   the enlightenment does n't work for the south caucasus , nor russia really , nor the balkan etc. 
   `` no common culture '' - except that what is commonly called `` the west '' is basically europe not eastern europe , nor most of central europe , or the baltic states , or the south caucasus , or european russia etc. 
   `` no common language '' - so switzerland and belgium also do n't exist belgium has many issues as far as national identity goes , i would n't take it for a model . 
   `` no common religion '' - so india also does n't exist indian identity is a construct , just as european identity is . 
  it worked pretty well for them considering the issues they faced but why do we need a superficial european identity ? 
   ah , ok , you are one of them ... ... 
  i was talking about the pre-russian period . 
  it 's very well and good that you 've constructed this grand narrative of evil russians keeping you down but i was specifically talking about georgia 's history * before * the russian annexation . 
  i was talking about the pre-russian period . 
  it 's very well and good that you 've constructed this grand narrative of evil russians keeping you down but i was specifically talking about georgia 's history * before * the russian annexation . 
   what are you even talking about ? 
  if you are not taking in to account geography , history , culture , religion , values , identity and so on , then not even western and northern europe have anything in common . 
  western and northern europe had and have a hell of a lot more in common with eachother than they do with the south caucasus . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that any notion of a common european identity , however vague , is absolute nonsense . 
  i am taking into account all those things and i 'm still coming up short on how the south caucasus is in any meaningful sense ` european ' in the same way western europe is . 
   georgia had relations with europe centuries before even russia existed . 
  read about colchis , greek and georgian relations , roman and byzantine periods , christianity , crusades . 
  that period ended about half a millennium before the russian empire annexed georgia . 
  by the time russia annexed it georgia was an isolated backwater getting invaded every decade or so by either the turks or the persians . 
  not to any fault of the georgians of course , it was just that the collapse of the byzantines eventually left them isolated amid hostile states . 
   but europe was spineless back then so russia won . 
  oh please . 
  there 's a variety of reasons why that particular history 's gone the way it did , ` europe ' being * spineless * is presentist nonsense . 
  sulkhan-saba orbeliani sought help against the ottomans and persians , not the russians . 
  georgia itself ultimately turned to the russians for protection though russia ended up breaking the terms of the treaty by outright annexing georgia ( which did lead to an end of turkish and persian raids ) . 
   read about democratic republic of georgia . 
  then soviet union happened . 
  basically russia is the reason georgia is not still integrated in the european union . 
  we are fighting this fight with russia for centuries already . 
  i know all about it . 
  not that it 's in any way relevant to what i 'm saying . 
  right but that 's about as relevant as the geographic part or are iranians european as well ? 
  we 're discussing identity , shared values , shared history and all that dreamy esoteric stuff eurocrats like to blab on about . 
  the point is that any talk of european values or shared history is absolute nonsense because europe does not exist in isolation of north africa or western asia while there have been parts of europe that have been comparatively isolated from the rest of it like : * the balkans under ottoman rule * russia under the mongol yoke ( and arguably the soviet union ) * georgia until it was absorbed by the russian empire . 
  western and northern europe have nothing more in common with say georgia or azerbaijan than they do with iran or the countries of south america . 
  1.8-million-year-old hominids have fuck-all to do with any questions about european identity . 
  a lot of the wishy-washy ` european values ' or shared culture talk here is nonsensical to me , personally . 
  european values that people like to harp on about are mostly western and northern european values . 
  realistically , what do we have in common with ( for example ) the countries of the southern caucasus ? 
  there is nothing meaningfully ` european ' about them even though two of them are geographically in europe and can we hardly then exclude armenia in that context . 
  is n't the whole thing pretty much an extreme leftwing backlash against blairite policy having so obviously failed ? 
   i am starting a poll , who will be the next to be blamed for the destruction of europe ? 
  i am calling dibs on uk . 
  i say we immediately let serbia in and proceed to blame them for everything . 
  funding the camps would genuinely be a better , cheaper , more humanitarian option than waiting for people to haphazardly hike across half of europe though . 
  this actually annoys the hell out of me because melisandre is supposed to be eastern and mysterious with ( presumably ) some exotic accent while the association i get with her accent is ` suburban bike mom ' . 
  same with michiel huisman who gets cast in roles where you should expect accentless american english but get that cringeworthy tinge of dutch seeping through . 
  it 's still the same old story of the evil boyars and the good tsar , is n't it ? 
  that 's the point . 
  separatism is never a simple matter of `` this is a natural pre-defined nationality so it should have its own state '' . 
  the point was that it 's a failure of spanish nation-building and spanish policy towards catalonia rather than the catalonians * simply * being a different people . 
  fitting regional identities into the larger mosaic of national identity is n't impossible . 
  well the frisians in the netherlands have a different language , culture , historical background etc. 
  people from limburg and brabant are closer to flemish ( belgian ) identity linguistically , culturally and historically than they are to mainline dutch identity . 
  all three of them have their own provinces where they constitute a majority . 
  there 's very little separatism from these groups . 
  separatism is never a simple case of difference between peoples . 
   albania was not created by that intervention . 
  we were recognized . 
  the same way america was not created at the end of the revolutionary war , it was recognized . 
  talking about the state , not the nation . 
  the latter is a notoriously vague concept , though i 'm not disputing its existence . 
   northern epirus was always historically albanian though . 
  see , this is what irks me . 
  the concept of territories ` always ' having been historically * yours * . 
  the azerbaijanis say the same thing of nagorno-karabakh and armenia even though the armenians predate them by thousands of years there . 
  claims like that are never true in an absolute sense and we can certainly swing it the other way too . 
  kosovo had a long history within serbian states and has never belonged to any solidly albanian state until kosovar independence and the demographic balance only decisively shifted in your favour in the 19th/20th century . 
   where did you learn it like this ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  we are ultra-nationalists because we want to live within our own borders and not be considered foreign citizens ? 
  imagine if tomorrow netherlands was spit up amongst france , england and germany . 
  would you guys be considered ultras for demanding your borders be restored ? 
  no , so why are we ? 
  what are your own borders and by whose authority are they to be recognized as natural ? 
  the borders of a country , certainly in a region as mixed as the balkans are n't a natural , pre-determined thing . 
  unless you go crazy with either ethnic cleansing or enclaves or both there 's no way you 'll get all your natural territory and every other gets all of theirs . 
  the netherlands is a pretty random amalgamation of statelets within the holy roman empire that through an accident of history banded together and formed first a state and later a nation . 
  if history had gone differently dutch would 've simply been a regional variant of german . 
  the current borders are pretty rational and normal given the ethnic and linguistic situation on the ground and their historical stability but they were n't the natural borders of the dutch nation in the 15th century if such a thing could be said to exist at all at that point . 
   you 're absolutely right . 
  however , when your neighbors have land that was never truly theirs to begin with , see ? 
  this is a ludicrous concept . 
  by whose authority are you declaring it to never have been * truly * theirs ? 
   containing people who are foreign to them but native to you then i think you can see where the issue arises from . 
  is it foreign for serbia to contain albanians ? 
  they 're certainly a different ethnic group but albanians have a long history of residing in serbian states . 
  serbo-albanian ethnic conflict is by no means inevitable , natural or unavoidable . 
   you 've already written me off as an ultra nationalist i can sense but what i 'm telling you is a reality . 
  wanting every little piece of soil an albanian has ever inhabited or over which any historical ` albanian ' has ever ruled seems unwise and idiotically confrontational to me , sorry but i do n't see the point in endlessly demanding land from serbia , macedonia , greece , montenegro etc. 
  and ever expecting any reconciliation to arise from that policy . 
   europe drew the borders how they pleased after wwi without taking into account that they were displacing my fellow nationals . 
  they were mostly determined by the facts on the ground . 
  serbia and greece were present to enforce their claims and italy was present to enforce its claims on behalf of its ( smaller ) albanian protectorate . 
   you say things like `` boohoo '' but that comes off as so arrogant to me . 
  sorry , that might 've been abrasive but i do n't see the point of demanding foreign territory and inciting conflict from that because of century-old grievances if ultimately all you achieve is failed states and endless ethnic conflict . 
   for , if the same were to happen to holland then you would be saying the same things as me . 
  we 've lost territory before . 
  belgium seceded and took a chunk of dutch speakers with it . 
  yet the dutch speaking flemings of belgium today enjoy a high standard of living and equal ( language ) rights with the french speaking walloons .
