  recent mass-arrest of opposition mps . 
   there 's not much the kosovo state can do about it . 
  if kosovo ca n't govern serbs in such a way that kosovo serbs can be secure and achieve some measure of security then why the hell has n't kosovo cast off northern kosovo yet ? 
  kosovo was founded on the promise that it would be a state that * could * and would guarantee the rights of its minorities ; it has failed . 
   but this really has nothing to do with serb rights , but i can understand your need to avoid the topic at hand . 
  it 's a testament to the weakness of the rule of law in kosovo . 
  it 's not directly connected to the serbs but it serves to demonstrate that what is stated in the constitution and the laws of kosovo matters little . 
   the war has been not that long time ago , and the serbs ' anti-inpendentkosovo sentiment does n't help much . 
  you dragged them into a near-failed state that honors kla terrorists as its national heroes . 
  a state that prides itself on being founded for the liberation of albanians but insists on dragging along a virtually homogeneous serb enclave in the north ( which made policing the area practically impossible until recently , hurting both serbia and kosovo enormously ) . 
  how in the world do you expect kosovo serbs to identify with and support the independence of a state like that ? 
  to be fair , the way he phrased it does n't indicate that he thinks kosovo is a developed country . 
  in my experience it 's still mentioned every so often in relation to russia . 
  maybe upset is the wrong word to use but the issue crops up nearly every time whenever russia is discussed . 
  of course we 're discussing anecdotal experiences so it 's kind of a moot point . 
  just someone with the slightest knowledge about kosovo and how little law means in a mafia state run by the likes of hashim thaci . 
  i do n't see why i should believe an albanian nationalist on his word when he makes claims on kosovo serbs being in any way , shape or form secure within a kosovo still in part run by ex-kla thugs . 
  kosovan laws are n't worth the paper they 're written on considering the kosovan government happily violates its own constitution and many of the ruling clique are known to be involved in organized crime . 
  rights are n't worth much when anti-serb sentiment is the name of the game and the rule of law is non-existent . 
   serbs already have all the rights that every minority in developed countries have . 
  in theory . 
  anyone have any clue what this is about ? 
  are they going nuts over minor symbolic concessions to kosovo serbs again ? 
  well , i said the public . 
  relatively obscure history that 99.99 % of people do n't know about does n't really tell you much . 
  i struggle to see how russia was ever really seen by the dutch public as ` an old friend ' . 
  honestly , people are still very much upset with russia about mh17 ( to quite an idiotic degree i 'd say but never mind that ) . 
  however , that does n't automatically mean people like the idea of expanding the eu further eastwards and pouring money into countries like moldova and ukraine . 
  disliking russia does n't exactly equate to loving ukraine over here . 
  there 's half a continent between us and russia/ukraine so the headache of having to deal with ukraine eventually getting into the eu is slightly more pressing in people 's minds than the slight satisfaction people might get from making putin mildly miffed by pulling ukraine into the eu 's orbit . 
  it 's also just pretty par for the course as far as post-soviet ( semi - ) petrostates ( russia , kazakhstan , azerbaijan etc. ), 
  go and the top-down way these societies are run . 
  they want to be as well-liked as western european countries and want to be seen as modern , dynamic , upcoming countries and all that good stuff . 
  there 's just one problem : making actual progress in democratization , anti-corruption measures , economic diversification , civil society etc. 
  would undermine local power structures ( i.e. 
  the aliyev business empire and kleptocracy in azerbaijan or the oligarchy and autocracy in russia ) and hurt the allies of their respective regimes ... 
  so you just spend a bunch of that oil-money to hire a bunch of pr-companies ( and/or noted asshats like [ tony blair ] ( https://newrepublic.com/article/120691/tony-blair-does-pr-repressive-azerbaijan-kazakhstan-autocracies ) ) and spend big on prestige projects like the european games , the olympic games or even the eurovision song contest of all things ( azerbaijan in 2012 for example managed to spend over 30 million usd on the event itself and 100 million for building the arena - and the event itself turned out awful ( in my humble opinion ) because it was a blatant advertisement ) . 
  yeah sorry i guess i 'm just hypersensitive to these things . 
  the rest of it might have some merit but in those sections it honestly felt like i 'd accidentally stumbled into / r/atheism and was reading the enlightened revelations that jimmy got after binge watching youtube clips of christopher hitchens en richard dawkins or whatever . 
  i just get really annoyed when people try to speak with authority on a subject they do n't have any real understanding of when all they 're really trying to do is forcefeed you their particular brand of enlightened * nu * atheism . 
  anyways , rant over . 
   i do n't think his main point that the greeks missed out on the renaissance after being under ottoman rule is inaccurate , but it 's far from the only reason for their decline . 
  one could certainly make the argument that ottoman rule cut ties with the rest of europe and in many ways resulted in persistent relative backwardness . 
  of course we have no clue what a hypothetical byzantine continuation would 've looked like culturally and economically ( it could 've gone millions of ways ) so all in all it 's a bit of a moot point . 
  i keep wondering how on earth china deals with the obvious discrepancies between worshiping mao and the fact that his actual rule was a series of utterly preventable disasters resulting in tens of millions of deaths and a ridiculously long period of economic stagnation . 
  not to mention that china 's current system is pretty clearly a near-opposite of what chinese communists actually wanted . 
  rather ... uhm ... r/atheism-ish would n't you say ? 
   the crucial effect of renaissance and the enlightenment was that people were freed from the grip that religion had on their minds , and were able to seek for explanations of physical phenomena somewhere other than in their holy books . 
  ehhhh ...  i ca n't emphasize enough the dependence of science on freedom of the mind . 
  when religion tells you , `` this is the explanation , already given in our holy book , seek no further !, 
  ( or else ... ) '' , then you ca n't develop science , because to do so you need to question everything , and test if that which you believe is true , by looking at the data . 
  yeah ...  the bitter truth is that if christianity is already bad for scientific development , islam -- at least the way it is practiced today -- is even worse . 
  islam is a real killer of science . 
  here is why . 
  uh-huh . 
   back in the medieval times -- also known as dark ages -- the christian church had absolute control and absolute power . 
  it was impossible to express an opinion that was contrary to the beliefs of the church , because doing so might incur the death of the person . 
  in other words , people were totally un-free to question anything . 
  the beliefs of the religious were imposed by force ( by means of the threat of torture and death ) to those few who had an inquisitive mind and wanted to search and find the truth by themselves . 
  in the early 1600 's , in galileo 's time , it was still dangerous to express an opinion contrary to the church . 
  the philosopher giordano bruno was burned at the stake in the year 1600 , because he claimed that the sun was just one star like all other stars ( which is true ) , and that there are other intelligent beings in the infinite universe ( which we do n't know ) . 
  galileo himself almost had the same fate because he supported another true idea : that the earth orbits the sun , and not the other way around . 
  no wonder those are now called the `` dark ages '' . 
  ooh neat , bad history as well . 
  guess what , every state in history began as a construct and that does n't matter . 
  whether yugoslavia was a construct or not is n't the slightest bit relevant . 
   where exactly are you getting your ` propaganda narrative ' ? 
  i mean , i 'm assuming you 're living in the netherlands , so who 's saying to you ` kosovo is going to be a wonderfully modern multiculti paradise ' . 
  kosovo ` statesmen ' like hashim thaci and his ilk say it every chance they get . 
  international propaganda platforms like interfaithkosovo.org claim it as well . 
   anyways , kosovo started its independence in a very unfavorable state , economically or politically , so nobody is really expecting it to become ' a wonderfully modern multiculti paradise ' anytime soon , though that ** is clearly the target . 
  ** the outside perception of that is the target at least . 
  maybe the ruling mobsters would like to get there at some point , i do n't know . 
  i do n't see it happening in any case . 
   well , that came out of nowhere . 
  i admit , i do n't like kosovo . 
  i do n't like for the precedent it sets for seperatism and the legitimization of terrorism . 
   kosovo 's constitution gives serbs equal rights . 
  the same constitution that is routinely violated and counts for exactly nothing . 
   they have waaay more rights than albanians have in serbia . 
  well you 're the ones trying to legitimize terrorist separatism and you 've dragged them into an independence they did n't want so you might as well shower your minorities with theoretical rights that mean nothing and you 're never going to honor in any practical way anyhow . 
   in fact , even though they are a small minority , the have a large presence in the parlament/government . 
  yes , that wonderful parliament where tear gas is routinely set of and opposition mps get arrested if they doth protest a bit too much . 
  what a wonderful palace of democracy . 
  i 'm sure serb inclusion in a practically meaningless parliament will do wonders for them . 
  yugoslavia collapsed , the serbian economy went down the drain , they went through the milosevic regime ( which admittedly had the approval of much of the population ) they were bombed , they were swarmed by albanian terrorists , a piece of their sovereign territory was taken from them and declared ` independent ' in complete violation of international law etc. 
   then you can also understand why some albanians are n't keen on welcoming the people who 've burned down their houses and massacred their kin . 
  sure but the propaganda narrative tells me that kosovo is going to be a wonderfully modern multiculti paradise . 
   i guess it would make sense for northern kosovo to stick with serbia . 
  but that would have consequences , where albanian populated areas in neighboring countries would want the same thing , to become one with either albania or kosovo . 
  the consequences have already arrived and the precedent was set by kosovo . 
  the kla gambled that they could provoke milosevic by terrorism to the point of causing western intervention , that succeeded . 
  albanian terrorists next tried to do a repeat in both macedonia and the presevo valley , where it failed . 
  point is , the kosovo independence is a change to the prior status quo to the detriment of serbia . 
  serbia is being robbed of part of its sovereign territory and should be thrown a bone . 
   as a side info , in 1912 when the big powers set the borders of albania , a lot of land which was populated with albanians , was given to the neighboring countries . 
  they took it themselves . 
  yugoslavia and greece had boots on the ground and the great powers were n't obligated to create the nationalist delusion that is greater albania . 
   it 's not propaganda at all . 
  kosovo-albanians are crazy about them european values .
