  it 's best not to determine what 's just based on how very mad you get at things :(  by what standards is crimea `` admitted '' as russian territory by international law ? 
  i am sorry , your knowledge of international law is just horrible !, 
  focus darling , we were talking about chechnya . 
  i know it 's difficult to concentrate if you 're dealing with the outrage of someone not demonizing russia quite as much as you do but at least try to concentrate . 
   i understand international law rather well , considering i have a degree in law , concentrating on international law ... you got ripped off considering you do n't understand the basic concept of territorial integrity . 
   and you continue with nonsense ... what was chechnya if not an internationally recognized part of russia . 
  c'mon , make that degree work for you . 
   what was the last country to illegally invade , occupy and annex a territory of another internationally recognized state with internationally recognized borders ? 
  oh i remember , it was kuwait by iraq !, 
  32 countries literally went to war with iraq over its actions !, 
  chechnya was a legal , internationally recognized part of russia , try again . 
   it 's just horrible when a person does n't see the qualitative difference between events i agree . 
  it 's horrible when someone does n't see that chechnya , adjara , serb krajina , republika srpska etc. 
  are all qualitatively the same kind of conflict . 
  maddening , right ? 
   and generalizes along the very same lines that state-controlled russian media provides as their never-ending propaganda . 
  keep calling everything that does n't demonize russia quite enough propaganda . 
  got ta keep believing that worldview even if reality does n't correspond with it . 
   the majority of the population in this case are foreigners . 
  the foreigners have literally taken over the country , stripping the indigenous population from their right of self determination . 
  how is this some sort of la-la-land ??? 
  the part where you hand over exclusive political power to a minority group and everything from then is peachy perfect without any sort of friction whatsoever ? 
  we 've been through this about 10 times at this stage . 
   but you are literally making shit up and generalizing a bad scenario for every case ... again , applying real life examples and laying out the consequences of marginalization and minority rule / = / making shit up or generalizing  yes they are immigrants . 
  so are people of my ethnicity when they settle out to distant places ... 
  they are immigrants until they assimilate . 
  not saying they are illegal immigrants , but immigrants nonetheless . 
  by every possible definition they 're natives pal . 
  they were born there , and have lived there as a group for hundreds of years . 
  people have rights , pal . 
  and those rights are n't based on ethnicity , this is n't the 30s . 
   thing is this matters more to the indigenous population . 
  the immigrant population most likely has their own nation somewhere , where their language is the official language . 
  just do n't come to a territory of another ethnic group en masse and then start to demand your own language as an official language . 
  you would be the one changing the status quo to their detriment . 
  in most of the cases where you 're arguing for ` indigenous ' minority rule the supposedly non-indigenous population has had their language ( of the lingue franca of the larger polity they were a part of ) as an official one for literally centuries . 
  and once again , suddenly changing that would of course have no repercussions whatsoever because this is still la-la land . 
   and it 's not all that matters - taxes , education , penal laws etc. . . 
  which are all fairly irrelevant because you 've already gone and disenfranchised them on a basic level , further disenfranchisement would not be out of the question once you adopt a mentality of determining rights by ethnicity . 
  it 's pretty accurate in my view . 
  you 're so passionate about this stuff even when its demonstrably impractical , impossible or counterproductive to implement . 
  you ca n't seem to deal with the simple facts that demographics have changed throughout history , that people assimilate , that people move , identities change , nationalities are constructed , that identity is actually a complicated subject and not a black-and-white thing . 
  i also find the accusation of strawmanning hilarious given that you 've accused me of saying you want ethnic cleansing about three times now and keep misrepresenting my view that minority rule ( that you ca n't enforce to begin with ) is untenable as ` any and all secessionism is plainly wrong ' . 
   you 'd be surprised of my knowledge of world history ... 
  currently i 'm merely surprised by the lack of it . 
  if you really have such a knowledge of world history as you suppose i 'm just astoundingly disappointed that such knowledge apparently has n't translated in much in the way of critical thinking , insight , and understanding . 
   i am not talking about just majorities or minorities for the old world . 
  most of the new world population has died , there are only a few very different native ethnic groups left and in small numbers . 
  the whole concept of the new world is that it is a place of immigrants . 
  the same is true in russia in large part . 
  but once again your interpretation there is different not because the situation is so different but because it has to do with those russians you loathe so much that you 'll always argue against them on any given topic . 
   so if the soviet union had a russian majority , then none of the republics could secede ? 
  that 's just twisted and evil logic ... 
  the soviet union was a federation that consisted of 15 ssrs , all of them officially had the right to secede though they did n't practically have that right until the early 90s . 
  the majority population that i 'm referring to here is the local one btw . 
   it did n't much happen illegally for georgia or ukraine . 
  did they not have the right to secede ? 
  you 're not grasping what i 'm saying . 
  the soviet union would have fallen apart anyway and per the soviet constitution they were considered as voluntary member states who were allowed to secede of their own accord . 
  georgia never had much of a russian population , and whatever russians settled in modern-day ukraine assimilated fairly quickly given that russia and ukraine have a dialect continuum and ukrainian identity is perfectly compatible with being russophone . 
   you keep giving hysterical remarks about there being an imminent genocide as soon as an ethnic group wants independence ... misread me and be reductive however you want , that 's your purview . 
  it makes the whole thing rather pointless though . 
   it 's not always centuries ago . 
  it is in various examples like crimea , and most parts of russia where you have argued for this nonsense . 
   and often the existence of a foreign majority stops the indigenous minority from exercising their right to self determination , which is in no way helpful for stability . 
  how ? 
  a state that does n't have any separatism , and has little to no serious ethnic tensions * is stable * by the very definition of the world . 
  despite it not appealing to your small-minded narrow definition of historic justice . 
  what 's unstable about actually stable countries ? 
  in what way would you serve global stability by creating hundreds of unsustainable semi-apartheid states that would be constantly mired in ethnic conflict ? 
   but it was fine when multinational soviet union dissolved ... what does that even mean ? 
   indigenous ethnic rights go above state rights . 
  no , they do n't . 
  indigenous peoples have some rights per international agreements ( where the definition of indigenous groups is much narrower than the way you 're using it ) , but those do n't touch on or come into conflict with the territorial integrity of states . 
   it only happens that estonia is small enough to not have any other indigenous peoples in its territory . 
  and that indigenous peoples have no enshrined right to territorial sovereignty that those subhuman colonizers you loathe so much do n't also have . 
   lol . 
  i ca n't believe western europeans so easily fall for such tricks . 
  yes , we should believe the estonian who inanely demonizes russia every two seconds for an honest appraisal of the realities of russian domestic policy . 
  sorry to break it to you but having such a dehumanizing view of the russians does n't make you an expert despite how edgy it is . 
   well most of the indigenous minority territories are sort of surrounded by russia , so ... 
  which means they 're stable if not always perfectly contented ... as opposed to the five hundred demographically unsustainable micro-states you would create out of russia ( that you * still * have nobody in the world to enforce ) . 
   independence -  russia attacks -  horrible war -  russia occupies -  guerrilla warfare -  stable radicalization . 
  there 's nothing to be surprised about here . 
  and yet you advocate for the establishment of hundreds of these cases and act offended and surprised when i bring up the prospect of ethnic and military conflict , and act like it could never happen in your fantasy world and accuse me of making things up whenever i broach the subject . 
  real good critical thinking skills , once again . 
   yet russia still invaded and you are protecting them ... russia retook what international law admits is their territory , as ukraine has retaken parts of its east , as georgia has retaken adjara , as croatia and bosnia defeated serb separatists etc. 
  sorry for actually caring about and understanding international law and not having a worldview solely based on loathing russians . 
  i 'll argue against the russians when and where they 're in the wrong , not when international law says they 're in the right and where every other state in the world would have done similar things , unlike you i will not argue against russia on every single issue just for it being russia . 
   that 's your problem . 
  you 're just making things up . 
  yes , i should be like you and just live in la-la land where i can come up with a scenario that would deny the majority population their political rights , and then imagine that that would leave no issues whatsoever as far as ethnic friction goes . 
  now that 's a realistic scenario , i tell ya . 
  do n't let anyone analyse it and tell you what what consequences real-life examples of such things have though , that would just be ` making shit up ' just stop please . 
  this ` making things up ' argument is nonsense and you know it . 
   should n't have come to that country then ... ugh . 
  you 're arguing this for ethnic groups members of whom have been born and died in these territories for possibly dozens of generations , these are n't immigrants , get your head out of your ass , dude . 
   and i 'm not saying they should n't be citizens or change the laws , but basic constitutional decisions like independence , international cooperation or official language should not be the issue of the immigrant population . 
  ` i 'm not saying they should n't have rights just no real rights , they should n't be totally ignored , just on everything that matters which will still magically cause no friction whatsoever ' . 
  also , immigrant population is a nonsense term for people who have often lived there for hundreds of years , genius .
