  ukraine had been at peace for literally 70 years before the current conflict . 
  let 's not pretend like ukraine is or ever was a powderkeg without moscow 's direct involvement . 
  at this point it 's a low scale conflict confined to a rather small area . 
  it 's mostly simmered down at this point . 
  ukraine might very well have lost the separatist areas ( semi - ) permanently but that is pretty much all its ever going to lose . 
  you might have noticed that armenia tops the gdp-growth graph you posted earlier . 
  it was actually at war until 1994 , is still engaged in a frozen conflict , is suffering from a dual blockade and has probably the worst situation possible for international trade . 
  i still think [ renzi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0kjzeh2jn8 ) has him beat . 
  [ churchill did comment on it at one time though . 
  ] ( https://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=1499&amp;dat=19430926&amp;id=u6kwaaaaibaj&amp;sjid=bsmeaaaaibaj&amp;pg=4051,4615431&amp;hl=en ) though you 're probably mostly right . 
  i doubt churchill 's solution to the prussian problem would 've been the expulsion of some 14 million germans . 
  not totally beyond the realm of possibility . 
  still doubt it though . 
  ethnic divisions that did n't exist yet were somehow recorded . 
  okay . 
  the only russian census is from 1897 . 
  according to that , the kars oblast was 25 % armenian and 22 % turkish . 
  multicultural internationalism that somehow turned a multicultural state into an almost fully homogeneous one . 
  that 's ingenious . 
  armenia held roughly the pre-war russo-turkish border after wwi , turkey attacked , annexed the western half of former russian armenia and today 's there 's no armenians to be found there . 
  ataturk conspired with the soviet union to partition armenia . 
  ataturk was n't involved in the actual genocide but lets not pretend he was in anyway benevolent to the armenians . 
  well they should consider it . 
  i mean they 're just naturals at it . 
  i mean for something that so obviously was n't a genocide it was a remarkably effective genocide . 
  how ? 
  that 's true enough but i was n't saying anything of the sort about the turkish community ( though i doubt many of them have very many positive thoughts about armenians ) . 
  it 's the turkish government that 's just loathsome . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  over here we had a case of armenians building a genocide memorial on * private * property and the turkish government still rallied 6000 nitwits to come and protest the thing . 
  well you did get silistria in exchange which was a more valuable territory . 
  it was a nasty affair sure , but you got out ahead . 
  plus the fact that there was already a civil war on before the intervention . 
  libya is n't in a good state right now but it 's better than syria , if only a little . 
  the police actions in indonesia were n't genocide . 
  renewed scheldt-blockade when ? 
   generally only men have been deported . 
  that is why armenians generally cry that `` they have taken my father/grandfather/uncle away '' etc. 
  which is why there 's still armenians living there , right ? 
   because ottoman empire knew that it was going to lose that area . 
  except it only lost the western part of it , and only after three years . 
  and if they had any intention of letting them survive why not deport them further into anatolia ? 
   there was no need for it . 
  kurds known to be `` not helpful '' for any `` stranger '' . 
  they never helped ottoman armies while they marched to persian empire and other eastern/southeastern areas . 
  and in fact , one of the ottoman emperors wrote a curse for the kurds ( well , just a curse-wishing to god ) , because they did not even give him and his army water . 
  they themselves had to create a whole new well for their water needs . 
  it is a famous curse in turkey , a very long one too . 
  oh please , the ottoman empire itself had already set up the hamidiye to harass the armenians back in the 1890 's . 
  you do n't set up irregular armed units and tolerate them for decades if you do n't intend them to do anything . 
   what are you talking about ? 
  the [ hamidian massacres ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hamidian_massacres ) and the [ adana massacre ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adana_massacre ) . 
  ok , if that 's correct ( i very much doubt it is ) then for the fiftieth time , why deport the women and children along with them ? 
  why deport them to the syrian desert of all places ? 
  why set loose kurdish gangs upon them ? 
  why take all of their belongings ? 
  if it only had to do with wwi , then why were there two significant massacres decades prior that had nothing to do with any war ? 
  for one thing , the armenian genocide started long before the russians made any serious inroads into western armenia . 
  the erzurum offensive only started in january of 1916 . 
  the armenian genocide started in april of 1915 . 
  and it 's rather cynical to comment on the economic situation of armenia in that way considering that 90 % of it is turkey 's fault . 
  i dismiss it because it is not on the same level as an actual genocide . 
  turks still live ( directly ) west of the present day turkish-armenian border , armenians do n't . 
  a lot of the time you 'll hear something along the lines of : `` both sides suffered equally '' and it just is n't true nor ever was . 
  i brought up the russians because the turks often cast them in the role of the evil imperialist bogeyman that 's out to get them while the ottoman empire simply was n't any better . 
  they were also significantly better to the armenians than the turks were and if you look at the recent history prior to the genocide it 's not hard to see why some armenians would welcome them as liberators . 
  neither is it a very good reason to be deporting and murdering women , children and infants . 
  but still they argue that it is . 
  no , no it just does n't . 
  it never gets brought up to put things into perspective , it 's always just someone going `` well why does n't this get brought up you just hate dem browns huh racist ?! '' . 
  and no , it 's not the same . 
  turks usually had a place to go to , turks were usually the privileged population , turks were colonists , turks had a status above that of the second-class citizen natives . 
  there are still turkish populations across most of the balkan peninsula ( neither the crimean tatars nor the caucasus muslims are or were turks ) . 
  the situation of the balkan turks is partly the blame of the ottoman empire to begin with . 
  armenians were totally eradicated from their native land of several millenia for the audacity of wanting a slightly better deal than kurdish irregulars constantly raiding them , being massacred every ten-odd years and having basically no rights . 
  the vast majority of historic armenia is within modern turkey . 
  modern turkey had pretty much always been the population center of turks . 
  making an appeal to the ` natural ' is farcical . 
  lots of things are ` natural ' that any decent person today would find abhorrent . 
  that has never been denied . 
  it just gets rightly dismissed as an example of whataboutism . 
  dude the armenians like totally killed a turk somewhere at one time ( i have this picture of dead `` turks '' to prove it , also this recently discovered mass grave filled with dead `` turks '' ) and some of them fought together with the russians ( do n't know why though , the ottoman empire was obviously perfect to them ) at one point i 'm fairly sure . 
  which is why those armenian women and children all had to take a lovely hike down to the syrian desert without food and water , for their own safety from those evil russian aggressors . 
  they were all provided with wonderfully trustworthy kurdish irregulars as escort who totally did nothing to harm , rape , chuck them into ravines/rivers or murder them or anything nasty like that . 
  which is totally why the turks are in no way at fault for former western armenia having virtually no armenians left in it . 
  because obviously both sides suffered equally . 
  there is however a significant turkish population that the turkish government likes to rile up whenever the issue of the genocide comes up . 
  except the article contradicts that . 
  but feel free to once again engage the russophobic circlejerk , it 's a doozy . 
  the frisians are pretty much our only real homegrown minority in the sense that they have their own language and a pretty long history of their own independent states within our modern territory . 
  they actually used to occupy a much larger part of the country before our germanic ancestors migrated in . 
  for the rest of them it 's pretty much just regional identities and no group that i 'd consider non-dutch . 
  brabant and limburg ( + zeelandic-flanders ) although not really minorities , are somewhat closer to the flemish than the dutch in many ways ( religion , dialects - hard g 's  soft g 's btw ) . 
  they ( like pretty much everyone in the not-randstadt ) feel like they 're somewhat neglected by the hague . 
  limburg and brabant were n't among the seven united provinces ( dutch republic ) that declared independence from spain , but were part of the state after being conquered in the early 1600 's . 
  they were treated akin to occupied territory ( ruled directly by the states general ) until the batavian republic rolled around ( around the time of the french revolution . 
  the relatively new minorities : mollucans are from the mollucas , now part of indonesia , in the former dutch east indies . 
  the netherlands had promised them their own independent state , or at least autonomy within indonesia , but that all fell through , so the first few generations had some understandable animosity towards the government . 
  there are also different indonesians ( from java , sumatra etc. ), 
  who are mostly descended from colonial loyalists as far as i know .
