  seriously , with all your love for totalitarianism ( except when practiced by russia , because then it 's obviously a crime unparalleled in all of history ) and all this insanely racist nonsense about [ ` uralic colonialism ' ] ( https://i.imgur.com/q6tnbwg.png ) and the historic crime it supposedly is you 're a much better fit for / r/european , / pol / , stormfront or some other place that panders to your weird brand of neo-fascist nonsense . 
  not really . 
  ` vikings ' ruled briefly on the coasts ( inconsistently and mostly through vassalage of local rulers or raids ) but afaik did n't really settle and were driven away by the 9th/10th century . 
  we 're descended mostly from franks and saxons . 
  our language having evolved from franconian ( while the french/southern franks themselves adopted vulgar latin ) . 
  in the east of the country people speak a regional language that 's descended from saxon . 
  in the north they speak frisian , a language that is somewhat closer related to english ( well , old english more than modern english ) . 
  tl ; dr : we 're somewhat related , as germanic peoples . 
  descended from ? 
  huh . 
  seems i 'm wrong . 
  should 've read the article instead of skimming it then . 
  thought this was about serbian mps in belgrade . 
  completely missed that it 's about kosovo again , sorry . 
  though the article in question really is crap if they just flat out wrongly claim they 're serbs + get their terminology mixed up . 
  serbian is usually the term used when talking of citizens of serbia or things connected to the state of serbia . 
  while serb is usually used to denote someone of serb ethnicity . 
  these people are serbian mps , just of albanian ethnicity . 
  though the source should probably have specified that detail given its significance . 
  because their own country is so impressive in comparison , ey ? 
  anyway , why are you posting something that appears to be 4 years old ? 
  regardless , i am looking forward to the healthy discussion of the macedonian question that will doubtless ensue here . 
  it feels more like the old people 's home of nations at this point . 
  hmm , we need some way of binding the uk and its people closer to the eu ... hmmmm ... 
  i know , let 's belittle them !, 
  if that 's his goal he 's going about it the wrong way and subordinating it short-term popularity boosters like this crimea business and the pivot towards ` traditional values ' . 
  his administration is also tacitly condoning massive corruption for the sake of keeping him securely in power , which tremendously undermines russia 's economic potential and its people 's wealth . 
  i know that verhofstadt 's shtick is more ( moremoremoar ) eu and all that but how exactly does he think ` europe ' holds any of the cards much less the will to involve itself here ? 
  there 's not enough support for a military intervention , and it 's doubtful ` we ' would have the capacity for anything more invasive than bombing runs anyway . 
  diplomacy then ? 
  we hold none of the cards there barring money . 
  and it 'll be hard enough to get public opinion behind the sort of massive investments a solution like this would need . 
  and it 's not any kind of guarantee for stability without boots on the ground considering the five years of sectarian conflict we 've had so far . 
  that 's not even considering the fact that many of the groups that have a stake in the conflict have no interest of any sort in negotiation with each other , much less the infidel west . 
  what are the plans for syria anyhow ? 
  are we to slap it back together like bosnia & herzegovina ? 
  mind you , that still is n't much of a success story . 
  the ukrainians were pushing for it though . 
  the ukrainians extending the lease on sevastopol was hugely controversial in the domestic sphere every time it happened . 
  was pretty much what i meant though . 
  though yeah there 's a seeming contradiction here so i phrased it kind of awkwardly , but let me elaborate . 
  these people are often times all about race and stuff but they forget that there 's plenty of uralic and tatar peoples that assimilated ( almost completely in a lot of cases ) into russians ( even before the wave of forced russification ) . 
  there 's also the fact that by its nature the russian empire had to be pretty multicultural as it covered like 1/5th of the globe , and it never had a ( very strict ) racial hierarchy but instead a linguistic and ( somewhat less important ) religious one . 
  even the russian ruling classes were quite diverse with georgians ( a lot of them especially ) , armenians , some ` russian ' ruling families with tatar origins , baltic germans etc. 
  i said assimilation , not integration but in many ways it 's both . 
  although you 're right that assimilation really became the modus operandi in the late imperial period . 
  though quite incompetently in many cases ; dictating russian language smack dab in the middle of russian poland could only ever result in the poles being infuriated . 
   forgetting that russia just lost most of ukraine for , well , ever i 'm still convinced putin 's far more happy to be in firm control of crimea and the sevastopol port ( though no doubt the sanctions ( and the costs of subsidizing crimea ) are smarting ) than he was having a shaky degree of influence over an eternally politically unstable ukraine that required massive subsidies to sustain while ukraine still tried to leave the russian orbit every decade or so . 
  let 's not forget that russia still has the means to exert enormous pressure over ukraine . 
  pro-western ( somewhat anti-russian ) ukrainian governments between 2004-2010 still had to bow to russian pressure in various areas because russia holds a lot of the cards in that relationship . 
  ukraine still has no practical alternative to russian energy supplies . 
  ukraine is pretty firmly in ` our ' camp at this point but how much of a benefit that is remains to be seen . 
  if it 's going to be the same kind of relationship russia had with ukraine pre-2014 it 's going to be pretty costly and not at all stable . 
  this one 's been out of use for a while but i really love the [ russian imperial flag ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c0/romanov_flag.svg/2000px-romanov_flag.svg.png ) . 
  it was only used occasionally for a relatively brief period but i just love the uncommon color scheme . 
  nowadays it 's mainly used by ultra-nationalist and neo-nazis and the like , as far as i know . 
  which is kind of odd to me because the russian empire was quite multicultural and relatively adept at assimilation of foreign groups . 
  yeah . 
  we 'd probably be spared a lot of trouble if after wwi serbia just went for the greater serbia shtick ( and let croatia and slovenia do their own thing ) instead of the totally-not-treating-this-like-a-greater-serbia kingdom of yugoslavia and the subsequent socialist union that was basically set up in a way that was going to inflame serbian nationalism at some point . 
  but because italy just had to claim like half the adriatic coast the slovenians and croats briefly bought into the yugoslav dream to be spared italian rule . 
  basically : fuck italy . 
  oh good it 's this shit again . 
  it really is n't , has n't been for like two centuries at this point . 
  modern wars usually are n't fought because they 're economically profitable . 
  well duh . 
  if you 're gon na have to provide massive amounts of benefits to refugees who are then going to spend it on consumption of course gdp will go up . 
  bit of a [ shady website dere ] ( http://therightstuff.biz/about-us/ ) :  launched in december of 2012 , we are a political and cultural blog with two major goals :  1 . 
  reinvigorating dialogue among a disparate and edgy right-wing . 
  inflaming anuses among the childish and regressive left-wing . 
  eeeeh ...  recurring themes : nationalism , statism , monarchism , democracy , liberalism , libertarianism , free markets , race relations , gender roles , pan-secession , revisionist history , conspiracy theories , pluralism , slavery , self-determination , imperialism , economics , political correctness , feminism , socialism , postmodernism , religion , etc. 
  they literally have a section called [ `` the daily shoah '' ] ( http://therightstuff.biz/tag/the-daily-shoah/ ) also [ this ] ( http://therightstuff.biz/trs-lexicon/ ) :  peak negro ( macro )  the phenomenon in which the black population of a city reaches a proportion that causes white flight to increase to the point of eliminating the city 's tax base . 
  democrats are elected , then black democrats are elected , then , mogadishu ensues . 
  see : detroit , baltimore , ferguson . 
   peak negro ( micro )  when out in public , the phenomenon in which enough blacks congregate to set off the negro 's internal instinct to lash out violently at his strange surroundings . 
  sometimes referred to as `` standard poolparty . '', 
   synagogue , the  the ruling caste of the western world . 
  the men who mold the narrative and direct the society 's `` progress . '' named for it 's over-representation of merchant , as well as a means to criticize mencius moldbug , half-merchant blogger who chooses to use `` cathedral '' as a means to describe the same concept . 
  and much more good stuff in their ` lexicon ' . 
  honestly , i 'm not hugely optimistic about integration prospects for refugees ( and the social and economic costs of this whole thing ) and despise the inaccuracy and bias in the video that this article is supposedly debunking but i 'm not gon na trust something from a cesspool like that , confirmation bias be damned . 
  the article seems decently sourced but if you 're gon na post something in this vein could you please find something similar from a somewhat respectable source instead of / pol / the website ? 
  it 's just mindboggling how much of a waste the second balkan war was . 
  bulgaria could 've just depended on russian arbitration to hand a big portion of serb-held macedonia to them + it could 've happily kept nearly all of thrace including adrianople . 
  but nope , got ta go full greater bulgaria mode and damn the consequences . 
   that would have settled the question once and for all according to the will of the people . 
  that would 've still needed significant allied forces to enforce because people do n't like to have their countries dismembered even if it 's on a semi-democratic basis . 
  the turks actively fought to regain territory that was majority greek or kurdish . 
  there 'd also been recent ethnic cleansing in the region ( bulgarians from eastern-thrace and parts of macedonia , armenians from what is now eastern turkey ) which complicates matters . 
  the schleswig plebiscite could happen because germany was spent and the allies were just over the border ( and even over it in certain places ) . 
  the allies had a much more difficult time ( and much less interest in ) projecting power in eastern europe , the balkans and anatolia . 
   if they were to admit this it would make them thieves and not the bulgarians `` greedy for territory '' , so i do n't expect them to ever do it . 
  eeeh . 
  bulgaria was quite ambitious in its territorial aims beyond just the territories that were majority bulgarian , particularly in the 1st and 2nd balkan wars . 
  serbia wanting a share of macedonia was n't totally unreasonable , they 'd pulled their weight and the creation of an independent albania had resulted in the loss of most of their share of the spoils if they 'd still handed over the parts of macedonia that bulgaria wanted . 
  fact is , bulgaria ( recklessly , and with disastrous consequences ) made war on serbia and greece even though both sides had agreed to russian arbitration which would probably have handed a fair portion of serbian-held macedonia to bulgaria . 
  you can talk all you want about ( slavic ) macedonians being more bulgarian than serb but bulgaria had a clear choice of either diplomacy or war and chose to make war and ended up having to face the consequences . 
  how exactly would they be able to get russia out of syria ? 
  putin is n't going to leave syria alone because merkel and hollande send him a polite letter informing him that russia is n't a partner in the peace process and they 'd rather not have him there . 
  the russians are in syria and as much as we 'd like them not be we ca n't really go behind their backs and expect to get anything constructive done there . 
  no doubt merkel and hollande wished the russians were n't in syria but they have no mechanism for making them leave . 
  + there 's the claim on hatay province , which was seized in kind of a scummy way but it 's been turkish for 75 + years now so they should really let it go .
