   this is not about ukraine yes it is . 
   it 's about russian posturing and geopolitical goals . 
  which anyone can see do n't really threaten nato by any measure of the imagination . 
   if you ca n't think more than one step ahead i do n't know what to tell you . 
  says the guy who implies the russians will just be twiddling their thumbs while we deploy a massive military force . 
  if you think risking nuclear annihilation for every tiny worthless dispute with russia we have no real stake in is ` thinking more than one step ahead ' , then i do n't know what to tell you . 
  let 's flip that around . 
  likely russian perspective :  ** nato ** only makes the move when they know they will not be challenged . 
  that land is not worth a war to them . 
  see how this works ? 
  and crimea is almost certainly more important to russia than it is to nato . 
  also it 's extremely strange how you seem to think public opinion within nato member states will somehow be more in favor of going to war/risking war ( for a non-nato member , mind you ) than the putin regime will be . 
  you talked about forcing them out with military means , not keeping them out . 
  regardless , nato ( or whomever you expect to do this fighting for you ) did n't have the capacity to deploy sufficient forces there in time anyway when it was happening . 
  also , do you not get the concept of escalation ? 
  if you 're going to start a massive military buildup ( which will take months ) to force the russians out they 're not just going to twiddle their thumbs in the meantime . 
  the fact that nobody really * aims * to start lobbing nukes from the outset does n't mean it wo n't ever happen . 
  a rightfully turkish aegean island . 
   do not ever compare the situation of the dutch who got kicked out of a foreign land to the turks who were born and raised in the balkans , oh right , nobody of ( part - ) european descent was ever born and raised in the dutch east indies or algeria . 
   spoke the local language only partly true . 
  and this is also true in some measure of various groups of european colonizers , it does n't really change the reality of a system of colonialism , exploitation and repression . 
   and were perfectly integrated . 
  yeah there 's no doubt they were perfectly integrated into a system of systematic repression , exploitation and oppression of the native population . 
  just as europeans in the dutch east indies and algeria were . 
   my grandparents were among those who got persecuted and chased out of their homeland , yes because dutchmen and people of part-indonesian , part-dutch descent ca n't call someplace in east-asia where they 've lived for hundreds of years their home , no no . 
  nor can people of european descent be allowed to live in algeria . 
  them getting murdered and ethnically cleansed is a-okay . 
  gosh it 's real bad when people employ double standards , ey ? 
   all their properties seized and their rights revoked . 
  which is exactly what happened to colonists the world over during the 20th century , which is pretty sad . 
  i do n't discount the victimhood of members of colonist societies who were wiped out during the period of decolonization . 
   again , clearly you can not accept the fact that sometimes we , turks can also be victims . 
  colonists can fall victim to the ( erstwhile ) colonized just fine , not denying that . 
  occasional palestinian violence against israelis is very real for instance ( though violence of the latter against the former is much greater ) . 
  again , i accept the notion of turkish victimhood just fine while putting those occurrences in their proper wider context . 
  a concept which you reject in favor of a kneejerk narrative of unique victimhood . 
   ok , link to me two turkish users ( with their comments ) that are attempting to justify ethnic cleansing under this thread . 
  there 's implicit and explicit justification , a bunch of them were also deleted . 
  i 'm not going to sort through all this ultranationalist tripe to dig up deleted comments . 
   you pretend like you talk from a higher position , but you 're all nonsense . 
  k fam  you make it seem like there is an overproportionate amount of ultranationalist ethnic cleansing supporters under this thread , while almost all turks i see have n't commented anything close to what you 're saying . 
  because a lot of their posts were deleted and we 're arguing about a comment made 24 hours ago . 
   i mean , talking about comparison , turks were also ethnically cleansed from the balkans but you lot call that ` defensive behaviour ' . 
  i 'd put that in about the same category as the fate of dutch colonials and eurasians in the dutch east indies or frenchmen in algeria . 
  the narrative about the colonization of indonesia and algeria does n't focus on their victimhood for quite obvious reasons . 
  the only people i know who moan about that sense of victimhood far and wide in dutch and french discourse are basically skinheads , fascists and other far-right nuts . 
  so / r/turkey 's moaners and self-pitying jingoists are in good company in that respect . 
   when you do it , it 's called comparison . 
  when i do it , you call it whataboutism . 
  clear case of false equivalency . 
  if you do n't understand how arguments or comparisons work there 's no point to any of this . 
   an imaginary group that you 're giving visibility to , none of the top comments are like that . 
  yes , because they were downvoted here and part of them deleted . 
   i was n't done , jesus christ what a smug little prick you sound like . 
  i addressed everything you said after it , none of it was relevant . 
  if you do n't want people hurting your feelings i 'd suggest you stop trying to bait responses like that by moaning far and wide about muh victimhood and muh european double standards . 
   now who exactly is my lot ? 
  ultranationalists , their apologists , people who tolerate them and foster them on / r/turkey . 
   you sound so goddamn smug . 
  kewl  i 'm not gon na bother quoting the rest of what you said bla bla bla you 're smug x3 bla bla bla comments being deleted now means they were never there to begin with bla bla bla k fam . 
  i say this kind of thing a lot i know , but once again if you do n't understand the concept of the balance of comments possibly having been different 24 hours ago when i posted that first comment than it is now i do n't know how to help you . 
   you talk to me as if i 'm one of those justifying ethnic cleansing and genocide [ you responded to me like you were defending yourself and them , and feeling all offended and shit over me complaining about a bunch of jingoists . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5jl4l9/exactly_53_years_ago_on_this_day_bloody_christmas/dbic2s0/ ) if you do n't want to be identified with them do n't implicitly self-identify with them . 
   you have this smug , your argument is stupid attitude i 'll gladly confirm that : your argument is stupid . 
   if you had a tone of respect in your language , i would be willing to continue this argument . 
  respect goes both ways . 
  ultranationalists thugs do n't deserve any to begin with . 
  their apologists i 'd be willing to give the benefit of the doubt in principle , your very first comment to me however you immediately strawmanned me and called me a pretentious hypocrite . 
  see how that works ? 
   ethnic cleansing is just a euphemism for genocide . 
  no , they 're different things . 
  if i wanted to say genocide i would have said genocide . 
   i never said that you think all turks are like that , but you did specifically say all of them under this thread are . 
  i said this thread was full of ultranationalists ( posted before i posted that comment ) all arguing a certain way . 
  that is simply a way of referring to a string of similar comments , not literally saying all turkish commenters were ultranationalists nor all of them justified ethnic cleansing . 
  if you would n't be so caught up in justifying a narrative of european hypocrisy ( which is why this thread was posted here and why a string of idiotic comments full of jingoist baiting immediately followed ) you would 've seen that from the start . 
   there is plenty of those who believe the invasion of cyprus was justified . 
  so what ? 
  the fact that in this thread that includes gleefully circlejerking and whitewashing about the 200,000 greek cypriots who were ethnically cleansed ? 
  think the invasion was justified ? 
  fine , whatever . 
  i disagree with that ( as i would for instance with armenians doing the same about karabakh ) , but i 'm not particularly bothered . 
  shit this thread up with ultranationalist jingoism , circlejerking , and self-pitying moaning about how le evil european does n't care about dead turks :( ( ( ( ( and i start to have a problem with it . 
   and why are you bringing up armenia over and over again ? 
  because the ` armenian issue ' is a nice illustrative example of turkish ultranationalist types moaning about how nobody cares about their victims and subsequently glorifying and justifying genocide and ethnic cleansing possibly ? 
  have you at all contrasted how / r/turkey comments on say karabakh compare to attitudes on cyprus ? 
   just shut up already . 
  why do you feel the need to bring the armenian genocide into question in a thread completely unrelated to it ? 
  again , if you do n't understand how comparisons work i do n't know how i can help you . 
   i say , you answer for your part in the bosnian genocide and your century-long slavery which even today is celebrated as part of your culture . 
  nice whataboutism and ignorance bro . 
   for every one such comment you can link to me , i can link to you five others under this thread who claim nothing of that sort . 
  cool so only one out of six of comments made by users from / r/turkey are pseudo-fascist , good job . 
  ( also literally never said all of you were ultranationalists so it 's irrelevant anyway but whatever , keep fighting that strawman , you 'll get him eventually )  you are a hypocrite yourself . 
  fine , demonstrate it . 
   you 're generalizing a whole group of people i 'm not , i 'm blaming a specific group of people for their actions , i.e. 
  what they 've posted . 
  if you ca n't read that 's your problem . 
   way you know how , by talking like your inner 12 year old . 
  well i tried talking like my inner fascist like it 's fashionable to do on / r/turkey , but i just ca n't muster the psychotic ethnic hatred and chauvinism , you know ?
