  as is northern cyprus to cyprus but that attitude is n't an answer to a practical issue . 
  a fair and equitable solution gives both sides something tangible . 
  handing back nagorno-karabakh and its 135,000 armenians to azerbaijan wo n't happen unless armenia has solid reasons to believe those 135,000 will be safe there , will have real autonomy and wo n't once again be swamped by azerbaijani colonists . 
   you do know that turkey invaded cyprus with the pretext that greece was preparing to take over the island ? 
  the turks clearly saw that a geopolitical threat and intervened . 
  that 's not the point ...  what is all that `` nonsensical anti-armenian shit '' you 're talking about ? 
  relentless propaganda , rewriting of history to omit the millenia-old armenian presence in the region , denying armenians entry into the country , pardoning safarov , destroying armenian cultural heritage etc. 
   the aliyev regime being `` corrupt and anti-democratic '' hardly has anything to do with this conflict , though ? 
  it has everything to do with it . 
  aliyev is insanely anti-armenian and not beholden to any law or constitution . 
  how can armenia trust in promises of regional autonomy and peaceful coexistence within azerbaijan when azerbaijan is effectively the fiefdom of one of the most aggressively armenophobic men in the world ? 
  if azerbaijan had solidly democratic , pluralistic institutions and its government made clear that armenophobia would n't be tolerated it 'd be an entirely different story and azerbaijan 's bargaining position would be much , much better . 
   i 've seen you arguing that aliyev rened the conflict as a result to take away eyes from his involvement in the panama papers . 
  that sounds a bit too much like a conspiracy ( just because it makes sense or sounds logical , does n't make it so ) . 
  it 's speculation . 
  this is the same man who has no qualms about stealing billions from his people and pardoning axe-murderers , i would n't put it past him . 
  que ? 
  who 's talking about russia ? 
  the conflict has little direct connection to russia , though doubtless they 're happy to keep it going . 
  honestly , i know there 's two sides here , the day before yesterday i wrote like 20 comments arguing that the azerbaijanis were ultimately bigger victims of the conflict than the armenians were ( though they 're more or less equally to blame for it starting and azerbaijanis being more victimized was solely by virtue of them losing and not winning ) . 
  what i hate is that azerbaijan plays all the wrong cards and refuses to even consider real reconciliation . 
  if we compare azerbaijan to other states that were invaded by foreign nationalist parties like cyprus and bih it is insanely hostile to the armenians to a degree that cyprus never was to the turks and bih never was to the serbs ( continued living in bosnia throughout the war ) . 
  azerbaijan has a far larger amount of refugees than armenia does but all this nonsensical anti-armenian shit and the aliyev regime being as scummy as it is makes for immensely poor pr internationally and guarantees that the armenians will never trust in coexistence under baku 's sovereignty . 
  no country in the world would tolerate a separatist state within its sovereign territory for any length of time if they could do anything about it , not to mention the hundreds of thousands of refugees displaced for some 25 years now . 
  though to be fair , the aliyev regime 's militarism , for all its bluster , probably prevents the conflict from being resolved . 
  if the azerbaijanis could get rid of the aliyev regime , reduce the militarism , and got some semblance of reconciliation and pluralist democracy going the armenian side would be much more inclined to compromise rather than continuing the status quo . 
  as it is coexistence under baku 's sovereignty seems downright impossible . 
  that 's strange considering russia still had the decency to at least go through the motions of calling for a peaceful resolution . 
  turkey meanwhile stood unconditionally by its loony kleptocrat pal as he started a pointless , wasteful military offensive to cover up the panama leaks he was implicated in . 
  sure they could , but would either side like it very much ? 
  armenia fought hard and lost much to secure the occupied territories , handing them over to russia opens up the possibility of being sold out . 
  meanwhile azerbaijan will hardly be any more enthusiastic about a russian presence than an armenian one considering what russians have done in other post-soviet separatist territories in the past and considering the russian-armenian alliance . 
  what you 're describing is an ideal , not a possible reality . 
  an international consensus to respect the territorial integrity of other countries is much more helpful to global stability and peaceful coexistence than a one-sided wishy washy idealism wherein every piece of territory in the world can potentially secede whenever they might feel like it . 
  i never understand how people used migrations more than a millennium in the past as an argument for why a country does not have a right to its sovereign territory . 
  colonialism is a pretty defined system that has already been dismantled . 
  letting every place in the world that 's somehow separatism-minded hold a referendum at any time they want is an absurd insanity that if applied would throw the world into anarchy . 
  or the west and nato could have tried to negotiate for something the serbs could actually accept and not an agreement that basically handed kosovo independence in all but name . 
  there 's some etymological confusion here . 
  i 'm using the word ` state ' as in country and the word ` nation ' as in ethnicity/people . 
  it 's pretty clear that the albanian nation as you would definite it has never constituted a state and as such territorial integrity does n't apply to it . 
  does n't work that way . 
  territorial integrity applies to states , not nations . 
  first off , not a serb . 
  of course there was already anti-albanian sentiment present but milosevic was n't going to outright commit ethnic cleansing with nato breathing down his neck . 
  when they 're intervening anyway it 's a different story . 
  yup . 
  azerbaijan continuous self-sabotaging there is unbelievable . 
  they go through all the trouble of bribing politicians and journalists , hosting prestigious events , building up a showcase capital , constructing this narrative about azerbaijan being a multicultural wonderland , spending massively to change the military balance of power etc. 
  and in the end aliyev throws it all away with inane anti-armenian measures that no doubt play well domestically but make every foreign mediator and most of all the armenians themselves not even want to consider serious negotiations . 
  i mean it 's pretty clear that you 're going to have to offer the armenians something tangible and substantial for them to freely cede territory they 've conquered at such a huge cost to an enemy now many times stronger . 
  instead aliyev makes no secret of the fact that he loathes armenians and he passes that sentiment down to his populace liberally . 
  for all his offers of huge autonomy and all that nobody is ever going to trust him over it considering azerbaijan is still an authoritarian state and aliyev is n't accountable to any institutions or constitutions regardless of what assurances he might be willing to give at the negotiating table . 
  if you look at other conflicts of this kind . 
  say bih , milosevic was willing to play ball at dayton because he could be secure in the knowledge that rs had solid foundations of self-government and bih though it had its incidents never became quite as sectarian about the war as the serbs did and thus serbs could live in relative security within bih , whether in the federation or rs . 
  now i 'm not arguing for a rs arrangement per se ( rs arguably has too many state-powers ) but it seems pretty clear that the key to coming to peace is convincing the armenians that they can live without fear in azerbaijan , so far the aliyev regime has tried its very best to convince them there 's absolutely no place for them under baku 's sway . 
  could say the same about crimea . 
  countries deserve their territorial integrity without exception . 
  nato and the us being the ultimate arbitrators of which countries deserve their territorial integrity and which do n't is an unworkable framework . 
  the argument is that part of the justification was fears that the serbs were about to commit genocide , a claim which is dubious at best . 
  and to compare the position of albanians within serbia , now or then , to that of jews in nazi germany is farcical , ridiculously exaggerated , and disingenuous . 
  the end result of this nonsense seems to have been the exact territorial status as it was before and dozens if not hundreds of dead and wounded for basically no result other than a temporary distraction from aliyev 's kleptomania being once again brought into the spotlight by the panama leaks . 
  let 's hope both sides get sensible at some point and try to work towards a comprehensive , reasonably fair and equitable peace . 
  at this point over a million people are still displaced after a quarter century and though you 'll never get them all repatriated it would be a huge win for everyone if part of them could go back . 
  and both azerbaijan and armenia could expect huge socio-economic windfalls if they could finally get this conflict resolved . 
  there was no indication of anything remotely similar to that going on until nato bombing provoked the serbs to push back into kosovo ( now held almost completely by the kla because nato forced yugoslav forces to withdraw but did nothing to restrain the kla ) and start with the mass evictions ( which is still not quite the same as what happened in srebrenica ) . 
  not exactly waiting till the time is right , more like only going there if they absolutely have to . 
  there 's lots to lose by directly siding with armenia and little to gain . 
  the only benefit would be armenian gratitude and thus ensuring that the gyumri military base stays where it is . 
  intervening directly would push azerbaijan right into the arms of nato and turkey and with the energy reserves it has it can stick to that course ( unlike say georgia which despite the 2008 war has settled into appeasement because it ca n't afford to antagonize russia further ) . 
   what do you mean by that ? 
  i do n't think we have laws that discriminate against armenians ? 
  are n't people with armenian nationality and/or armenian ethnicity literally banned from entering azerbaijan ? 
  it seems to me that that 's a policy with few practical benefits ( other than that it plays well to domestic jingoists ) that makes for atrocious pr abroad ( as does the amateurish propaganda baku pushes and the politicians it buys ) . 
  it makes all aliyev 's posturing about azerbaijan 's supposed wonderful multiculturalist coexistence ( which to be fair afaik works reasonably well if you 're not an azerbaijani * armenian * ) seem farcical . 
   also , we have been offering nkao to become autonomous republic under azerbaijan , and for all armenians currently living there to accept our citizenship , but the issue is much more complex , and goes beyond just assuring safety of armenian minority in the country . 
  well sure . 
  i just think its doubtful that armenia is ever going to trust that autonomy to be meaningful or even last any significant period of time ( you 'll remember that the previous autonomy was unilaterally revoked ) . 
  of course it has to do with more than the safety of the armenian minority but it seems pretty clear to me that its a huge factor in that armenia will only ever really consider returning the occupied territories if it has some assurance that its armenians will be safe under azerbaijani sovereignty and on that front aliyev has done nothing to reassure anyone . 
  for now we 're in a situation where the potential detriments of a peace deal ( ethnic cleansing of remaining armenians in azerbaijan ) outweights the potential economic and diplomatic benefits armenia might get . 
  sargisyan is n't going to hand over 135,000 armenians to azerbaijan 's sovereignty if there 's a non-negligible chance that a few years later he 'll have to accept them into armenia proper as refugees and will likely face a revolt over it . 
  i just take an interest . 
  i also have a tendency for verbosity which might make me seem smarter than i actually am  thanks for the compliment anyhow . 
  yup . 
  the hatred builds up pretty naturally during and after such conflicts . 
  though if aliyev had any sense he 'd try to promote some reconciliation ( by for example inviting back armenian refugees ) and try to get a grip on the anti-armenian sentiment instead of encouraging it . 
  stuff like the insane anti-armenian laws , shifty azerbaijani propaganda , and the safarov incident make azerbaijan look like the proverbial bad guy when in reality azerbaijan suffered much more from the actual war than armenia did . 
  no foreign mediator is going to seriously try getting nagorno-karabakh back under azerbaijani sovereignty with baku acting so cartoonishly bloodthirsty and not offering armenia any real way to save face and guarantee karabakh armenians ' safety under baku 's sovereignty means armenia wo n't take any significant steps towards resolving it any time soon either . 
  from moscow 's perspective it probably is n't senseless to keep the conflict going . 
  it benefits them in many ways . 
  keeping armenia in this state of conflict makes sure they 'll always feel they ca n't do without the russian military base in gyumri and keeps armenia economically ( and diplomatically also somewhat ) isolated and thus dependent on russia . 
  as for azerbaijan , knowing that russia have a military alliance of sorts with armenia and could probably cause all sorts of trouble for azerbaijan on that front probably keeps baku from solidifying its alliance with turkey and seeking further ties with the west . 
  there 's also very few options to get to a sensible peace which is why this thing has lasted a quarter century . 
  azerbaijan is insanely anti-armenian and aliyev is in effect accountable to no one which makes sure armenia wo n't trust its people again coming under baku 's rule . 
  turkey and azerbaijan have effectively backed armenia into a corner but ca n't push on from there and have left armenia no realistic option but to continue the occupation long-term . 
  intervene how ? 
  intervening military on any one side would be disastrous , they 've already done the requisite call for ceasefire and the osce minsk group convenes tomorrow . 
  i very much doubt isis members would be very anxious to fight for mostly * shia * firmly secular state . 
  if you have a fetishist desire to see serbia partitioned , sure . 
  if you do n't then it 's pretty easy to see that it 's just some blowhard shouting out an absurd provocation in an effort to capture the political spotlight .
