  one of the big five usually have a stranglehold on last place . 
  if they send something that 's actually shit ( the uk tried this year but it 's still quite dire ) it 'll still automatically get to the final regardless . 
  if greece will be as dire as it seems from the studio version then it 'll probably just not qualify ( for the first time ever as well ) . 
  well that 's politics for you . 
  see also nafta , nato , the eu , dayton , kosovo , the annan plan etc. 
  wherever international deals of this kind are made or proposed there are gon na be people on both sides that feel their side is the one that got screwed . 
  also the united kingdom itself and the colonies were always separate . 
  the soviet union was a contiguous unitary state with a sprinkling of phony-federalism . 
  the russian sfsr might have had borders but few people cared about intra-union borders to begin with until the collapse came which stranded what many must 've felt were natural parts of their homeland in other countries . 
  the united kingdom itself also hardly changed apart from the institution of the welfare state , which was an improvement to people 's lives and did n't make people 's living standards plummet like the imposition of the market economy did to russia . 
  sure but the transition period is longer for some states than others . 
  the baltics and poland ( not directly integrated into the soviet union but still heavily aligned with it economically ) rebounded in a few years while it took ukraine ( in many ways a stronger economy than poland ) a decade to get out of the slump with the help of a russian ( oil ) boom . 
  please actually read before making some smarmy comment . 
   i do n't see if enybody 's doing that , expulsion is always wrong , no matter the place or the nationality of victims . 
  [ uh-huh ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4andrz/more_than_half_russians_would_vote_for_preserving/d11x7vb )  are you surprised ? 
  not really , no . 
  i do n't specifically blame poland or anything . 
  in fact the netherlands had quite [ a similar plan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_annexation_of_german_territory_after_world_war_ii ) going with even less justification and no mass expulsions of our own to deal with . 
  there are still many reasons to prefer latvia to russia . 
  and gdp is n't the full story when russia has a much more unequal distribution of wealth than latvia does . 
  it might well have happened with a state that was n't the soviet union . 
  soviet socialism certainly is n't outright necessary for a civilization/society to advance quickly , just look at south-korea or taiwan . 
  gorbachev was trying to reform the soviet union to a more genuinely federal state instead of a unitary semi-imperial one . 
  problem is that with the baltics , moldova and caucasus gone ukraine 's intention to secede would 've left russia , together with belarus within a more democratic union where they would get outvoted severely by the block of stans down south . 
  with russia as the most advanced economic unit left , and with the most resources it faced a situation where the it would continue to have to subsidize its rump empire and the stans would dump products of dubious value with russia in exchange for russia 's various natural resources , the only thing the soviet union produced that was worth any significant amount of foreign currency , something russia needed for itself quite badly . 
  basically russia did n't feel the need to hold on to central asia if it had to let go ukraine . 
  the soviet union as an idea was n't worth it if it 's only function here on out was to subsidize central asia at russia 's expense . 
  does n't seem like it as you 've lost nearly half your russian/russophone population compared to 1989 . 
  [ link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_latvia#ethnic_groups ), 
  this is n't exactly a high-level thread in itself you know . 
  like 90 % of this thread is circlejerking about how dumb those ruskies are . 
  if you do n't see a consistent trend of snobbery towards the russians i do n't know what to tell you . 
  oh sure . 
  for estonia and latvia in particular it was a matter of national survival considering continued russophone immigration into those republics . 
  though there was a wide sense in the ukraine for example ( among others ) that russia was specifically holding ukraine back when it was in many cases the russian sfsr ( well , actually the soviet government itself using resources of the russian sfsr , the russian sfsr was mostly irrelevant as a governmental structure until the death throes of the union ) that was massively subsidizing its ` fellow ' republics ( and soviet satellite states like bulgaria ) in the form of ridiculously cheap resources . 
  the referendum on secession was sold to the population partly based on that idea , particularly to ukrainian russians . 
  though of course in the context of a massively inefficient system that they could 've done much better without ( negative value added industries for example that consumed more in resources than was added to the value of the product produced ) but then we would n't know how ukraine would 've done if permanently severed from the soviet union in 1917 . 
  i never claimed it was the reason , i just object to raising the polish annexations and deportations above those of the russians in kaliningrad as if the former were somehow more excusable . 
  and sure it was a soviet initiative but many poles welcomed it as eagerly . 
  the poles were spurned on by the soviets but it 's not as if the hostility needed to commit these acts , the desire to cripple germany , and the want for more territorial concessions was n't already present . 
  not every massacre , even when under soviet vassalage , can be rightly blamed on the soviets, 
   friendship of nations for them meant that everyone is friendly , who is ok with russian dominance and assimilation . 
  many among/of the subjugated nationalities bought into it as well and its easy to lose sight of what that friendship of nations entails for others if you 're at the top of the pile anyhow like the russians were . 
  it 's hardly unique for the dominant group to feel like the system is more fair than it actually is . 
  just look at race relations everywhere . 
  post-soviet nostalgia is n't * exclusively * a russian phenomenon , though it 's stronger in russia than most other places . 
   they have done reasonably well only because of cheaply produced expensive natural resources . 
  the list currently goes like this : well yeah that goes for pretty much all post-soviet states barring the baltics or post-soviet states specifically subsidized by russia . 
  civilizational breaklines like the soviet collapse do n't seem to immediately bring better results unless you have massive natural resources or some recent tradition of self-government to fall back on like the baltic states . 
   you are not understanding what colonialism is . 
  you are trying to redefine it to suite your ** agenda ** and it doesnt work . 
  colonialsm has nothing to do with the sea . 
  it 's just important to differentiate the soviet union from the european colonial empires because it was a vastly different kind of state . 
  it has absolutely nothing to do with ethics , morality or any kind of personal feelings i have towards russia or russians and if you actually read what is stated you 'd see that . 
  i know this is your schtick and all but could you stop argueing against something i have n't claimed ? 
  the soviet union was n't a colonial empire in the sense that it was in many ways vastly different from the european colonial empires in the way it was governed , and its holdings * were n't overseas * , and despite it falling apart russia was n't left with some kind of perfect russia proper but rather with one that still had unwilling majority non-russian areas in it with other majority russian areas ( and belarus which was massively pro-russian and is only slowly starting to assert its own identity now ) being shorn off . 
  that us enlightened europeans are perfectly willing to excuse ethnic cleansing when it 's not done by those evil evil ruskies . 
  let 's not present too rosy a picture . 
  many people undoubtedly felt that friendship of nations ( moreso for the russians than other groups i reckon ) but things were undoubtedly not as rosy as that for much of the population . 
   after ussr , all republics lost , expect of , may be , baltic states . 
  then , after 10 years , russia profited because of rising oil . 
  but other ex-republics kept low . 
  azerbaijan and kazakhstan have done reasonably well ( though as in russia 's case , they 're hopelessly corrupt , repressive and pathetically reliant on oil ) . 
  and after two decades most countries are now better off or somewhere around where they started economically unless they 're engaged in a frozen conflict ( armenia , georgia , moldova etc. ) . 
  access to consumer goods for example was massively improved everywhere . 
  belarus never fell quite as deep as the others did and remained relatively stable . 
  russia ( despite the energy wars ) also pulled ukraine out of its post-soviet slump when oil prices started to rise . 
  that is until 08 when the great recession hit . 
  and while the human rights situation is hardly ideal in the post-soviet space ( apart from the baltics ) most people have more rights than they did during the soviet period . 
  which is a nonsensical and vague excuse you only use because you like poles better than you do russians . 
  as i said if it 's a mitigating factor it 's a very , very weak one . 
  would it be significantly better if tomorrow the greeks invaded and completely ethnically cleansed istanbul than if the germans did it ? 
  after all the greeks have ` historical contacts with the land ' . 
  thankfully we can call everyone who does n't engage in the the circlejerk apologists and thereby downplay what does n't fit into our narrative . 
  ` plain historical facts ' are n't quite what it says on the tin when presented by someone with a clear agenda . 
  saying the demographic balance shifted during the soviet period or that at varying times some soviet leaders tried their hand at russification with varying degrees of success is n't quite the same as constructing a narrative of eternal victimhood on the one side and eternal villainy on the other . 
  / r/europe has a tendency to talk about the subject as if russians are some sort of collective aberration that just do n't understand everything as well as us glorious enlightened westerners \u2122 do when in fact the russian situation , public opinion and all , is pretty standard and to be expected after a civilizational collapse . 
  considering he has a shtick about whining how russians are non-indigenous every time they make themselves heard somewhere he does n't want them to ... no ? 
  it 's also hardly unique . 
  china has been clamoring to regain its ( semi-mythical ) rightful status in the world as well and there 's never quite been a major power that crashed and burned so quickly as the soviet union did ( apart from nazi germany which was destroyed by war and not suicide as the soviet union was ) . 
   and polish is one thing , russia had no business in prussia/kaliningrad ... a polish/silesian population of 5 % is hardly significantly better reason to expel millions of germans and annex whole regions than a russian population of 0 % is . 
  russians have lived there for hundreds of years and been a majority in many places for similar periods . 
  that 's enough for the united states ( the west of which was conquered after russia took crimea ) , enough for turkey ( izmir and environs , eastern thrace ) , enough for south-america , enough for estonia ( many of its cities only became majority estonian during the late tsarist period ) but somehow not enough when its about russians because they 're russians and you do n't like russians . 
  also not all demographic changes in the soviet union were exclusively one way . 
  a big reason why ukraine is as ukrainian as it is the policy of * korenizatsiya * . 
  were all majority or plurality russian in the late tsarist period and turned ukrainian during the soviet union . 
  look , i think russia 's takeover of the crimea and the war in the donbass is as horrible and illegal as you do but you ca n't reasonable base your objections to russian sovereignty over these areas on your dislike of russians rather than universal principles like territorial integrity . 
  even if a majority of russians did want to secede in those areas i 'd still be opposed to it because states have a right to their territorial integrity and ukrainians and russians would never go to war over such a thing if not for the kremlin pushing it to that . 
  if you think you not liking russians is sufficient reason to deny them their rights , fine . 
  but do n't present it as some kind of brave anti-imperialism when its pretty clearly nothing of the sort . 
  do n't like your continuous nonsensical whining about how you not liking russians being a majority somewhere means they 're not ` indigenous ' and have no rights . 
  jesus christ not this shit again . 
  the soviet union was n't a colonial empire in that sense . 
  though there was some propaganda about the french colonial empire being at its heart a humanitarian enterprise it was never quite to the level of the soviet union . 
  the collapse of the soviet union was n't just russia 's loss of its colonies ( or however you would put it ) it was the collapse of a worldview , the collapse of russia 's status and a descent into misery for the russians when their rotten soviet-era infrastructure collapsed because it could n't compete and what industries could survive were handed wholesale to the oligarchs . 
  plus the soviet union was n't a colonial empire . 
  for one thing it was contiguous which meant that its collapse from the russian pov left many majority russian areas ( parts of the donbass , crimea , northern kazakhstan ) stranded in other states for no good reason because there was n't any discussion on the altering of borders ( though during the split the russians did briefly try to raise this issue ) . 
  you could argue that not altering them prevented war at the time ( though there were plenty exceptions : nagorno-karabakh , transnistria , abkhazia , south-ossetia etc. ), 
  but as we 've seen it did leave the door open . 
  it did n't exactly start with tito ( the idea had been around for decades , though it was somewhat of an elitist wankfest like turanism rather than a serious movement ) but it was indeed used as a ploy to justify yugoslav intervention in the greek civil war and the annexation of northern greece .
