  if i understand correctly regional flags are still categorically banned , they just removed the basque flag from the list of examples within the document . 
   adding to this turkish ethnicity is quite adaptable and diverse thus it 's easier to be accepted by turks than greeks whom were quite exclusive . 
  it did happen relatively large-scale though . 
  quite a few albanians for example assimilated into greeks , the [ arvanites ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arvanites ) for example are a prominent example . 
  i 'd say assimilation had much more to do with the turks being the dominant group within society than any supposed adaptability or diversity . 
  see also tatars in the russian empire , slovaks in the kingdom of hungary , poles in the german empire etc. 
  was trying to keep it simple . 
  of course every people in europe is n't ultimately descended from one single group as much as a bunch mixed together . 
  though maybe i generalized a bit too much there . 
  thanks for the clarification anyhow . 
  yep , it does . 
  the ebu could have saved themselves a whole lot of headache by simply not putting the basque flag in there as an example . 
  it 'd still be banned categorically . 
  the franks were a people who inhabited the modern day low countries , france and western germany . 
  the french descend from them . 
  thing is they started speaking vulgar latin , which would later evolve to french . 
  frankish was a germanic language . 
  franks in modern-day netherlands , flanders , north-western france kept speaking frankish which later evolved into old dutch ( north-western france/french flanders does n't speak much dutch these days though ) . 
  western german dialects are also descendants of frankish . 
  did you forget macedonia and then write its name in the aegean ? 
  i 'm not a big fan of leninism/stalinism but it should be noted that solzhenitsyn was a writer not a historian , had limited acces to sources , was a victim of stalinism himself , used anecdotal experiences , speculated frequently , faultily extrapolated etc. 
  his works are important sources but the number of victims he names is much too high , most historians nowadays put the number of victims more in the 10-20 million range rather than the 60 million . 
  uhm . 
  for some context . 
  he 's azerbaijani and [ these ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ed0s2xlkium ) [ are ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qao6n1ebewi ) some of his earlier videos . 
  this is pretty far from a disinterested perspective and the continuous unequivocal blaming of yerevan for the faltering peace negotiations here is suspicious . 
  that 's of dubious value though . 
  the settlement would be a federal one , meaning the turkish north will have strong state powers , and if it resembles the annan plan then greek resettlement/repatriation to the ( now - ) turkish part will be limited . 
  there 'd probably be some readjustments of the now-internal border though , in favor of the greek side . 
  different administrations there though . 
  obama was pretty consistently against the iraq war from the beginning ( though obviously he worded things more diplomatically while in office ) . 
  no , it 's more like calling the barbary slave trade , or the tatar slave raids in eastern europe the ` european genocide ' . 
  it 's taking an ( horrific ) event that had very little to do with genocide and then putting the moniker on it anyway because it makes you seem high-minded and moral . 
  the atlantic slave-trade was horrific , racist , callous , inhuman etc. 
  and all but it had absolutely nothing to do with genocide . 
  try actually reading up on these things before moaning about supposed western hypocrisy . 
  largely agree but for the record , i 'm not armenian . 
  except that still leaves no pull factor . 
  the aliyev regime being as insane as it is makes sure armenians are n't ready to compromise with it however bad things gets economically . 
  turkey is unconditionally supporting azerbaijan as it continuously shoots itself in the foot at the negotiating table . 
  also i was n't by definition judging on whether it 's a good thing or not . 
  just commenting on the fact that armenian-turkish relations will probably stay where they are as long as the conflict is going on and probably for a while after it ends ( whenever that might be and in whatever way that might be ) . 
   \\* self-righteous blablabla *  `` no such thing happened '' for you so ? 
  did those things happen with the intent to depopulate africa of africans ? 
  did those things happen with the intent to cause wholly or in part the extermination of the africans ? 
   is your conscience really so clear on this ? 
  conscience has nothing to do with it . 
   do you not feel a little bit of responsibility ? 
  i feel the responsibility of presenting things as they are instead of feeling the responsibility to randomly start applying the ` genocide ' label on anything and everything i feel like because it might make me seem ever so moral and high-minded . 
   and not a bit of shame by denying all this ? 
  not denying any colonial atrocities . 
  it 's simply that your construction of a narrative of ` african genocide ' is shoddy and does n't hold up under scrutiny . 
   fighting hypocrisy is my only sport . 
  then it 'd be neat if you 'd learned the definition of the word ( though it 's weird of you to get so defensive when my comment was a response to someone else ) . 
   every coin has double sides . 
  meaningless platitudes , very nice . 
   btw , do you recognize that the dutch were one of the people who committed african genocide ? 
  no because no such thing happened and the term african genocide is nonsense . 
  as with ` hypocrisy ' the word ` genocide ' has an actual definition and once again it 'd be neat for you to learn what it was before you started throwing the word around . 
  do you even know what hypocrisy means ? 
  those two issues are completely unrelated and karabakh is vastly more complicated than that . 
   the netherlands ( african genocide ) wat genocide has an actual definition . 
  not every atrocity or every set of atrocities constitutes a genocide . 
   yeah i totally forgot that nk got hot again . 
  even if it had n't gotten hot again it 'd still be a big fat impediment to armenia-turkey relations . 
  you 'll recall that there was supposed to be a normalization of armenian-turkish diplomatic relations in 2009 or so that faltered primarily over the nk conflict . 
  a frozen conflict ( over a region that armenians have such an emotional attachment to ) with an azerbaijan unconditionally supported by turkey ( by way of for example the blockade ) is a pretty solid guarantee that mutual resentment between armenians and turks is n't going to abate any time soon . 
  i would n't get your hopes up . 
  though i think burning or not burning a flag is ultimately of little consequence . 
  with the nk conflict not getting resolved any time soon i do n't see any real reconciliation happening regardless of how respectful the armenians are to the sensibilities of liberal turks . 
  other way around . 
  the us happilly collaborated with gaddafi and assad during the noughties ( the time of bush ' supposed ` freedom agenda ' ) as long as they were willing to play ball ( in matters like the war on terror ) and their regimes still functioned . 
  same for saddam during the eighties because he was a useful counterweight against theocratic iran . 
  uhm have you seen the main thread on / r/europe about romania getting kicked out ? 
  like 90 % of the comments is circlejerking about how terrible eurovision is . 
  also purported turkish government involvement in a massive hate rally/protest at an armenian church in almelo in 2014 . 
  reason being that permission had been granted for a monument to the armenian genocide built on the * private property * of said church . 
  affected ( or seemingly affected ) horrifically fake sounding cockney accents do n't seem charming to me , nor does trying to rhyme ` sorry ' with ` glory ' or ` story ' ; / . 
  must be a swedish thing . 
  luckily this year you picked something that 's incredibly easy to hate . 
  and constantinople 1453 never 5get, 
  honestly there 's a lot of both . 
  there 's ignorant right-wing loons talking about it like it was literally mordor and leftists talking about it as if it were a perfectly harmonious multicultural paradise . 
  it was n't quite decades before though . 
  greek revolutionaries were pretty effective in cleansing muslims from the territory they took back in the 1820s , the serbs had a habit of persecuting them as well in the kingdom/principality of serbia . 
  as the russo-turkish war raged in 1877-78 both bulgarians and russians had a habit of massacring and/or chasing out turks/muslims . 
  getting the turks to behave more sensibly there would 've probably prevented russian expansionism . 
  as it was the bulgarian massacres made the great powers and british public opinion less opposed to russian intervention in 1877 . 
  not really . 
  up until wwi britain did everything it could to prop it up . 
  lukashenko consolidated political and economic control pretty early and got the economy under control that way . 
  belarus was also pretty much always willing to play ball with russia ( to a degree ) so no economic turmoil from that either . 
  political and economic overtures from the west towards serbia were also much more successful and were met with much less russian resistance than similar moves towards ukraine . 
  when milosevic was overthrown the west promptly stepped in to help serbia towards recovery which was also a much less daunting task than it is with ukraine now . 
   they remained in the state of 90s post-socialist collapse that most of us escaped in the 2000s . 
  it actually escaped from that around the same time russia did , around 2000 . 
  russia 's oil boom pulled ukraine along with it out of the 90s depression . 
  even the 2004 revolution did n't really impact economic growth very strongly . 
  it then tumbled off a cliff in 2008 and was just regaining some strength when euromaidan came around . 
  boom went the ( quite generous ) russian deal ( which yanukovych had signed primarily because it 'd allow him to avoid politically difficult austerity measures ) and in came the conflict and some very watered down western loans and aid .
