  i 'd wager they 're crazy about being bailed out from the consequences of deliberately provoking milosevic and being given independence . 
  i 'd wager they 're also crazy about european wealth . 
  i 'd wager they 're not so crazy about other stuff like giving the serbs equal rights ( in practical terms that is , beyond writing it in the constitution that is routinely ignored ) . 
   kosovar multiculturalism has also failed in the north of kosovo , where albanians are n't welcomed in serb populated areas either . 
  well you can scarcely expect them to welcome the people who 've torn them away from their mother-country into an ` independence ' none of them wanted . 
  ( by the way , do the kosovo ` authorities ' enjoy any practical authority in northern kosovo these days ? 
  i 'd heard that serbia and kosovo agreed to dissolve parallel institutions but little is reported on the current situation . ), 
  kosovar albanians unilaterally declared an independence that dragged kosovo serbs along into a near-failed state even though a fair portion of them live in an easily detachable virtually mono-ethnic serb enclave right near the ` border ' . 
  the propaganda narrative on kosovo on the other hand tells us that all that kosovo albanians ( and the clique of kla mafia that runs the ` country ' ) want is a free and multicultural paradise of equality and european values and all that good stuff that was just disrupted by those rowdy uncivilized serbs . 
  i 'm all for combating isil ( though us policy in syria in particular has been schizophrenic to say the least ) but let 's not act like isil 's the only thing the obama administration has bombed these last seven years . 
  i do love how this is phrased . 
  anyway , having gone through what serbia has gone through these last few decades it must be reassuring to have russia 's friendship and i do n't begrudge them this ` special relationship ' but one of these days the serbs are going to have to assess what real benefits that relationship ultimately brings them other than the opportunity to obstruct kosovo on the international stage . 
  though honestly this is just a patriarch saying this . 
  though it seems slightly worrying to me how nationalist-minded autocephalous orthodox churches still are . 
  oh yeah that 's certainly part of what i 'm talking about . 
  for an ideology that turned so toxically unpopular ( that even republican candidates pretty much disassociated themselves with anything to do with the bush presidency in ' 08 ) it 's sure left an enduring mark . 
  [ no kidding . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stewart_baker ) you 'd think neocons and their rotten ideas would 've just quietly withered away after the catastrophe that was the bush jr. . administration , but nope . 
  i think you mean protest * against * orthodox christmas . 
  i was all ready to be happily surprised at kosovar multiculturalism apparently not being a facade but alas . 
  not quite . 
  any state on this earth with combat aircraft could deploy them practically anywhere if they had a sympathetic regime on the ground that was willing to build an airbase for them . 
  what i meant was that russia does not want to gain territory for its own sake . 
  a corridor to crimea might 've been handy in many ways but it 'd mean escalating sanctions and a need to maintain an economically backward region of the variety of which russia already has too many and might mean possibly facing a massive insurgency . 
  conquering territory for its own sake has been out of style for ages now because it does n't make economic ( and mostly also not military ) sense , mostly only ideological ( see for example japan , italy and germany in wwii ) . 
  crimea is n't a proverbial anschluss or sudetenland situation . 
  russia depends on economic ties with the west , those can sustain damage if needed but putin will take care not to sever them . 
  building a bridge to crimea as well as new energy facilities is a much lower cost to pay than paying for the upkeep of huge new ( hostile ) territory like southern ukraine would 've been . 
  putin could 've simply looked at a demographic map of the region and he would 've already easily come to the conclusion that the land corridor would n't become a reality and even if it could it would n't be worth the effort . 
  quite probably these were considerations made and donbass was always planned as a way to sabotage ukraine rather than as a territory to be annexed . 
  between the end of the napoleonic wars and the crimean war russian influence on continental powers was rather overbearing ( though i would hesitate to apply the term superpower to any state before 1945 ) . 
   when has russia ( barring postww2 soviet union days ) been a superpower ? 
  even in 1914 when they were all gun-ho about jumping on the austrians , they got beaten - and badly . 
  beaten by germany , which was also beating france and great britain for much of the war . 
  russia consistently beat austria ( and the ottoman empire ) and mauled its army so badly that austria was effectively a german vassal with little power of its own by late 1916 . 
  by late 1916 russia 's army was in training , leadership , and armaments better than it had been in 1914 and the front was stabilized ( and much easier to defend than it was earlier in the war ) . 
  russia collapsed due to similar reasons that germany did somewhat later : shortages , exhaustion and overwhelming socio-economic issues . 
   i say , ukraine is actually proof that russia is no longer a superpower . 
  i agree that russia is n't a superpower but that reasoning is very much a stretch . 
  russia employed local rebels , irregulars and occasional elements of regular military formations , it seems quite obvious that a full on conquest of southern ukraine ( rather than a festering frozen conflict ) was n't on the agenda even though they might 've wished for a wider local insurgency than the one that actually occurred . 
  just make a comparison with the crimea operation and russia 's use and composition of forces in donbass . 
  russia could 've taken southern ukraine a hundred times over if they wanted it but they clearly did n't because there 's very little to gain . 
  people talk about a renewed russian empire but it seems quite clear that putin really does n't care about gaining territories for its own sake without consideration of their symbolic and strategic value and the costs associated with procuring them . 
   of course they wo n't sell significantly populated areas but they have vast amounts of unpopulated land . 
  the chinese need land . 
  actual land to build stuff and develop agriculture . 
  vast amounts of unpopulated land that 's rather inhospitable , unsuitable for agriculture ( barring outer manchuria ) and not directly bordered by china . 
  even if russia was open to the idea of chinese development of the area they 're not going to cede sovereignty of areas that are integral parts of russia and have been for hundreds of years . 
   have you heard of alaska ? 
  ... that was in the 19th century ... in incomparably different unique circumstances i might as well say that greece wants to conquer western asia minor by pointing to the greco-turkish war on 1923 . 
  maybe but that 's not really the point . 
  china can view russia as the junior partner in this whole thing but that does n't mean that it regards that relationship as being without value . 
  russia is n't going to sell russian-populated territory full of natural resources to china . 
  no country on earth would sell significant territories to an outside power , least of all a country as nationalist as russia . 
  possibly , but part of being a superpower is having the capability to effectively project conventional military power around the globe , an ability russia really has n't had for nearly three decades now . 
  that 's debatable . 
  no power has ever used nukes since 1945 and even threatening to use them is very much a danger and turns you into an international pariah . 
  they 're very much a brute force tool . 
  russia 's capability to project conventional military power far from their borders has declined enormously since the soviet period . 
  their navy for instance has heavily declined and they currently only have one operational aircraft carrier and it 's over thirty years old . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  the time of pro-actively seizing territory you do n't have a ( semi - ) reasonable claim on has been over for ages now . 
  china is n't going to be grabbing random parts of russia 's far east . 
  there 's no demographic , historical or geopolitical justification for it and the costs would be far greater than the potential benefits . 
  china does n't lose anything by russia annexing crimea , if anything they 've massively benefited by it in way of the energy deal . 
  i got really annoyed by all that hysterical speculation about russia wanting to secure an overland corridor to crimea to which mariupol was supposedly the key ( despite being hundreds of kilometers away from kherson oblast ) or even wanting to incorporate the entirety of southern ukraine . 
  russia ate the cost of the crimean annexation because crimea holds meaning to russians and has strategic worth . 
  putin was never going to risk the escalation and costs of running such a severely depressed industrial region as southern ukraine and paying for millions of pensions for its ( majority non-russian ) inhabitants . 
  sure but that 's not the point . 
  the point is that yanukovych ( for all his corruption , crimes etc. ), 
  was n't a dictator or a strongman like putin or lukashenko . 
  lukashenko 's power base is vastly more secure than that of yanukovych and belarus is much more authoritarian than ukraine was even under yanukovych . 
  it should be noted that azerbaijan and kazakhstan are petrostates , like russia their problem is mostly a decline in energy prices while belarus and armenia are extremely small economies intimately connected to the russian economy to the point that russia 's economic downturn has extreme influences them . 
  ukraine 's economy has collapsed from all the political turmoil ( including euromaidan ) , russia 's did from sanctions and an energy price collapse . 
  i 'm pretty sure they did n't . 
  ukraine had been a halfway-functioning democracy ; yanukovych got in by being elected and would probably not have clung to power beyond his term even if euromaidan had n't happened . 
  of course it does n't . 
  i despise putin 's russia ; i just do n't agree with this notion that turkey is held to any kind of high standard . 
  if you 're being deliberately obtuse and try your very hardest to not see the obvious implication here , sure . 
  if we specifically targeted ( for example ) 100,000 indonesians ( we 'd hitherto tolerated ) because indonesia is trying to commemorate some colonial atrocity we committed i 'd say yeah . 
  that 'd be pretty flagrant ultranationalist bigotry . 
  stop being deliberately obtuse please . 
  deporting 100,000 armenians because you do n't like armenians / = / deporting illegal immigrants for its own sake . 
  yeah sorry i phrased it wrongly . 
   its illegal to let non-turkish citizens to work without permission but they let them because erdogan administration is so pro-armanian yup , erdogan sure is pro-armenian . 
  yup , that 's definitely been turkish policy these last few years , pro-armenian all the way . 
   ( yet we still have closed borders lol ) . 
  which is still pretty hilariously hypocritical considering the nagorno-karabakh situation being a near-parallel of the turkish invasion of cyprus . 
   so its the usual bullshit but he is not threating armanians at all . 
  even if he did threaten its nothing to do with nationality since he is talking about illegal workers . 
  100,000 people of armenian ethnicity and nationality . 
  that he is * specifically targeting * because of their ethnicity and nationality . 
   the turkish interfere was fully justified after greek cypriots hunting turkish cypriots on the streets for decades and after the greek military junta and all that stuff . 
  even if one accepts that premise ( which is shifty to begin with ) there 's absolutely nothing to excuse four decades of occupation and a deliberate policy of ethnic cleansing . 
   fyi international community after the event put sanctions on turkey . 
  which have mostly petered out and never meant much to begin with . 
  at this point in time there 's concerted negotiations going on that treat the creation of turkish colonialism ( the trnc ) as an equal party in negotiations with the legitimate government of cyprus . 
  we 're pretty much treating the result of turkish aggression as semi-legitimate . 
  he threatened to specifically target armenians in a mass deportation . 
  it 's not literally all armenians , more specifically it 's all armenian non-citizens , you 're right in that regard but that 's largely a matter of semantics in this case .
