  public vocal support for the annexation of crimea seems unworthy of any artist , even trashy ones . 
  promoting soviet nostalgia in lithuania seems mightily insensitive to begin with . 
  lithuania has far and away the least problems with its russian minority out of all the baltic states ( and at 6 % it 's also the smallest ) but it still does n't need some rabble-rouser coming in and stirring up that kind of trouble in the context of russia 's renewed jingoism . 
   yeah ? 
  look at the maris , the mordvins , the udmurts , the komis - all are being actively russified . 
  the north caucasus is just lucky to live in the hemisphere , so it 's easier to fight for your rights !, 
  1989-2010 * mari-el republic : demographics have n't significantly changed , ethnic balance is exactly where it was . 
  * mordovia : russians have declined by over a fifth . 
  mordvins are where they were . 
  * udmurtia : a 3 percentage point drop , this meaning a decline of slightly less than 20 % in the udmurt population . 
  an overall decline of 80,000 . 
  * komi republic : decline in both the amount of russians and komi , demographic balance exactly the same as it was . 
  literally the only people you 're even remotely right on in this case is the udmurts . 
   the ethnic balance may have stayed the same , but despite their ethnicity , many ethnic groups basically speak russian as their first language and local language as a second language . 
  oh my god . 
  they 're ... they 're bilingual !, 
  the horror !, 
   it 's not , it 's actually how things are !, 
  yes , i know things are pretty different in your fantasy world . 
   with great satan ? 
  the heck ? 
  to be quite frank your viewpoint on russia and russians does n't seem to stem from an honest attempt at understanding and an honest appraisal of the realities inside of the russian federation . 
  it 's extremely clear that your views on both russia and russians are based on you perceiving them as essentially evil . 
  all conclusions and opinions you have on them stem from that . 
   because i 'm stunned by your ignorant generalizations and exaggerations . 
  say fewer stupid things and propose fewer stupid ideas and i 'll stop mocking you for doing so . 
  me mentioning the prospect of ethnic conflict in a situation where you 'd provide every reason for it to appear is still neither a generalization or an exaggeration . 
   and all of these have a right to self determination !, 
  which is a very nice , moralistic , shouty soundbite that has nothing to do with what i 'm saying . 
   i 've read it , it does n't comply to your pov . 
  deny reality all you want . 
   i knew it had little to do with law . 
  i 'm quite well aware of the relevant laws as well , i thought that spoke for itself . 
  but law is subject to interpretation ( international law in particular ) and if go looking at it with the intent to justify a position ( based on personal biases ) you already had beforehand you 're going to come to some pretty wrong conclusions regardless of your formal or informal education . 
   yeah , sure . 
  if i want criminals arrested , you will say that i want people stripped from their liberties . 
  if i say i want people fined for speeding , you will say i am a communist , who wants to take away property from the people . 
  i mean , you are a master at exaggeration !, 
  you are literally advocating that people 's political rights should be based on their ethnicity . 
  once you start setting up societies according to that maxim it becomes easier and easier to take that concept further . 
  why do you think not a single respectable western country follows your preferred policy of only enfranchising the one true ethnicity ? 
   it 's still an exaggeration to the degree that would be certainly frowned upon in a court of law . 
  we 're not in a court of law . 
   yeah , because they are at the hemisphere and are fighting for separation . 
  muh same x3 blatantly untrue for any part of russia except chechnya and even that has been relatively stable for a decade . 
  i know it 's comfortable to believe this nonsense but it simply does n't correspond to reality . 
   yet their autonomy was still stripped . 
  it was cut down from its high point in the 90s . 
  it 's still significant and dramatically more then it was . 
  and again this does n't contradict the point i 'm making . 
   i really do n't know whether to lol or to cry anymore ... 
  i 'd say stick to your attitude of being constantly morally outraged at everyone who 's slightly less overemotional than you about minority groups , it seems to be serving you well . 
   relatively close to dutch . 
  which is fairly irrelevant , they are to dutch as dutch could have been to german . 
  as ukrainian and belorussian for instance are to russian . 
  there 's no sharp difference between languages and dialects other than convention . 
   dialects and language varieties and related minority languages are diminishing in every country . 
  that is indeed a trend , however forcefully assimilating real indigenous minorities is not a trend , it 's an intentional policy . 
  an intentional policy that has n't been applied in the case of russia , even in the widest possible sense of of the term , since 1991 . 
  hell , even in the soviet union were you could suppose that russification ( more sovietifcation but i digress ) was pursued many minority groups still saw a solid growth in their numbers . 
  1926-89 for example bashkir , chuvash and ( volga ) tatar populations expanded at a faster or equal rate to that of russians . 
   so , you comfortably included the lone examples at the hemisphere and the strongest of these nations i picked a random few out of a hat ... many of them are around the south-west and the western center of the country but that 's simply because russia is n't that diverse of a country beyond that . 
   and only looked at ethnic demographics and not the political and educational and social statuses of these languages ... 
  i have looked at them . 
  also every single time i mention official status you moan that i 'm being naive , so it 's pretty weird that you bring up educational and social status now . 
  the status of most are markedly improved compared to the soviet period . 
  most children are educated in russian but that 's pretty natural since it 's a language that 's pretty handy to know in a country with russian as its sole national language . 
  let 's look at some random figures again * an estimated 77 % of udmurts speak the udmurt language . 
  * tatar is spoken by virtually all tatars . 
  * bashkir is spoken by roughly three quarters of baskhir . 
  * 450,000 out of 530,000 russian ossetians speak ossetic . 
  there are some that are definitely endangered like kalmyk , and the two mordvin languages , where only around half of the ethnic groups speak their ` native ' language . 
  but even then that 's not the whole story either , ukraine is n't any less united against russia for the fact that half its population or so is russophone , ireland is not any less irish because it is anglophone . 
  language and self-identification are n't that closely intertwined . 
   luckily it 's being revived now to a degree . 
  as have most minority languages in russia since 1991 . 
   the naivety ... 
  yes , facts , figures , understanding , objectivity , and an honest appraisal of things instead of demonization and othering . 
  naivety , right . 
   they have been notoriously bad at it from the beginning . 
  ` bad ' in this case refers to the fact that there 's quite obviously little to no russification going on since the statistics simply do n't support that premise . 
   they may succeed in their results , but they will also get the entire hemisphere alienated . 
  yes , they 'll succeed in getting the kalmykia , the north caucasus , tatarstan and beyond russified , by steadily moving into the exact opposite direction . 
  crafty people those russians . 
   russification is the key reason many states have seceded from this state . 
  no , the reason is that the soviet union was dissolved which meant that every member-state was independent regardless . 
   why , `` i was just exaggerating to prove a point . '', 
  there 's a wide difference between exaggerating and being simply wrong . 
  be as deliberately obtuse as you want , though . 
  still honestly hilarious . 
   in a willing democracy , maybe . 
  outside democracies as well . 
   but even then the right of self determination includes the right to independence . 
  it really does n't . 
  practically nowhere on the planet does it mean that barring very specific exceptions like the uk . 
   there is a major qualitative and quantitative difference with russia . 
  yes , there 's the qualitative difference that russia is your great satan and everywhere else is n't . 
   rest my case . 
  your point being ? 
  you 've not proven anything .
