  that 's an actual serious religion and not a petulant 12 year old 's idea of edgy rebelliousness ... so yes . 
  i 'm all for equal treatment of religions but this whole ` movement ' is just infantile . 
  and since wwii no such incidents had been used to carve out vassal states like nato did to serbia . 
  nato was also pretty adamant about making serbia vacate its own province ( and not being allowed to fight an active , extremely violent , sectarian insurgency ) and vaguely promising independence to kosovar albanians even before any actual ethnic cleansing took place . 
  not to mention that kosovo is hardly unique in having experienced ethnic conflict of this kind ( nagorno-karabakh , bosnia-herzegovina , croatia etc. ) . 
  regardless of the justifications though , as i said , nato is equally ready to violate international law and carve out territory for its vassals when it feels justified . 
  nato was the first to pro-actively overturn post-war european borders ( apart from yugoslavia and the ussr disintegrating ) and opening said pandora 's box . 
  russia 's overturning of international borders can certainly said to be somewhat more self-serving than nato 's ( though the us/nato is no doubt thrilled at kosovo being practically a vassal state ) but let 's not act like russia committed the original sin here . 
  it feels all this bickering is somewhat nonsensical . 
  every party in the minsk agreement was perfectly well aware that it would n't cover crimea . 
  whatever one might think of its annexation this whole argument where crimea and minsk are linked is kind of pointless . 
  thanks for the requisite bad history . 
  that precedent was already set when nato bombed and dismembered serbia to set up an ` independent ' kosovo . 
  of course after that we all pretended that kosovo was totally unique and had absolutely no discernible parallels with south-ossetia , nagorno-karabakh , transnistria , abkhazia etc. 
  and the us/nato stance on the matter comes down to ` yes we broke international law but we honestly promise never to do it again ( * pinky swear * ) and nobody else can do it either ' . 
  the specific justifications might 've been more just in the case of kosovo but let 's not pretend ` we ' care anymore about international law or respecting borders ( when we feel justified in breaking those principles ) than the russians do . 
  we 've already accepted that nato can alter borders of weak countries at will and that was what opened this pandora 's box and has helped embolden separatists everywhere . 
  well do n't count on it . 
  turkey happily got away with northern cyprus , russia will get away with crimea . 
  neither region is much the better for it and both became increasingly isolated and economically destitute , but muh nationalism was served , so hey . 
  the sanctions will gradually whither away unless the us turns massively more bellicose which is n't going to happen if the republicans keep being so self-destructive . 
  plus people forget that gorbachev was actively undermining the ussr by trying to push through such comprehensive reforms and it was in part the russian sfsr itself which caused the ussr 's collapse . 
  states like the russian federation and the soviet union do n't disintegrate unless ( partly ) they themselves let it happen . 
  kyiv needs their one-time agreement over constitutional reform pertaining specifically to the resolving of the conflict and the form of autonomy they 're going to get . 
  it 's obviously not an ideal situation for various reasons but it 's somewhat sensible if you want to resolve this issue in the long term . 
  well most russians would have memories of the period after those two , which was notably milder . 
  well this was bound to happen . 
  donbass has sufficiently wound down to the point of not garnering much international attention anymore . 
  at some point most countries will phase out the sanctions and we 'll return to business as usual unless some really bellicose republican ends up as president in the us . 
  the argentinian argument on that is that the current population are settlers , not native . 
  which is of course an absolutely ludicrous argument to use in that part of the world , doubly so considering the fact that the falklands have been primarily inhabited by people of british ancestry for over 150 years now . 
  i get that he feels that ultimately the uk needs a working relationship with argentina and the urge he might have to compromise on issues such as this where the current situation does n't really benefit the uk . 
  still , the argentinian claim to the falklands is shaky at best and falklanders ( who are overwhelmingly of british ancestry ) have time and again demonstrated that they have absolutely no wish to be under argentina 's administration . 
   i think we argued about this , right ? 
  ethnically they are not , they 're cypriots as greek cypriots . 
  turkish cypriots are cypriots that converted to islam , banished groups and individuals who got mixed with the locals and some kapikulus who got married with aristocrat catholics on the island , and than mixed moe through the generations . 
  even the banished ones are not colonisers since nobody had moved to cyprus because of joy but simply because they got banished - eh , they all got mixed with the locals anyway so , there are no colonisers , end of the story . 
  semantics . 
  the turkish cypriots are a population imposed by a foreign power and the result of turkish colonisation . 
  their exact genetic makeup matters very little . 
  i 'm sure quite a few crimean tatars assimilated into russians as well , that does n't change the fact that the russians being there in large numbers is ultimately a result of colonialism same as turks in cyprus . 
  which ultimately goes for practically every population of every group everywhere , but apparently there 's a magical unspecified arbitrary number of years you have to have been the majority in the area before you 're really ` native ' , the number of years being mostly dependent on where the personal sympathies of the person to be convinced lie . 
   russian majority is new to crimea and there are dramatic changes after the stalin 's deportation - so , things are a bit different mate . 
  and the turkish majority is ` new ' to izmir in the same way . 
  you ca n't turn the clock back to an arbitrary point in the past where you ` feel ' that the demographic/ethnic balance was somehow ` fair ' and declare that the current wishes of the majority population do n't matter , it 's ludicrous . 
  the russians are the biggest group in crimea and have been for a century at this point . 
  the south caucasus is included , as a courtesy it might be , but included nonetheless . 
  the case for cyprus being in europe is equally shoddy as well but articles about it get passed around here as well , as do ones about asian russia . 
  god i hope not . 
  aliyev is welcome to rob his fiefdom blind , i do n't give a damn , but if energy prices are on the long down-term anyway could we stop pretending that kleptocratic autocracies like azerbaijan ( currently is ) are partners of any real worth ? 
  partnering with azerbaijan and handing the aliyev-clan legitimacy is a surefire way of * not * resolving anything in the caucasus and would again show that the west has absolutely no standards in picking its allies . 
  the south caucasus is on the map in the top right hand corner , so regardless of geography there 's nothing wrong with this being posted . 
   not really since north cyprus and crimea are not comparable . 
  you 're right , russia did n't have to commit ethnic cleansing in crimea like turkey did in cyprus . 
   first , turkish cypriots are not colonisers if you see the russians as colonisers than the turkish cypriots are as well . 
   that came in the last century russians are n't that new to crimea . 
  they 've been the plurality for over 100 years now . 
  the crimean tatars were a gigantic 19 % of the population in the last census before they were deported by stalin . 
  dashcams : dddddddddddd have we now completed the trifecta of tired memes about russia ? 
  it 's pretty much devoid of judgement on my part as well , just mentioning how the russians might experience tearing down lenins and having their citizenship revoked . 
  though of course any nuance added ( as far as these subjects go ) here is immediately ripped out of its context , understood as a statement in and of itself , and taken as putinism or sympathy for bolshevism ( or whatever it is that gets these people feeling righteous ) and downvoted into oblivion . 
  ca n't know that . 
  that might 've been but they could 've also gone the way of portugal , greece or spain ( i.e. 
  stagnation and long-term isolation ) . 
  for example , all three of the baltics had right-wing dictatorships ( still vastly better than soviet stooges mind you ) at the helm prior to being invaded . 
   i can understand many things . 
  i can understand why many muslims want christians and gays to be put to death for example . 
  i can understand how many former slave owners might have resented the end of slavery and missed the good old days . 
  they can still fuck off . 
  good attitude to take . 
  it 's worked wonders for reconciliation in eastern europe , that 's for sure . 
  everyone else can fuck off and die , because i 'm right and they 're wrong . 
  wonderfully enlightened . 
   oh that old bullshit again . 
  uh-huh . 
   and seriously , lenins being pulled down makes him support russia ? 
  is it really that difficult to understand that russians still in large part identify with the soviet-era and tearing down lenin-statues in nationalist fervor just might cause some resentment from the russians ? 
   what ? 
  here , lenin statues in public places are seen as a symbol of backwardness and frozen mentality . 
  estonia is also the country that made the majority of its russophone population non-citizens overnight and has significant issues with discrimination of russians . 
   sources told the paper ` arguments deployed in support of the referendum `` closely resembled '' known russian propaganda . ' i 'd say that they 're looking at this the wrong way . 
  the reason the arguments closely resemble known russian propaganda is probably because russia 's good at zeroing in on credible criticism of the eu ( and enlarging it beyond proportion ) of this kind . 
  russia did n't invent criticism of the eu . 
  russian anti-eu propaganda does n't predate anti-eu sentiment of this kind , they use these kinds of arguments because they 're viable criticisms of the eu and they also occur independently of russia . 
  to be fair though , abkhazia is n't ( wholly ) russia 's fault . 
  the abkhazians and georgians had plenty of beef with eachother and it was the abkhazians themselves who started the war with georgia and cleansed abkhazia of its ( then plurality ) georgian population . 
  with that history behind it even if russia had let georgia get away with shelling russians peacekeepers and had let them come in and reintegrate abkhazia by force the results probably would n't be pretty . 
  by the way , does n't abkhazia get a ton of russian tourism or is that mostly confined to resort towns and the like ? 
  then you remember wrongly . 
  there 's no proof of that and as far as i can find no credible allegations to that effect . 
  geert wilders ' party 's ( the pvv ) most controversial donors so far come from within the us and israel . 
   in syria its all assad . 
  barrel bombing civilians was deliberate plan to push sunni population out of country , its his only option to win . 
  nonsense , assad ca n't possibly achieve that or want to achieve that . 
  it 's also hilarious to suggest assad is the only problem when syria is being swarmed by foreign militants that get support from various foreign powers . 
  sunni muslims made up 60 % of the population directly prior to the war . 
  they 're probably still the plurality of the population even within government territory and a good part of them are loyal to the government regardless of alewites being slightly favored by the assad regime . 
  assad is not going to drive out the majority population of syria . 
  he still desires to rule it in the end . 
  i would n't call geenstijl extreme right wing .
