  which for example threatens the welfare states as the population ages . 
  at which point what 's the solution developed countries adopt ... immigration  immigration from non-western countries is n't a solution , never has been . 
  people without ( language ) skills , whom we need to provide housing to , whom we need to spend tens of thousands on to integrate , who claim benefits disproportionately , who segregate themselves etc. 
  are n't ideal material to provide for our pensions . 
  even if they were , it requires an idiotically large amount of immigration . 
  it 's been estimated that the netherlands would have to have a population of 100 million in 2100 if it wanted to maintain the same demographic balance between age groups as it does now . 
  immigration from non-western countries is a cost , not a benefit . 
  the point i 'm also trying to make is that demographic balance matters . 
  if the netherlands contained +50 % people who considered themselves ( primarily ) non-dutch that would matter , kosovo becoming majority albanian mattered , bosnia & herzegovina becoming majority non-serb mattered , syria 's population ballooning to the point where it became extremely vulnerable to shocks in food prices mattered and was partly the cause of a civil war . 
  you can decide for yourselves that esoteric talk about european values , or the supposed intrinsic values of multiculturalism will somehow mean that people newly-arrived from syria will one massively convert to the gospel of europe or whatever but if you do n't mind i myself will remain skeptic . 
  probably several factors . 
  * anti-leftism from their experience of the communist era * a sense of having lived through an enormously tough time in the 90s and not themselves having left then * the eu trying to push through refugee redistribution * their countries already being a relatively small percentage of the nominal ethnic group ( latvia and estonia mostly ) due to another supranational union pushing immigration * some from more homogeneous countries ( poland for example ) with little experience of multiculturalism will look at the difficulties western countries are having with the integration of muslim minorities and decide for themselves that they 'd rather not import those issues, 
  malthus ' predictions being overtaken by events after his death means nothing beyond that itself and does n't invalidate any and all concerns about population size/density , quality of life ( specifically in immaterial terms , i.e. 
  natural beauty , pollution and the like ) and the relation between them . 
  `` we have limited resources which despite international trading we ca n't stretch indefinitely to accommodate international immigration '' / = / `` we need to conquer land to achieve full agricultural autarky from international markets '', 
  by calling everyone nazis , good job . 
   yeah , it 's not as though the uk had any role at all in the arbitrary borders of the middle east that are the root of most sectarian strife or anything . 
  yes . 
  the current situation in syria obviously has everything to do with borders that have been mostly stable for nearly a hundred years now rather than syria vastly exceeding its carrying capacity in people without ever becoming economically advanced enough to be able to cope with shocks in food prices without major social upheavals . 
  i 'm sure it makes you feel all fuzzy and warm inside when you defend people 's rights to reproduction but to claim that syria 's crisis has absolutely no demographic element is ludicrous . 
  besides , would n't syria 's multiculturalism be a major strength in the worldview of people who claim that europe can just absorb millions of muslim immigrants without real consequences ? 
  would n't it be a major strength that the borders france and britain drew for them contained such diverse and rich cultures ? 
  exactly when have enough years gone by before syria becomes responsible for its own misgovernment ? 
  nice nazi reference there . 
  i mean it 's completely meaningless , idiotic , and superfluous but at least you 've underhandedly called everyone who disagrees with you a nazi . 
   i 've also seen this argument used a lot for the uk itself . 
  our population density is 246/km2 . 
  the netherlands has 394/km2 - need i point out that it still maintains a reputation as an agricultural powerhouse despite this ? 
  these people are n't heading to wales , scotland or northern ireland . 
  they 're heading to england ( more specifically and worse , the area around london mostly ) , which has the netherlands beat and actually is the most densely populated country in europe barring malta ( which is n't in an enviable situation either ) . 
  but if you want to live in a country made purely of concrete jungle , greenhouses , grazing cows , and agricultural land that 's your business . 
  as someone who actually lives in the netherlands i find our situation as far as nature goes to be unsatisfactory to say the least . 
   but there are so many countries that manage a much higher density of people than ours and not only get away with it but thrive . 
  is there really no actual , physical space on this map ? 
  if you want to find every piece of ` unused ' land and plant down cities there to facilitate half the world 's excess population coming to europe i honestly do n't know what to tell you . 
  i 'll start stockpiling the brooms then . 
  i 've already taken a course in yelling ` bang bang ' so once the brooms are in i 'll feel secure . 
  well , we 're not a transit country . 
  only a destination country in which there 's far lower interest ( even proportionally ) than germany . 
  whomever comes here and fulfills the requirements for asylum will get asylum . 
  eh , i would n't put much trust in those numbers being accurate for army size pre-17th century . 
  raising an army that size and keeping it supplied is monstrously difficult and i 'm not quite sure 16th century muscovy had the institutions and organization to do such a thing . 
  actual statistics and data hopefully ? 
  i mean it 'd be pretty odd if we based policy around shocking photography . 
  though the eu suddenly did change their mediterranean boat policy because a bunch of migrants died all at once from their big boat sinking instead of dying spread apart because of a bunch of smaller boats sinking independently of one another so yeah it 's pretty likely that these images will actually change europe as idiotic as it is . 
  and yes , al jazeera clearly has a leftwing agenda as far as what they 'd like europe to do that does n't really jibe with the domestic policies of their overlords in qatar but that in itself is not indictment of the merits of an opinion piece . 
  it only works in the sense that putin does n't care as much about the actual situation or the costs thereof as much as he does about appearances and putin is n't in any way really accountable to his people . 
  the 2nd chechen war was a disaster in every possible way and nothing was ever really resolved . 
  well serbia is also merely a transit country . 
  no one is applying for asylum to them . 
  well ( for the sake of the argument , there 's nuances here but whatever ) yes , but the point is that it did n't solve anything . 
  they could n't kill everyone who opposed them because the brutality of the war meant that they were creating generations of new enemies along the way . 
  if you 've ever read anything by anna politkovskaya on the chechen war you 'll find that the whole thing was massively damaging to the economy , to the veterans , to russia-chechen relations , ethnic tensions etc. 
  russia still basically rules through a local satrap ( noted thug , war criminal , assassin etc. 
  ramzan kadyrov who previously led anti-russia militias ) by flooding him with massive subsidies . 
  are we to intervene militarily every time a country misgovern its way into a civil war or some other catastrophe ? 
  i 'm guessing op got high off his first experience with leftism ? 
  that 's pretty ambitious considering the trouble it 's taking to force through even modest migrant distribution schemes . 
  well no . 
  the eu has no mechanism for forcing this quota through and if eu members refuse then germany and sweden will just carry more and more of the burden which i doubt the other countries would have much of an issue with . 
  ( changed my comment to something i thought funnier , excuse me )  i really do n't understand the superior atheist ( with bold ) mindset , that hates and criticize christianity with fervor , but somehow is ok with islam , because you know , crusades also happened . 
  well there 's little of that here currently . 
  lots more equating of the two religions , with the obligatory mention of breivik ( who really is n't christian in any meaningful way as much as he is a kneejerk reactionist but that 's besides the point ) of course . 
  immigrants from / r/atheism are threatening / r/europe traditional non-circlejerk identity . 
  thanks for making this a default sub , admins . 
   that 's pretty much how russia handled chechnya . 
  not really . 
  russia 's strategy there was pretty much to roll over them with overwhelming and indiscriminate force , leave conscripts to commit as many war crimes as they 'd like and then hand over power to ` loyal ' chechens so they could carry on their own civil war with the ` rebel ' chechens . 
  i mean orthodoxy as in orthodoxy . 
  not to mention that the orthodoxy for many people here seem to be to be passionately attached to many policies considered left-wing ( high social spending , subsidized healthcare , subsidized/free education etc. ), 
  as far as social policies go but being less inclined towards most other aspects as for example ( traditionally ) leftist internationalism , refugee rights , multiculturalism etc. 
  hardly surprising . 
  german citizenship already gave you much better ( economic , socio-economic , security etc. ), 
  prospects than syrian citizenship ( outside of subjective factors like culture and value thereof ) even before syria was wrecked by several years of debilitating civil war . 
  no doubt these people will want to see syria again at some point but wanting to build up something of a life in a country like germany rather than risk everything again to try to rebuild their lives in a country as disintegrated and destabilized like syria is quite understandable . 
  could you please not post absolute trash from a third-rate conspiracy website that does n't even bother with formatting , grammar or spellchecks ? 
  hell the article itself is a repost from www.davidicke.com of all places . 
  some of the gems to be found in op 's link :  [ israel is a rothschild/city of london/banker military base ] ( http://africanagenda.net/israel-is-a-rothschildcity-of-londonbanker-military-base/ )  [ lords of the dark ring of power ] ( http://africanagenda.net/lords-of-the-dark-ring-of-power/ )  [ the new world order ] ( http://africanagenda.net/climate-change-lies-for-totalitarian-world-order/ )  [ you are a dream i am dreaming ] ( http://africanagenda.net/you-are-a-dream-i-am-dreaming/ ), 
   what difference does it make honestly syrians have more legitimate reasons for an asylum claim and are far less likely to be rejected . 
   all of these people are escaping very poor and/or unstable countries many of which are classified as safe . 
  a lot of these people have no chance at being given citizenship and just clog up the system with hopeless requests for asylum . 
   and are in need of help . 
  debatable . 
  no doubt their situation is n't enviable by western standards but a line has to be drawn somewhere . 
  we ca n't accept the excess population of half the world because these people live in poverty or without prospects . 
  taking in masses of people who have no legitimate reason for claiming asylum is the least efficient way of using funds in a humanitarian way and ultimately damages the countries they come from . 
   do people think that afghans and nigerians are travelling all the way to europe for fun ? 
  though i do think they do it based on myths about europe and their prospects there . 
  besides , these people risking their lives on a hopeless cause does n't oblige us to ignore the rules for claiming asylum and just give them everything they want . 
  edit : oh right , you were the person who posted that hilariously shitty article about the supposedly [ 8 most racist cities in europe ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3j894g/8_most_racist_cities_in_europe/ ) . 
  i do n't know why i bothered . 
  not to mention that population figure is clearly wrong . 
  brussels has a population of over a million . 
  their figure seems to come from an alternate reality that google [ created for them ] ( https://www.google.nl/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;rlz=1c1giwa_ennl593nl593&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=utf-8#q=brussels+population&amp;stick=h4siaaaaaaaaagoovnz8bqmdwymohiuo_vx9a0nz8yotrexkk_2c_oteksz8pp3ieibdxjkznjgtx5sadhsyksgvkm0by3yxmnhbnqqrozgtmqwcni2mxowgjdngbato69g-ywepiftx_9nmvggyrljoigpjeqdrmnfl_waaaa ) in which brussels catastrophically lost 85 % of its population in 2000-2001 . 
   ** although the entire country is considered one of the most racists in all of europe ** , dortmund in particular has a bad reputation with foreign immigrants especially jews . 
  huh , til . 
  thank you , shady website that ca n't even be bothered to run a spellcheck . 
  yeah , the article is complete trash . 
  there 's no real metrics or logic to the ranking just a bunch of statements like `` these guys really hate foreigners , trust me guise '' . 
  because at the very best that assertion is gross simplification .
