  he served much more of his sentence than safarov did and it should be noted that many ( wrongly ) thought he was actually innocent while azeris knew full well safarov murdered an armenian and applauded him for it . 
   oh boy do you really want to go down this route ? 
  i hate to compare the heinousness of crimes to try to vindicate one side , but i ca n't possibly see how one can argue that a. safarov did n't have a cause , or b. that if garabedian had one and safarov did in fact not that makes one inherently different than the other in terms of its heinousness . 
  safarov had a cause , and that was his hatred of armenians . 
  garabedian had a cause too , his hatred of turks . 
  safarov took his hatred out on a soldier , garabedian took it out on multiple civilians . 
  once again i hate making this argument because murdering a soldier in a non-war situation is awful , but you brought the topic up . 
  yeah it was a shifty line of reasoning and basically a flawed argument that i can see i only really used because i 'm somewhat more sympathetic to the armenians . 
  i 'd already edited it out . 
   i agree that azerbaijan has done all of that and is responsible for much of the conflict , but to act as if zero responsibility falls on the armenians to make amends after incidents like khojaly or the occupation of azeri lands is pretty disingenuous . 
  i do n't think zero responsibility falls on the armenians but azerbaijan is acting like all armenia has to do is withdraw for this whole issue to be resolved . 
  which is nonsense because azerbaijan has massively fueled anti-armenian sentiment , not cooled it and has a long history of dumping colonists on armenian-populated regions and disrespecting even the limited autonomy armenians had . 
  i find the obsession with khojaly ( and the terminology used ; ` genocide ' ? 
  really ? ), 
  to be farcical in a conflict as rife with anti-armenian pogroms and mutual ethnic cleansing . 
  of course armenia should do more to reconcile but azerbaijan ( which stands to gain the most ) has done nothing to start a process of reconciliation . 
  in fact it has everything in its power to prevent it with farcical measures like a ban on all people of armenian descent from entering the country . 
  measures that have no practical effect but to show hatred . 
  i agree that i often come off as one-sided so to clarify : yes , armenia can be more cooperative ( though i 'd hazard to say the aliyev-regime ca n't be relied on to reciprocate much ) and armenia had its fair share of abuses . 
  i sometimes get frustrated when people convey this conflict as another russian machination or a simple armenian aggression when its nothing of the sort so maybe i then swing too much to the other side of the argument sometimes . 
  which is n't connected to azerbaijan in any way and occured in very different circumstances , garabedian actually being pardoned by the french on condition of deportation where safarov was pardoned by azerbaijan themselves ( after false promises to the contrary ) . 
  besides all of this is irrelevant . 
  who and what armenia honors is n't relevant if the issue is one of returning armenians to the sovereignty of a baku that repeatedly persecutes them without apology or restraint . 
  it is azerbaijan that insists it is a multicultural wonderland and that armenians are safe with them and nagorno-karabakh can and should be returned tomorrow , yet meanwhile baku does everything in its power to persecute armenians . 
  it is azerbaijan that must prove that armenians are safe in azerbaijan ; so far it has quite deliberately done the exact opposite . 
  who were mostly gradually assimilated and not systematically cleansed like turkey did to armenians and greeks during the late-ottoman and early republican periods ( though honestly this entire tangent is getting really far off-topic and the way these issues were brought up seems like / r/europe 's usual turkophobia ) . 
  okay , i 'll humour you . 
  let 's break down what i said : * armenia occupies most of nagorno-karabakh , plus surrounding territories . 
  * azerbaijan 's economic and military strength has grown enormously by way of an unsustainable oil-boom . 
  armenia has weakened in comparison . 
  * both sides have hundreds of thousands of refugees . 
  * azerbaijan is commited to an anti-armenian course which is shown by way of propaganda , denying all armenians access to the country , destruction of cultural heritage etc. 
  i do n't see how these collectively consist of the ` armenian nationalist talking points ' . 
  he asked for an overview and i wrote one to the best of my ability ( with perhaps some subconscious bias ) . 
  i might 've given a more nuanced position on the refugees in that azeris constitute the vast majority of them ( though baku has a habit of inflating such figures and it 's a point i 've addressed in another comment ) and i might have looked as critically at armenia ( and its treatment of azeri cultural heritage ) as i did at azerbaijan but it 's already a massive wall of text for what 's supposed to be a concise overview and the state of azerbaijani authoritarianism , civil society and politics is somewhat more important than that of armenia . 
  wow , the largest ammo shipment since those cruel wartorn times of 2006 . 
  well no , but keeping the borders closed during a decades long peace process cripples armenia economically and reinforces a sense in armenia that it 's under siege by the turks from two sides . 
  turkey unconditionally supporting a loony dictator like aliyev does nothing for turkey and absolutely destroys any prospect for the nagorno-karabakh conflict to be peacefully resolved . 
  bullying armenia without reining in aliyev does not further the peace process ( which aliyev does n't really seem to want as he prefers an armenia he can routinely scapegoat for all the problems his political system causes ) . 
  [ both ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacres_in_the_course_of_the_nagorno-karabakh_war ) . 
  edit : actually only pre-war and during the war . 
  the azeris did n't have any armenians left within their control to commit pogroms on ( likewise vice-versa ; the armenians did n't have any large-scale incidents apart from khojaly but they likewise cleared every azeri out of the territory they controlled with azeris actually being the large majority of the refugees in the war - few expected 20 + year frozen conflict though certain ultranationalist armenian militias were certainly out to achieve a greater armenia and permanently settle the occupied territories ) after the war had ended . 
  as opposed to some of his earlier claims ( [ zori ' i pulled the skin off 13-year-old turkish kid ' balayan ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/azerbaijan/comments/3zwron/i_pulled_the_skin_off_13yearold_turkish_kid_zori/ ) ) . 
  these seem like legitimate quotes . 
  thomas de waal is a legitimate journalist and the washington times is just echoing azerbaijani propaganda . 
  if i seem overly biased towards the armenian side i apologize as that 's not the intention . 
  the problem is that often the most visible element in these kinds of threads ( to me ) seems to be either ignorant of the situation ( and only see a russian-aligned country in control of another country 's de jure territory ) or are turkish or azeri people aggressively pushing baku 's version of events ( which includes gross fabrications and omits the role that baku 's pogroms played in escalating the conflict ) . 
  de facto you 're talking out your ass . 
  he never said any such thing . 
  he was asked a question about ` western armenia ' and after referencing his generation 's experiences in nagorno-karabakh answered that the greatness of a state is largely not defined by its territory and the next generation should build the greatness of armenia in different ways . 
  to anyone but someone trying very hard to see more ` evil ' armenians he deflected the question and made it clear that he is n't looking to take back western armenia . 
  you can hardly expect the armenians to immediately start ceding back territory to an azerbaijan that : * will deny you entry if you have armenian nationality and/or ethnicity/last name . 
  * will shower promotions , money & privileges on psychotic axe-murderers as long as their victims are armenians . 
  * has a history of dumping colonists on armenian-populated territories . 
  * has a history of pogroms committed against armenians that it recognizes no wrong-doing in having performed . 
  * has literally burned books because they were somewhat sympathetic to armenians and initiated a state-orchestrated witch-hunt against the author of said book . 
  really , really weird article you 've got there , buddy . 
  dprk-type odd terminology and phrases , clearly biased , selective use of the truth , hugely inflated casualty numbers , seemingly fabricated weirdly phrased unreliable quotations ...  by azeri ambassador ramzi teymurov oh i see . 
  true but this situation by far predates the current turkey-russia regional rivalry ( though one might say it had already started in a small way when turkey started flexing its soft power in the turkic post-soviet world , particularly azerbaijan , which russia considered its backyard ) . 
  i also would n't unequivocally say the russia supports armenia against azerbaijan since they eagerly sell weapons to both and its military bases are in armenia purely for the defense of armenia proper ( which is to say ; not of de jure azerbaijani territory ) . 
  dissimilar in the way that 20 % is a gross exagerration deliberately pushed by azeri propaganda ( the site which / u/quintinus1 just linked being an obvious propaganda outlet ) . 
  it 's only about 16 % ( drops to 9 % if we exclude nagorno-karabakh itself whose overwhelmingly armenian population would be absolutely unsafe in azeri controlled territory ) . 
  committing a series of pogroms of a certain ethnicity when their nominal nation-state sits right over the border tends to invite military intervention . 
  turkey intervened in cyprus even though the situation there was much less grave then it was for armenians in azerbaijan . 
  edit : if you 're referring to ` western armenia ' that 's disingenuous and you know it . 
  armenia has no territorial claims on it ( but it probably would like turkey to occasionally not treat its armenian cultural heritage like shit ) , only some fringe nationalist groups do . 
  it 's largely true . 
  azerbaijan is a ` brother nation ' to them so turkey gives basically unconditional support to what 's essentially a kleptocratic monarchy whomever their enemy might be . 
  and if the war had gone the other way around nagorno-karabakh would 've been completely cleansed of its armenians and that would 've been the end of it and they probably would n't have been allowed back . 
  point being both sides had the same basic * modus operandi * during the war . 
  armenia did n't anticipate a 20 + year deadlock at the time they evicted the azeri population and it 's baku that 's consistently shown no sign of wanting to cool tensions and work towards an equitable solution . 
  besides , baku has a habit of inflating the numbers of both the number of refugees and the percentage of their territory that 's been occupied and i did n't want to go into that particular argument when the numbers are n't clear . 
  it would 've been disingenuous to imply that baku was somehow the reasonable party in all of this when clearly they were n't . 
  at this point i 've done about a dozen of these kinds of posts and i 'm always not quite sure i 've given quite a balanced view of it given that it 's all quite complicated . 
  i might well have mentioned the imbalance of reguees but there 's a dozen other factors that i could well have mentioned as well and also left out . 
  same as it has been since it ended in 1994 . 
  armenia and the nkr continue to occupy ( de jure ) azerbaijani territory ( with azerbaijan occupying a small armenian exclave , [ artsvashen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/artsvashen ) ) outside of nagorno-karabakh proper , which is n't actually contiguous with armenia proper . 
  in the meanwhile azerbaijan 's economic strength has grown , mainly by way of petroleum exports , which also makes it extremely vulnerable to shocks in oil prices since it has a [ laughably petroleum-dependent economy ] ( http://atlas.cid.harvard.edu/explore/tree_map/export/aze/all/show/2014/ ) ( for comparison , here 's [ russia ] ( http://atlas.cid.harvard.edu/explore/tree_map/export/rus/all/show/2014/ ) and ( a random western country ) [ denmark ] ( http://atlas.cid.harvard.edu/explore/tree_map/export/dnk/all/show/2014/ ) ) . 
  many of these petrodollars have been funneled into the defense budget . 
  meanwhile resource-poor landlocked armenia has suffered enormously economically by way of a double blockade by azerbaijan and its staunch ally turkey so the balance of powers has somewhat shifted ( though it should be noted they also favored azerbaijan enormously during the war and they still lost then as well ) . 
  refugees ( both sides have hundreds of thousands ) still have n't returned . 
  both sides have ethnically cleansed the areas they control almost completely of each other 's populations . 
  with azerbaijan committed to the armenophobic narrative as much as they are ( deliberately demolishing armenian gravestones and thus wiping away the traces of armenians in the regions they control , honoring an [ axe-murderer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ramil_safarov ) because his victim was armenian , refusing the return of refugees , massive anti-armenian rhetoric ) it seems unlikely aliyev actually wants the region back by diplomatic means very soon though the posturing towards the international community continues as do his promises of wide-ranging autonomy to the armenians of nk ( that understandably do n't inspire a lot of confidence with them ) that they 'd supposedly get with a peace-deal . 
  with oil prices as they are it 's unlikely for azerbaijan to start a war at this point . 
  the refugees will stay where they are . 
  useless border-skirmishing will happen every once in a while . 
  armenia will probably not entrust an armenian-populated area to the aliyev-regime any time soon nor will they begin handing back the de-populated border-regions as long azerbaijan continues being as belligerent as it is . 
  so armenia will probably remain impoverished by the blockade . 
  azerbaijan will continue to blame every single problem they have ( most of them caused by being a thoroughly corrupt kleptocracy ) on armenia . 
  aliyev will continue his infantile ranting all the while laughing up his sleeve as he keeps robbing his fiefdom blind . 
  bulgaria has territory it could actually conceivably [ want ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_outlands ) though , so it does n't really belong in / u/marquisdelafayette76 's masturbatory fantasy . 
  might as well at this point given that this new agreement flat out gives nato everything it could conceivably want from serbia anyhow without nato giving much of anything back . 
  what 's your obsession with partitioning serbia ? 
  it 's ridiculous . 
   ** over a separatist insurgency started by us-backed militants within serbia 's own territory that somehow serbia was n't allowed to combat ** ftfy, 
   well , i guess that 's breaking news - most students turn to upper-class . 
  a very insulated group whose wider social views are largely exclusive to them as well . 
  which means their supposedly being ` tomorrow 's workers ' is meaningless because they represent an insignificant fraction of the populace . 
   the lower two sentences are not even providing an argument on which to respond to . 
  how convenient .
