  dutch law ( and the law in any democracy in the world for that matter ) makes it perfectly legal to limit it in the interest of public order ( among other things ) , and with the witch-hunt for ~ ~ trotskyists ~ ~ g\u00fclenists that the akp likes to whip up public order seems like a pretty legitimate concern . 
  whether it actually meets the stringent requirements for an outright ban is debatable , but there is a case to be made . 
  luckily of course we have an independent judiciary so if it does come to that turkey can make its case . 
  though it looks like we 're not going for an outright ban , rutte just says we 'll not be cooperating and that he finds it ` undesirable ' ( many other politicians are saying the same thing ) . 
   cavusoglu said that the european countries were treating turkey as it was a second-class country . 
  act like an irresponsible pariah state and you get treated like an irresponsible pariah state . 
  see also russia . 
  there 's no conspiracy against turkey . 
   `` i hope they will come to their senses soon and remember the past tragedies caused by xenophobia and similar phobias , '' he said . 
  [ yeah , it really is a shame . 
  for instance in the netherlands we 've had terrible hate rallies caused by such xenophobia , direct involvement by a foreign government as well . 
  such a shame . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=haboekzamlm ), 
  right ... even ignoring the fact that your posts quite explicitly mentions and condones the possibility of murdering people based on their ethnicity , mass deportations of people based on their ethnicity still quite neatly fits the definition of ethnic cleansing . 
  i could do with a cutdown in these types of post to be honest . 
  a lot of these types of posts consist of not so subtle agenda pushing on controversial subjects and these topics therefore often degenerate into vacuous nationalist shouting matches . 
  oh cool we 're advocating and excusing ethnic cleansing and mass murder now , neat . 
  it 's not like they can get ukraine any more riled up . 
  ukraine 's not gon na go `` well you annexed part of our country and caused another part to be completely devastated and controlled by separatists but i guess it 's ok because you do n't recognize their documents and they do n't use your currency '' . 
  it could just be a practical solution , having anarchic warlordism on your doorstep is n't a good thing for any state ( weapons smuggling , legal and political grey zones , crime etc. ), 
  and the current status quo ( political deadlock in kyiv ) makes russia unable to effectively use donbass as a bargaining chip anyway . 
  recognizing their documents and circulating russian roubles normalizes the situation somewhat , and should also give russia greater direct control over escalation and deescalation . 
  might be longer still . 
  there 's some slow progress made on certain issues ( chapters being opened & closed ) , but on other fronts serbia is arguably moving away from where it should be going ( vu\u010di\u0107 has more than a few authoritarian tendencies ) , and there 's massive headaches like kosovo and serbia 's ties with russia ( and european states ' views on that ) that might hold up things indefinitely because they might entice various eu states to veto serbia 's accession . 
   for instance , liberals threw up their hands in horror when trump , in declaring his travel ban , declared that christians from syria but not muslims would be admitted into the us . 
  however , the eu revealed similar priorities when it admitted georgia to the schengen zone , within which eu nationals can move without a passport . 
  for one this is innacurate . 
  georgia gets visa-free travel into the schengen area , it 's not a part of it . 
   echoing trump , the vice-president of the european parliament argued that georgia is a christian country and the heart of europe meaningless basically well-spirited platitudes about shared identity is an echo of trump ? 
  positive remarks about shared christian identity do n't imply derogatory attitudes towards muslim identity . 
  [ eu figures have been plenty positive about islam 's role in europe at times ] ( https://eeas.europa.eu/headquarters/headquarters-homepage/6332_en ) , does that mean the eu hates christianity ? 
  if one says that islam is an important factor in arab identity in an overall sense does one by that demean lebanese christians and copts ? 
   -- remarks that would have been greeted with incredulity not only by refugees but by the citizens of kosovo . 
  they 're offended by meaningless platitudes about shared identity made to a third party ? 
  this is an immense stretch . 
  kosovo is getting the very same visa-liberalisation deal georgia got very soon as well . 
   this country is far closer to the heart of europe than georgia , but has a mainly muslim population , and its attempts to join the eu have been consistently rebuffed . 
  have they though ? 
  the eu has pretty consistently engaged with kosovo but the simple fact is that kosovo is subject to the same rules other countries of similar socio-economic development are . 
  kosovo also has myriad issues and the fact that it 's closer to the ` heart of europe ' is actually more of an issue than it is a plus considering kosovo 's leading eu export is currently hopeless asylum applicants . 
  joining the eu is a privilege , not a right , and kosovo has n't even made it to candidate status yet . 
  not to mention that kosovo is expected to shortly get visa liberalization anyway . 
  uhm no . 
  with 17 % he 'll possibly have the largest party . 
  that does not mean he 'll be prime minister , or that he 'll be in the government or even associated with it . 
  the largest party usually becomes the head of a coalition but there have been exceptions before where the largest party could n't form a coalition government and was passed over ( 1982 ) , and pretty much every single party has ruled out being part of a coalition with the pvv . 
  as i said , i 'm in favor of keeping the sanctions in place . 
  what i 'm arguing against is both this ` wishful thinking ' about russia supposedly being near-collapse , or this idea that somehow ` we ' could 've and should 've used military means . 
  i 'm not , but it 's a question about what alternatives we have over what 's already been done . 
  going to war is n't an option . 
  i 'm fully in favor of sanctions , to be sure . 
  the point is that the original argument made six posts up was n't that we should sit in a circle with russia and sing kumbaya but that more generally we should face up to the reality that it 's extremely unlikely that we 're going to be in a position to force russia to return crimea or for russia to just collapse for no reason . 
  neither the guy who made that comment nor me ever advocated russia should get off scott-free , just that we should n't hold any delusions about magical victories . 
  except the original argument was n't about that . 
  ` we ' as the west do n't have the power to change the status-quo , at least not at a cost acceptable to either us or the world . 
  that is the sentiment expressed four posts up . 
  also , there is no equivalent ` cop ' . 
  unless your argument is that the world of this analogy is a libertarian dystopia where both cops and thieves have weapons that could level half the city so what the cop should do is in fact incinerate the car , the original owner , the thief , and half the city so at the very least the thief is n't rewarded for his abuse of power . 
  yes of course . 
  every non-russian everywhere should always agree with every inane line of reasoning as long as it 's anti-russian . 
  we should never , ** ever ** , try to make sure that criticism of putin 's russia should be logically consistent , convincing or the slightest bit intellectually honest . 
  if you make that argument you 're surely a putinbot . 
  yes because anybody who ever expresses criticism at a poor line of reasoning by ` our side ' must be one of them damn dirty russians i tell ya . 
  sure , i do n't disagree . 
  eh , it 's more nuanced than that . 
  russians had an upward trend ( by means of immigration/colonization ) since 1783 , but they only became a plurality by the early 20th century and only became a definite majority after the deportations in 1944 . 
  though the crimean tatars had stopped being a majority midway through the 1800s or thereabouts . 
  though you 're right in the sense that this oversimplified vacuous ` ebil russian colonizers come in and then claim le oppression and steal lands !! 1 ! 11 !! ', 
  narrative gets misapplied a ton ( i 've seen it being applied to abkhazia which is beyond moronic ) and often seems predicated more on anti-russian sentiment than any kind of reasonable standpoint . 
  people seem to forget that people have rights no matter how or why their ethnic group came to live where they do or what they personally think of said ethnic group ( for instance , one vehemently anti-russian user on here has called russians ` subhuman ' before so yeah ) . 
  if you 're against russia 's claim to crimea , fine , but arguments against it should be based on logically consistent reasons that apply to russia and russians the same as everyone else , it should n't be predicated on one 's own specific anti-russian sentiments , hatreds , or stereotypes . 
  i 'm not for separatism in general , or crimea being russian territory specifically but the kind of simplistic narrative being thrown around in this thread is just asinine . 
  as is this expectation some people hold of russia just magically collapsing tomorrow for no apparent reason other than a poor understanding of history and their own dislike of russia . 
  except it does . 
  if estonia does n't claim these regions then russia holding them is perfectly legal regardless of how we arrived at that situation . 
  whenever politicians seriously throw around proposals to randomly dismember countries they perceive as ` artificial ' or whatever it 's just bewildering to me . 
  it 's such an infantile and unstatesmanlike position that it absolutely boggles the mind how anyone can have any experience in politics and/or governance and suggest something like it . 
  also a complete lack of civil liberties , mass murder , mass repression , mass terror , millions of people dragged off to the gulag , forced collectivization destroying the lives of millions * , and completely preventable - oftentimes arguably genocidal - famines , but yay gdp numbers . 
  \\* and , not so fun fact , actually deeply depressing total agricultural output and drastically reducing the number of livestock . 
  will be an awkward moment if/when we break with the old convention of the largest party forming and being the head of the coalition when the pvv ca n't gather together enough other parties . 
  in practice it will be a non-official condition seeing as every single eu member has veto power over accession . 
  i 'll be extremely impressed if serbia manages to convince every single eu country that it should be let in without recognizing kosovo . 
  all the more dangerous then . 
  the insurgency in presevo ended over 15 years ago . 
  if serbia is worried about future seperatism there why ca n't it just propose that it create a similar community of municipalities there as the one that kosovo should be implementing for kosovo serbs ? 
  that would certainly help break the deadlock over that issue in pristina . 
  of course from one perspective it does n't make sense to say that kosovo albanians get to secede but nobody after that , and nobody but them . 
  however it 's in everyone 's interests to end the violence , separatism , and mutual recriminations . 
  that 's ` unfair ' of course but so was it for the hungarians after trianon , and the bulgarians after the second balkan war . 
  both nations tried very much to reverse what they 'd suffered but in the end all it got them was more trouble , certainly more trouble than any of the disputed territories were worth and oftentimes it did the populations they were trying to help outright harm . 
  of course it 's unpopular with serbs , and it will be for the near future . 
  i certainly do n't support beating serbia over the head with having to accept kosovo 's independence as that 's likely to have the opposite effect . 
  but normalization without recognition will eventually lead towards gradual acceptance and at some point recognition itself . 
  it 'll be divisive and difficult for belgrade to finally concede but at some point it will . 
  i get what you 're saying and why you 're saying it but holding on with the kosovo business * does n't actually gain serbia anything . 
  * with the amount of international backing kosovo does there 's not a chance in hell of serbia getting it back . 
  furthermore , even if you could reconquer kosovo no issue all you 'd gain would be two million angry albanians , a repeat of the 90s insurgency , and an immense economic drain . 
  all that as well as even more of a stain on serbia 's international reputation and more isolation . 
  really do n't agree with the first part seeing as the immediate result of the intervention was a massive escalation in ethnic violence and the immediate ( though temporary ) displacement of 900,000 kosovar albanians and the later permanent displacement of a significant portion of the serb minority . 
  plus it put the us in the awkward position of uniquely supporting unilateral secession in a case that * it argues * is unique , but really is n't if you look at other separatist conflicts around the world .
