  though with the ghettoization cyprus had long since stopped being a unitary state and the status of cypriot turks was far from enviable . 
  though the balance of atrocities has now massively swung in the other direction since turkey forced ethnic cleansing on the island . 
   and the countries that you 're talking about have very different backgrounds so it 's absurd to compare them with turkish cypriots . 
  like , abkhazians are for independence , ossetians are for a unification with the north ossetia , transnistria is really weird , although things are so different than cyprus . 
  well sure the situations are different . 
  no two territorial conflicts are alike . 
  i 'm just saying that the trnc is about as legitimate as those other separatist entities and should be treated as such . 
   you are repeating the talking points of president papadopolous , the late greek cypriot leader who called for the rejection of the unification plan . 
  he was a right wing nationalist , by the way . 
  unlike the right wing greek cypriot leader , the international opinion at the time was overwhelmingly in favor of the plan . 
  the eu , the un and virtually all member states expressed support for the deal . 
  wikipedia has a good summary here : international opinion favors lots of bad deals . 
  accepting the annan plan might 've done a whole lot of good and i do n't think rejecting it was an outright good thing . 
  i just object to misrepresenting it as a fair and equitable deal when in fact it massively rewards turkey for invading , ethnically cleansing and partitioning a supposedly sovereign country and hands the turkish cypriots concessions that are completely out of line with their share of the population . 
  the annan plan was an objectively good plan for the turks but let 's not pretend that it was those nasty greek cypriots being hateful jerks for no reason that destroyed any prospect of unification . 
   ethnic cleansing happened on both sides . 
  yes , that 's what happens if you deliberately ignite a sectarian conflict by invasion and start committing massacres . 
  the other side reacts in kind . 
  you also ignore that the overwhelming majority of the victims were greek cypriots . 
   the republic of cyprus , whom the eu continues to regard as the legitimate authority , continues to ignore its own constitution , the founding document on which its own legitimacy is based , behaving effectively as a solely greek cypriot administration , while at the same time claiming to represent the entire island . 
  the constitutions drafted after the london and z\u00fcrich agreements , clearly requires that : how many of those provisions are respected today ? 
  where is the turkish cypriot vice president , and where are the turkish cypriot members of the house of representatives ? 
  how many turkish cypriots who have also lost properties in the south have been allowed to reclaim them ? 
  on what basis has the republic of cyprus denied them their property rights ? 
  cyprus is in the exceptional position of an outside power having imposed ethnic cleansing on them . 
  you can hardly expect cyprus to rule according to pluralist principles when turkey 's invasion has caused them to become a virtually 100 % non-turkish rump-state . 
  what type of turkish cypriots could it find to actually fill those positions and still function as a state given that turkic cypriots have an active seperatist entity of their own . 
  cyprus is n't perfect , cyprus is n't angelic . 
  property rights could 've been restored , but how could cyprus afford it ? 
  turkey holds 40 % of cyprus under occupation ( far in excess of turkish cypriots ' share in the population ) , the majority of which was ethnically greek pre-war . 
  turkey insisted on ethnic division so it was only natural to confiscate turkish property after the turks did the same in much larger scale to greek properties in the north . 
  it 's disingenuous to say the least for you to justify a massive campaign of ethnic cleansing and the deliberate incitement of sectarian division and then blame the greek cypriot side for not being pluralistic angels . 
   as for the legality , let us not forget that it was the attempt to ethnically ** cleanse the island ** still no proof of this . 
   and annex it to greece , that prompted the turkish intervention . 
  a right that turkey had as a guarantor power under the treaty of guarantees . 
  a role it only got because it conspired with britain to create a supposedly ` independent ' and ` sovereign ' cyprus ( a ` sovereign ' state that has enshrined in its constitution the right of a hostile power to invade , quaint is n't it ? ), 
  and deny the greek-cypriots any self-determination and chance for * enosis * . 
  let 's also not forget that the coup d'etat collapsed at a time when turkey only held a few strips of cyprus ' coast , at which time turkey 's cassus belli had essentially become defunct . 
  turkey still went ahead with a second invasion . 
   before the island got into the eu , the island had an opportunity to unite . 
  the south rejected the unification , the north accepted it . 
  stop deliberately misrepresenting the annan plan . 
  if you like cyprus having no sovereignty and turkey getting away with being the regional bully that 's fine but do n't pretend like the annan plan was somehow fair and equitable and do n't pretend the two sides are equal when one is a sovereign state and the other a creation of turkish aggression . 
   now the north continues to be isolated and under embargo despite promises to the contrary by senior eu leaders , separatism and ethnic cleansing should n't be ignored and the trnc should n't be treated like a sovereign and legal state when it is n't . 
  the trnc is about as legitimate a creation as abkhazia , transnistria , or south-ossetia . 
  the eu should n't have promised it i agree , but not for the reasons you suggest . 
   whereas the south reaps the benefits of membership and continues to use its position in the union in order to extract as many concessions from turkey as possible . 
  yes , those terrible concessions that consist of turkey not being allowed to continue an illegal occupation . 
  a sinister cypriot scheme indeed . 
  you could argue that the constant western insistence on serbia normalizing relations with kosovo constitutes said headbeating . 
  nonsensical border drawing that leaves northern-kosovo and its serbs ( the overwhelming majority there ) stranded inside a failed state for no good reason also stings for the serbs and seems arbitrary ( or outright anti-serb ) from their pov , i imagine . 
  though in the eu 's case it 's pretty established that it does n't want ( potential ) members with active territorial disputes . 
  serbia is actively working on joining the eu ( explicitly not nato , though they pretty much gave nato everything it might 've wanted from serbia anyhow ) though . 
  and normalization of relations with kosovo is a pretty stringent requirement there . 
  holding out on kosovo recognition might get them so more safeguards and concessions for kosovan serbs in the long run ( though judging by domestic kosovan reaction to the minor concessions kosovan serbs were promised by pristina recently i would n't get my hopes up on that front ) but serbian sovereignty over kosovo ( for better or worse ) has long since stopped being feasible . 
  many ( probably a majority ) on both sides of the border ( albania + kosovo ) would very much like to but nato has pretty explicitly said it ca n't and wo n't happen . 
  the reasoning behind it is probably that letting them unify reeks of irredentism , reinforces sectarianism , and will probably infuriate serbia even moreso than kosovo 's ` independence ' has . 
  though of course nato 's insistence on rewarding separatist insurgency/terrorism and then doing a nonsensical kosovo-serbia split without adhering to ( rough ) regional demographics [ has n't ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2001_insurgency_in_the_republic_of_macedonia ) [ necessarily worked ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_kosovo_crisis ) [ to the benefit of anyone ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/insurgency_in_the_pre%c5%a1evo_valley ) . 
  once again the same myths of these refugees and migrants somehow being an economic benefit even though it 's been repeatedly shown that they 're not and of course all the associated deliberate use of misleading statistics . 
  also the age-old schlock about western civilization somehow not having been possible without those good ole ' islamic scholars preserving ancient texts \u2122 . 
  then some verbose speculation on what this issue is ` really ' about which we 're told is somehow not about millions of people wanting to settle in europe ( without accepting any of his precious ` values ' ) but rather a crisis on confidence in our own civilization and way of life . 
  then we 're told that the solution lies in accepting ` our own values ' , namely ` freedom , diversity , human rights , the rule of law , tolerance , solidarity ' . 
  uhm ... * western freedom is n't absolute , i.e. 
  it does n't translate into a freedom by anyone anywhere to settle in whichever western country they like best . 
  * human rights also does n't translate into a freedom to settle wherever you want . 
  * the rule of law would mostly work against these people he feels so sympathetic with ; we 've tolerated illegal border crossings for years now . 
  * tolerance ( as well as solidarity ) goes both ways . 
  being tolerant to the establishment of groups within our countries , of which large parts will be permanently estranged from the rest of society and who absolutely do n't share that tolerance is suicidal , not enlightened . 
  ` nothing angers and frustrates daesh more than seeing syrians and iraqis welcomed into the west . ' ? 
  considering that these people will be a prime source of future recruits i very much doubt ` daesh ' is * that * angered by it . 
  we could accept millions more of them and it would n't put a dent in arab/muslim population growth and many of ` our ' muslims would still grow up loathing the western world . 
  netherlands = nordic confirmed, 
  yeah i noticed that turkish republic of northern cyprus thing as well , it 's what tipped my off to it being a propaganda-channel . 
  though it 's not exactly unprecedented for news agencies to name these kinds of separatist entities even when they 're not especially sympathetic to them ( though usually they 'd at least note the state that the area is legally a part off ) . 
  i only meant that it 's remarkably restrained for an outright propaganda outlet , with their ` both sides could learn a lot from these people living together \u2122 ' schtick . 
  i mean it 's not like we see rt reporting on eastern ukraine as a ` if only we could all get along ' kinda thing , they just straight up point the finger at kyiv . 
  to be fair there 's nothing particularly egregious in this particular video . 
  it 's fairly typical ` see-how-these-common-folks-can-get-along \u2122 ' schlock . 
  if anything it 's remarkably restrained in how little finger pointing it does at the greeks . 
  well regardless of the merit of these posts i hope they do n't turn into that godawful ` glorious navy ' circlejerk we just got out of . 
  on-topic : post-soviet states having a difficulty in forming a pr-friendly type of nationalism and figuring out who to glorify and how to remember certain types of events and movements is n't exactly unprecedented . 
  give ukraine a couple of decades to get prosperous enough and they 'll bend over backwards to say how awful their nationalists were just like us glorious westerners do now . 
  there were n't any dutch colonies left in africa after the british took cape colony during the napoleonic wars apart from some forts on the gold coasts which were then sold to great britain in 1870 , quite a while before this was printed . 
  to be fair zhirinovsky is a kremlin stooge and not an opposition politician in any real sense ( if he were he would n't be tolerated ) . 
  he 's tolerated and encouraged for the precise reason of making putin seem liberal in comparison and for measuring public opinion on more extreme stances . 
  well khrushchev would n't and could n't have foreseen or have even fathomed the split of the soviet union but i 'd say that the way crimea was transferred is also just another example of how callously the soviets ( particularly noted louts like khrushchev ) sometimes dealt with sensitive national questions and threw territory and populations around without consideration . 
  i 'm all for going against the soviet propaganda view of the russian empire but russia 's economic and societal collapse was largely already an established fact by the time the bolsheviks took power in 1917 , largely through the fault of the russian empire willfully entering the first world war without being ready for it . 
  there 's plenty to criticize in soviet economic policy but wwi-russian civil war collapse ca n't be wholly blamed on the bolsheviks ( though some historians ( orlando figes for instance ) do claim the bolsheviks purposefully caused the civil war ) . 
  well part of the difference between the tsarist bureaucracy and that of the soviets was the latter 's much greater size and reach . 
  official tsarist policy towards minorities was undoubtedly more hostile to them than official soviet policy was but it was the soviet union in which homogenization and ethnic deportation actually happened much more often and actually could happen much more effectively because the soviet state had a much firmer grasp on its subjects than the tsarist one did and stalin 's autocracy was arguably less restrained than that of nicholas ii . 
  soviet greeks and poles ( for example ) theoretically had much better language rights ( for example ) than they had under the russian empire and were theoretically protected minorities for the soviet union but it was the soviet union that eradicated/devastated these communities despite its supposed internationalism . 
  russian history is more than just the history of the state . 
  also i think he is referring to people who suffered through repression , deportation , indoctrination etc. 
  in general , damn near every russian must have an ancestor or relative who suffered through that during the first half of the soviet union 's existence . 
  eh , there 's evidence that living standards for the bottom rung of society ( very slowly but ) gradually improved throughout most of the long 19th century . 
  though of course committed anti-communists ( and/or russian nationalists and apologists for tsarism among others ) sometimes swing too far in the other direction when it comes to discussing the soviets and start saying that things were completely on the right track and russia did n't need a major upheaval . 
  russia not being present in an official capacity in light of recent tensions is regrettable and i 'm not a big fan of erdogan 's turkey but surely reconciliation with your erstwhile enemies can only be a good thing , right ? 
  i mean it 's now as if they 're inviting erdogan over to tell him that the turks did a bang-up job oppressing them for 500 years . 
  nothing to do with that . 
  i just oppose anti-russian doublethink ; i.e.
