   so , unrelated how good they have life in azerbaijan , those ultranationalistic feelings of armenia rooted from 1915 would resulted in this situation in any case . 
  i do n't agree . 
  in a situation in which nkao armenians * were free to express their culture and define their local oblast or republic ( they were offered an upgrade to an assr in may of 1988 - i believe it was a fair compromise and they should 've accepted it ) as a distinctly armenian region * were free to express their grievances , and were free to hold a commemoration of 24 april * in which they did n't have to fear a long-term trend of baku-imposed immigration would change local demographics to their disfavor * did n't have to deal with azerbaijani pseudohistory writing them out of local history and promoting this ` armenians only lived here for 200 years ' nonsense i find it extremely hard to imagine events still playing out as they did . 
  of course armenia and before it the armenian ssr promoted this whole thing , and it likely would 've been a movement even without significant abuses ( see for example the whole javakheti business ) but i doubt it would 've escalated to an outright insurgency ( again , see javakheti ) and then war if conditions were better and there were fewer legitimate grievances . 
   is your main problem with aliyev government ? 
  largely . 
  mind you , the aliyev regime is sort of a blessing and a curse in that a strongman like aliyev would have an easier time selling concessions to the public than a genuinely democratic government would ( see for example the trouble they 've had in cyprus and colombia making peace ) * if * he was genuinely committed to actually making them and keeping to them . 
   do you think , that solution would be possible if there would n't be aliyev government ? 
  for example , an opposition would came to power ? 
  depends on what kind of opposition . 
  as i recall some parties and dissidents are in favor of a more real dialogue , but a fair few opposition parties and dissidents are also more opposed to concessions , more nationalist , and more favorable to military resolution than aliyev seems to be . 
  and i do think to some extent the aliyev regime 's propaganda has distorted public perception of the peace process and the reason it 's failing . 
  it 's not an easy problem , and it does n't have an easy solution . 
  i do think armenia could have a more constructive attitude and i do n't think azerbaijan is especially to blame for reacting in this way but for its own sake it should see that it is n't working and that it was n't and is n't fair to the 300,000 + expelled azerbaijani armenians who had nothing to do with karabakh or what happened in armenia . 
   ( hope you understand that , any government in azerbaijan can not agree with territory concessions to armenians , that 's just impossible ) . 
  i 'm principally not in favor of changing international borders by force . 
  i do think azerbaijan deserves its territorial integrity despite past abuses . 
  however i do think that every country dealing with such a situation , despite how much they 've been wronged themselves , should show some goodwill and genuine commitment and dialogue , which i 'm not seeing as of yet . 
  i 'd ask the same of cyprus , georgia , moldova , serbia , ukraine etc. 
   in international law , illegal occupation etc. 
  you 're missing the point . 
  the salient issue here is that armenia 's concessions are permanent and irreversible , while azerbaijan 's are subject to the whims of the aliyev regime which has never shown itself to be particularly trustworthy . 
  all of this will irrevocably compromise the physical security of karabakh armenians . 
  for example after armenia hands back the surrounding territories it would n't be particularly difficult for azerbaijan to just engineer a fake military incident , claim it 's an armenian attack , and then demand whatever peacekeepers there are to get out because of an emergency situation or terrorist threat or whatever , claiming its sovereignty gives it that ultimate right . 
  at that point armenia 's concessions could n't and would n't be reversed , while azerbaijan 's concessions already effectively would be . 
   i agree with you here . 
  actually , imho , there 's solution to it , which will encompass both principle of territorial integrity and self-determination . 
  it 's granting nagorno karabakh autonomy ( like autonomous republic , as nakhcivan ar ) inside territorial integrity of azerbaijan . 
  thus karabakh armenians would have self-governance rights , azerbaijan 's territorial integrity will be respected . 
  this is how i see as a real possible solution to the conflict . 
  a ` real ' possible solution to the conflict relying upon the completely fictional trustworthiness and goodwill of the aliyev regime . 
  again , this would be a solution if the aliyev regime had been even slightly constructive and had at any point whatsoever shown an iota of goodwill . 
  you 're arguing that the armenians should just trust your side without your side having ever done anything whatsoever to earn that trust . 
  this is why the conflict resolution process comes back to confidence building measures time and again , and why the aliyev regime constantly rejecting them makes the entire thing pointless . 
  insisting that a minority should remain part of your country while doing everything you can to * denigrate them and make it clear to them how you hate them . 
  * write them out of your ( and arguably their own ) history * prevent track-ii diplomacy . 
  * refuse to directly communicate with the rebellious population itself . 
  * periodically murder them them with shelling and sniper fire . 
  is entirely pointless . 
  i 'm sure it 's comforting to blame ` armenian ultranationalists ' for anything and everything but have you ever spent any time whatsoever thinking about why they 're such a big factor in armenian politics to begin with ? 
  if you convince the opposing side that you hate them and are an existential threat to them and the people they 're trying to protect they 're going to respond in kind . 
  nobody is going to buy this ` highest possible autonomy ' nonsense to be meaningful with the hateful rhetoric and overall ideology that the aliyev regime is spreading ( combined with azerbaijan 's rather low standard of governance ) . 
  what 's amusing about the 30,000 figure is that you can simply use * [ azerbaijan 's own census data ] ( http://pop-stat.mashke.org/azerbaijan-ethnic2009.htm ) * to refute it . 
  it shows that every single raion of azerbaijan ( that 's under its control ) contains fewer than 10 armenians , apart from baku which has a grand total of 104 . 
  even accounting for people hiding their ethnic identity out of fear of persecution ( which the aliyev regime laughably claims does n't exist ) there 's no way in hell these figures indicate any significant community of any sort , let alone 30,000 magically invisible armenians . 
  honestly the aliyev regime is so pathetically bad at this whole propaganda business it 's almost funny . 
  lol, 
  well sure but whether you personally feel that way or however problematic it is from a moralistic or legal standpoint is n't the point . 
  turkey will almost certainly make an issue of it if one tries to push this through , as will a large part of the turkish cypriot population because it dilutes ` their ' share of the population . 
  moreover their presence is n't really ( substantially ) problematic from a demographic or political standpoint in that they do n't really change the political power or demographic situation that much ( provided the trnc census was roughly accurate of course , there 's been allegations that it was n't ) . 
  given how many turkish cypriots have left since 1974 ( for reasons to do with the status quo ) you could also argue that the rough demographic balance is somewhere where it would 've been without the invasion as well . 
  there 's also much more important concessions the greek cypriots need to get out of turkey such as a ( virtually ) complete removal of turkish troops from the island ( which is already becoming a sticking point ) and the abolishment of the guarantor system . 
  they 'll have trouble enough getting those concessions without targeting the settlers which will be sure to set off alarm bells in ankara . 
  regardless of how legitimate or illegitimate one thinks the turkish military presence is , such a hardline maximalist attitude helps exactly nobody . 
  the settlers being there is unfortunate but given that turkish cypriots have left in droves as well and the greek cypriots still have an overwhelming majority just giving them citizenship wo n't be that much of a burden or obstacle . 
  insisting on deporting tens of thousand of turks and not making any considerations for turkish ( cypriot ) anxieties will make sure you 'll get nowhere , there 's already absolutely necessary concessions ( abolishing the guarantor system ) that 'll be extremely difficult to get without going full on maximalist hardliner . 
  fair enough , i live a fair bit inward ( south-east of zuid-holland ) and i remember there being decent snowfall in the night of friday on saturday . 
  it snowed last week dude . 
   as well as for poland/lithuania and for moscow but dude , you can read about it in ukrainian poems !, 
  poems dude !, 
  there 'd be nothing embellished , inaccurate , or over-glorified in those , surely . 
  that was the entire point . 
  the guy i was responding to has a habit of inane and excessive moralizing . 
  anything and everything that does not exactly align with my worldview of course , given that people ca n't just disagree with me for practical reasons given that my viewpoints are the product of immaculate intellectualism and pure goodness of heart and morality . 
   honestly why is spain being bitches about catalonia ? 
  let them have a referendum ffs . 
  no other country literally forbids a part of their country from leaving . 
  except they do . 
  like all the fucking time . 
  there 's half a dozen or more separatist semi-frozen conflicts in europe and its near-abroad right now . 
   sooner or later catalonia will leave . 
  you can not deny it forever and the more you do , the more people will resent you . 
  that or it will simply abate with time . 
  separatist sentiments are n't some innate force of nature , they 're created , expressed , spread , drummed up etc. 
  by people for specific reasons in response to the times . 
  there 's ample ways to address catalan disaffection with spain without secession . 
  yup . 
  anyone who disagrees with you is evil . 
  now that 's a great worldview . 
  i think you 're referring to the helsinki final act , which lays down both the rights of self-determination and the territorial integrity of states , with the latter taking precedence over the former . 
  the international understanding ( with decolonization mostly having finished ) is more or less that self-determination can only take precedence over territorial integrity if the parent-state forms an actual , immediate threat to the population of the seceding territory . 
  though of course this principle has n't ever been applied consistently either . 
  for instance , the armenians of nagorno-karabakh , the ossetians of south-ossetia , and the abkhaz of abkhazia * were all as much ( some of them arguably more ) threatened by their parent states as kosovo albanians were by serbia . 
  yet the only one of these seceding countries to get widespread recognition and and a nato bombing campaign in their support is kosovo . 
  \\* though it 's important to note that the abkhaz were at the time ( 1991 ) a minority in their homeland , now a bare majority because of the mass-eviction of local georgians . 
  important caveat on that again is that the abkhaz having become a minority in itself was a result of russian domination facilitating georgian settlers for the century before that point . 
  i 'm actually not religious . 
  edgy comeback regardless bro . 
  edgy . 
  [ meanwhile azerbaijan claims they 've prevented an ` armenian provocation ' ] ( http://en.apa.az/azerbaijan-military/azerbaijan-army-azerbaijani-armed-forces/azerbaijani-army-prevents-armenian-recon-group-enemy-suffers-heavy-losses.html ) , within azerbaijani borders mind you . 
  though somewhat curiously they admitted to a soldier having somehow gone missing , which would correspond with the armenian claim of having a body . 
  i do n't think any of these people spouting the vacuous tough guy talk here understand how deploying military forces works . 
  yeah nato should 've just ( without asking ukraine , which would probably take days at least and would n't have necessarily resulted in their permission ) immediately deployed hundreds of thousands of troops and all their equipment , supplies , aircraft , anti-aircraft systems etc. 
  never mind that that 's a logistical and diplomatic impossibility or anything . 
  redditor tough-guy talk must prevail . 
   and people like you will continue to look for convenience in the face of truth . 
  i 'll look for not risking nuclear war for an area that 's worth nothing to us , for a country we have no obligations towards . 
   the same convenience that allows so much encroachment . 
  if you think it 's wise to go to war for every country that ever has a dispute with russia i do n't know what to tell you . 
  randomly going to war when we have no such obligation is inane .
