   then you accuse us of generalizing all other europeans , making us look like the victim under their prejudice . 
  i accuse a specific group of ultranationalists of perpetuating a persecution complex and shitting up this thread . 
   you 're especially a hypocrite because you know your country has committed many crimes against humanity which is completely irrelevant to the matter at hand and not actually an example of hypocrisy . 
  read up on that definition yet ? 
   and yet you have the face to repeat our mistakes over and over again . 
  very specifically not doing that . 
  i would n't bring up cyprus or the armenian genocide if you lot did n't constantly glorify both . 
   it 's not about being critical of anything turkish . 
  it 's the fact that whenever we mention that we have suffered under the hands of others , people like yourself feel the need to bring up the people who may have suffered under us . 
  at times i might bring it up , because it 's either an important bit of * context * or because you 're literally * glorifying ethnic cleansing * . 
  you can bring up whatever suffering you like and i 'd not be inclined to say anything about it . 
  it 's when you open up with a barrage of self-pitying jingoist chest-thumping that i begin to have trouble with it . 
   because the innocent people who got massacred by the cypriots do n't count because of the armenian genocide or whatever kind of logic makes you guys bring up the armenian genocide all the time . 
  next time actually read what i 've posted , do n't just invent positions i 've never taken . 
   from now on , seeing as you do that , i expect nothing less of you than to justify to me your crimes . 
  that 's a bit unambitious . 
  i thought you lot on / r/turkey would know that you ca n't stop at justifying your crimes . 
  you have to go all the way to glorification , baby . 
  ( oh and you 're again massively misinterpreting what i 'm saying and how and what i 'm arguing but that 's par for the course at this point )  just the fact that you and i are having this conversation about the turkish atrocities under this thread and not the atrocities committed against turks is telling enough . 
  yes , it is quite telling . 
  though i 'd presume not in the way you think because you 're presumably conveniently forgetting * how * we got here and once again chalking it up to muh racist europeans instead of the opening barrage of turkish comments specifically glorifying turkish crimes which was what prompted me bringing them up . 
   instead of feeling remorse for those massacred by the cypriots , and every innocent person who lost their lives as a result of this war , i do feel remorse for them . 
  what i do n't feel remorse for are a bunch of ultranationalist thugs trying to use real innocent victims to justify and glorify their crimes , hatreds and prejudices while pretending they themselves personally are the real victims . 
   you have to remind the whole world that it is in fact us who are evil . 
  if ` us ' in this respect refers to ultranationalists of all ethnicites , nationalities and cultures , sure . 
  insomuch as people can be evil , ultranationalists who are always ready to justify and glorify ethnic cleansing are a prime candidate for that moniker . 
   yeah we 're all justifying and glorifying genocide !, 
  i said ethnic cleansing , not genocide . 
  and at the time i was posting that pretty much every turkish posters ' comment here was some variation of ` muh glorious turkiy\u00eb rekt evil greeks xdddd dae think evil yuropeons hate us :( ( ( ( ( ( ( ' . 
  i was quite specifically referring to those comments which is pretty clear from the context . 
  but that 's not quite dramatic enough , that wo n't really satisfy your conviction that you 're being terribly persecuted or whatever . 
  i surely must be implying all turks love genocide even though it 's clear from the context that i was not . 
  i must be implying that because i 'm a fucking hypocritical pretentious evil european white supremacist turkophobe or whatever you choose to believe . 
   people would mention the atrocities committed by the dutch and the part they took in the bosnian genocide i take issue with the relentless ` dae armenian genocide !!!!! ', 
  crowd as well and have said so on plenty of occasions . 
  as i said some dumbasses saying things you choose to take offense to does not mean that this tidalwave of jingoistic , ` dae think le europeans hate us :( ( ( ( ( ( btw rekt xdddd ' nonsense is justified . 
   we are n't in favour of ethnic cleansing yeah those constant comments on / r/turkey where you circlejerk about how the armenians and greek cypriots deserved it and should ` stop whining ' , and how glorious turkiy\u00eb won against muh evil armenian ` rebellion ' are really indicative of genuine sorrow and a regretful and respectful attitude towards victims . 
  get real , dude . 
   you 're just making up silly fictional arguments and assume that for whatever reason we 're all blood thirsty genocidal freaks . 
  i 'm calling it as i see it . 
  a bunch of ultranationalists uncritically glorifying ethnic cleansing and jingoism * because their side did it * , without a smidgen of critical thinking or any attempt at a genuine dialogue . 
  only for them to blame the absence of said dialogue on muh evil two-faced yuropeans who hate muh glorious turkiy\u00eb and ca n't stand the success of muh glorious turan warriors . 
  all that before more than a handful of non-turkish comments were posted . 
   learn what fascism means . 
  i said pseudo fascism . 
  fascism includes among other things : worship of military power and political violence . 
  demonization of supposedly insidious minorities . 
  relentless justification and glorification of ethnic cleansing . 
  legitimization of war and ethnic cleansing in pursuit of national aspirations . 
  demonization and rejection of all outside criticism . 
  all plenty fascist features . 
  all regularly on show in / r/turkey and threads like these . 
   pretentious hypocrite . 
  lol . 
  learn what the term hypocrite ( or the term pretentious for that matter ) actually means and then try to name one example of me being hypocritical in this thread . 
  just one . 
  something i actually wrote , mind you . 
  not something you imagine me to think because i 'm an evil pretentious hypocritical two-faced european racist outsider turkophobe or whatever fanciful image you have of everyone and anyone who 's ever critical of anything turkish . 
   act dumb all you want . 
  it does n't take a genius to see that it is a clear attempt to glorify the massacres . 
  yes , it just takes a massive persecution complex as i said . 
  taking an innocuous comment you do n't agree with and immediately making ridiculous assertions that the op must mean he wants turkish cypriots massacred is ridiculous . 
   there is a thing called context . 
  like the context of the brigade of jingoists from / r/turkey all playing victim and thumping their chests , the fact that this thread was crossposted on / r/turkey , the fact that this thread was crossposted for the specific reason of baiting etc. 
  which are all extremely relevant to the comment you 're moaning about and the fact that it got upvoted , though strangely you only seem to see the context which ( supposedly ) supports your idiotic theory . 
   i have never seen an upvoted comment supportive of any of the things you have listed in r/turkey . 
  can you post an example ? 
  try responding again , but this time actually read before you do . 
   ofc you do otherwise you would n't have made comments like this . 
  thank you for at least being honest ... 
  i do n't even know what you 're trying to say at this point . 
  try actually forming a coherent sentence that is relevant to what you 're ostensibly replying to . 
   also if you gon na make an accusation bring evidence . 
  this is not the first time i 'm talking to you and you always bring this mythical r/turkey brigade that does n't exist . 
  except this is literally the first time i 've said anything about a turkish brigade but ok .  we all browse r/europe and saw this on our own account . 
  a mythical brigade , dude ? 
  there were like half a dozen comments all moaning about muh european double standards , muh rightful glorious invasion and all that nonsense . 
  this thread arose because / u/kubilaytaskiran [ was specifically asked to post it here for the specific reason of baiting responses to validate your feelings . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/turkey/comments/5jkk3c/turkish_woman_discovering_the_body_of_her_new/dbgxxon/ ) brigade in this sense simply means a massive bunch of you coming in and pushing a narrative , i 've said nothing about fake accounts . 
   there is no narrative pushing in the post . 
  / u/kubilaytaskiran was specifically asked to post this here on the original thread on / r/turkey for the specific purpose of baiting responses , and half a dozen comments of ultranationalist chest-thumping followed immediately after . 
  are you actually this dense ? 
  jesus christ this is some ridiculous denialism . 
   the only difference this time was the victims were turks and you people have difficulty seeing them as victims . 
  i see victims just fine . 
  what i also saw was a disruptive barrage of turkish ultranationalist moaning about how nobody cared about their victims before anyone 'd had a chance to comment on it thus being massively disrespectful to said victims by using them to validate their prejudices and hatreds . 
  if you 'd actually care about victims you would talk about them in a respectful sense , not use them on fucking reddit to bait for responses that validate your feelings . 
   was it agenda pushing when people posted pictures of armenian genocide on it 's anniversary ? 
  yes . 
  personally i get annoyed at this threads and the sort of types they attract from both sides . 
  though personally the ones i get most annoyed at are threads like these where a bunch of ultranationalists come in and start glorifying ethnic cleansing and moaning about supposed double standards and how everyone hates them before anyone has a chance to respond . 
   like come on buddy i know you already admitted that turkish deaths means nothing to you learn . 
  read . 
   but at least realize the the logical fallacies in your comments . 
  learn . 
  read . 
   i swear dude you really seem to be obsessed with r/turkey i 'll gladly never waste another word on / r/turkey if its toxic ultranationalists stop spreading their jingoistic , self-pitying nonsense everywhere and stick to their containment sub . 
   and armenians are you alright ? 
  not obsessed . 
  just annoyed about toxic ultranationalism and disrespectfully using real victims to validate your hatreds and persecution complex .
