  17th century or so . 
  other fun bits of 17th century demographics : * many of hungary 's urban centres were overwhelmingly muslim . 
  * tallinn and riga were in large part german-speaking . 
  * a majority of dutch-speaking ( flemish ) populations in north-western france . 
  * large-scale deportation of armenians from modern-day armenia to persia to the point that turkic muslims became the majority there until the early 19th century . 
  * ingria ( area around modern-day st. petersburg ) was thinly peopled , mostly by a finnic speaking people . 
  * turkish and greek populations all around the balkans . 
  greek and armenian communities dotted all around anatolia . 
  * etc. 
  i really hate all this nonsense where people pick and choose their favorite arbitrary point in the past and declare that particular demographic balance to be somehow natural and call any intrusion on that ` artificial ' . 
  so basically the criteria for a genuine separatist movement and whether a country deserves its territorial integrity is whether you personally like a country/ethnic group or not rather than actual principles or international law . 
  good to know . 
  this is about the same attitude moldova , georgia , azerbaijan , ukraine etc. 
  have for roughly the same reasons . 
  are those countries imperialistic as well ? 
  i really wonder why russia even bothers with transnistria if moldova still has such a strong russophile element * after * having a good portion of their country secede with russian backing . 
   reddit is increasingly right-wing these days , and the right wing loves to take the piss out of atheists and that 's why cunt-face up there posted what he did . 
  yes , this devious gathering of right-wing ultra-religious conservatives that is reddit ... dude , you 're not being persecuted . 
  being an atheist on reddit is about the most mainstream you can get , but if you start acting like an edgy teenager about it you should n't moan when people do n't treat you like the intellectual giant you consider yourself to be . 
  the situation in kosovo would n't have turned out great with serbia left in control either . 
  if we consider two basic possible scenarios there : 1 . 
  kosovo gets autonomy equivalent to that previously enjoyed in the late yugoslav period . 
  this is a scenario serbia risked and endured nato bombing over to avoid , so not very likely . 
  kosovo does n't get said autonomy and continues withering away in the 1990-98 status quo of civil unrest , low intensity armed conflict , and a decrepit economy . 
  the first scenario would be nearly akin to what we have now and the second would probably be worse as far tensions , resentment , and the potential for extremist ideologies goes . 
  kosovo was never a tatarstan equivalent , the ethnic tensions were always there to a level never reached in tatarstan and they could n't be easily defused as the brief tatarstan bid for ( semi - ) independence was . 
   if you compare it with other places in kosovo who are ` de facto ' under serbia you will see that there is no development at all . 
  and those places are all inhabited by serbs !, 
  to be fair that does n't specifically have to do with either the rule of law or specific ( mis ) governing by either serbia or kosovo . 
  northern kosovo is in a weird state limbo because it refuses to be governed from pristina by principle ( sort of , i believe a formal agreement is in place but awaiting implementation ) , which cuts it off from its natural hinterland and if that 's not enough the political situation that 's been enforced also hinders it from really functioning as part of serbia . 
   no surprise then , that one of the biggest controversies facing the eu in recent times has been turkey 's repeated calls to become a member state -- all of which have been rejected . 
  the eu 's cherished principles of free trade , free movement and cultural diversity have been rapidly overlooked when the majority muslim population has appealed to join the union . 
  turkey has a host of issues that prevent it from joining the eu , it does n't even meet the formal criteria . 
  it being majority muslim certainly does n't help as far as public opinion on it goes but if it were majority christian but its foreign policy adventurism , occupation of cyprus , ultra-nationalism , domestic repression , regressive policies , repeated military coups , kurdish issues etc. 
  were all unchanged it would n't get in either i 'm pretty sure . 
  welp . 
  now that you mention it the cited sources are quite dodgy . 
  srebrenica genocide also not real apparently . 
  good luck with that , sunshine . 
  you 're certainly doing glorious turkey proud with this whole act . 
  mostly just annoyed , though i 'll give you that i phrased that previous comment awkwardly . 
  the point is that your comment was an absurd non sequitur that 's not at all relevant to anything else being said in the thread . 
  if you want to moan about how awful europeans are and how badly those armenians deserved it i suggest you go back to / r/turkey . 
  was n't there some limited repatriation later on in the tsarist period ? 
  [ wikipedia seems to think so . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnic_cleansing_of_circassians#re-emigration ), 
  he 's actually a lobbyist . 
  the director of [ the european azerbaijan society ] ( http://teas.eu/ ) which is basically a glorified european propaganda office for azerbaijan , if you do n't care about selling your soul and being a mouthpiece for a kleptocratic pseudo-monarchy it seems like a decent gig with all the extras it offers . 
  [ here 's a guardian article ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/nov/24/azerbaijan-caviar-diplomacy-for-mps ) on it . 
   explaning the origins of the nagorno-karabakh to laymen is a difficult endeavour , but explaining how to solve it is easy : aliyev needs to drop his claim on nagorno-karabakh proper , so he can negotiate the return of the surrounding , occupied territories . 
  i do n't quite agree . 
  wherever possible it should be a priority to preserve territorial integrity and no azerbaijani leader would ever be inclined to drop the claim to territory the international community recognizes as theirs anyhow . 
  to me it seems 75 % of the problems in coming to a negotiated solution lies with the aliyev regime doing its absolute best to alienate each and every armenian from ever acceding to azeri sovereignty regardless of what aliyev might promise in supposed autonomy . 
  i mean if you compare it to similar situations elsewhere like cyprus the azerbaijani attitude to this whole thing is just ridiculous . 
  if cyprus acted a tenth as inanely towards the trnc it would 've lost significant outside support and the trnc and turkey would n't stopped negotiating with it years ago . 
  i have my issues with the armenian narrative but let 's take a look at the azeri perspective :  of course , the armenian people need their own homeland , which , fortunately , they already have : armenia . 
  this country has a struggling economy and a shrinking population . 
  all the more reason for it to give up its expansionist ambitions and concentrate on restoring its own fortunes so that it is no longer dependent on international handouts . 
  and one might just wonder why it is that armenia continuous this policy if it is so ruinous . 
  could it be that the aliyev regime 's insanity and it 's schizophrenic negotiation tactics might just mean that armenians ca n't feel safe in consigning 150,000 of their compatriots to something that would as things stand now at best result in an apartheid equivalent and at worst genocide ? 
  it 's also hilarious for someone who sold his soul to the aliyev regime for petro-dollars to go on about poor , impoverished armenia when the aliyev regime is one of the worst kleptocracies in the world and has managed with all its oil wealth to have an average salary below that of impoverished , isolated armenia . 
   armenians living in multicultural azerbaijan , by contrast , have prospered , how have armenians in ` multicultural azerbaijan ' prospered , exactly ? 
  they 're a negligible minority ( 350,000 outside of nk before the war , a few thousand now at most ) that 's mostly in hiding and suffering from an extremely armenophobic government . 
  it 's a ridiculous farce to describe a community that 's been decimated to 1 % of what it was pre-war and basically has to hide itself away as a prospering community . 
   and all future inhabitants of a post-settlement nagorno-karabakh have been offered the highest level of autonomy . 
  which is a basically worthless promise given that azerbaijan is ridiculously armenophobic , has a history of colonial settler rule of nk ( which is entirely uncontroversial within azerbaijan ) , knows basically no rule of law , and dealt with the laughably meaningless ` autonomy ' nk previously had by just unilaterally abolishing it . 
   the government of azerbaijan , the people of azerbaijan and the hundreds of thousands of refugees and internally displaced persons ( idps ) have been patient for many years . 
  the osce minsk group has had every chance to bring about a diplomatic solution , and in due course it developed the ` madrid principles ' . 
  how has the government of azerbaijan been patient if it continuously rattles its sabers and encourages border skirmishing ? 
   this compromise solution would have allowed azerbaijanis and armenians to live side by side once again . 
  actually quite a dubious claim , both sides were and are hesitant as to actually leaving its people under the other 's sovereignty . 
  what he hesitates to mention is that the madrid principles also imply an independence referendum . 
   azerbaijan accepted it , but sadly armenia walked away . 
  once again a dubious claim . 
  both sides failed to implement most of what was called for . 
  azerbaijan for instance has refused to pull back its heavy weapons or install ceasefire monitoring systems . 
  unequivocally blaming any one side is dishonest . 
   despite the harsh treatment many of them received from the invading armenian forces , i have yet to hear one refugee or idp declare anything other than a desire to once again live next to their armenian neighbours in peace -- as they had previously done for generations . 
  anecdotal nonsense . 
  azerbaijan is about as committed to peaceful coexistence with armenians in nk as israel is to peaceful coexistence with the palestinians on the west bank . 
   in multicultural azerbaijan , jewish , orthodox , catholic and protestant communities continue to thrive you know which community is n't thriving ? 
  the armenian one which has been practically eradicated . 
  curious how the armenian minority is either continuously omitted from the narrative or outright lied about . 
   in stark contrast to mono-ethnic armenia . 
  ah yes we 're back to blaming armenia for being homogeneous . 
  are n't most of these ` cossacks ' basically larpers at this stage ? 
  the point is that we 're not going by ` russian logic ' , cupcake . 
  if you care about international law at all then territorial integrity does n't just apply to countries you like . 
  chechnya was n't a neighboring country , it was and still is part of the russian federation . 
  it 's as much a neighboring country to russia as abkhazia and south-ossetia are to georgia , or as donetsk and luhansk are to ukraine . 
  someone please send help . 
  it wo n't stop . 
  oh geez guys , can someone come help ? 
  i think i broke it . 
  it 's stuck nonsensically looping variations of ` you are proving my point ' again . 
  how does it reset ? 
  do i just hit it over the head or something ? 
   lol , belarus is a shithole . 
  hardly better . 
  before russia waged real and economic war belarus and ukraine were similiarly poor , 1.5-3x the ( real ) gdp per capita ( the exact ratio differs over the last 10 years ) is n't ` hardly better ' nor ` similarly poor ' , dear .
