  there are also immigrants from suriname and the island states that are still part of the crown but have some autonomy . 
  the latter are n't very big in number . 
  about 1/3rd ( seriously ) of suriname came to the netherlands when they got independence and more kept coming as suriname descended into dictatorship . 
  the moroccans and turks arived here in the 60 's and 70 's when there was a labor-shortage . 
  the understanding at that time was that this was a temporary thing , they were ( mostly ) to return at some point , they have n't , so yeah . 
  add family reunion to that and you have a fairly big community of both . 
  he 's right in a sense . 
  the official title was \u0418\u043c\u043f\u0435\u0440\u0430\u0442\u043e\u0440\u044a \u0412\u0441\u0435\u0440\u043e\u0441\u0441\u0456\u0439\u0441\u043a\u0456\u0439 = imperator vserossiyskiy = emperor of all russia . 
  czar/tsar was still commonly used though ( even down to the national anthem , god save the tsar ) and nicholas ii , as a slavophile , preferred tsar over imperator . 
  peter the great was the last official * tsar * of russia in this rather pedantic sense . 
  perpetual ridiculous victim-playing , perhaps ? 
  russia definitely pressured the ottomans into reform and protection of the armenians after the 1878 war . 
  the problem is that britain did n't like the russians having too much influence over ottoman domestic issues . 
  besides , accepting masses of syrian refugees into europe is n't cost-effective for one and defeats the point considering most would likely never go back . 
  providing funds for neighboring countries to accommodate refugees and taking definite steps to end the fighting ( i.e. 
  actually have a constructive policy towards syria ) would be a much better policy . 
  the armenian issue got ` solved ' by the armenians all being forced to leave ( and half of their remaining country being annexed ) and most found asylum , but i 'd say that was n't quite a humanitarian solution , would you ? 
  estonia was actually annexed though , not just occupied . 
  an occupation is n't the same as legitimate , recognized rule though . 
  does extensive bunkerization count as power ? 
  most of those descent theories seem really weird to me considering the bulgarians have a rather well-established origin . 
  neither does lithuania though . 
  5.8 % ( as of 2011 ) is pretty negligible ( plus they actually gave them citizenship instead of making them essentially stateless like latvia and estonia did ) . 
  which is exactly what i said . 
  plus , like most other european countries , there 's a clear difference between law on the continent and in the colonies . 
  for instance , slavery was abolished * in * most european states , but those states would generally still practice it overseas . 
  i think you mean you were the second most industrialised economy . 
  i very much doubt the economy of belgium at the time was larger than that of france , austria or russia . 
  distorting russian history tends to fuel russophobia , i 'd guess that that 's the issue they have with it . 
  ( or just deliberately damage it if it happens to have armenians origins ), 
  to be fair , the thing he 's replying to is also a dank meme . 
  it 's just bizarre to me how russia manages to gain sympathy and allegiance from both extreme left and extreme right all over europe . 
  plus the amount of doublethink these people need to justify their support of russia . 
  supposedly christian russia is far more tolerant of islam than any non-orthodox form of christianity . 
  its numbers of regular church-goers is relatively low . 
  its stats on abortion are abysmal , its laws on it relatively liberal . 
  supposedly non-degenerate russia is suffering from a worse aids epidemic than all of supposedly degenerate western europe . 
  now to the left . 
  they support a russia that has systematically moved towards ethnocentrism . 
  a russia that 's in the process of breaking down its social/health services and spending more and more on its military . 
  a russia that is unapologetically irredentist . 
  a russia that utterly rejects internationalism . 
  a russia that is increasingly homophobic . 
  it just boggles the mind how these useful idiots manage to justify this to themselves . 
  every country is a construct in that sense . 
  russia already lost the other soviet republics in her ` decolonization ' , the vast majority of her current provinces are majority russian and the ones that are n't could never be viable states for the most part . 
  if you 're gon na make dumbass comments like this one about russia where do we stop ? 
  should persia balkanize too ? 
  china ? 
  india ? 
  france ? 
  personally i 'm quite offended at 17th century french military expansion at the expense of the hre and belgium . 
  let 's decolonize france . 
  i know with recent occurrences ( and the influx of ukrainians here ) it 's been popular to speculate on russian balkanization but the simple fact is that there is absolutely no prospect of that happening . 
  i 'd honestly have to go with the nordics just in annoyance of the eternal internet circlejerk of left-wing americans orgasming at scandinavian social democracy that is absolutely in no way flawed and is exactly the thing that the us should be yesterday and why is this not a thing * here * and they value people and not money and they care about the planet and they 're all atheists and they love science and they have free healthcare and they have free university and their language is so cool and i watched this movie about thor once and he was kewl and vikings and hot blonde people and 12 amazingly surprising things about sweden that shows just how wrong we are . 
  eeh . 
  i 'm not as enthusiastic . 
  it really seems to appeal to the russophobic demographic here . 
  the apparent support for irredentism is also a little worrying . 
  not unique to russia . 
  crimea has been illegally and unilaterally annexed . 
  it is not under occupation in that sense . 
  k\u00f6nigsberg / kaliningrad is even more of a stretch of that term , it 's been russian territory for 70 years now and its annexation was accepted by the state it was annexed from . 
  true but there 's been sketchy reports ( often originating on ukrainian websites ) that russia was somehow in for a balkanisation of sorts , which is absolute nonsense . 
  could we cool it down with the analogy-fetishism ? 
  take actual steps to combat discrimination of russians ? 
  get a comprehensive program going to get soviet-era migrants estonian citizenship ? 
  what happened to estonia and latvia is shitty but they 'd have much less of a security threat from their russian minority if they 'd taken more comprehensive steps to integrate them . 
  let 's be deliberately obtuse in regard to a complex situation to make a lame joke . 
  the last border adjustment was actually just before wwii . 
  in a german mediated agreement romania agreed to cede southern dobruja back to bulgaria and to exchange populations of each others ' ethnicities . 
  bulgaria also briefly tried to annex the whole of dobruja following romania 's initial defeat in wwi but the central powers lost the war before they could force that through . 
  the relation between the native balts and their russians is marred by a former occupation and a somewhat hostile government policy towards soviet-era immigrants and their descendants . 
  western europe ( which is were most immigrants would head anyway ) does n't have the same problem . 
  and i do n't think many highly-educated russians are rushing to immigrate to the baltic countries anyway . 
  because what we really need in this thread is a 20th century retread of a bunch of 19th century racist hogwash . 
  i wonder how much better the people who said stuff like this felt of ukrainians ( if they even knew of a distinction at all ) . 
  these are weirdly specific . 
  i 'm beginning to feel like this sub is turning into / r/mapporncirclejerk . 
   so you would be in favor of keeping all of the integral parts of the countries no matter what , no matter how many people die ? 
  as opposed to a blanket policy of letting parts of countries go whenever a violent insurgency pops up ... yes ? 
  separatist entities like transnistria , donetsk , luhansk etc. 
  play havoc with regional stability and become smuggling dens . 
  separatist sentiment is also notoriously easy to manipulate and often stimulates sectarian violence . 
  of course the separatist conflicts themselves are awful but if creating a new country was as easy as starting a violent insurgency world order would collapse . 
  it 's better for occasional conflicts to happen over secession than for constant fragmentation and political instability to be endemic . 
  or it 's just that your criteria for being obliged to let go of integral territories are insane and would justify crimea , donetsk , luhansk , transnistria etc. 
  if countries let go of their territories every time an insurgency popped up chaos would ensue . 
  well it oscillates . 
  being a default sub means bigger topics attract more people from their front page or / r/all which tends to shit up bigger threads ( see any big topic to do with turkey , russia , immigration , refugees , religion etc. 
  ) , smaller threads can still be decent and reasonable . 
  no , but at least you 're edgy . 
  the eu does n't come into it . 
  the ebu and by extension the esc have nothing to do with the eu . 
  being on the same list as isis is unfortunate but it 's merely a mishap . 
  kosovo is categorically banned anyhow as it is n't competing and is n't a un member state . 
  ethnic serbs still vote . 
  the kosovo constitution allows dual citizenship . 
  even if it did n't northern kosovo ( which is contiguous with serbia proper and majority serb ) is in practice still part of serbia in the sense that it 's consistently rejected pristina 's authority . 
  not quite .
