   because russians have imported their people into non-russian regions ... how is that for justice ? 
  in your subjective view of justice it 's the most terrible thing that has ever happened in the world . 
  in the view of anyone with a clue of world history it 's pretty par for the course as far as human history goes . 
   old world realistically though . 
  take catalonia , scotland , tibet etc - i support all of their independence movements . 
  and ` old world ' unrealistically , such as all over russia where * they would not have majorities * and where you have no way of ever enforcing this nonsense . 
   wow ... what ? 
  you 're literally advocating the breaking up of large states against the wishes of the majority population . 
   seriously - take latvia , which had almost a russian majority . 
  do you really think they should n't have gotten independence if russians had become a majority through occupying the land and importing its people there ??? 
  the ones starting the conflict would have been the local russians or mother russia coming to their `` aid '' . 
  again , great going with being inanely reductive . 
  as i said before if these things have happened recently and illegally and there 's a way to apply pressure to the guilty country to voluntarily repatriate i 'd argue for that to happen . 
   wth ... you 've not come up with an adequate argument for about 10 comments straight now . 
   your claim about me , indeed . 
  i 'm done with this . 
  continue believing whatever warped vision you have of yourself , i 'm sure it 's a very nice delusion . 
   so consider this . 
  `` real life application of a law , which takes stolen property away from thieves and gives it back to their original owners , in practice invites violence . '', 
  - now i 'm not saying it applies to this situation 100 % , but it shows you that threatening with violence is preferable to one part , yet it does n't mean they should get their way . 
  well it 's good you 're not saying it applies 100 % since it applies 0 % . 
  the law is there to provide stability , protect property rights , provide security etc. 
  it 's not there to right the wrongs of centuries ago or millennia ago and completely turn the political status on its head . 
  same with international law . 
  multinational states russia , turkey , iran etc. 
  being partitioned according to your subjective view of historic justice is arbitrary , inconsistent , unlawful , biased , and likely to cause further trouble . 
  these are states with just the same rights as estonia , deal with it . 
   and you do n't think such cases are already dysfunctional ? 
  let 's take the example of russia . 
  russia is despite its flaws a functional state that provides all of the services that states should . 
  its federal regions have language rights that make sure the indigenous groups there can continue their traditions and are protected . 
  none of its regions barring chechnya ever saw outright war and nowhere outside of the north caucasus has there ever been significant ethnic unrest . 
  now compare that with the semi-independent chechnya born out of your vaunted principles . 
  it was lawless , dirt-poor , could n't provide basic services , had a thriving kidnapping industry , and perennially spawned islamic militants that would cause trouble throughout the north caucasus and beyond ( nagorno-karabakh , syria , iraq , afghanistan etc. ) . 
  and this was a region that was majority ` indigenous ' , we 're not even dealing with one of your fantastical situations of * rule by tiny ethnic minority * . 
   oh no , just against every single case . 
  every single case where it would be extremely likely to solve nothing , where you would hand over exclusive political power * to an ethnic minority * who would then use it the perceived detriment of nearly the whole of the rest of the population , where it would be extremely likely to cause ethnic conflict . 
  i lean on the side of territorial integrity as far as territorial integrity vs self-determination goes anyhow but can you seriously not see that a minority ca n't hold exclusive political power to the detriment of the majority population without that causing friction ? 
  this is n't la-la land . 
   why would we do that ? 
  another strawman ... you would do that . 
  you argue consistently for breakup of russia even though it ca n't be demographically justified and you would have nobody to enforce this nonsense . 
  whenever i claim that you only support this idiocy for russia because you hate russia you then claim that you support it practically all over the world . 
  it 's not a strawman to actually apply your worldview as you have repeatedly stated that you would apply it . 
   many would have quite big populations , bigger than in my country for example ... 
  some times , some times not depending on where you would draw the border . 
  the point is that you still have nobody to actually enforce this , * which you would have to do militarily * to the detriment of the majority population . 
  militarily creating new countries every other week does n't help global and regional stability . 
   if you cause , it 's your crime . 
  you would be causing it in this scenario . 
  we 're following your worldview and applying your principles . 
   be thorough , just do n't bring in dozens of new issues when arguing against one argument . 
  it 's a common logical fallacy . 
  providing examples of the policy you 're advocating repeatedly failing is n't a fallacy , and being thorough about why it would fail also is n't . 
  i 'm not bringing up new issues i 'm simply thoroughly explaining why your favored policies are impractical , would n't help anyone ( certainly not the people you 're trying to help ) , would cause dozens of conflicts , and would never be applied by any respectable statesman even if they were in a position to do it . 
   remember we are not creating long reports here , there 's no way anyone would find a lengthy comment of a random stranger that interesting to continue for a while . 
  fine , then stop replying . 
  you still have odessa as far as nice beaches and mediterranean-like places go . 
  and as far as annoying stereotypes go i 'd note one for russia ( not my country , but still ) and say that even siberia does n't have a climate like siberia ; much of southern and western siberia has a perfectly comfortable climate and is perfectly habitable . 
  it 's only the more lightly-populated northern parts where its consistently cold ( though yes , actual winters are pretty harsh throughout all of siberia ) . 
   i mean , i get that you are referring to possible results , but you generalize way way too much . 
  plus a similar argument can be construed about wanting independence and the need to cast all such thoughts aside as the other side may fire one bullet towards you . 
  you 're being reductionist . 
  i 'm not arguing against self-determination as a concept , i 'm arguing against the absurdity of a system where we would fracture every large state everywhere and political power in hundreds of new mini-states would be concentrated with minorities that are as little as 12 % of a population ( which would somehow magically * not * cause ethnic conflict ) . 
  it 's crystal-clear to anyone with a clue that no functional society or state apparatus could be built from such a foundation and that denying the vast majority of a state 's population political rights ( or severely curtailing them ) * based on their ethnicity * quite clearly invites ethnic conflict as it has done in south-africa , zimbabwe , abkhazia , lebanon etc. 
   your answers are way too long to keep answering them interesting . 
  sorry for being thorough . 
  i 'm working on my one-liners . 
   you insult me with your generalizations and stating that i want ethnic cleansing to happen ... and once again i never argued that you literally want it to happen . 
  i 've explained about five times why i keep referring to ethnic conflict as an inevitable consequence in these scenarios of yours , i wo n't do so again . 
   again , your claims , not mine . 
  same phrase three times . 
  still just as hollow . 
   one part possibly organizing an ethnic conflict does n't strip the other part from their rights ... point being ? 
  i 'm not moralizing about minority rights and majority rights , i 'm pointing out that any real-life application of your scenario would in practice invite ethnic conflict and probably consistently create dysfunctional societies and states . 
  which i 've never accused you of . 
  i 've accused you of harboring anti-russian sentiment and letting that colour your worldview . 
  i 've accused you of a lack of critical thinking and a lack of self-awareness . 
  what i have not accused you of is literally wanting ethnic cleansing . 
  i 've simply laid out the argument that scenarios of ethnic minority rule like the one you 're proposing often end up with ethnic conflict in real life and your calling for them seems to be largely based on animosity towards a certain ethnicity . 
  i for one am astounded i 'm still trying with the immense lack of self-awareness and lack of critical thinking there 's been displayed so far but here i am . 
  really though , when not continuing a conversation it generally suffices to actually not continue with that conversation instead of announcing the intention three times over . 
  ok there , chief . 
  if that 's what you believe then keep playing in la-la land where you can do everything possible to stoke ethnic conflict and then never have ethnic conflict happen or even be a possiblity . 
  where you can propose fantastical scenarios and then never have them looked at critically . 
  if you feel that 's what i 'm implying then you 're misreading what i 'm saying . 
   because the entire territory of estonia is traditional ethnic estonian habitat , despite some regions now being majority russian . 
  k  plus , estonia seceded twice from a state that did n't recognize the right to secede for its regions . 
  the soviet union did officially have a policy and procedure for it ( though it was n't done according to that procedure anywhere ; it was designed so that republics would have to let minority regions secede in turn ) and recognized estonia 's secession before it actually fell apart . 
  the russian empire also fell apart before most of what is now international law was firmly established . 
   but the question here is not whether the indigenous nation starts an ethnic conflict , right ? 
  the reason i mentioned that bit was because estonia would n't have an issue with seperatism regardless of whether we apply your concept of indigenousness to ethnic-russian border regions ; international law does n't permit unilateral secession and would tolerate estonia military combating separatism if such a situation were provoked by moscow . 
   because i claimed that the indigenous people should get to decide the future of the political status of the country and you countered that with a possibility of an ethnic conflict by which you must have meant that the immigrant people will start the conflict because why would the indigenous people start the conflict if they get to make the decision . 
  i brought up estonia as an example were just because a ( non-indigenous ) minority would engage in separatism it would n't be an issue as long as you apply universal principles of territorial integrity which also apply to larger more multi-ethnic states like russia . 
   indeed they are , but to a degree . 
  germany actually does n't force its regions to speak one standard for example . 
  plus all of these countries ( besides turkey more and more ... ) are democratic nations with lots of civil liberties , so the regions can demand the respect of regional culture , which in russia it 's not very possible . 
  russia has over 35 official languages on a state level . 
  i 'd say they 're making an effort . 
   how am i ignoring history again ?
