  / r/europe really seems to love reducing a country 's history to idiotically simplified narratives or outright memes . 
  see also `` poland the eternal victim '' and `` russia the eternal aggressor '' . 
  i 'd say get used to it . 
  inane masturbatory speculation over russia 's supposed future collapse seems to be one of our favorite pastimes over here in / r/europe . 
  absolute nonsense on par with the `` and then things got worse '' meme . 
   you complained about the source , yet you failed to realize that the source is just presenting the words of robert elsie . 
  robert ` good albanian ' elsie , who has received the medal of courage from albania ? 
   if you do n't mind b92 reporting on a simple issue , why the fuck would you question interfaithkosovo.org if in this case it 's only a medium for robert elsie to speak his mind ? 
  because interfaithkosovo is a propaganda effort to spread the fiction of kosovo as a ` country ' for anyone other than albanians . 
  admittedly i 'd have been better off tackling robert elsie directly rather than focusing on the propaganda medium providing him with a platform . 
  interfaithkosovo is trying to convince us to take a moral position : i.e. 
  the albanians are ultimately the victims , the serbs ultimately the perpetrators , and an independent kosovo is a paradise of multi-faith harmony that those darn serbs ca n't get their bigoted heads around . 
  i 'd have no issue with interfaithkosovo being used as a source if it 's reporting on something simple that would be corroborated by other , reliable sources . 
   moreover , i never claimed it 's true simply because he 's a scholar . 
  you do claim it 's true , i presume ? 
  you consider him a quality source even though the passage you quoted is from a speech held in the national library in pristina . 
  b92 's an obviously biased source but it is reporting on a simple issue ; kosovo failed in its bid to join unesco , which is objectively true . 
  besides , you can find scholars to support virtually any position . 
  i could easily quote a number of scholars who 'll say that the armenian genocide did n't happen . 
  yes , interfaithkosovo.org will doubtless provide us with the balanced , non-biased perspective needed . 
  surely it is n't some propaganda effort or something ...  this site is implemented through digital diplomacy program of british council and kosovo foreign ministry and it does not reflect the opinions or policies of sponsoring organizations . 
  copyright interfaith kosovo 2012 . 
  aw shucks . 
  welp , that format is seriously annoying . 
  at least the comments are entertainingly insane :  what he says about humour is so true !, 
  can you believe a whole civilisation is so infused , drown in its own toxicity and barbaric behaviours that even in its most beautiful expression , humour , the only thing that result is self-entitlement at the expense of someone else ? 
  in ancient asia , pre-colonial africa and middle-east when you read some poetry , tales and stuff , the humour was always based on wisdom . 
  actually the humour was just a compassionate pretext to share wisdom about being compassionate . 
  it was instrasically good , as it was a pleasure to make people feel and be better . 
  when you look at european cultures , apart from some intellectuals highly influenced by arabs , themselves influenced by africans and asians , most of them would use satire , sarcasm , cynical jokes to make you understand something even more sinister . 
  europeans do n't have so much a language of love and compassion . 
  they have to navigate through hatred and dimunition of the others , to access joy and satisfaction  i was n't comparing anything but if i speak in terms of how an abusive civilisation is damaging on the short and long run for other civilisations , and if we refer to facts , judging on intentions , diversity and perversity of forms of abuse , perpetuations , consistency , and consequences , white culture is alone in the top 1 . 
  denying it is just foolish , i would n't pay attention so please do not lose your time trying to convince me of the contrary . 
  and yes im so ignorant , teach me please i really do feel for afrocentrists and their psychotic devotion to inane identity politics and their compulsive need to see everything through a postcolonial lens . 
  honestly , there 's a conversation worth having on the failures of multiculturalism in the netherlands but as the comments show this kind of stuff effectively functions as an echo chamber considering the kind of audience it gets . 
  i 'd wager that he meant anti-soviet as in an official patriotic celebration without any soviet-era ideological baggage or symbolism , not as something specifically opposing the soviet union . 
  well it 's a patriotic thing during a time of renewed confrontation with the west . 
  it 's hardly surprising for stuff like that to turn up . 
  it has to do with attention seeking . 
  the republican party seems like a train wreck to me . 
  rubio and cruz seems to be the only candidates in the top 5 to be even semi-electable ( though i doubt cruz ' tough-guy-act will carry him into office ) and they 're both scoring single figure ratings . 
  the republicans keep flirting with the fringe candidates ( carson and trump , santorum , palin ) hoping to get this ` outsider ' thing going without realizing that these people can * never * win a general election because they 're insanely divisive and are just not knowledgeable enough to occupy that office . 
  plus there 's the clown car of < 5 % nobodies they drag onto these debates . 
  though on the flip side the democrats are seemingly torn between ever-divisive hillary clinton and bernie sanders who ( despite all the craze ) does n't seem electable and even if he is elected will probably get stonewalled by a republican congress when american progressives once again forget that they have to keep on voting if they actually want to change anything in the long term . 
  though the smugness of some people here about how much more progressive ` we ' are ( which is certainly amusing considering attitudes to some other subjects in this sub ) is somewhat annoying , as is the standard edgy cynical `` it 's all the same shit wake up sheeple '' stuff . 
  it 's the same thing for ( eastern ) europe as well . 
  poles used to think they were the easternmost of civilized europeans guarding the frontier against dem dirty asiatic russians , as did the germans to their west think of the poles later on . 
  with the malaise of spain and birth of racial theories and shit during the 19th century all of a sudden africa was considered ( by some ) to start at the pyrenees . 
  nowadays you get the incessant shit about how poland is really central european and the balts are all northern european instead of eastern european . 
  ( some ) ukrainian ( ultra - ) nationalists consider russians to be fake slavs considering their ( in this case overstated ) uralic heritage so they themselves are the real easternmost slavs guarding against the uncivilized east . 
  the barbarian is always just over the frontier i guess . 
  honestly , at this point like 3/4th of the planet has been claimed to be * the * place where east meets west . 
  everywhere from tatarstan to azerbaijan to the balkan to turkey to bosnia to lebanon to korea to where the fuck ever just describe the place you cunts do n't use le east meets west maymay, 
  well , various polls show that there 's a lot of anti-immigration sentiment , possibly a majority . 
  it 's just that most countries in europe are representative democracies , not direct ones , and people have other issues to think about apart from immigration ( + lots of people just do n't vote ) when they decide who to vote for . 
  and immigration is a difficult thing to stop within the legal framework politicians have to work in ( international treaties , conventions , law ) . 
  we ca n't reasonably speaking put a wall up outside the netherlands and we have an obligation to consider the asylum applications that are submitted . 
   half of ukraine wants to be russian absolute nonsense . 
  russia 's armed incursion only had enough support in parts of two tiny provinces . 
  by all accounts the vast majority of the country identifies as ukrainian even though a large part of them is russophone . 
  even in parts of ukraine that are heavily russophone and have a long history with russia like odessa people identify mostly as ukrainian . 
   let them have a democratic referendum like crimea crimea was n't a democratic referendum . 
  even if it was it has no legitimacy because it was conducted while the area was under occupation . 
  i 'm all for referendums and self-determination otherwise but even if ukraine would authorize them ( which i very much doubt ) i do n't think you 'll have any regions actually seceding . 
  sure . 
  constantly posting idiotic low-quality clickbait anti-russian articles , constantly claiming russia is somehow a uniquely evil country and that russian influence is inherently evil and inferior , posting masturbatory inane stuff speculating on the disintegration of the russian federation , constantly posting superfluous comments the purpose of which only is to remind us all how very bad russia is . 
  you sure love russia . 
  posting anti-russian shit all day long you mean . 
  jesus christ , you never quit do you ? 
   i never said nothing happened to the greeks ( tell me where i said that ) you omitted it even though it 's important to the context . 
   it happened between 1919-1923 , thats post-world war 1 and most massacres of those greek massacres happened pre-ww1 or during ww1 . 
  i view that as intimately connected to wwi . 
  by post-wwi i also meant after the greco-turkish war , i should 've specified . 
   so you 're denying that turks were n't massacred by greeks when during the asia minor campaign ? 
  no , but i take issue with a narrative of `` evil greece vs innocent turkey '' . 
  wikipedia happens to offer [ a decent overview ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamic_democracy#indices_of_democracy_in_muslim_countries ) . 
  plenty of democracies , most of them illiberal or flawed but democracies nonetheless . 
  i 'd question the degree to which turkey 's democracy functions given its [ repeated military coups ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:military_coups_in_turkey ) and the deep-seated militant nationalism that seems to pervade its political culture . 
  though the whole argument / u/tszemix was making is admittedly nonsense . 
  yes and before that absolutely nothing happened to those greeks , [ right ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_genocide ) ? 
  i do n't even know how this is relevant when / u/jakopf seems to be referring to the post-wwi period but got ta warm up that s\u00e8vres syndrome again i guess . 
  + russian recession . 
  bih simply does n't function very well ; forcing the serbs back into a state they do n't want to be a part of while maintaining most of their ( secessionist - ) state institutions basically left all sides unsatisfied . 
  they also seem to be obfuscating that the serbs probably have very different ideas about the replacement of dayton than the croats and bosniaks do ( though the latter two might well disagree with one another on key issues as well ) . 
  well , war is probably not imminent but post-dayton bih is still quite fragile . 
  it 's like duct-tape to the carcass of the idea of a sovereign bosnia . 
  the status quo is inherently unstable because it infuriates both sides in different ways . 
  when did i ever contradict that ? 
   transnistria was compensation for the second vienna award [ 1 ] . 
  germany took northern transylvania from romania , gave it to hungary and gave us transnistria from the ussr to shut us up . 
  many romanians were n't happy with that decision . 
  not going to argue with that . 
  i 'm familiar with the history . 
  the point is n't that i think romania got what was coming to it or something like that , i genuinely do feel sympathy for what you went through . 
  it 's just that i get annoyed by the notion that western countries had any obligation to help romania and the insistence of / u/tainttickling ( who seems to be somewhat of a neo-nazi/fascist given his comment history ) that them not doing so is somehow proof of western russophilia . 
   do you know how romania was formed ? 
  this part reeks of ignorance : romania was formed from the principalities of wallachia and moldavia in 1859 ( as the united principalities , the kingdom itself being declared in 1881 ) . 
  moldavia had suffered some territorial losses before that , notably bukovina in 1774 ( to austria ) and its eastern half which was annexed to russia in 1812 and came to be known as bessarabia under imperial russian administration ( the extreme south of which was briefly returned to moldavia in 1856 and was then reannexed to russia in exchange for dobruja which was taken from turkey ) and as moldavia under the soviets which is where the awkward naming issues come from . 
  that sound about right ? 
  romania reannexed the entirety of bessarabia following the russian empire 's collapse in 1917 .
