   but the alternative was more ethnic cleansing . 
  it really was n't . 
  kosovo before the bombing did n't see more sectarian violence or ethnic cleansing than ` we ' had accepted from our allies before . 
  if kosovo was justified and the policy towards it not arbitrary then turkey would 've been bombed to hell to create a kurdistan decades ago . 
   i was in nis , serbia a couple months ago and saw a big mural `` kosovo is serbian '' . 
  this feels to me like if someone painted a mural in berlin saying `` danzig ist deutsch '' . 
  it 's more like somebody in ukraine painting a mural saying crimea/donetsk/luhansk is ukrainian regardless of what it might feel like to you . 
  bombing a country , carving away its sovereign territory and moulding a vassal state from it does n't tend to create a conciliatory mood . 
  shocking is n't it ? 
  the party in question is run by two turkish-dutch labor party defectors , and despite its supposed ideology of being a minority-party its stance on various issues to do with turkey ( turkish meddling in dutch domestic affairs , armenian genocide recognition ) are more those of turkish nationalists than those of multiculturalists . 
  also , one of the two leading members is currently under investigation for corruption and nepotism in his previous career in real estate . 
  which is of course not to say there are n't any issues as far as ethnic minorities in the netherlands go . 
  only that the party in question is a bit of a joke and if it does end up as ` the minorities party ' that would be a disaster . 
   and that is besides of what happened to ukraine , even though it had a written promise from the uk , the usa , france and russia , that they would help protect ukraine 's borders , in exchange for ukraine giving up its nuclear weapons . 
  actually read [ the text of the budapest memorandum ] ( https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/ukraine._memorandum_on_security_assurances ) before spouting ignorant nonsense please . 
  the united states of america , the russian federation , and the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , reaffirm their commitment to ukraine , in accordance with the principles of the csce final act , to respect the independence and sovereignty and the existing borders of ukraine . 
  the united states of america , the russian federation , and the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , reaffirm their obligation to refrain from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of ukraine , and that none of their weapons will ever be used against ukraine except in self-defense or otherwise in accordance with the charter of the united nations . 
  the united states of america , the russian federation , and the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , reaffirm their commitment to ukraine , in accordance with the principles of the csce final act , to refrain from economic coercion designed to subordinate to their own interest the exercise by ukraine of the rights inherent in its sovereignty and thus to secure advantages of any kind . 
  the united states of america , the russian federation , and the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , reaffirm their commitment to seek immediate united nations security council action to provide assistance to ukraine , as a non-nuclear-weapon state party to the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons , if ukraine should become a victim of an act of aggression or an object of a threat of aggression in which nuclear weapons are used . 
  the united states of america , the russian federation , and the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , reaffirm , in the case of the ukraine , their commitment not to use nuclear weapons against any non-nuclear-weapon state party to the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons , except in the case of an attack on themselves , their territories or dependent territories , their armed forces , or their allies , by such a state in association or alliance with a nuclear weapon state . 
  the united states of america , the russian federation , and the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland will consult in the event a situation arises which raises a question concerning these commitments . 
  notice how none of this obliges any of these states to actually help ukraine militarily and protect its borders in situations like the one we 're in now and that the us and the uk are pretty much following their commitments as laid out in these six points . 
  the budapest memorandum is in absolutely no way , shape , or form comparable to the nato treaty . 
   in fact there were a at least 150,000 of them according to sources . 
  quite a significant army , do n't you think ? 
  how exactly would * russian * armenians serving in the * russian * army justify the massacre and deportation of * turkish * armenians ? 
  moldova is just sad . 
  everything but but a handful of urban centres just getting snuffed out . 
  also peculiar how belgorod oblast ( russia , north of ukraine ) seems to have boomed since 1992 . 
  cyprus rebounding nicely , good on them . 
  the bundestag is the lower house of parliament , which includes the opposition and is not directly analogous to the government itself . 
  merkel herself for example was not present for the vote . 
  having the support of a significant portion of the population does n't matter considering it 'll never be anywhere near a majority and he 's alienated practically every other party at this point which means nobody wants a coalition with him in it . 
  you 'd have to be really ignorant of the political situation in the netherlands to think that wilders has any shot at becoming pm . 
  yes but the two are often conflated in pop-history , which is what i 'm alluding to . 
  serbia 's potential date of accession is still decades away , the sanctions on russia will probably peter out before that since there 's already been strong calls for them to not be renewed when it 's only been two years so far . 
  the exact earliest use of concentration camps is disputed . 
  though it should be noted that germany 's extermination camps were the first of their kind specifically designed to kill and are n't exactly analogous with the spanish , imperial german , and british examples . 
  the latter three were actually intended to concentrate populations , not exterminate them ( though the high death toll was likely anticipated beforehand ) . 
  nazi germany 's concentration camps and extermination camps are commonly both referred to as concentration camps but there were distinct differences between the two . 
  it had the herero genocide under its belt , which is broadly similar to what the russian empire did to the circassians , though somewhat smaller scale . 
  i guess those were just the [ happy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baku_pogrom ) , [ wholesome ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sumgait_pogrom ) , [ family-friendly ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_ring ) kind of pogroms the azerbaijanis organized . 
  and those 350,000-400 ,000 armenian azerbaijanis ( outside of nk ) just took a sudden permanent vacation because that 's just a thing armenians do , right ? 
  do some basic research and apply just a smidgen of critical thinking please . 
  the azerbaijanis are n't ipso facto the good guys just because they 're muh glorious turkic brother people . 
  to be fair that more or less applies for both sides in this particular conflict . 
  the nk conflict really does n't have a good side . 
  overtly siding with and helping any one side there is n't a good way to resolve it . 
  helping resolve it in a way that leaves both sides at least partly satisfied ( easier said than done ) will help both armenia and azerbaijan immensely , though it 'll involve painful concessions from both of them . 
  i think society should pay less attention and attach less value to the political opinions of celebrities . 
   when they say turkish origins here do they mean dual-citizens born in turkey or 2nd/3rd generation dutch citizens maintaining strong ties to turkey ? 
  both of them were born here . 
  as to the strong ties with turkey , they 're very much against armenian genocide recognition , and refused to condemn turkey 's move to ask dutch turks to report anti-erdogan comments . 
  for some context of what kind of people these two are : when in parliament a vote went out on the armenian genocide they requested a recorded vote and subsequently published [ a video of that vote ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpsoavtcv_w ) on youtube in order to name and shame those parliamentarians of turkish origin who voted in favor of calling for genocide recognition . 
  [ hotel chisinau is the oldest hotel in chisinau city . 
  we are ready to meet till 120 guests . 
  welcome ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bav28hvnnue ), 
  cultural suppression and assimilationist policies are n't the same thing as ethnic cleansing . 
  compare france 's policies towards minority languages with the nkvd 's deportations of whole groups ( greeks , crimean tatars , poles etc. ), 
  or the post-wwii deportations of germans , ukrainians , hungarians , serbs etc. 
  though to be fair mossadegh was blatantly overplaying his hand and being much more rigid in his demands than iran 's bargaining power logically permitted . 
  having an imperial power impose its will on you is hardly ideal and not at all fair but mossadegh 's policies were ruinous for iran as well , and the ensuing regimes were much more effective at actually cashing in on the oil sales . 
  only central and eastern europe really had ethnic cleansing like that happen to them . 
  western europe was relatively free of it and most changing demographics there were the result of assimilation ( which was n't always gentle either ) . 
  symbolism has a lot to do with it i 'd say . 
  a big ole ' crescent on a blood-red background seems a lot more threatening to your average westerner than a harmless tricolor flag . 
  though sometimes turkish protesters seem to be in the habit of playing ottoman military music and cosplaying with military outfits which honestly is ridiculous . 
  in the netherlands there was a big one at an armenian genocide memorial a while back with all that nonsense and the repeated chanting about the coming ethnic cleansing of the armenians in karabakh . 
  possible turkish government/embassy involvement with that one as well . 
  he 's talking about wwi though . 
  the only significant territory lost following wwi that was primarily german-populated was danzig ( alsace-lorraine could be disputed but did n't matter a great deal ) , greater poland and the parts of upper silesia that seceded were majority polish , as was the polish corridor . 
  northern schleswig was majority danish and also seceded by way of public plebiscite . 
  no , not by a long shot . 
  [ this one is ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vaalserberg ) , or alternatively [ this one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mount_scenery ) . 
  we need them more than you do , bruder . 
  ethnic cleansing was definitely part of the plan ( assimilation was as well ) though . 
  these were regions that had been part of a unified germany for 75 years and had a sense of german nationalism since long before that . 
  plus as mentioned elsewhere it would 've massive german resentment and as much as assimilation might have happened it could 've just as easily not and ugliness could 've ensued ( civil disobedience , ethnic conflict , representation etc. 
  even that would be a bit much imho . 
  the only history it had with ` us ' was a three year period of it being included in the kingdom of holland , a napoleonic french client state . 
  plus it would 've ruined our perfectly aesthetic borders . 
  for good reason . 
  there were n't even the extremely dubious historical claims you could posit for poland 's annexation of silesia , southern prussia and eastern pomerania . 
  it was an extremely cynical attempt at a landgrab which by design included the deportation of hundreds of thousands if not millions of germans . 
  we 'd have basically [ annexed an area ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/16/bakker_schut-plan.png ) equal to about half of our continental land that we had no reasonable claim to . 
  we ended up annexing a basically negligible area ( 69 square kilometres ) which we straight up sold back to western germany in the sixties apart from one hill ( 3 square kilometres ) . 
   no , international law matters a lot . 
  and you 're applying it arbitrarily . 
   every * indigenous * ethnic group has a right to self determination , a deliberately vague concept . 
  * are ossetians native to south-ossetia considering they 've been there since the 17th century . 
  * are turkish cypriots native to cyprus considering they 've been present from the 16th ? 
  * are albanians really native to kosovo since they only became the majority during the late ottoman period and tito for example actively worked to weaken the serb share of kosovo 's population . 
  * how does this concept of being indigenous apply to an area where both states/groups in contention are relatively new ? 
  modern-day southern ukraine , crimea and the kuban are areas where both russians and ukrainians settled about the same time and are about equally ` non-indigenous ' . 
   however this can not be done in undemocratic means , kosovo was n't democratic in the least and massively arbitrary in the partition it lead to ( presevo left in serbia , northern kosovo * de jure * integrated into kosovo , * de facto * in limbo ) . 
  the kla very deliberately provoked the conflict with a campaign of sectarian violence which deliberately sought to draw milosevic into overreacting , causing a civil war and provoking a nato intervention . 
   by repressing the minorities/majorities or for imperialist gains of a foreign state . 
  which kosovo arguably is because it created a sycophantically western/us-friendly vassal-state from what was serbia 's / yugoslavia 's sovereign territory and crippled serbia/yugoslavia economically to the point that it brought about regime change . 
  and that 's the point . 
  these are fundamentally subjective criteria which only fit your worldview so neatly because you 're heavily invested in an anti-russian pov and find it easy to dismiss their ( and their allies ' ) actions as imperialistic while excusing the actions of ` our ' side because we 're so obviously better than that .
