  second part is spot on though . 
  building up kosovo to be a functional country for all its citizens and helping serbia come to terms with it will fundamentally benefit the region , significantly lessen unwanted immigration flows , and it will be a chance to permanently end the era of ethnic conflict in the balkans . 
  i know the erdogan government does n't like the concept of an independent judiciary but they are at least aware of it , right ? 
  lol . 
  i call you out on a ridiculous fallacy of composition and you respond with other textbook examples . 
  great work . 
   lol . 
  they took crimea killed and expelled half of them . 
  after hundreds of years of crimean slave raids . 
  also when ottomans took constantinople they expelled pretty much all of its population , same with thessaloniki later and a myriad of other examples . 
  in times of peace however christians could live reasonably securely there , same with muslims in crimea , tatarstan , bashkortastan , central asia etc. 
  in the russian empire . 
   but muh narrative . 
  we can say `` armenian genocide to shit on turks but we cant downlay russian history to one event '' you 're using singular events to dishonestly frame a complex and diverse history of hundreds of years . 
  also do n't act as if i 've taken a position like that when i never have . 
   if we had done what we are accused of accused of by whom ? 
  i 'm not accusing ` you ' of anything . 
  there 's plenty of ridiculous claims made by some balkan nationalists , sure but let 's not whitewash ottoman history . 
   then there wouldnt be any serb bulgar greek to rebel and those lands would be inherited to turkey . 
  some nationalist claims are inane and disproportional sure . 
  but you 're absolutely kidding yourself if you think the ottoman empire was fundamentally less oppressive than the russian empire was . 
  well that 's only shockingly ignorant and reductive . 
  you reduce the entirety of russia 's relationship with muslim minorities to the conquest of kazan and its immediate aftermath . 
  that 's not at all representative for a complex history and is a textbook example of a fallacy of composition . 
   what did french british german polish did ? 
  they killed eachother immediately because they didnt believe the right form of christianity . 
  and again . 
  this is inanely reductive nonsense . 
  yes , there was a period of religious wars . 
  there was also hundreds of years of religious minorities living in these countries with relatively few issues ( also applies to russia ) . 
  it 's like reducing the entirety of the ottoman empire 's history with alawites and shias to occasional periods of persecution . 
   the ironic thing is those cities i mentioned are still in russian federation with demographics and culture still ticking to the russian side . 
  except if you actually look at the demographics tatars have gained hundreds of thousands on the russians in tatarstan since 1989 and almost exclusively run tatarstan 's government . 
  most other muslim minorities are doing fairly well demographically as well . 
  it helps to actually look up the figures instead of just inferring them from your preconceived notions . 
   if we were actually like that we would be holding at least half of the balkans and you could be speaking turkish . 
  you 're making it sound like the ottoman empire voluntarily let go of the balkans which is abject nonsense . 
  the reason there 's few descendants of turkish colonists left in the balkans is because the ottoman empire ended up losing . 
  if the russian civil war had went differently and more parts of the russian empire had ended up independent there 'd be few russians left in tatarstan , kalmykia , bashkortastan etc. 
  the reason the russians are still there is because they managed to keep a hold on those territories , that 's it . 
  well , whattaya know . 
  germany really is the rape capital of europe . 
  [ i 'll do that just as soon as you read up on the rules as far as agenda pushing and the use of disreputable sources ( like the link you 've shared here or the low-quality propaganda you routinely plagiarize ) goes . ], 
  ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/wiki/community_rules ) it 's not an argumentum ad-hominem since i 'm not disputing what you were originally arguing , i 'm just exposing that you 're an agenda-pushing propaganda account and are in clear breach of the rules . 
  tragic if true . 
  also , / u/dindiqmurebbesi are you belarusian now ? 
  you really are a true internationalist , azerbaijani one day , azerbaijani jew the next , israeli , then ( a gay ) armenian , estonian and now belarusian . 
  you truly are a citizen of the world are n't you ? 
  a true internationalist [ who constantly does lazy copypastes about why we should particularly hate armenians ] ( https://www.reddit.com/user/dindiqmurebbesi/comments/?sort=controversial ) , the best kind of internationalist , surely . 
  also are you sure you do n't have a lazy copypaste for us ? 
  [ i mean you did one ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/turkey/comments/5ov46v/up_to_1917_up_to_600000_turks_and_kurds_were/dcnrrg9/ ) [ as recently as yesterday so come on , try it . 
  ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/bruce-fein/lies-damn-lies-and-armeni_b_211408.html ) i 'm sure aliyev , his propagandists , or some shoddy turkish propaganda platform has something for you to copypaste . 
  head over to / r/unitedkingdom or / r/ukpolitics or just your average uk-related political thread on here . 
  the tories are n't exactly popular in these parts . 
  i linked the wrong one , [ here 's the correct one ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3c/kim_-_jezicki_sastav_po_naseljima_1931.gif ) . 
  as you can see it mostly correlates . 
  you 're also vastly overstating and overestimating exactly how many orthodox albanian kosovars there are , the last census in 2011 recorded exactly 25,837 orthodox kosovars ( serbs partially boycotted in the south and fully in northern kosovo ) , of whom the vast majority would likely be serbs . 
   there would be a legal precedent , supported by the eu and us to partition a country after ethnic cleansing and redistribution . 
  [ northern kosovo has been majority serb for at least since the first modern census was held there , so for at least eighty years . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c2/kim_-_verski_sastav_po_naseljima_1931.gif ) ( not that i support partition , it 's a terrible idea . ), 
   it 's not fair to compare 1915 and shusha etc. 
  not comparing . 
  just saying they 're similar and connected from the armenian pov . 
   are you sure ?? 
  1915 probably the most discussed topic in all armenia related forums . 
  i meant in the context of ( soviet ) azerbaijan and the nkao . 
   hope you understand that , it was certainly impossible to do such a thing in soviet times . 
  even armenia was allowed to commemorate 1915 in end of 1980s . 
  [ tsitsernakaberd ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tsitsernakaberd ) was built in 1967 . 
  building a similar monument in the nkao would 've been fairly non-controversial . 
  rebuilding the armenian quarter of shusha or putting up a monument to the 1920 massacre there would 've been even less controversial . 
   soviet times were different . 
  this is called a fallacy of composition . 
  just because certain topics were taboo or rarely talked about does n't mean all things of that kind or all things connected to it were . 
  georgia , azerbaijan , and armenia by the 60s were fairly free to be somewhat nationalist in domestic affairs ( sakharov called them ` little empires ' ) , academia and propaganda . 
  * i very much doubt the kremlin would 've prevented azerbaijan from treating the nkao similar to how the kremlin treated azerbaijan , armenia , and georgia . 
  the problem was n't in moscow , it was in baku . 
   i do n't agree with you here . 
  we have talked about many times . 
  i dont agree with your claim that , armenians were repressed during soviet times to a such degree that , they did n't find any other way than `` fighting for independence '' . 
  you 're fundamentally not understanding the argument i 'm making . 
  it 's not that azerbaijan 's oppression was so bad that it unequivocally justifies violent secession in an absolute sense ( which i find a futile , partisan and nonsensical discussion in the first place ) . 
  what i 'm saying is that azerbaijan 's repressive attitude played into the hand of armenian irredentists ( just the same as they do now ) and significantly amplified a problem that with the right attitude need n't have existed . 
  \\* as an example , ziya bunyadov started publishing basically ultranationalist pseudohistory purposefully erasing armenians ( starting the fake controversy with the caucasian albanian nonsense ) from karabakh ( later also from present-day armenia ) beginning in the 60s , this continued fairly uncontroversially within the soviet system right up to the dissolution of the ussr . 
  ( source : black garden , p. 
   seems , you agree that armenia as a country participated in illegal occupation of internationally recognised territories of azerbaijan . 
  this is one thing other armenian redditors insist not to admit . 
  most would as far as i know . 
  what they dispute is what exactly various resolutions say on the matter . 
  also i 'm not armenian . 
   imho i do n't think it is related to karabakh issue at all . 
  comforting i 'm sure but entirely divorcing the two is entirely illogical . 
   very strong anti-turk and anti-azerbaijani sentiments in ultranationalistic armenian politics is rooted from 1915 events . 
  ** i 'd add the 1920 shusha massacre ** and why do those issues and attitudes survive ? 
  because they 're never talked about , hushed up and the underlying problems never solved . 
  because the armenians of the nkao were just subjugated to baku and told to be thankful for the privilege . 
  did the azerbaijani ssr ever allow a model of nkao-azerbaijan cooperation , dialogue , respect , and mutual understanding that would dispel the armenian ultranationalist myth that armenians and their turkic neighbors are enemies now and forever ? 
  did the azerbaijani ssr ever say , commission a monument to the 1920 shusha massacre or the armenian genocide ? 
  did it ever commission the rebuilding of the armenian quarter of shusha ? 
  did it ever stop to consider that willful government-sponsored immigration of azerbaijanis into the nkao might stoke fears with armenians and make them remember 1915 and 1920 as it was an immediate threat to the dilution of their demographic majority and power base in one of only two small polities where they as an historically persecuted people still had some measure of political power ?
