  as someone who 's actually pro-democracy i also do n't see what 's pro-democracy about defending a minority of countries using military means to force its system of governance on other countries and killing hundreds of thousands during that process . 
   which itself is irrelevant . 
  democratic countries do n't oppress people like that , dictators in place do . 
  turkey has been a democracy for most of this past century , during which it has seen no issue in oppressing the kurds , willfully unleashing civil war against the kurds time and again , displacing some 400,000 over the last 12 months alone . 
  not to mention that us intervention rarely creates functional democracies ( the iraqi catastrophe for instance causing an extremely sectarian , deeply corrupt shia-dominant power-structure to take hold ) and that the us is not very particular about allying itself with right-wing , or islamist dictatorships . 
   international law has its problems . 
  why would we not make exceptions where imperialist dictatorships like russia and china have a veto power ??? 
  ` international law has its problems . 
  why would we not make exceptions where an imperialist oligarchy like the us and two of its allies have a veto power ??? ', 
  the point is that all this talk about international law , war crimes , the violation of countries ' sovereignty etc. 
  becomes pretty pointless when ` our side ' is n't ready to uphold any principles whatsoever whenever they become inconvenient . 
   see , you ca n't win arguments if you resort to such pathetic terms with democratic states . 
  democratic states can be client states just fine , it 's nothing to do with democracy ( or formal sovereignty ) . 
   of significance really depends on how big the state is ... 
  even by that standard they were still token contributions . 
   both justified by the cold war nonsense double-standard reasoning which works just as well for ( among other things ) soviet domination of eastern europe and russia 's current actions in ukraine . 
   justified by it being a hostile totalitarian regime . 
  a tactical mistake of course . 
  georgia was during the early 90s hostile to russia , ultranationalist , and an active danger to its ossetian and abkhazian minorities . 
  guess south-ossetia and abkhazia were justified . 
   was it ? 
  [ the resolution called for the enforcement of a ceasefire and the protection of civilians . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_security_council_resolution_1973#key_points ) the us and other western states acted as the rebels airforce and pursued military regime change that way despite the regime attempting to get a ceasefire going multiple times . 
   of . . whom ? 
  where do you think a significant part of guantanomo detainees ( who again , were n't formally charged ) came from ? 
   while i agree on it being illegal and there being way better ways to handle such things and torture almost never works - the detainees there really do n't deserve anything better either . 
  ` we can suspend ( international ) law and not uphold our own standards because we hate the other side and thus they do n't deserve compassion . ', 
  you 've just justified every manner of human rights violation possible without setting clear criteria other than dispising the enemy enough , good job . 
   you again portray how grossly you like to generalize and simplify . 
  you 've yet to prove that . 
   where ? 
  what is kosovo ? 
   it is justified if it brings down illegitimate regimes or regimes dangerous to the democratic world . 
  ` it is justified if it brings down illegitimate regimes or regimes dangerous to the russian/socialist/european / christian world '  again , same . 
  ` no double standard here guys . 
  our actions are justified because we 're not them , their acts are unjustified because they 're not us . ', 
   i would seriously doubt our democratic morals if we failed to help out anti-dictatorship insurgencies . 
  this is so laughably naive and slavishly pro-us i do n't know where to start . 
   yeah , except :  * the scale is immensely different it really is n't . 
  do you have any clue how many countless millions have died due to us actions ? 
   * russia does this purely out of imperialism while the us kills hundreds of thousands out of the goodness of their hearts ? 
   * russia is an undemocratic country , while the us is democratic irrelevant . 
  being murdered by a democratic country instead of an undemocratic country hardly makes you any less dead . 
   * us-led interventions are justified by bringing down dictatorships laughably naive and deliberately evasive of the issue of international law and millions of unnecesary deaths . 
   * the us has been strongly supported by a wide range of democratic countries in these actions a wide range of countries that are in effect client states to various degrees and depend in large part on us patronage , cooperation , leadership etc. 
   there is one standard , stop with this nonsense !!!, 
  if you pay any attention at all you 'll find there really is n't . 
   and he is doing this under the topic `` france just called on russia to be investigated for war crimes in syria '' , which has nothing to do with the us . 
  this as clear example of whataboutism as something can be !, 
  unless you can demonstrate that he did it with the specific intention of defending russia this proves absolutely nothing . 
  he 's not obliged to stick within your favored discussion boundaries . 
  us foreign policy and its abuses are intricately connected with russian actions and they are a perfectly appropriate topic to discuss in this context . 
   do you think the us was the only country to invade iraq ? 
  do you think it was the only country to occupy it ? 
  no , blair was quite enthusiastic about this nonsense jingoism as well , and the us cajoled a lot of its more sycophantically loyal client states and allies into providing token support ( no ally but the uk provided anything of significance ) . 
   please , stop with this banter !, 
  holding ` our side ' up to the same standard as the ` enemy ' has nothing to do with banter . 
  it 's to do with genuinely wanting a more positive role in world affairs for the us and the western world in general , which starts with striving to uphold the standards ` our side ' supposedly cherishes . 
   it 's not like the us has many more of those breaches of international law invasion of panama , grenada , iraq , gross violation unsc resolution 1973 on libya , inhumane sanctions against various counties that needlessly caused the deaths of countless hundreds of thousands , a number of invasions without un approval , countless military coups sponsored , countless foreign insurgencies sponsored , illegal kidnappings , illegal detentions , guantanamo bay etc. 
   or at least they are n't comparable to the imperialistic russian ones . 
  they very much are . 
  carving out client states in foreign countries , militarily invading countries and pursuing regime change , sponsoring coups in sovereign states , using the protection of one 's own nationals as an excuse to invade sovereign states , sponsoring violent sectarian insurgencies in sovereign states etc. 
  these are all acts that * both * russia and the us have been guilty of in recent history . 
  saying , we should n't single out any one power or group of power for criticism is n't whataboutism , it 's simply calling for the application of one standard , not two . 
  / u/mcakkeezz is n't responding to any one attack against russia nor have i seen him defending russia in general , he 's simply saying that us actions should be held up to the same kind of scrutiny that russian actions are . 
  if the us is going to act like it 's the more responsible actor in all this than its actions should conform to that and hold up to the kind of scrutiny that 's being put on russia in cases like this . 
  yet what we 've been seeing over this last quarter century of us unilateralism and even moreso since the bush jr. . administration is that the us has a contempt for international law and oversight that is broadly similar to that of russia . 
  i 'm all for us and nato leadership in international affairs but i do think we should hold ` our ' actions up to the same scrutiny that we do that of the russians . 
  saying that the us should be held to the same standards as other countries is n't whataboutism . 
  i do n't like revolution , it 's coarse , and rough , and irritating , and it gets everywhere . 
  regardless of it being a desirable end in and of itself ( by my view it was n't but there 's an argument to be made ) s\u00e8vres was only viable if there were troops there to enforce it , and with the russians out of the war there were n't . 
  the only powers fully committed to that goal in the area were greece ( which was in political turmoil , quick to alienate turkish populations in its occupied territories , and managed to screw itself over at every turn ) and armenia ( which was tiny , flooded with refugees from the recent genocide , and was also at war with azerbaijan and georgia ) . 
  also given the demographics in the area ( a lot of which had to do with recent turkish actions admittedly ) it 's also quite debatable whether it was ` fair ' anyway apart from the proposed kurdish state , which would however still be shorn of kurdish areas in modern-day syria and iraq ( almost the entirity of its proposed territory was in modern-day south-eastern turkey , a lot of the kurdish-majority regions furthern north would 've went to armenia per s\u00e8vres ) . 
  honestly , trying to give a go at a renewed reconcillationist-minded ottoman administration ( with a degree of institutionalized power-sharing ) would arguably have been much more beneficial to its minorities rather than trying to impose the punitive peace as we got that inevitably resulted in an extremely sectarian war that saw the ethnic cleansing of millions of turks , greeks , and armenians . 
  hell , trying to impose this peace actually set off turkish nationalism to such a degree that turkish forces actually crossed the pre-war turkish-russian border and annexed about half of pre-war russian armenia ( cleansing the armenian population there almost completely ) . 
  yes that 's the point . 
  i was mocking azerbaijan 's propaganda historiography . 
   bla bla bla again , the only party you 're refuting here is the strawman you yourself constructed . 
  again you claim armenians had no issues under azerbaijani rule , i provide concrete examples why that 's simply not true , you reply with some variation of ` the armenians were doing it too !!!!!!!! ', 
  or whatever , i point out that 's irrelevant in the context of this argument , you senselessly accuse me of being a propagandist or of saying armenians are wholly innocent and azerbaijan wholly guilty . 
  we 've been through this nearly ten times at this stage and i 'm getting tired of it . 
   1979 - 160,000 people   1989 84,000 . 
  so 76,000 population displacement is just relatively low-scale ??? 
  why you constantly demean those causalities ?? 
  for god 's sake just read carefully some time instead of just foregoing that and just inventing positions for me that i have n't taken . 
   that 's the wrong approach . 
  that 's what armenians say in order to justify their occupation . 
  yes a factual approach is just wrong . 
  we really should take the approach that anything said that sounds too much in favor of armenians ca n't be true on principle . 
   bla bla angelic azerbaijan is perfect bla bla armenians in nakhchivan left because azerbaijanis were just too damn tolerant bla bla also deporting people to a place most of them have never lived counts as ` repatriation ' bla bla uh-huh . 
  i 'm honestly curious as to how exactly you think that a population of tens of thousands declining to less than 50 is somehow perfectly natural and has nothing to do with a deliberate lack of opportunity , a lack of ( language ) rights , repression etc. 
   why you constantly misrepresent my words ? 
  i never wrote nationalistic ambitions of armenians is only reason of the war . 
  [ literally your exact words  ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/54soyp/armenian_nuclear_plant_should_be_shut_down_turkey/d86235u )  but if there was a war in 1991 it was not because of so-called azerbaijan 's oppression of poor armenians . 
  this is your delusional propaganda . 
  it was because of national aspiration of armenian people . 
  literally there was not any oppression of armenian people in soviet azerbaijan . 
  ( although azerbaijani population of soviet armenia deliberately forcefully deported from armenia ) . 
  i 'm not misrepresenting anything . 
   but i 'll repeat again , so called `` unilateral oppression/mass killing of armenians by azerbaijanis '' as you define is not root of the problem .
