  meanwhile ukrainian sanctions on russia and russian sanctions on ukraine meant that ukraine in large part lost its most viable economic partner and beneficiary virtually overnight ( despite the gas wars russia was effectively subsidizing ukraine to the tune of several billion dollars a year ) . 
  though of course it should be mentioned that ukraine 's boom was never quite as impressive as that of its neighbors and the grasp of oligarchs on the economy and the state remained much stronger than most other post-soviet economies which probably hampered economic growth severely . 
  though i do n't think serbia has much more to fear from the west ( unless either the albanians become insanely belligerent or serbia itself fucks up in presevo ) it 's an understandable sentiment . 
  that headline is honestly hilarious though . 
  nice work there , pravda report . 
  yup , a settler colony nobody in their right mind would want to set up ( or move into ) should be imposed upon the russian population militarily . 
  that 's the obvious answer to russia 's military aggression , nonsensical settler colonialism that would solve nothing , benefit no one and could only be achieved after outright war . 
  by the 19th century the conservation movement was already a thing . 
  the russian empire for example had laws providing for the protection of european bison in bia\u0142owieza forest ( iirc that legislation had some precedent within the plc but was generally more effective during the russian period ) and the long 19th century generally seemed to have amounted to a mild recovery for the european bison . 
  it was only after wwi erupted and fighting spread across the region that the local european bison population really took a beating ( both russians and germans were in the habit of shooting them ) , the last native polish bison being killed in 1919 . 
  yeah i know . 
  poor margaret just is n't a very good vocalist it seems . 
  juries will probably not take an extreme liking to it . 
  as it is it 's 13th with the bookmakers . 
  interestingly enough it was around 1st/2nd place right before the preselection show . 
  i have no opinion on those one way or the other . 
  serbia 's aim of jurisdiction over war crimes committed all over the former yugoslavia does seem quite odd . 
  the other two indeed look like non-issues pressed more for domestic political reasons rather than any real concern about serbia . 
  the point is though if this is what croatia wants ( i.e. 
  if this is n't just a veto for the sake of blocking serbia ) bringing it out in public and specifically making it a croatian demand ( not even slovenia bothering to join them ) is counterproductive in actually getting vucic to make concessions there because making concessions like these to croatia ( headed by a somewhat controversial right-wing government ) will be politically quite difficult for vucic even if he were inclined to compromise on these issues in principle . 
  regardless of whether croatia 's goals here are justifiable would n't it have been much better to press them in bilateral negotiations behind closed doors and make the threat of veto there ? 
  unless their goal here is to outright block serbia 's eu talks completely getting serbia to make ( some of ) these changes would be much easier for vucic politically if serbia was n't seen to bow to croatian demands . 
  on russia ; those do seem to be [ kosovorotka-like ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kosovorotka ) but it seems like with those colors ( and the rifles ) they 're very specifically going for the [ streltsy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/streltsy ) aesthetic rather than a more traditional ` civilian ' one . 
  i really would stop taking azerbaijani propaganda at face value if i were you . 
  if only there was a better way !, 
   the netherlands is beautiful , sucks that there are almost no trees though . 
  thing is , we have like 5 times the amount of forest area we had 250 years ago . 
  we 're trying damnit :( . 
  also you lot are n't much better , flanders and the netherlands are pretty much even as far as forest-covered areas go ( both in the 10 % area range ) . 
  it 's just wallonia pulling you lot up . 
  op seems to be making a browbeating turkic power thing about it with this narrative about them fleeing because those azerbaijanis are just so damn badass and all that . 
  from the video it seems more like both groups just running away from the police . 
  and quite generally the pkk and most other ( anti-turkish ) kurdish political organizations [ seem to recognize it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kurdish_recognition_of_the_armenian_genocide ) and a lot have apologized for the kurdish role in it . 
  besides with the eradication of the armenian population west of the current border for a century at this point there 's no serious threat of any territorial claims coming from armenia so there 's no significant competing interests . 
  enemy of my enemy and all that . 
  many anti-turkish kurd factions are quite pro-armenian . 
  well there were a lot of poles in the ussr inherited from the russian empire until the ( nonsensical ) polish operation . 
  and then again from the time at which the ussr annexed eastern poland to the point at which it started ` repatriating ' poles to the poland now shoved westward . 
  after that the only significant populations were in belarus and lithuania ( and even those were devastated ) . 
  there 's the stuff about your russian populations facing some issues and discrimination , which is magnified a hundred fold whenever the russian media deems it necessary . 
  though that does n't quite explain lithuania since its much less of an issue there . 
  the united states , russia and france are the co-chairs of the osce minsk group . 
  posting azerbaijani propaganda ( or armenian propaganda for that matter ) really is n't constructive . 
  oh right . 
  though that still leaves them hating the turks as much , and the romanians , arabs and roma more back in 2010 , and still the arabs and roma as of now . 
  no but it seems you 're imagining me being pro-russian . 
  i honestly could n't care less about the historical rights shit and everything but supporting annexing their territory unilaterally and then arguing that they should still have honored all prior arrangements and just continue on with business as usual is somewhat bizarre . 
  edit : lol these downvotes, 
  i 'm honestly surprised at how many groups you hate more than you do the russians , particularly back in 2010 . 
   as a footnote , when romania sent their treasury to russia for safekeeping in ww1 , it was never returned . 
  to be fair that probably would n't have been an issue if both russia had n't changed regimes and romania had n't annexed bessarabia . 
  why does that law exist anyway ? 
  paranoia about other ex-yugoslav countries not wanting to persecute war crimes committed against serbs ? 
  do n't be , honestly . 
  it 'll probably amount to nothing in the end . 
  if it is true ( i doubt it , they probably both violated the truce which could be more or less ` accidental ' ) i 'd speculate that it 's because the nkr lost a few somewhat important positions down in the south . 
  would n't want to create a precedent for just accepting landgrabs like these , however small . 
  not disputing that , but it is pretty clear that serbia/yugoslavia had a clear hand in encouraging it and could 've also done much to defuse it . 
  the point here is that throughout the war the bosniak side never became as severely sectarian as the serb separatists were ( for the most part , i know there were plenty of serb refugees and various massacres ) . 
  azerbaijan screwed up post-war by squandering international sympathy by being insanely anti-armenian to the point that armenia looked more the ` good guy ' than it actually was . 
   you made an irrelevant comparison between the cyprus with this conflict . 
  it 's an irrelevant point . 
  no it is n't . 
  the comparison is there to illustrate a point . 
  namely that azerbaijan as it is does not and can not offer any realistic guarantees for the armenians that would come under it sovereignty . 
  merely saying that nagorno-karabakh is internationally recognized as azerbaijani territory is n't a solution when the sides are as murderously sectarian as they are . 
   i asked how aliyev being corrupt and anti-democratic has anything to do with this conflict . 
  it 's about institutions . 
  promises of autonomy are n't worth much when the institutions to support that are ( by design ) weak and the man at the head of the country hates armenians and can with a wave of his hand dissolve all autonomous administration all over again ( this is what azerbaijan did last time ) and persecute and bully the armenians until he has his desired ethnic cleansing . 
  armenia would have handed over a massive strategic advantage and have lost all it went to war over . 
   you went on to say that he is anti-armenian . 
  i 'm assuming you mean that since he is so anti-armenian and holds all the power , he 'll be provoking a conflict there . 
  there 's a non-negligible chance that it will . 
  and as long as armenians ca n't trust in azerbaijan holding up its bargains they wo n't sacrifice a massive strategic advantage like the occupation . 
  foreign mediators as well have no constructive options for as long as azerbaijan continuous its present course . 
   i 'm not sure what you 're trying to convey here but as i said : i do n't dispute equal rights to minorities . 
  what i 'm trying to convey is that the very nature of the aliyev-regime makes the diplomatic process nigh on futile . 
  the safarov incident , the khachkar destructions , the propaganda insanity etc. 
  all plays extremely badly internationally and makes azerbaijan seem like the proverbial bad guy when it was in fact azerbaijan that suffered most from the war itself . 
  it needlessly makes the armenians seem like the ` good guys ' and reinforces the notion that armenians ca n't be safe under azerbaijan 's sovereignty . 
   which is why there is a stalemate . 
  i 'm not disagreeing , but this still does n't change the fact that nagorno-karabach is still internationally recognized as azeribaijani . 
  which i was n't disputing in the first place . 
  the point is that for all that we can cheer for states having their sovereign territory a total azerbaijani military victory would be a humanitarian catastrophe , as would a peaceful return of sovereignty likely be if azerbaijan does n't change . 
   it 's an irrelevant point , equal to one that you made in your first comment . 
  what are you even saying at this point ? 
   i 'm not sure how you draw the conclusion ( or how this even is relevant ) that being anti-armenian equals corruption and anti-democraticism . 
  i 'm not . 
  you 're conflating different statements and not understanding what i 'm saying . 
   i 'm not disputing that minorities must be ensured equal rights in a nation where they are not the majority . 
  the point is that the aliyev-regime ca n't be trusted to deliver those to karabakhi-armenians . 
  this is the regime that has since its independence carefully fomented a psychotic hatred for armenians and is n't beholden to the rule of law . 
  this is the regime that has sought continuously to erase the presence of armenians everywhere within its control . 
  let 's compare it to similar situations : turkey was willing to accede to the annan plan because it was clear that cyprus was a pluralistic democracy with strong institutions that could n't and would n't dismantle the proposed federal structure unilaterally if it ever came about . 
  milosevic was willing to compromise in bosnia because bosnia had remained a fundamentally pluralistic country and he had solid , guaranteed concessions ( and yes , rs may ultimately have had too many state powers , i 'm not arguing for the exact armenian equivalent here ) . 
  now compare that to azerbaijan . 
  aliyev can promise all the autonomy he wants but he has shown multiple times that he disregards the laws of his country as he pleases . 
  azerbaijan has also carefully fomented anger towards armenians for over a quarter century now . 
  armenia has no reasonable policy but to continue the status quo . 
   they do n't agree that there is anything to discuss ; nagorno-karabach is their territory .
