  they 've both done similar things at different points in time ( cromwell , potato famine , war of spanish succession , franco etc. ) . 
  the reason nothing similar happened there recently is because neither of them have gone through a collapse and breakdown of society like russia did in the 90s . 
   we send troops into garbage countries , so why not help a good country like ukraine ?? 
  ukraine is n't a ` good ' country however you would define that ( i 'd hesitate to call any country good in and of itself ) . 
  it 's simply a state that through circumstance and coincidence has become ( largely ) sympathetic to ` our ' side . 
  it 's still ( for now ) thoroughly corrupt and has very little to offer . 
  well the legal basis would be somewhat better if kyiv requested it ( and even if the will on ` our ' side was there i 'd think kyiv was still somewhat more sensible than that ) . 
  though it 's all to do with international law which is something ` we ' routinely violate anyhow . 
  though it 'd still be absolutely moronic and insanely provocative to do so seeing as we have very little stake in this and nobody with an ounce of sense would suggest it but still . 
  that really is n't correct . 
  the overwhelming majority in our southern provinces ( that still stayed with us ) were still catholic . 
  baarle-hertog/baarle-nassau is the only enclave/exclave thing we have going on and that had more to do with feudal borders than anything else afaik . 
  i 'm not opposed to giving the kosovar side of the story but by all accounts hashim thaci is basically a mob boss ( and interfaithkosovo a propaganda platform ) . 
  hashim thaci giving lectures about peace and co-existence is farcical . 
  kosovo still bucks that trend though . 
  birth rate is 2.4 . 
  i mean everyone still wants to leave and it 's still a mafia-state but demographics is n't kosovo 's problem ( if you 're not a serb ) . 
  well that depends . 
  which one of them was it that committed a genocide in eastern anatolia ( among various others ) ? 
  which one of them did n't ? 
  i was specifically talking about eastern anatolia , where on the russian side of the border there was some semblance of law and order while the ottomans let kurdish irregulars harass , murder and kidnap armenians as they pleased on the other side . 
  i agree . 
  there 's lessons to be taken from history but pop-history articles like this one only encourage the bogus narrative of a uniquely evil expansionist russia that has always been out to get us . 
   the `` eastern question '' always consisted of a choice between two villains . 
   should russia rightfully have expanded deep into the balkans ? 
  should it have legitimately annexed the turkish straits , * large portions of eastern anatolia , * i 'd say that that would 've been a better alternative to the western policy of propping up an increasingly massacre/genocide-happy ottoman empire , but oh well . 
  the article also seems to forget that russian paranoia was inspired by downright racist 19th century western russophobia . 
  the russians might 've overestimated western antipathy ( in the sense that they translated it to a conspiracy to rob them of their territories ) but western europeans hardly gave them any reason to feel respected and equal , always treating them like upstarts . 
  freedom of expression , rule of law and all that good stuff . 
  ca n't just randomly arrest them or bar them from the country because we do n't quite like what they say . 
  there was some loonie of a mullah on dutch television recently and he had the nerve of speaking about a genocide of muslims since 9/11 by le evil west . 
  all i kept thinking was that if that was the intention then we 've become awful shit at this whole genocide business since the 40s because muslim numbers ( & share of population as you mentioned ) have only risen both in the middle-east and in our own countries . 
   russia is why armenia did n't get ran over by azerbaijan . 
  not really . 
  armenia won the nagorno-karabakh war fair and square ( though both sides got plenty of outside support from various patrons ) . 
  you could argue that the russian military base currently in armenia deters azerbaijan from trying to reconquer nagorno-karabakh but that 's not quite the same . 
  you know with all the paris shit that was going on i was cautiously hopeful that we could skate by this year and mostly do without the moronic way this ` debate ' gets covered both domestically and internationally . 
  i mean usually the wave of shitty journalism surrounding this last like two weeks and occurs leading up to the actual event . 
  yet here we are three weeks after it and somehow it 's still/already getting coverage . 
  nice to come across lisa hannigan on here , good taste there op . 
  i 'm not at all opposed to the argument this article is trying to make but it is chock-full with poor reasoning and bad history . 
  you 'd think that special willy event-chain would 've bumped our prestige high enough by now, 
   you have to keep in mind that it was a right decision at that point . 
  i mean , it ended massacres . 
  the last large scale ( inter - ) ethnic clashes in cyprus had been in 1967 . 
  the turkish invasion in fact started massacres both directly ( turkish army atrocities ) and indirectly ( greek anti-turkish pogroms ) . 
   although i can fully understand that the island was partitioned by turks . 
  look at the situation between the peoples of bih for example . 
  which was n't inevitable or pre-ordained . 
  the various factions of the bosnian war had to go through ridiculous lengths to get ethnic relations to deteriorate to the point that those massacres would happen ( including sending convicted criminals out to war ) . 
  ` yugoslav ' was an established national identity and it took a severe propaganda assault to start its breakdown ( with the farcical result of bosnian , croatian , serbian etc. 
  now being classified as different languages when they really , really are n't ) . 
  two ( or more ) different peoples inhabiting one state does n't always have to turn to blood . 
   however cyprus was doomed to become the way it is due to nationalism , ethnic tensions and greece and turkey as guarantor powers . 
  i 'd argue that if turkey ( which had pushed for cyprus to get its ` independence ' in the way it did ) had let cyprus had a referendum on joining greece and had done its best to build up good relations with its neighbors ( i.e. 
  not start pogroms , not interfere in their political affairs , not fly into their airspace , not cleanse their own territory of greeks etc. ), 
  that they might 've been just fine ( as might greece 's thracian turks which have had to deal with shifty citizenship revocations as greece 's response to the istanbul pogrom and the invasion of cyprus ) . 
  or even if cyprus was pushed into the ` independence ' that it got turkish cypriots would likely have been much safer if turkey refrained from supporting turkish cypriot terrorists , trafficking arms etc. 
  of course the greek coup should n't have happened ( and ethnic clashes might 've still broken out even if my idyllic greco-turkish rapprochement had actually occurred , greece and cyprus are n't innocent ) but there 's a long-term trend of shifty turkish politics aimed at ( or that at least indirectly caused ) increasing ethnic tensions rather than abating them . 
   especially this part shows why the turkish army intervened in cyprus . 
  that probably caused a lot more of these issues than it solved though ... 
   it had the legal responsibility to protect the sovreignty of it 's borders . 
  and disregard the people within those borders like the great liberal democracy it is . 
   there are secessionists in scotland , brittany and texas , that does n't mean those regions are just going to be allowed to secede by their mere existence . 
  scotland got to hold a referendum because there was sufficient clamor for it . 
  why could n't crimea have ? 
   do n't get swallowed by all the spin . 
  pfff . 
   oh for goodness sake leave that dehumanizing playground speak at the door , please . 
  / r/worldnews is over that way . 
  real civil there , pal . 
   kiev let them have their referendum on increased sovreignty and recognized it . 
  how very good on them . 
   crimea did n't have a referendum on secession despite calls from moscow to do so ( surprise , surprise ) the crimean parliament simply declared it and planned a referendum on it . 
   and kiev did what any national government has ever done ( and did it a damn sight more bloodlessly than moscow did in chechnya ) irrelevant . 
  kyiv should be judged independently of moscow . 
   to quell the secession . 
  which is to deny them the self-determination they had themselves used less than a year before , bravo . 
   you keep saying this and it keeps being untrue . 
  you can ignore reality all you want . 
  i wo n't stop you . 
   this really sounds like you need to take a step back from this , and i mean that without any ill-will . 
  yeah because you 've been so civil thus far . 
  no ill will from you at all . 
   nobody 's treating russia unjustly here - they 're giving the putin administration exactly the same treatment the bush administration got when they invaded iraq . 
  stop . 
  moving . 
  the . 
  goalposts . 
  for . 
  one . 
  second . 
  * please * . 
  talking about crimean russians , not putin 's russia . 
  talk ill about putin 's russia , its corruption , its aggression , its economic failures , its human rights violations etc. 
  all you want . 
  i wo n't post a thing in response because i 'll be fully in agreement . 
   you will detect a strong sense of anti-government bias whenever one government invades an ally and annexes part of it , ignore the continuous anti-russian garbage that spews forth from this cesspool all you want , i wo n't stop you . 
  when people here can say that nothing good ever came of russia , that russia is a cancer , that the ` uralic ' presence in europe is an historic crime , that russians in donbass are the product of imperialism and colonialism and should all be killed etc. 
  and get heavily upvoted for it that 's just a healthy dose of reddit 's brave anti-putinism , gotcha .
