  that had to due with protectionist policies vis-a-vis russia and prussia . 
  with the partitions galicia and lodomeria became isolated from their natural hinterland . 
  these areas were n't poor because evil austrians conspired to make them so and were funneling all its wealth to vienna . 
  point being that austria-hungary was n't an austrian scheme to rob everyone of their wealth and happiness . 
  galicia was more the exception than the rule . 
  most countries in austria-hungary had plenty of rights and did fairly ok as far as economic development goes . 
  bohemia & moravia were among the most prosperous parts of europe . 
  the magyar nobility of ` oppressed ' hungary was probably the most repressive , archaic , regressive part of the dual monarchy . 
  besides , the habsburg monarchy fell almost a century ago . 
  if we act like that 's still relevant where do we stop ? 
  do the greeks deserve compensation because the bulgar nomads drove them out of the eastern balkans ? 
  does western europe get to claim compensation from hungary for the magyar raids ? 
  every ` country ' exploited others in the past . 
  i 'm doing no such thing . 
  just pointing out that if these people were given a choice very few of them would opt to be deported from germany to poland . 
   everybody knows the reason is exactly opposite , a callous disregard for the humanity of the refugees . 
  that , or an actual concern for the welfare of one 's own country . 
  eastern european states have every right and every reason to not want to import social incohesion and vast welfare costs . 
  nothing bad is going to happen to refugees because of the awful fate of being forced to stay in the netherlands or germany instead of being sent to the slovakian paradise . 
  would n't this particular statistic be slightly skewed as far as comparisons go because ( for example ) russia 's empire functioned as a unitary state while great britain and france had separate administrations for most of their colonies ? 
  yes , an eu whose members refuse to distribute refugees like cattle ( against their will ) is clearly not an eu anyone should want . 
  an eu based on blackmail on the other hand , that 's the progressive ideal we should be aiming for . 
  serbia did most of that by itself . 
  i 'm do n't agree with all of the intervention in former yugoslavia but serbia started this shit by trying to ethnically cleanse kosovo . 
  and yes , they should be rejected , there are rules to this sort of thing : if the country of origin is safe they generally ca n't get asylum if they are n't being persecuted or threatened . 
  there 's also been the steady stream of asylum seekers from the western balkans ( primarily from kosovo and serbia ) who all have like a 99 % chance of being rejected but clog up the system anyway . 
  ancient egyptians confirmed to be europeans . 
  supreme edge there , sir . 
  why would the bulgarian media care so much , though ? 
  only a negligible share of the refugees have any interest in settling in bulgaria and most that do will probably leave for western europe as soon as they got citizenship anyway . 
  well , devil 's advocate but here it goes : though these people are going out by themselves to help refugees the costs of caring for them , integrating them , housing them etc. 
  will still be shared by the general population which is possibly why some people here are n't too happy at the prospect of people facilitating entry into the eu . 
   if you think ottoman slavery was as bad as colonial power slavery then you are very very wrong . 
  actually if it was that wrong ottoman wouldnt be as weak as they were in their last few centuries . 
  if you honestly think life as a galley slave was significantly better ( or longer ) than what for example field slaves in the carribean had to endure i do n't know what to tell you . 
   slavery was different all around the world . 
  you cant just say slavery is slavery . 
  ottoman slavery cant even be called slavery when compared to western powers ' slavery . 
  yes ... yes it could quite easily be called slavery and that 's what most scholars would call it . 
  galley slaves did n't end up there out of free will , did they ? 
   what does that mean ?!, 
  armenian issue is far complicated than how you paint it to be . 
  the armenian ` issue ' is indeed quite complicated . 
  the fact of the hamidiye having existed and their role in several massacres of armenians ( pre-genocide ) is n't very complicated i 'd say . 
  persecution of armenians did n't suddenly come out of nowhere in 1915 . 
  the ottoman government had already set up units of kurdish irregulars to harass armenians , there 'd already been two state-sanctioned large-scale massacres of armenians before . 
  turkish nationalists like to spread the fairytale of armenians and turks living in peace before those damn armenians got uppity and for no reason whatsoever supported the russians even though ottoman rule was obviously perfect to them but the reality is that the persecution of armenians had started long before 1915 . 
   slavery was not even close to what colonial powers did . 
  yes ... yes it was . 
   dont even mention slavery with ottomans because it is laughable against what you did . 
  yes , slavery is laughable as compared to ... slavery . 
   well ottomans were especially weak in her last centuries so they couldnt do anything about irregulars . 
  well it could certainly [ sanction them . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hamidiye_\\ ( cavalry \\ ) ) fund them . 
  arm them . 
  use them to murder , rob , rape , displace , and harass armenians . 
   ottos never exploited people like you did slavery , tax farming , sanctioned kurdish irregulars who would rob and rape uppity christians , genocide , institutionalized oppression etc. 
  definitely not exploitation , no sir . 
  hogwash . 
  christian states like the netherlands and russia conquered plenty of muslim territory during the era . 
  both indonesia and russia still have plenty of muslims . 
   i 'm not saying the ottomans did n't do shitty things to conquered nations or peoples , but that it 's very different from colonialism . 
  well ... yes but colonialism is very different from other forms of colonialism as well . 
  french colonialism was very different from british colonialism which was quite different from russian colonialism etc. 
  not to mention that most of those countries had various colonies and various different policies of dealing with them as well . 
  ottoman policy has plenty of parallels with various forms of western colonization i.e. 
  imposing its own population on the natives , tax farming , exploitation , slavery , abritary rule , making the natives second-class citizens etc. 
   no , that 's some ancient propaganda . 
  no , that 's fact . 
   sure the janissary 's were n't allowed to have children or marry , but they rose into the ranks of the ottoman empire . 
  jannisaries were taken away from their christian parents and forcibly converted to islam . 
   also the ottoman empire is famous for it 's tolerance . 
  * relative * tolerance . 
  * relative * to most states of the time they were tolerant . 
  the degree of tolerance is also often immensely overstated . 
   hard to have an equivalent to white guilt when your ` colonized ' are on par or ahead in terms of economic and social development . 
  that 's really not due to anything like good government from the ottomans though , if anything it 's because those states decisively broke with their ottoman past . 
  the ottoman era did plenty of damage to many nations . 
  just because the ottoman empire itself failed and turkey 's own post-ottoman socio-economic development 's success has been mixed at best does n't mean that the ottoman empire was a good thing . 
  basically none of the post-ottoman states inherited any worthwile civic institutions or economic foundations from ottoman times . 
  ah yes those dreaded sjws . 
  maybe i diverged a bit by including examples of outright destruction instead of botched restorations but mentioning ani is completely relevant when discussing priceless cultural heritage in turkey being damaged by ` restorations ' . 
  how is it armenian propaganda exactly ? 
  well many of these issues are systematic and go back to before the akp 's time . 
  [ armenian cultural heritage within turkey ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armenian_cultural_heritage_in_turkey#religious_buildings ) has long suffered from neglect or outright destruction . 
  the ruined city of ani for example has been [ thoroughly ` restored ] ( http://www.virtualani.org/history/restorations.htm ) ' to an even worse standard than many of the examples of this article . 
  [ supposedly informative signs ] ( http://www.virtualani.org/history/historysigns.jpg ) for tourists on ani even outright avoid mentioning it being an armenian city . 
  yeah , though i do n't see that extreme happening it 's still quite silly to think that settling people mostly separated from the society they 're supposed to be integrating into will in any way help the host country . 
  it 's no doubt ( technically ) discriminatory but i doubt very much that any muslim refugee is losing sleep over possibly having to stay in the hellhole that is germany instead of being sent to the slovakian paradise . 
  it is discrimination but has no actual victims . 
  could you people all momentarily stop being enlightened by your own morality and possibly read the article over whose presumed contents you 're expressing such outrage ? 
  this concerns an eu refugee redistribution scheme ; slovakia is n't denying muslim refugees asylum if they 're actually applying for it in and from slovakia . 
  however , by and large they do n't apply for asylum in slovakia because it 's relatively poor . 
  i 'm repeating this for the third time : this concerns the redistribution scheme , which is a voluntary agreement for a redestribution of the migrant burden meant to alleviate the pressure on the countries taking most of them right now . 
  slovakia is n't ( actively ) discriminating against muslims that actually apply for asylum in slovakia , but by and large they simply do n't . 
  they 're simply signing up to a voluntary agreement with some provisions attached . 
  it 'd be so nice if you people actually read the article linked once in a while before expressing your enlightened moral outrage . 
  well to be fair there was a certain situation in lebanon that might explain the maronites ' ideology . 
  slovakia is n't denying actively denying muslims asylum if they 're asking for it from her ; they 're not . 
  this concerns the redistribution scheme which is a voluntary agreement between eu member states .
