  jesus christ are you actually this dense ? 
  for the fiftieth time : you do not get to propose fantastical scenarios that fly against the face of common sense and then not expect them to be compared to real life versions of similar events . 
   lol . 
  you may think that all minorities integrate or assimilate , but it 's simply not the case . 
  they can remain immigrants for centuries . 
  assimilation goes both ways , genius . 
  and the word immigrant still does n't means what you think it means . 
   and they still do , but so do ethnic groups . 
  yes , and those rights do n't conflict with the territorial integrity of states . 
  there 's no such thing as a blanket right to one 's own nation-state . 
   so first they come and change the status quo , and when the locals want their own state , then blame them for changing the status quo ? 
  that 's absurd ... no , it is n't . 
  that 's the way the world works . 
  and i 'm not blaming them , i 'm blaming you for being so mind-numbingly naive about this nonsense . 
   disenfranchised foreigners ? 
  do we also disenfranchise the syrians and the australians from our decision making ? 
  how barbaric ... disenfranchised locals that do n't fit your inane definition of native or indigenous . 
  citizens have rights regardless of ethnicity , not being semi-fascist about such things is n't barbaric . 
   ethnic group can not have its right of self determination when another group forces its will on the indigenous population !, 
  wish-washy humpty dumpty overly moralist reductive generalist hogwash . 
   there are far worse things in the world , but we do n't find people to argue about them because we see them equally horrible already . 
  there 's no point in arguing about the horrors of the holocaust , unless you flat out deny it . 
  wishy-washy once again . 
  what are you even talking about at this stage ? 
  also nice going with subtly implying what i 'm doing is on par with holocaust denial . 
  hilarious in view of you accusing me of reductio ad hiterum earlier . 
   counterproductive to who ? 
  you sound like pro-soviet people , who claimed that estonians were traitors and asked , why we could n't keep together with them anymore ... 
  counterproductive to the well-being of ethnic groups , counterproductive to intercommunal peace , counterproductive to overall prosperity , counterproductive to global stability etc. 
   and you ca n't deal with the fact that some foreigners do n't assimilate . 
  i have no problem with assimilated people of foreign background . 
  but you do have a problem with people assimilating into subhuman russians . 
   but identities do n't change in this case . 
  what are you even on about ? 
  basic concepts , but by this stage i 'm not surprised that you do n't understand those . 
   i honestly do n't know which facts about history have i been wrong here . 
  could you point them out or just admit a strawman ? 
  you were wrong about chechnya , wrong about crimea , wrong about abkhazia and south-ossetia before , wrong about much of soviet history etc. 
   no , for russia it 's mostly just russian imperialism and russification ... 
  which could easily be argued for the american side as well . 
  but you love the us and hate russians , so the qualitative similarities there do n't count for anything . 
   again , the old world is not just russia ... nice strawman again !, 
  and again , you 're far more obsessively arguing this bullshit for russia than anywhere else . 
  and the incessant accusations of strawmanning are getting tiring given that you do it just as much . 
  you consistenly arguing against russia on every given topic and moaning about russia every chance you get is n't a strawman , it 's a detectable , consistent pattern that you just refuse to acknowledge . 
   lol , it was a totalitarian dictatorship , which also had the protection of human rights in its constitution . 
  it was a facade , nothing else . 
  and once again , for someone who vehemently denies being biased against russians you do this inane ranting thing quite a lot . 
   plus , it was the dominant nation , which alone decided , what is and what is not a federal unit of the state . 
  and in 1918 estonia did n't have the right to secede according to any constitution . 
  do you think we should have remained part of russia then ??? 
  once again , international law post-wwii is a very different thing from before that . 
  you really should get a refund for that law degree . 
   so , the chechens could leave ? 
  yeah , obviously i 'm the one strawmanning here . 
  if you genuinely think that was what i was saying i 'd advice you to take some reading comprehension classes please . 
   and you do n't do that ? 
  :d i do n't . 
  i occasionally mock you , which is different . 
  oh an sorry for not responding to your various ` wow ' and ` oh boy ' responses . 
  as much as i am amused by you being perennially morally outraged there 's really not a lot to say to that other than that i hope you can move past that some day . 
   most russians did n't come to crimea centuries ago ... 
  most are probably in some way descended of the minority who did given intermarriage . 
   which state in particular does n't have separatism ? 
  hyperbole admittedly . 
  the point is the separatist thing in russia is pretty much a non-issue outside of the north-caucasus . 
   at least you are not subjective . 
  i 'm not , nobody is , but i can at least take comfort in the fact that i do n't base my ideas on right or wrong based on ethnicity . 
   sheer force holding indigenous minorities down ? 
  yeah , great stability !, 
  hyperbole . 
  chechnya is much more stable than it was and beyond chechnya and dagestan there really is n't much of an issue . 
  ` sheer force ' is an absurd exagerration . 
   wow , an apartheid all of a sudden ... semi-apartheid . 
  i do n't know what else to call these glorious heimats were minority ethnic groups would hold all the political power . 
   what is so inherently different from georgia seceding from the soviet union or chechnya seceding from russia ? 
  that the one had the legal right and the other did n't ? 
   there is a right to self determination , how do you not get this ??? 
  there is a right to territorial integrity that is preferenced above that , as i 've told you fifty times at this stage . 
  stop pretending to understand things you clearly do n't . 
   of russians ? 
  wow . 
  it 's a little different than rightly demonizing the russian dictatorship or its minority policy , do n't you think ? 
  calling a culture subhuman and calling for that country 's breakup and partition according to your narrow-minded view of historic justice has little to do aversion towards any particular regime . 
  think critically , please . 
   five hundred ? 
  wow again ... exaggerating to get a point across . 
  do n't get your panties in a bunch . 
   and do you really prefer this sort of stability that is used as a threat by the controlling nation , who keeps russifying its minorities ? 
  chechnya and the north caucasus as a whole are much , much less russian than they were . 
  in tatarstan the tatar language is doing much better than it was in the 90s . 
  russia has 35 official regional languages . 
  and every country everywhere has an assimilationist aspect to it , that 's unfortunate but it 's a fact of life . 
   and how would they be micro-nations ? 
  do you even know anything of the demographics of russia or are you just pulling these arguments out of a hat ? 
  pretty much every bit of russia outside of the north caucasus has russian majority or plurality . 
  russia has somewhere in the region of 150 minorities and you would give them all their nation states . 
   you are actively supporting the country that uses violence against an indigenous ethnic group for using the right of self determination ... that 's heartless !, 
  stop with the self-righteous moralizing please . 
  by your standards anyone saying croatia was in the right with operation storm was heartless as well .
