  its only decline is in relative military and political power and any sensible person can see that such thing hardly matter to the average person . 
  spain is ( despite its flaws ) a modern , relatively stable , relatively rich , peaceful country . 
  it 's not at war , it 's not in turmoil , it 's not collapsing . 
  well yes , but vying for independence is insanely risky without any sense of cooperation from the state you 're trying to secede from , and i do n't think modern-day spain is in any real way analogous to the decaying austria-hungary of 1918 . 
  well it 's somewhat understandable given the situation . 
  tens of thousands of migrants going haphazardly about your country does n't help anyone and serbia do n't have anyone they can easily turn them back to . 
  not really to do with wilders . 
  the referendum was initiated by a petition organized by www.geenstijl.nl which is ( somewhat rightwing ) populist blog with no direct connection to wilders . 
   of course nobody has any obligation against ukraine , but more trade is beneficial to both sides , so i do n't see how you would be losing anything by lowering trade barriers with ukraine . 
  which is the bulk of this association agreement . 
  the bulk but not all , and moscow sure is n't going to see it as being mainly a trade agreement . 
  i 'd also say that more trade is n't by definition always going to be beneficial to both sides . 
   as your compatriots say , this is about your dislike of eu ( which i fully support ) , but channeling it through a referendum about inconsequential agreement with ukraine , that desperately needs help seems heinous to me . 
  i very much doubt that it 's an inconsequential agreement to ukraine , much less to moscow . 
  the donbass war is winding down and ukraine seems to be recovering somewhat . 
  they 're not in a good way but they do n't seem to need help so desperately and they 're already getting eu aid without this association agreement anyway . 
  besides , attempts at association with ukraine have brought us little benefit so far and i very much doubt that it wo n't be a source of tension for decades to come, 
  what 's up with all the separatist fetishism going on in this thread ? 
  i think this referendum business is nonsensical as can be but could you please tell me how we 're `` taking it out '' on ukraine ? 
  we have every right to decide for ourselves if an eu-association agreement with ukraine is desirable . 
  ukraine having had a tough year does n't mean we have any obligation towards it . 
  according to wikipedia [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/nagorno_karabakh_current_en.png ) is the situation on the ground . 
  the orange being territory controlled by azerbaijan but claimed by nk ( as former parts of the nk autonomous oblast . 
   there is no armenephobia but turkophobia ... azerbaijan has literally honored a common axe murderer as a national hero and called on azeri youth to follow his example because his victim was armenian . 
  azerbaijan has literally demolished priceless armenian gravestones because they were armenian . 
  azerbaijan will literally not let you into the country if you have an armenian surname or armenian ancestry . 
  no armenophobia you say ? 
  armenian forces could n't neatly operate within nk 's administrative boundaries ( nk as an administrative unit had been officially abolished anyway and along with it any sort of armenian autonomy within azerbaijan ) while azerbaijan was using grad missiles to flatten stepanekert . 
  there 's also parts of former nk that are still controlled by azerbaijan . 
  the ceasefire went into effect with the lines where they are today and armenia and nk kept ( supposedly temporary ) control of what they had at the time . 
  it would 've been madness to start returning territory to azerbaijan when anyone could see that not only was azerbaijan not turning to reconciliation but was actually ramping up its armenophobic policies and rhetoric . 
  because invasions kill lots of people ? 
  because azerbaijan is insanely armenophobic to the point that if it actually does invade it 'll probably cleanse every single armenian from the region ? 
  because azerbaijan agreed to a ceasefire ( though much of the bishkek protocol is being blatantly ignored by both sides ) ? 
  it seems pretty obvious to me . 
  i 'd say no , barring some extreme incident . 
  neither side really benefits much from outright war . 
  armenia and nk have the military disadvantage as far as hardware and numbers go and they already have most of the territory they want secured and i very much doubt aliyev is willing to risk everything to gain back some territory , especially considering that the status quo might very well be to his personal advantage . 
  not armenian or azeri but to my knowledge people in both countries more or less despise the other side to a near-genocidal level and azeri propaganda especially has really pushed armenophobia to new heights . 
  i very much doubt they want war but if it came to it and they saw the need for it they wo n't be eager to compromise . 
  no bergen in the netherlands though :(, 
  do n't you have real good internet ? 
  well , although the polish cause was quite popular among european intelligentsia no state was really actively disputing that russia , germany and austria-hungary held sovereignty over the areas of the former commonwealth ( as for example the united states did for the baltic states after the soviet union annexed them ) . 
  what the poles thought is of very little consequence , regardless of how much we like self-determination ( which a lot of the time is a problematic concept regardless but i digress ) . 
  you 're right to dispute it considering he is ( like a lot of people on reddit ) mixing up his terms . 
  places like ireland and poland might not have been independent but they were n't occupied ; they were legally part of other states . 
  we should probably stop responding . 
  i 'm pretty sure op is trolling ( or attempting to at any rate ) . 
   also you keep speaking of them like they are animals which is weird . 
  ... what ? 
   my statement was that when you have various ethnic groups ruling over eachother , especially when it is minority rule , it leads to long term instability . 
  which is nonsense . 
  they 've had a century to do some nation building and some of them have succeeded admirably . 
  minority rule is n't ideal but it also is n't what 's actually going on in large part or is n't directly connected to sykes-picot . 
  the alawites being the dominant faction in syria for instance was brought about by a coup by assad 's father , before that the heads of state were pretty much always sunni . 
  the alawite-majority regions even being included in syria was a concession by the french to syrian nationalists . 
  most allied-installed governments either did n't last ( iraq ) , reformed themselves into pretty decent regimes ( jordan ) or were n't that bad to begin with ( lebanon ) . 
  minority rule is pretty much the exception , not the rule . 
  countries are responsible for their own misgovernment . 
  it is nonsensical to consider the uk and france the primary reason for the current conflict a century after sykes-picot . 
  i also fail to see how they had `` mass histories of conflict '' considering that most of them had lived in the same state ( relatively ) peacefully for four hundred years . 
  are we always going to blame turkey for the abominable state of the balkans and the massacres and the ethnic conflict that happened there ? 
  after all , they were the ones who imposed a muslim population onto the native christians . 
  or do we consider that the peoples of the balkan like those of the middle-east or any other region are perfectly capable of not massacring one another as well ? 
  that ultimately states containing multiple ethnicities and/or religious groups are n't hardwired to descend into chaos and are perfectly capable of governing themselves competently ? 
  sykes-picot was hardly ideal but letting them fight it out among themselves would 've solved exactly nothing . 
  could we please stop it with the incessant sykes-picot shit ? 
  you know about sykes-picot and think you 're very clever for it , we get it . 
  it 's nonsensical and drawn way out of proportion . 
  middle-easterners are n't savages who are hardwired to always try to kill each other if they 're marginally different from one another and happen to inhabit the same state . 
  i 'm not claiming turkey is actively funneling people through but it 's not like you 're really ( effectively ) holding them back either . 
  not arguing you should though ( although there 's plenty to say on turkey 's position vis-a-vis asylum seekers not from europe ) , and the funding situation for the camps is shameful to say the least . 
  it actually was irresponsible to let turkey ( and lebanon and jordan ) bear the brunt of the burden and act like nothing was going on . 
  would we have hundreds of thousands if you actually were ? 
  oh please . 
  you 've been letting hundreds of thousands through so far . 
  one isolated case of ( temporarily ) halting a single group proves exactly nothing . 
  well you might joke but obama 's non-policy towards syria certainly has n't helped the situation . 
  nor has europe 's though , it 's in our proverbial backyard . 
  it 'd be nice if the middle-east misgoverning itself into crisis was n't our problem but unfortunately it invariably is and there 's no way around it . 
  the year in the title is incorrect ( 1869 should be 1896 ) . 
  very interesting stuff though . 
  they were n't colonists by and large . 
  there were some newly settled germans in poland and ukraine but by and large the germans that were expelled were from centuries-old communities and a lot of them were from east-prussia , pomerania and silesia . 
  territories that were almost 100 % german demographically ( and part of germany or other german states for hundreds of years ) before the war but were ethnically cleansed . 
  yeah sorry i might 've been a bit condescending there . 
  i just get a bit miffed when people talk about countries like that and typecast them as forever being unchanging evil , regressive , repressive , oppressive etc. 
  i do sympathize with georgia and the aggression it has faced from russia . 
  ok , here it goes . 
  i despise the soviet union as much as anyone but i fail to see how the russian empire was much different or worse from its contemporaries . 
  i also fail to see how being annexed by russia in the late 18th century did n't actually improve your position and protect you from being permanently annexed and colonized by either the turks or persians . 
  a narrative of that is a construction in the sense that any narrative that spans several centuries and casts one side as the always innocent progressive noble victim and the other as the always regressive tyrannical oppressor is obvious nonsense . 
  there 's not been a two-century long russian policy of keeping those georgians down and any attempt to construct a narrative of that kind is absolute lunacy . 
   `` no identity '' - what is identity ? 
  and the eu gives us that . 
  identity is a construction . 
  if you somehow manage to derive some sense of belonging from a bunch of bureaucrats sitting in an ivory tower in brussels ( or strassbourg for whatever reason ) making fancy speeches i commend you for it . 
   `` no shared history '' - except for the romans ( who traded also with those who were n't part of the empire ) does n't go for the scandinavians , nor the russians , nor the poles , nor the balts etc. 
   the waves of germanic immigration does n't work for the russians , the scandinavians , most of the balkan etc. 
   the spread of christianity except azerbaijan , bosnia & herzegovina , parts of russia , albania , kosovo etc.
