  georgia , ukraine and all the rest of them can fight back against separatism but not them ruskies though cuz they 're evil lol if you do n't understand basic principles of international law and how territorial integrity ( and international respect for that ) takes precedence over self-determination then you really should stop trying to talk about these things . 
  russia annexed nothing in chechnya . 
  it was legally part of russia before , it was legally and de facto part of russia after , they just reasserted their authority . 
  there 's nothing imperialist about fighting back against separatism . 
  oh please . 
  try to understand what whataboutism actually means before you start accusing people of it . 
  that 's very nice rhetoric and i 'm sure that narrative is very emotionally satisfying for you but it does n't change the facts . 
  chechnya was and is an internationally recognized part of the russian federation . 
  just as abkhazia , south-ossetia are of georgia and donetsk , luhansk and crimea are of ukraine . 
  literally no nation in the world would have tolerated a part of it to secede like chechnya tried to do from russia . 
  taking military action against a rebellious province is n't imperialist . 
  ... russia did n't conquer anything in chechnya , at least not anymore than say croatia did in operation storm , or bosnia did in its counteroffensive against republika srpska , or ukraine did in retaking parts of its rebel-held east . 
  chechnya was a rebellious province . 
  you can lament the abuses ( on both sides ) of the war and you can lament the current international attitudes towards self-determination by subject peoples but you ca n't credibly condemn the russians for crushing a rebellious province in and of itself . 
  chechnya was and is a de jure part of the russian federation , as acknowledged by literally every single state in the world . 
  you ca n't simultaneously say that chechnya should be independent while insisting on georgia 's territorial integrity even though south-ossetia and abkhazia were and are equally separatist-minded as chechnya . 
  i would n't bother seriously arguing about this stuff with a gimmick-account like / u/occupythekremlin . 
  also the most voracious smokers , right ? 
  yeah , absolute nonsense but nice try . 
  russians have lived there only 60 years you say ... even though the 1897 census indicates they were a third of the population back then . 
  i also seriously doubt whether a safe zone of such kind would offer significantly better prospects than the refugee camps in jordan and lebanon or the situation of refugees living in turkey itself . 
  in all three countries people are safe but still risk everything to get to europe . 
  this safe zone would be cut off from its natural hinterland in the rest of syria and have no long-term development prospects until the actual conflict calms down . 
  if anything such a safe zone would become intricately ( politically and ( socio ) economically ) connected to and dependent on turkey itself and might facilitate the refugees getting into europe even easier . 
  well i 'm not quite sure as to what assad 's view of his regime is , maybe he genuinely believes this war 's entirely due to outside influences and that the west and its regional allies are entirely to blame for the civil war and the painful measures that he has had to take in response and that the west is thus in a position to put an immediate stop to it . 
  he certainly would n't be the first dictator to buy into his own propaganda . 
  i 'd also say that most of donbass was russian for far longer than the rest of modern-day ukraine and was only really settled large-scale after the khanates in the area had been defeated . 
  ukrainians are as much ` colonists ' there as russians are . 
  because singling out russia for this kind of thing is an insane act of doublethink only the most deluded of russophobes should try . 
  acting like this is a uniquely russian thing and that this specifically is the reason russia has no right to crimea is disingenuous and makes no sense . 
  same thing happened with basically every place ever at one point . 
  and crimea was rus land before the tatars invaded it so we can spin this whichever one might like . 
  do n't single out russia and act like its somehow always been a uniquely aggressive country when what russia did was par for the course in 1783 and they showed much more consideration for the tatars than the tatars did for them in their slave raids . 
  ukrainians are equally non-indigenous to crimea as russians are ( both having lived there for over 200 years now ) . 
  those precious crimean tatars meanwhile were a grand total of 19 % of the population before being deported over 70 years ago . 
  people 's right to self-determination ( to be clear , crimea seceding like it did was n't an example of self-determination in my view ) ca n't be dependent on whether you personally like them or not . 
  your qualifications for a certain demographic balance being ` artificial ' seems to largely correspond with whether you have a bias against the dominant group or not . 
  besides , characterizing the kosovo conflict as a ` serb-inflicted ethnic conflict ' is somewhat disingenuous when the thing was mostly started by ethnic-albanian us-backed rebels and only ballooned into a full-on war after nato intervened ( and hugely empowered the kla ) . 
  not to mention that they 've had this ` credible reform agenda ' for ages and have n't made credible progress in decades and have in fact moved in the opposite direction as of late . 
  they were n't ` completely wiped out ' . 
  they suffered from persecution ( tragic but pretty natural after having the tables turned on you after hundreds of years of oppression ) but there were still plenty left until the end of the greco-turkish war when they were ` exchanged ' with turkish christians because turkey mass-expelling its christians necessitated it and turkey also asked for said exchange . 
  its pretty bizarre to ask for them to be deported but subsequently lament their fate as if it 's something turkey did n't explicitly ask to happen . 
  well the occasional incidents on the greek side and the sporadic bouts of intercommunal fighting in the years before 1974 is n't exactly equivalent to turkey invading and ethnically cleansing northern cyprus in my mind . 
  the thing is though that simply handing back power over the island fully the to the republic of cyprus is n't a real solution after four decades of separation , and laying ultimate blame is n't really helpful when trying to deal with a practical issue in a way which will help both sides . 
  turkey 's invasion might well have been illegal and might well have caused untold suffering for hundreds of thousands but turkey simply leaving is neither viable nor helpful at this point . 
  stay where you are , i guess ? 
  for all his blustering i seriously doubt trump could ruin things more than bush jr. ( for example ) did and riding out four years should be doable regardless of what trump might screw up . 
  europe is n't a paradise and you ca n't just immigrate whenever you want wherever you want unless you were either born here , had parents here , already have citizenship , corporate sponsorship etc. 
  well kosovo has far more international support and is less isolated than crimea is . 
  i 'm not a big fan of kosovo but its long-term prospects are certainly better than that of a crimea forcefully annexed by russia . 
   yes , you 'll decide what an alliance is , well an alliance where the us occasionally throws scraps towards the russians ( which they also do towards china and north-korea for another example ) and then proceeds to trample right over them in nearly every single international matter may constitute an alliance in someone else 's view , that 's fine . 
  that would mean the entire world is in alliance however . 
  that would make a nicely positive worldview but not a very workable definition of alliance in terms of talking about international relations . 
   and then after you 've defined the parameters on your own terms , you 'll now be in a position to reject any attempt to fit them . 
  i have n't exactly formulated any parameters as such but would you say the us and russia would have said they had an alliance at the time ? 
  look in any dictionary and the exact definition of alliance will be vague and non-specific . 
  / u/trolls _ brigade started this definitions mess when he started talking about a non-military alliance where an alliance is apparently defined as the kind of relationship where one occasionally throws one 's ` ally ' scraps off one 's food table while trampling all over them otherwise because said party is momentarily weak and it 's nice to appear humanitarian . 
   nice sophistry , thanks  and very entertaining comedy . 
   well , no one else helped you , so there is that ... not russian . 
   i intended to write a much longer post but this will suffice : making the kremlin queasy : massive american aid has helped russians three times in the last century two of those times are during the soviet period ... and that still does n't mean anything . 
  does us aid to the soviet union in the 20s mean they were allies back then ? 
  of course not . 
  the us being humanitarian at times means exactly nothing when they went against russia in foreign affairs 9 times out of 10 and repeatedly tried to affect political changes in russia and its near abroad against russian wishes . 
   also , do you know that the us paid russia to build the first iss module , and politically , the reason the us agreed to build the iss is to keep the russian space industry employed ? 
  yes , easing tensions . 
  very prudent , very neat . 
  does n't constitute an alliance of any kind . 
   i wo n't even delve into more minutia , such as the 5 billion from imf intended to help russia during the 1998 crisis , the imf is n't a charity ... 
  nonsense . 
  tolerating russia 's existence and making deals with it just like any other country does n't mean the eu or the us were ever its allies . 
  neither the eu nor the us did much of anything specifically to help russia . 
  neither of those were ever allies . 
   losing a vital important ally for decades to come not a putin fan or anything but which ` vital important ally ' might that be ? 
  he 's from limburg . 
  they 're basically still our colony . 
  i said nothing about volga tatars . 
  calling the katorga ( actually the gulag as well for the most part ) ` death camps ' is a gross misrepresentation . 
  as is equating it with the gulag when the gulag was much , much larger scale and the soviet union was much more repressive than the russian empire ever was . 
  let 's not start playing the blame game on that particular conflict . 
  til 200 million people = no one, 
  well yeah . 
  though it should be noted that though ukrainian policy towards crimean tatars was never especially humanitarian , russian repression is most definitely worse . 
  georgia had a song called ` peace will come ' in 2008 . 
  later that year they promptly started an offensive against their separatist province south-ossetia and were invaded by russia in turn . 
  russia was the nucleus of the ussr , russians were the leading nationality within it and russia is the state that most identifies with it to this day and its mostly russians that took the place of the deported tatars ( though russians were the plurality population before that as well ) . 
  i 'm all for thinking less in terms of ` guilty ' ethnicities and nations but let 's not pretend the soviet union was some georgian empire under stalin , a man who turned into somewhat of a great russian chauvinist later in his life . 
  there 's some precedent for more egregiously political stuff than this . 
  for instance , greece in 1976 sent a song that was literally about the invasion of cyprus by turkey two years previous . 
  i 'm all for going against the narrative of the evil russians having always been the eternal aggressors upon a hitherto innocent world and everything but i 'd say whatever the crimean khanate , a state that was dissolved in 1783 , did is irrelevant in the context of this largely innocent minority being deported in its entirety in 1944 . 
  phrased that somewhat awkwardly . 
  what i meant was let 's not pretend that the song purely has to do with a random 70 year old tragedy rather than the recent annexation . 
  and whatever you might think of putin 's russia it is n't half as authoritarian or oppressive as say brezhnev 's or kruschev 's soviet union , much less stalin 's . 
  apparently you care enough to start moaning about it . 
  oh please . 
  the first time they get the opportunity post-annexation ukraine sends a song about crimean tatars being deported by russians and it 's somehow not supposed to be a political statement ? 
  i 'm personally fine with it but let 's not be deliberately obtuse . 
   thats pretty irrelevant , this incident shows that armenians are fully capable of the sentiment that you consider as holding back armenian-azerbaijani relations . 
  azerbaijan wants full control of a majority-armenian area and has shown repeatedly that it considers all armenians its enemies , that 's relevant . 
  armenia has shown much more restraint in that aspect . 
   after calls by the armenian government and populace to pardon him of the crime of murdering innocents .
