  all of those atrocities done during the conflict was carried out by both sides . 
  it 's not that , one side constantly oppressed other side . 
  and all of these rhetorics that `` azerbaijanis killed/butchered poor victim armenians '' , i found it as armenian propaganda . 
  again you 're arguing against a strawman of your own making . 
  i 've never taken any of the positions you 're arguing against here . 
   you name several events which happened during the war . 
  between 1988-1994 . 
  this is wrong approach . 
  this particular argument started with you claiming that armenians were perfectly safe in post-wwi azerbaijan because the armenians held some seats in parliament . 
  this in response to my challenge to name any prolonged period in independent azerbaijan in which armenians were n't persecuted . 
  i replied with several notable massacres willfully committed by azerbaijan in the 1918-20 period . 
  that is a perfectly appropriate response . 
   relatively low-scale displacement ? 
  bla bla bla yes , 1987 is n't 1989 . 
  the first issues cropped up in 1987 the displacement being * at that time * relatively low-scale , the first notable pogrom marking a definite escalation was performed by azerbaijan in sumgait in 1988 . 
  that is still one year before the 1989 census . 
   what gigantic issue they had during the peace times ( between 1920s -1987 ) ?? 
  ( being colonized in the nkao , but seeing as you deny that against all sense i 'll stick to another example . ), 
  being squeezed out of nakhchivan . 
  an issue i 've named time and time again and the only thing you 've said in response has been ` bu bu but the armenians did it too ! ', 
  which i 'll say again , is n't an actual proper defense of your wrongful claim that there were no issues . 
   i never said that , both azerbaijan and armenia have blame on conflcit . 
  your exact words :  but if there was a war in 1991 it was not because of so-called azerbaijan 's oppression of poor armenians . 
  this is your delusional propaganda . 
  it was because of national aspiration of armenian people . 
  literally there was not any oppression of armenian people in soviet azerbaijan . 
  you said there were literally no issues for armenian azerbaijanis and that the only reason the war started was because of armenian ambitions where again i must say i do n't know what your issue is with the aliyev regime given that again your views are pretty much perfectly aligned . 
   it 's very wrong to show as only azerbaijanis massacred armenians . 
  this is what you are doing . 
  before september days there was march days . 
  before shusha there was massacres by garegin nzdeh , andranik ozanian and dashnaks . 
  look , they are all inter-related . 
  you can not just pick one of them and make a point . 
  this happens every single fucking time . 
  you suppose that armenians were doing perfectly fine in azerbaijan . 
  i name several events that make it perfectly clear that 's not the case , you respond with ` bu bu but the armenians were doing it too !!!! ', 
  which is completely irrelevant to the original argument . 
   it 's not that , suddently , out of blue azerbaijanis began kill armenians on street . 
  this is how you constantly portray it . 
  of course it is n't , and i 've never once alleged that to be the case ( also in your view it 's impossible for azerbaijanis to kill armenians out of the blue while you 're alleging that the conflict started because armenians started killing azerbaijanis out of the blue , hilariously ) . 
   armenian campaign of miatsum , mass violent forceful deportation of azerbaijanis and terrorist attacks of armenian militant groups ( one of my aunts died on that attack on bus , when he was returning for his son 's wedding ) happened well before what you call `` anti-armenian pogroms '' . 
  dubious . 
  relatively low-scale displacement is n't equivalent to pogroms and it 's quite difficult to establish who started first . 
  the first notable pogrom in the war was committed by azerbaijan in sumgait . 
   you are talking about nakhcivan , but not about armenia 's azerbaijani population which were systematically eradicated . 
  these are all inter-related . 
  irrelevant . 
  you were supposing armenians had no issues in azerbaijan , i name a gigantic issue they were having ( throughout the soviet period you idealize as peaceful coexistence ) and once again you start crying ` bu bu but armenians did it too !!!! ' . 
  it 's maddening . 
   this is your typical delusional alternative reality . 
  i never said that . 
  it 's obviously the implication . 
  you 're suggesting that unlike any similar conflict anywhere in the world this one had no legitimate grievances behind it and that azerbaijan did literally nothing to provoke it , that armenians just started it because they 're like that . 
  you 're literally alleging that the armenians rose up to angelic azerbaijan because they 're just natural-born untrustworthy backstabbers . 
   for somebody so interested in the topic , you seem to know barely little about the history of those territories . 
  bla bla bla bla i 'm well aware of all of that . 
  the simple fact is that i 'm talking about the situation as it was right before the conflict . 
  the demographic history of centuries before the conflict is relevant in exactly no way whatsoever . 
  if you 're supposing that is than please tell me why ( beyond the implication that armenians are filthy backstabbing colonists , i 've already heard azerbaijani propagandists repeat that black propaganda to no end ) . 
   i 've never heard of that user . 
  shame , he seems right up your alley , listen to him and you 'll find all new ways to dishonestly accuse armenians of being nazis . 
  think of the possibilities man !, 
   lol . 
  he did n't even fight . 
  he went to some diplomatic mission to nazi germany . 
  which is the exact equivalent of what dro and nzhdeh were doing . 
  jesus christ dude show at least some critical thinking . 
   and you are comparing him to a guy who headed a nazi military unit ? 
  did n't commit war crimes , you say ? 
  that 's rich . 
  it was n't involved in serious fighting . 
  also i said ` notable ' war crimes . 
  i 'd say it 's quite telling that dro was arrested by the americans and then promptly released with no fuss . 
   then what was the armenische legion doing , giving flowers to their enemies ? 
  the activities of the armenian legion are relatively well-documented and there 's never been anything to suggest they were involved in serious war crimes . 
  if you 're alleging that they were please present some proof . 
   because it wants to get its land back ?? 
  did nazi germany not represent any danger to the jews and poles in poland solely because that land had been german before and they merely wanted ` their land back ' ? 
  if the roc was ruled completely by the eoka-b as an authoritarian dictatorship and if it was acting in a way that was analogous to what the aliyev regime has been doing ( handing medals to axe-murderers because their victims were turks , falsifying history in an anti-turkish way , destroying turkish heritage in southern cyprus , threatening ethnic cleansing on the remaining turks , denying all turks entry to the roc on account of their ethnicity etc. ), 
  would you similarly say that the roc is simply not a danger to turkish cypriots because it just ` wants to get its land back :( ( ( ( ' ? 
   really ? 
  i 've never seen you defend the trnc when it gets called a psuedostate . 
  you have always been very biased against the people of northern cyprus in your comments . 
  the trnc has plenty of defenders , and as i said the situation in that conflict is fundamentally different . 
  me arguing on behalf of karabakhi armenians more than i do on behalf of turkish cypriots is because i 'm more annoyed with the ignorant nonsense said about the former than that against the latter is merely a * temperamental * flaw i 'll readily admit to ( i 've also occasionally argued against people who were too anti-azerbaijani from my pov but hey that does n't really fit your narrative so let 's forget about that ) . 
  turkish cypriots are also not in any way under threat from the roc the way karabakhi armenians are from azerbaijan . 
   i 've never used such terms to describe anybody . 
  quiet riduclous that you would even use such terms . 
  they 're a fairly accurate reflection of why your views of the nk-conflict and the cyprus situation are the way they are . 
  it certainly has nothing to do with the qualitative differences between the two . 
   azerbaijan is , and armenia is n't ? 
  why are people protesting there now ? 
  because it is a thriving prulist democracy ? 
  irrelevant whataboutism . 
  nice job . 
   as for xenophobia , armenia is one of the most ethnically pure and uniform countries in the world . 
  other than the handful of yazidis there are hardly no minorities whatsoever . 
  armenia barely had minorities to begin with , the biggest minority were azerbaijanis who left for the same reason azerbaijan 's armenians left . 
  the other minorities ( mostly russians and jews ) barely amounted to much and mostly left because armenia was poor ( see also russians and jews in other impoverished post-soviet states ) and they could relatively easily get to more prosperous countries . 
   anti-semitism is rampant across the population .
