  what , does he think he deserves the nobel peace prize ? 
  the man who 's driving his country to the edge of civil war and constantly fanning anti-kurdish and anti-armenian sentiments ? 
  you could honestly go to any video on youtube with a decent view count on any subject even tangentially connected to turkey , greece , serbia , armenia etc. 
  and find plenty of comments in a similar vein from all sides . 
  laughably bad attempts at word play always included . 
  it 's actually kind of scary just how endemic this kind of thing . 
   hyperboling and hamstering is strong with you my butthurt friend thanks , i think my baiting skills are pretty good as well . 
  nice obligatory usage of the word butthurt there by the way , what 's with the obsession you people over at / r/turkey have for that word anyhow ? 
  to be honest i do n't take these things that seriously and it was pretty low of me to even bring it up here as it was n't even that relevant . 
  however i do think there 's a pretty hateful streak in mainstream turkish nationalism that is ( only ) somewhat symbolized by this sort of thing . 
  you can think for example about the way armenian cultural heritage within turkey is being treated , or anti-armenianism in general that also pops up in diaspora-turkish communities . 
  really though , turkey 's hardly unique in the internet aspect of it , it 's pretty much in line with the stuff you see by various balkan countries , the russians and ukrainians , or this whole ` white genocide ' crowd popping up around anything to do with refugees these days . 
   well besides the fact that the first part is completely irrelevant , otherwise the holocaust would not be a genocide because there are still jews in germany , yes there is plenty of evidence . 
  british commission on the war said it happened on both sides . 
  war crimes happened on all sides , yes . 
  but only one side survived in significant numbers on the territory of the turkish republic post-war . 
  the turks remained , the armenians and greeks were gone . 
   besides , how the fuck could a systematic massacre not do exactly that ? 
  like seriously , give me a scenario where the systematic massacre of a specific population not be intended to shift demographics ? 
  intent and outcome is important here . 
  we know about armenian and greek massacres but what we do not know is whether they were part of an overall policy . 
  the armenians and greeks committed massacres but it was ultimately they themselves who where wholly cleansed from the area and the turks who were left in their cleansed nation-state . 
   well besides the fact that the origin of the fire is still highly disputed , a war crime is not genocide , especially when not directed . 
  did we try to commit genocide in afghanistan because of some overzealous subcommanders ? 
  have any ` overzealous subcommanders ' caused the wholesale extinction of certain ethnic groups in large areas of afghanistan ? 
   i am not denying the fact that it is a war crime , and ethnic cleansing , but it is not genocide . 
  besides , the greeks literally did the same shit , so did they commit genocide ? 
  * outcome * matters . 
  the turks worked towards a specific agenda that resulted in an almost purely sunni turkey cleansed of all its minorities bar the kurds . 
  we do n't know what a defeat of the turkish nationalists would 've looked like or whether the greeks and armenians would commit genocide on them in turn and that is n't the point nor has it ever been . 
  the greeks and armenians committing massacres ( which you might extrapolate to a policy of ethnic cleansing ) does n't mean that the turks are n't guilty of genocide , period . 
   considering you see the regimes as a continuity anyway , why would he not try to cover it up ? 
  i do n't see the regimes as a continuity , it 's just the persecution of armenians that is continuous and deliberate . 
  besides , it does n't matter what i think . 
  atat\u00fcrk was selling the image of a new turkey regardless of what i might think of ottoman-republican continuity . 
   * various mentions of ethnic cleansing instead of genocide * yes it was ethnic cleansing , * as part of a genocide * . 
  1915-23 was a near-continuous period of persecution of armenians that resulted in their extinction on the vast majority of the land they 'd inhabited previously . 
  the republican regime being mildly less murderous does n't change the fact that armenians were still being murdered , persecuted , raped , robbed etc. 
  for the simple reason of their being armenians . 
  there is a continuity of persecution that saw armenians disenfranchised , murdered , deported , raped , robbed etc. 
  all throughout the period . 
  some briefly returning matters little if the end result is still as catastrophic as it is and the turkish republic did absolutely nothing to allow these people back into their homes . 
   now , is it a massive tragedy that is in no way justified ? 
  yes , should it be taught ? 
  yes , as long as you make it clear that it was not a genocide but still emphasize the human tragedy and the fact that it was a crime against humanity oh please . 
  yeah no kidding . 
  on a lighthearted note , i went to look at the trailer on [ youtube ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cklc4zr2mw ) , made the mistake of looking at the the comments section and came across such gems as this :  funny how weak people ( greeks armenians aka the mentally challenged people amongst the human race the orthodogs ) . . always play the victim . . always play the sheep . 
  the innocent . 
   why do the gayreeks never mention the 497.000 turks/muslims killed in present day greek soil mosques burned to the ground . 
  from the balkans all turks forced to migrate . .  we learned massacring from the inferior savage animal dogs . . the orthodogs to be precise . . greeks , serbs , russians ... and their hairy friends the armenians got the better of it ... 
  honestly , if turkey and the virulently hateful ultra-nationalism it seems to routinely spawn are the secular model for the middle-east to follow i 'd almost prefer the islamists . 
  ... what, 
   ok , are you willing to then qualify the massacres committed by greeks and armenians of turkish and kurdish civilians as genocide ? 
  did they result in the permanent disappearance of those groups from the regions they formerly inhabited or is there any sign that that was the ultimate goal ? 
   honest question . 
  if you think one is and not the other , you 're insanely intellectually dishonest . 
  i do n't think so , but thanks . 
   yes , but there is little evidence that it was directed and plenty of evidence that there were attempts to stop it from happening . 
  the turks lit the fire in smyrna and engaged in an orgy of violence , rape and robbery in an effort to scare those pesky * gavur * into leaving . 
  the turks forcibly evicted the armenians from the former kars oblast . 
  they tried to stop exactly none of it . 
   i mean for fuck sakes you really think that a guy who admitted to the genocide to an american newspaper , years after the fact in an effort to make his own regime look good in comparison . 
   sent warnings to evacuate izmir , and then willfully burned * gavur \u0130zmir * to the ground because those pesky * gavur * refused to leave their native city on their own accord and then sat by and watched as his troops raped , looted and murdered . 
   and thought about offering van to armenians ( ataturk ) committed a systematic genocide against them . 
  the armenians of smyrna and kars are * gone * . 
  they were there before those supremely tolerant * republican * turks got to them and after deliberate , targeted persecution they were gone . 
  every single territory they took apart from istanbul ( and later alexandretta , although plenty of armenians were evicted from there as well ) was virtually cleansed of every armenian they could find . 
  how is that not genocide ? 
  / r/europe is n't governed by the echr . 
   like the claim that the armenian genocide lasted until 1923 , into the republican period . 
  oh , so the armenians that went back to the former kars oblast after 1918 are still there huh ? 
  oh wait they 're gone ? 
  aw shucks , i wonder why that is ? 
  what about the armenians of smyrna ? 
  gone as well ? 
  hmmm , strange ... you know i think i have some clue as to why they 're gone . 
  ca n't quite put my finger on it though ...  but then you would have to consider greek actions towards turks during that invasion to be genocide as well . 
  well no , you would n't . 
   but once the republican government took over genocide stopped ( although persecutions continued ) . 
  if ` persecution ' * by design * results in the wholesale eradication and/or eviction of the ethnicity in the area they formerly inhabited , i struggle to see how that is n't genocide . 
   fuck lets just call massacres by armenians of azerbaijans genocide too while we are at it . 
  azerbaijanis and nationalist turks do this , you know . 
  ever heard of the khojaly * genocide * ? 
  but you know , you could make the argument that both sides in that war committed genocide on the other , albeit on a relatively small scale . 
  populations of both ethnicities are virtually gone from territory controlled by the opposing party . 
  but for practical reasons the term is generally reserved for larger-scale events . 
  the armenians were ( and are ) virtually gone from every single inch of historically armenian-populated post-war turkish-controlled territory because of * deliberate * actions by the turkish government . 
  how could that * possibly * not be genocide ? 
  huh wow . 
  just read about it , seems disgustingly propagandist . 
  what 's there to refute ? 
  you repeatedly go on about supposed western russophilia because ` the west ' did nothing to save eastern europe ( much of which had itself allied with nazi germany ) from soviet domination , which it did n't have the means to do anyway . 
  but then i 'd guess that you 'd have favored a german victory anyway . 
  the crux of your argument seems to be that nato never started a cataclysmic war with russia for basically no reason . 
  nato is a military alliance that is obliged to * defend its member states * , and little beyond that . 
  it is not obliged to go to war with russia to ensure that georgia can violently subjugate its uppity regions in peace . 
  it is not obliged to go to war with russia to keep them out of syria . 
  it is not obliged to use military means to help ukraine either . 
  could you please take your insane paranoia about supposed western russophila elsewhere ? 
  what is it that you even see as worth defending about europe when your political views align much more closely with putin 's than those practiced in any other european state barring perhaps belarus ?
