   what surprises me more is that the dutch are n't more pissed off at the russians . 
  if you lived here you would 've seen and read plenty of overblown stuff about russia and mh17 , believe me . 
  the referendum on the eu-ukraine association agreement does n't equate to not being pissed at russia . 
  do n't you get it ? 
  it 's those crazy balkans , you never know what those crazy balkan people might do : ddddddddddddddddddddddddd, 
  how the hell do three near-identical languages somehow find a way of all having a different name for armenia of all places ? 
   sudetendeutsche agree . 
  sudetenland will never be cheh again !, 
  so your solution is to ethnically cleanse the russians out of crimea ? 
  that 's what the czechs did to the sudeten germans . 
  that 's what ultimately solved the sudetenland issue . 
  those germans were also on the losing side of a world war and i do n't think anyone 's starting any wars against russia any time soon . 
  honestly the best ukraine can hope for as far as future russian governments go ( in relation to crimea ) is one that allows a free and fair referendum within crimea on its status . 
  and i 'm not quite sure ukraine would like the results . 
   `` we 'll immediately sign a new agreement and provide power to crimea , but the contract must say that electricity will be supplied to crimea as part of ukraine . '' considering the costs russia knowingly incurred in annexing crimea i very much doubt russia is gon na make any concessions as far as acknowledging ukrainian sovereignty over crimea goes to solve temporary electricity issues . 
  yes , you 've uncovered my dark secret . 
  i 'm actually the ceo of royal dutch shell , and i would 've gotten away with it too if it were n't for you meddling redditors . 
  tony blair and his ideologically bankrupt new labour nonsense can stuff it . 
  you 've had your time to start wars and sell nonsense ideology . 
  best keep to your day job now , tony ; [ fellating repressive dictatorships ] ( https://newrepublic.com/article/120691/tony-blair-does-pr-repressive-azerbaijan-kazakhstan-autocracies ) for those sweet sweet petrodollars . 
  what did we do to be liked as much as we are to begin with ? 
  ireland will probably not get any significant eu funds ( beyond what 's normally allocated ) . 
  it 's your own fault for solving your mess ( largely ) by yourself . 
  well if true that 's a bunch of nonsense . 
  working towards eventual independence for flanders ( which seems to be futile given that the majority of both flemings and walloons supports keeping belgium intact ) is one thing but demanding support for the disintegration of a fellow eu and nato member ? 
  even if he suffers further setbacks he has a defensible near 100 % alewite enclave on the coast to fall back on . 
  with the other local parties becoming increasingly sectarian the alewites will do their all to defend that part of their country , for assad if that 's their only decent option . 
  if it 's ( ` moderate ' ) jihadists that end up on top in syria i 'd also very much doubt that the international community would let them overrun an area full of alewite heretics . 
  you probably should n't underestimate assad anyway . 
  his imminent downfall has been predicted too many times to count him out just yet . 
  plus , with the recent russian intervention his situation has strengthened rather than deteriorated as of late . 
  * russo-georgian war * great recession * beginning of the greek crisis among others . 
  it 's not specifically about ukraine , more about eu-expansionism in general . 
  expanding eu-membership , visa-free travel , and schengen ever eastward and all the shit about greece has n't been well-received and there 's a sense that it 's all done over ` our ' heads . 
  the association-agreement is n't specifically a prelude to membership but both ukraine and the eu have been very clear that that 's on the roadmap somewhere and that possibility holds little appeal here when the previous accession of countries in the east has n't been well-received either . 
  on that particular comment from b92 i 'd say that whether it 's technically desecration or not is largely irrelevant given the sentiment that it represents . 
  it 's also not quite the same . 
  serbia was fighting an active insurgency and was under the rule of a dictator . 
  kosovo is a nato/un/eu protectorate ( supposedly a democracy ) that gets massively subsidized by the international community ( partly to prevent shit like this ) and it has been at peace for over 15 years . 
   yes , supporting the independence of my own country is `` preaching the hospel of irredentism and humiliating serbia '' . 
  setting the requirement of serbia ceding even more provinces before casting off a worthless province that the kosovan albanians enjoy no practical authority in seems insane to me , sorry . 
   and calling kosova a `` mafia state '' is rather rich . 
  how many people would say that russia , italy or bulgaria ( or serbia and montenegro for that matter ) should not be independent because organized crime is powerful there ? 
  i 'm not claiming kosovo should n't be independent because it 's a mafia state . 
  i 'm claiming it should n't have been given independence because it sets a precedent for other terrorists to try their luck in provoking massacres and then calling in nato to bail them out and grant them their ` independence ' . 
   the only other country this occured in was macedonia . 
  and serbia 's presevo valley . 
   while i will admit it 's amusing to see greek and serbian nationalists pretending to care about macedonia , they probably care about the principle of respecting another country 's sovereignty in their territory . 
   i 'm a little surprised given your seemign support for northern kosova that you do n't extend similar support to albanian majority municipalities in macedonia . 
  northern kosovo is a practical problem for both belgrade and pristina because pristina insists on draggint it into a failed state even when they have no practical authority there . 
  respecting the sovereignty of countries within their borders is a path to peace and understanding . 
  constantly promoting irredentism , separatism , and terrorism is n't . 
   so , is azerbaijan the agrieved party and justified in its actions towards nk ? 
  it 's justified in wanting nk back . 
  it 's their anti-armenian policies ( destruction of armenian heritage , ethnic cleansing , propaganda ) that forms the major stumbling block and those policies are vastly worse than anything serbia has post-milosevic . 
  the nk situation was also much worse in terms of ethnic cleansing than kosovo was . 
   exactly , the constitution of serbia can say what ever it wants . 
  it does n't have any meaning in international law it does have meaning on serbia 's sovereign territory though . 
  and the recognition of kosovo by hundreds of states * is * a violation of serbia 's territorial integrity . 
   a rather one sided view of the situation in kosova i 'd say . 
  the premise of kosova 's independence was self-determination of the majority of its population . 
  i said part of the premise . 
  of course the * actual * goal of it had nothing to do with conceding anything to the serbs . 
   and if its leaders are so intent of `` continiously antagonizing the serbs '' , why have they agreed to this deal in the first place ? 
  the kosovar leadership agreed because they 're vassals . 
  they depend in everything on the eu , un , nato etc propping up their essentially already failed state . 
  in that situation of course they 're going to pay lip service to the idea of kosovo being anything other than a tool of albanian irredentism . 
  also i did n't say that the kosovar leadership was intent on continuously agonizing the serbs . 
  as far as i know they 'd all very much like amicable relations and recognition from belgrade for their amazing new mafia state . 
  i was saying that you ( and people like you ) were intent on continuously antagonizing the serbs . 
  you 're preaching the gospel of irredentism and humiliating serbia . 
  i did n't propose returning northern kosovo to serbia because i like ethnic partition so much but because kosovo has clearly failed to establish any practical authority in the area and it 's become nothing but a source of trouble for both belgrade and pristina . 
   are we talking about serbia or kosova here ? 
  we 're talking about albania , kosovo , and the various insurgencies that were instigated in parts of other countries with albanian populations living in them in an effort to achieve a greater albania . 
   you could also say that waging a constant diplomatic/political campaign to deny the legitimacy of kosova 's independence does n't provide a stable platform for peace or good inter-ethnic relations . 
  waging a ( doomed ) campaign for the territorial integrity of your country is just something any self-respecting country does . 
  serbia is the aggrieved party here . 
  it does n't persecute albanians , it just wants its territorial integrity respected . 
   kosova did n't ` illegally ' secede fron serbia , unless you can provide a legal judgement which supports that claim . 
  it violates serbia 's territorial integrity and the constitution of serbia . 
  admittedly this is a bit of a murky concept because international law does n't have a definite stance on secession ( which is the same conclusion that the world court came to when they judged kosovo 's independence not illegal ) . 
  so it technically does n't violate international law but definitely does violate serbian law and territorial integrity ( which was to be respected per un resolution 1244 and the helsinki accords ) . 
   oh no , serbia is ` humilitated ' - cry me a river . 
  well since part of the ostensible premise of kosovo 's independence was the security of all minorities continuously antagonizing the serbs does n't exactly promote peaceful ethnic relations , does it ? 
  though of course security for minorities was never was the goal , greater albania was . 
  as far as the kla were concerned all serbs should 've been chased out or murdered , until they had to play nice with nato and had to pretend to want a kosovo with equal rights for minorities . 
  swarming your neighbors with terrorists and repeatedly threatening their territorial integrity does n't make you a very good neighbor nor does it provide a stable platform for peace or good inter-ethnic relations . 
   let us be clear on this point : according to the last legitimate census of kosova in 1981 , a single kosovar municipality had a serb majority -- leposavi\u0107 . 
  the current serb majority over a larger area of northern kosova is simply the result of ethnic cleansing . 
  as is the overall lower share of serbs in the country as compared to 1981 because more than half of kosovo serbs had to flee kosovo and have n't been able to return , which is something i think somehow you 're not too keen to reverse . 
  they were intercommunal ethnic tensions , both sides were hurt . 
  besides , overall distribution of serbs in the north seems to have been nearly the same in [ 1981 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/55/kosovo1981ethnic.gif ) as it was in [ 2011 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ea/kosovo_ethnic_map_2011_census.gif ) . 
   provided serbia similarly allows the albanian-majority municipalities in southern serbia proper , presheva and bujanoc , to secede and join kosova . 
  kosovo illegally seceded from serbia in the first place . 
  it is kosovo that has to make concessions to serbia , not serbia that has to be humiliated any more and have its territorial integrity violated any further . 
  he 's quoting someone else . 
  there 's plenty to be criticized about that passage and nietzsche himself but him quoting nietzsche does n't in and of itself mean supporting everything he claims . 
  i do admit i tend to presume such things a bit early when dealing with these kinds of topics . 
  sorry if i presumed a bit too much . 
   can you name an example ?
