  accepting turkey even though it occupied 36 % of another eu country ( and still does so today ) ? 
  membership of a loose confederation of very different countries does n't magically instill the population with new , alien values . 
  certainly in a country as rabidly nationalist as turkey seems to be . 
  has hungary become a liberal paradise during its eu membership ? 
  oh , it 's actually become more authoritarian has it ? 
  how odd . 
  it would 've been more likely that turkey would 've continued on the path it was heading while occasionally paying lipservice to eu-ideals and/or occasionally pointing to the eu bogeyman pushing its alien values on islamic turkey whenever the electorate got uppity . 
  the us can vote for who they want , sanders would be a welcome change though i do n't see it happening . 
  honestly , the most annoying thing about this is a bunch of snobs from europe taking every fucking opportunity they can on imgur , reddit , and the like to comment something along the line off : `` dae realize sanders would n't be radical in europe cuz we 're definitely the best and a thousand years ahead of those backward ` murican bible-thumpers lol . 
  in social-democracy , free healthcare , atheism , and science we trust right guise '' +1734, 
  ukraine had a pro-western government after the rose revolution ( it aspired to join both nato and the eu ) that was just as mired in corruption and poor governance as the ` pro-russian ' one had been . 
  basically , ( many ) ukrainians see it as a carryover from the times of the russian empire and the soviet union ( where the use of the article originated ) where ukraine was oftentimes seen/treated as more of a ( russian border - ) region than an actual nation by itself . 
  since ukraine as a term is ( probably ) partly derived from the word for ` borderland ' using the article might seem to an implicit denial of their nationhood . 
  those are still all quite big ifs . 
  neither siberia or the ural region has any real national identity , they 're mostly ethnic russians whose grievances largely consist of budget and autonomy issues . 
  moscow , even in collapse , would have enough sense to address such grievances before separatism becomes a serious issue ( as indeed yeltsin did in 1994 ) even if all national republics tried to secede most of them would still be surrounded by russia even if clustered together . 
  tatarstan and the surrounding republics for instance would together still be surrounded by russia . 
  tatarstan threatening nuke-strikes to get russia to recognize its independence would make it an international pariah , try again . 
  russia could just economically strangle tatarstan anyhow , nukes or no nukes . 
   it clearly states that there is a reason to to think that russia might disintegrate in the future . 
  it 's probably far-fetched , but as the articles says , the population of tatarstan did declare independence before with 62 percent voting in favour . 
  [ 1 ] it was also a time when the nation was bankrupt and with recent trends it is not far-fetched to think that russia might also become bankrupt . 
  tatarstan can declare whatever it wants but if moscow is n't inclined to give it independence there 's little they can do about it . 
  even if moscow could n't prevent its independence ( out of political instability , collapse or whatever ) , tatarstan is n't a viable state if it 's got 40 % ethnic russians and is surrounded on all sides by rump-state russia . 
  admittedly i did a quick search and used the first result ( which was 10 % and dated to 2001 , oops ) . 
  the fact of the matter is that they 're the third largest ethnicity in crimea . 
  there are only so many crimean tatars in the world and not all of them are going to return to crimea . 
  thinking they 'll ever make up enough of the crimean population to found their own state ( barring ethnic cleansing of both ukrainians and russians ) is a delusion . 
   tatarstan , home to 2m muslim ethnic tatars and 1.5 m ethnic russians , could declare itself the separate khanate it was in the 15th century . 
  it has a strong identity , a diverse economy , which includes its own oil firm , and a well-educated ruling class . 
  an independent republic with a population that 's 40 % ethnic russian surrounded on all sides by rump-state presumably revanchist russia ? 
   it would form a special relationship with crimea , which crimean tartars ( at last able to claim their historic land ) would declare an independent state . 
  exactly how thick is this author ? 
  crimean tatars are 10 % of crimea 's population . 
  also , crimean tatars have very little in common with volga tatars apart from the name , which was a russian exonym to begin with . 
  honestly this whole thing just seems like some inane piece of badly written masturbatory speculative fiction . 
  germany and finland randomly change around 70 years of foreign policy to gain some economically backward land filled to the brink with russians . 
  not to mention that the land the map in the article cedes to finland is like 4x what finland ceded to russia in 1941/44 and only the most insane of finnish ultranationalists ( all three of them ) would want all of karelia ( once again , filled to the brink with russians ) . 
  the author completely ignores demography and geopolitical reality to sketch some idiotic fantasy about russia getting what he seems to think it deserves . 
  the ussr was a federal union ( officially that is , in practice it functioned as a unitary state ) , not a confederacy ( as the eu arguably is ) ; it had actual control over its members domestic policy , and membership was n't voluntary . 
  part of the reason the ussr fell apart was that russia was n't able or willing to subsidize central-asia ( and its notorious corruption ) anymore . 
  [ my favorite ] ( https://twitter.com/presidentaz/status/554896802806120448 ) , glorious leader aliyev showing azerbaijan 's might . 
  honestly , his twitter is just a goldmine . 
  like [ this one ] ( https://twitter.com/presidentaz/status/624202908284751873 ) ; the president of a country that : * tried to chase out or kill every member of its biggest minority not thirty years ago ( because they dared to use their democratic rights ) . 
  * that still routinely uses xenophobic language about armenians in official correspondence . 
  * reveres an [ axe murderer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ramil_safarov ) . 
  * [ destroys priceless historical artifacts because their origin is armenian . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armenian_cemetery_in_julfa ) tries to convince us that his country is a multicultural paradise . 
  really though , if azerbaijan had just tried to use a smidgen of reconciliatory policies or language it could 've had at least the surrounding districts back under its control ages ago and possibly have a shot at reincorporating nk if they 'd grant it wide-ranging autonomy and some protection from colonial policies . 
  but apparently they prefer deep-seated corruption , nepotism , authoritarianism , absolute pseudo-monarchy , idiotic military expenses , rabid armenophobia and a hollow nationalism based around hatred alone . 
   the inclusion of ukraine to the eeu ( thus , under russian influence ) or the crimean naval base ? 
  euromaidan was primarily caused by ukraine inching towards inclusion in the eeu to begin with . 
  whatever cordial relations russia could 've had with ukraine post-euromaidan , eeu membership was probably off the table . 
  euromaidan was a big loss for the russians no doubt but the crimean annexation has salvaged a big chunk of the losses . 
  lets not forget that russia still has much of the same tools that it used to keep ukraine in its orbit pre-euromaidan . 
  even semi-russophiles like yanukovych did n't like signing up for russian vassalage but only did it to avoid things like austerity or anti-corruption campaigns at home . 
  that was in sevastopol which is now firmly in russian hands anyway . 
   they lost ukraine forever and gained nothing which they did n't already have before . 
  russian control over ukraine was always precarious because it rested on roughly half the country while the other half seemed to vehemently hate russia thus the orange revolution and euromaidan . 
  i 'd imagine putin 's much happier with permanent control over crimea than the precarious hold over ukraine 's president . 
   they already had crimea . 
  they were already there . 
  de facto , annexation of crimea means nothing apart from having to economically support it . 
  you seem to forget that non-russophiles in ukraine ( that stood the most to gain from euromaidan ) absolutely loathed russia 's lease of the sevastopol navy base and constantly agitated against it . 
  post-euromaidan ukraine was going to try to renege on the sevastopol lease eventually . 
   the 2 regions in the east are now damaged goods and , as stated in the article , nobody wants them . 
  ukraine still wants them , russia seemingly never did from the way it 's been acting . 
  just joking , pal . 
  though i do think limburg especially is much closer to what people think of as typically flemish than what is typically dutch . 
  my ancestry 's pretty much 100 % \u00dcber-protestant hollandic farmers and i pronounce my hard g 's properly so yeah i think so . 
  by ceding limburg , brabant and zeeuws-vlaanderen to belgium . 
   i myself do consider belgium pretty artificial , as in a country that would not have formed on it 's own . 
  we were strictly speaking a southern part of the netherlands slapped together with a northern part of france , made by the british as a buffer state for germany/france/uk / netherlands . 
  sorry but that 's not really accurate . 
  belgium was pretty much the remnant of the spanish/austrian netherlands after the seven provinces in the north seceded ( and conquered parts of other provinces ) and france annexed a good chunk of the south . 
  they actually had a brief rebellion and formed the united states of belgium as far back as 1790 . 
  what had been the austrian netherlands before the french revolutionary wars ( it was annexed wholesale by the french in 1794 ) was annexed to the kingdom of the netherlands ( that was formed in 1814 ) at the congress of vienna ( in order to strengthen the netherlands and create a cordon sanitaire of powerful states around the french ) . 
  sharp divisions in religion and a sense of being treated like conquered territory led the belgians into rebellion in 1830 . 
  the great powers decided to recognize its secession which william i of the netherlands did n't accept which started the ten days ' campaign , an attempt by the netherlands to crush belgian independence . 
  it went fairly well in the military sense but led to a french intervention . 
  though the dutch military success and strengthened bargaining position did mean we got to hold on to limburg ( ... yay ? ), 
  and its coal mines . 
  belgian statehood was n't really a british invention . 
  oh and a note on the walloons : though french-speaking , wallonia has n't ever really been part of france on any long-term basis , while flanders was actually part of medieval france . 
  i 'm sure apartheid-era south-africa also felt peaceful to the afrikaners . 
  i 'd say the uk would be much more accodomodating to the notion of receiving half a million ( rough equivalent proportion ) of short term ( hypothetical ) french , dutch or belgian refugees . 
  russia is n't some humanitarian angel for taking in mostly ethnic russian refugees created by a conflict russia itself created . 
  not one western country intervened in syria in the earlier years but the civil war continued on just as well . 
  i disagree with the ( minor ) help given to the syrian rebels but lets not act as if the conflict itself is in any way the uk 's fault . 
  as for libya , you 're honestly kidding yourself if you think everything would 've been fine if `` we '' had let gadaffi take benghazi . 
  the minor involvement of western nations in libya and syria is in no way comparable to russia instigating the conflict in ukraine . 
  ukraine would 've had negligible ethnic tensions if it was n't for russian propaganda and active involvement . 
  the reason for the clashes was that lithuania unilaterally declared independence which the soviet union refused to recognize for quite some time . 
  the motive for this specific massacre is unknown though it 's speculated that gorbachev 's political rivals ordered it to embarrass and discredit him ( the massacre occurred as george bush sr. was visiting moscow ) . 
   am i a dutch citizen ? 
  i was born in the netherlands to a dutch parent in 1998 . 
  according to [ this ] ( https://ind.nl/en/individuals/residence-wizard/dutch-citizenship/citizenship-by-law/pages/default.aspx ) , yes . 
   if i am a dutch citizen , how would i make it `` official '' ? 
  [ this page ] ( https://ind.nl/en/individuals/residence-wizard/dutch-citizenship/option ) should have everything you need . 
  well at least they wo n't have to see your `` restoration '' of ani anymore .
