  eh , i 'm no fan of islam either but islam has had ( sometimes interrupted ) political ascendancy in most of the middle-east for over a millennium now but the steep decline of the middle-eastern christian population is a relatively recent phenomenon ( though there have been earlier waves of persecution and genocide ) . 
  that 's an oversimplification . 
  the borders of countries are not and were not pre-defined natural things , most intra-union borders were made by soviet committees who did n't reckon on any of these countries ever gaining actual independence . 
  this leads to such situations as the azerbaijan-armenia clusterfuck , a myriad of exclaves and a ukraine so internally divided . 
  the soviet union inherited most of its land from the russian empire which did n't organize its administration among national lines . 
  the vast majority of modern-day ukraine 's cities for example ( including kiev ) had a russian majority in the late-imperial period , modern-day southern ukraine was for much more multicultural than it is today , much of the population of baku and tiflis/tblisi was armenian , the north of present-day kazakhstan had already seen extensive russian settlement etc. 
  you do know that operation storm was rife with war crimes and resulted in a serious exodus of serbian refugees ? 
  turkish cypriots were less than a fith of the population , spread throughout the island . 
   but they were n't asked for their opinion , obviously , since they were n't greek oh please . 
   a sizeable legitimate population of cyprus was willfully ignored in order to push for enosis . 
  how is that self-determination ? 
  a minority of the population . 
   after which hundrerds of thousands of turkish cypriots left in the aftermath more like tens of thousands at most , and they were never more than a fourth of the population . 
  in absolute numbers they still continued to grow . 
   and suddenly the island 's self-determination means enosis ? 
  yes , strangely enough the concept of self-determination is based on the population as is , not the population as it was at an arbitrary point in the past . 
   how biased can you get , really ? 
  how biased can i get that i think the opinion of an absolute majority matters ? 
  the issue being that you opposed their self-determination to begin with , the overwhelming majority of greek cypriots wanted * enosis * and thus felt no need to `` stop '' greece . 
  it was the uk to begin with who colluded with turkey to grant cyprus an independence it did n't want ( thus denying it self-determination and * enosis * ) and that monstrosity of a constitution that gave turkey the right to invade in the first place . 
  you mean losing horribly and then needing the french to come and save you ? 
   several times as in twice ? 
  both on the same subject ? 
  literally all i said was that in comparing these specific cases turkey 's invasion of cyprus was ( arguably ) worse . 
   what can i say ? 
  a turk needs a good ol' pillage loot and rape sometimes . 
  once again with the victim mentality . 
   and no , my response is not `` you misscalculated 3 years '' , my response is a decade for population is like nothing ; hence why i said `` yeah , a decade away '' without / s tag . 
  point being , intercommunal violence does n't count as a cassus belli if it had ended years ago . 
   its not like greece and cyprus signed the agreement , it was between turkey and uk , right ? 
  greece and greek cypriots both wanted enosis , a simple referendum ( in line with the right of self-determination ) was denied to them because of turkish paranoia about a greek encirclement . 
  let 's put it this way , if the uk and turkey were n't involved cyprus would 've simply held a referendum and voted on its accession to greece . 
   literally in the first link i give . 
  a difference of scale , turkish cypriots suffered from intercommunal violence ( as did greek cypriots ) but were n't in any danger of being ethnically cleansed from a significant portion of cyprus as happened to both turkish and greek cypriots thanks to the laughably titled cyprus peace operation . 
   and this response : what about it ? 
  so your best argument was that i remembered wrong and was off by 3 years . 
  `` nationalistic butthurt ? '', 
  from what ? 
  how ? 
  nice dank meme though xddddddddddddddddd, 
  has n't been five hours and we 're trotting out the old victim mentality , amazing . 
   yeah , minus the fact greek/turkish cypriots killing each other [ 1 ] for 20 + years intercommunal violence pretty much ended a decade before the turkish invasion , try again . 
   greek coup regime trying enosis [ 2 ] of a independent country ( which is against treaty of guarantee [ 3 ] ) wow , so you mean that if a turkey endlessly bullies cyprus into an independence it does n't want and together with the uk concocts a constitution unworthy of any independent country and denies its people any kind of real self-determination , there * might * just be some ( predictable ) repercussions ? 
  colour me surprised . 
   and greek side refusing an un plan [ 4 ] to stop invasion . 
  you mean a plan to to reunify . 
  a plan that would legitimize an illegal partition resulting from ethnic cleansing . 
  a plan that would leave the turks open to having their military on the island indefinitely . 
  a plan that gave basically everything to turkish cypriots and nothing to greek cypriots . 
  got ta wonder why they rejected it . 
   yep , pretty much similar . / s yeah , you 're right . 
  at least the russians did n't perform massive ethnic cleansing , mass rapes , mass imprisonments , mass theft etc. 
  at least the russian annexation had the flimsiest of democratic trappings . 
  should n't that be `` baby-eating merkel '' unless you 're implying something else entirely ? 
  the difference being is that you / r/atheism circlejerkers swarm over every bit of this site and you rightfully get shit on for it because it 's by far the shittiest aspect of reddit . 
   people voice their disgust of racism religion existing and having some form of protection , however much you might loathe it is n't equivalent to racism . 
   if a random dick replied to those comments voicing disgust at racism with `` those < victimised race  sure are < ridiculouse stereotype about victimised race  '' , i 'd react the same way i react to you . 
  see if you can figure out why . 
  oh please . 
   by the way , if you 're going to rail against all generic comments on reddit , you 're going to be really busy . 
  never claimed to be in any way perfectly rational about it ( we ca n't all be rational , incredibly enlightened superatheists , now can we ? 
  ) , the / r/atheism circlejerking is just a personal pet peeve . 
   particularly if you 're just going to use trite memes parroting internet celebrity atheists like our friend does is also a meme ( by the definition of your no-doubt idol , richard dawkins ) . 
   because then you 'll have to whine about your own posts , triggering an infinite recursion . 
   tl ; dr : your rationalisation is full of shit , your motivations entirely tranparent and what was said has little in common with what you think was said . 
  you 're honestly hilarious . 
  yeah , the real adult thing would be to search far and wide for every thread involving religion in some negative way and make some generic comment ( that adds nothing to the discussion ) about how much more rational and intelligent i am than those silly christians and their stupid magical cloudman god , huh ? 
  for the record , i 'm not religious . 
  the euphoria stuff might be overused but it adds just as much to the discussion as the figurative mic drop our most-rational-and-intelligent pall did right there . 
  reddit : the bringer of euphoria . 
  yup , honestly it 's stuff like this that * almost * makes me want the greeks to leave and see for themselves how they 'll do on their own . 
  i 'm guessing you mean barely finished as in `` recently built '' and you 're correct . 
  but some of the proposals floating around , like turning it into a museum , or removing some of the overt orthodox trappings and turning it over to the catholic church would 've resolved a lot too . 
  it 's all a moot point anyway since it would n't have survived regardless but i have a fancy for this sort of thing so i felt the need to mention it . 
  [ russified ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/39/warsaw-pilsudski-square-1900s.jpg ) . 
  sadly , they tore down the alexander nevsky cathedral post-independence , though it 's unlikely it would 've survived wwii or communism anyway . 
  german is somewhat intelligible to your average dutch speaker ( moreso than the reverse ) , the fragment he linked was n't that complex besides . 
  annexation is different from occupation , dank internet maymays aside . 
   what does `` long '' means actually ? 
  in this case , it was about 50 years . 
   ( 1897 tatars still had majority in crimea ) no , they were a * plurality * ( which is something different , both in meaning and implications ) in 1897 ( at 35 % , compared to 33 % russians ) , by a small margin at that . 
   russian ocupation could people please , * please * , start using the word occupation correctly ? 
  eh , 10 years ago was slightly better than 30 years ago if only for the fact that homosexual acts ( between consenting adults ) were n't outright illegal . 
  putin 's russia today has n't even become as homophobic as the soviet union was . 
  that 's an arbitrary objection . 
  there 's not a cutoff point in history where a population is the 100 % pure one and only true natives of the region whose opinion is the only one that can be considered . 
  deportations , ethnic cleansing , assimilation etc. 
  happen throughout history . 
  besides , ( this needs to be stated again , apparently ) the crimean tatars had , long before the deportation , ceased being the plurality population , much less the majority population . 
  why does this idiotic myth keep getting repeated ? 
  yes , the crimean tatars were deported wholesale but they had long since stopped being a plurality of the population , much less a majority . 
  ` russian crimea ' is an accurate term for describing the situation as it is now , regardless of legalities . 
  crimea is de facto ruled by russia , primarily populated by russians . 
  rag on him for propaganda-posting ( which is n't clear from linking the video , but is clear from his comments ( it 's also something many of our ukrainian contributors are guilty of ) ) if you want to , but this is a silly complaint . 
  `` mohammed 's teachings are violent . '', 
  whoo , that was easy . 
  give me an argument , a * single one * as to why it 's the same . 
   we all know it is n't all about muhammed . 
  yes , it 's about islam , which is a religion and an ideology with rules , teachings and guidelines ( most importantly , * not * a race ) and is thus subject to criticism . 
  mohammed is depicted as he is because of the ( ostensibly ) violent nature of his teachings .
