  the point was that the feeble way in which you suppose that the ` european bond ' exists is practically meaningless . 
  a vague ( and somewhat misguided i feel but that 's largely besides the point ) notion of cultural kinship does n't amount to anything tangible enough to build a political entity like a federal eu on . 
   today 's student is tomorrow 's worker , upper-class worker . 
  besides , erasmus-participants make up a negligible part of the population . 
   and it is this group , that is showing the most clear support of the union . 
  european culture can not be a myth , as it is a matter of partially subjective classification - if it is commonly accepted lots of myths are commonly accepted as well . 
   that there is a cultural bond between european cultures that is absent toward non-european cultures , then it exists . 
  in a feeble , nearly meaningless way , sure . 
  in much the same way something like turanism exists . 
  nice random throwback to the 16th century you 've got there , ukraine . 
  maybe aliyev should stop handing out promotions and medals to axe murderers , stop spreading anti-armenian propaganda , and try to respect a ceasefire once in a while and maybe then the armenians of nk might feel that his promises are worth anything . 
  ` highest possible autonomy ' ( that could and would be promptly revoked like it was last time ) in a country that has made armenophobia its primary ideology and that has a proven track record of dumping colonists on armenian-populated regions does n't sound all that great . 
  was already held in 1991 ( without moscow or baku approving of it ) . 
  armenians in nagorno-karabakh overwhelmingly voted for independence , azerbaijanis ( about 22 % , most of them being relatively recently arrived colonists ) boycotted it but even if they 'd all voted no a more than two-thirds majority would 've been reached . 
  after armenia ( together with the nk republic ) and azerbaijan both having committed ethnic cleansing of each other 's populations within the territory they controlled there are now ( practically ) no azerbaijanis left in nagorno-karabakh , nor in the surrounding territories that armenia occupied during the war ( nagorno-karabakh itself not actually being connected to armenia-proper ) . 
  by and large nation-states do n't allow secession and the international community mostly does n't accept it either barring nonsensical exceptions like kosovo . 
  it 'd be nice to live in a world where self-determination could be more accepted but we do n't . 
  regardless of the rs poor current leadership and corruption i really do n't see a situation wherein the rs is dissolved and the serbs just acquiesce to having no administrative entity of their own . 
   yes , sure , that 's the reason why it was implemented just when massive counteroffensive was conducted by reborn croat-bosniak partnership ... 
  which caused a massive refugee flow of ethnic serbs which threatened to provoke rump-yugoslavia to intervene directly . 
  all the rhetoric about not wanting to become bih seems ridiculous to me . 
  kosovar ` authorities ' have n't ever had effective rule over northern kosovo which causes immense trouble for both serbia and kosovo ( and there was basically no reason to have serbia pull out of northern kosovo to begin with but hey , thanks nato ) but somehow every single minor concession they 're making to get towards a workable solution gets hysterically decried as if somehow constituting a new dayton . 
  anyone can see that the status-quo is unworkable and dysfunctional and northern kosovo wo n't ever be a functional part of kosovo unless concessions are made . 
  if the kosovar protesters want to lord over the serbs as a subjugated population they should just come out and say it and do away with this ridiculous fake hysteria about dayton and a supposed threat to their precious ` sovereignty ' . 
  we can discuss lenin 's view on gay lifestyles all we want ( he was somewhat of a prude who disliked talking about sexuality afaik and homosexuality was decriminalized because tsarist laws as a whole were abolished , it was n't specifically aimed at decriminalizing homosexuality ) but the fact is that stalin criminalized homosexuality in the 30s and that was n't reversed until after the soviet union collapsed and in some successor states homosexuality remains criminalized . 
   a ) the communist ideology suppressed a lot of traditional cultural views , aka religious or conservative views . 
  in the absence of that suppression , traditional views have a space to return . 
  this does n't go for all former communist states i 'd imagine but the soviet union was actually quite conservative as far as sexual mores went . 
  homosexuality was criminalized throughout the soviet union for instance . 
  ` vallei ' is also occasionally used in dutch . 
   also , you are separating the russian empire from the soviet union . 
  for many in the east , it 's just one long history of russian imperialism . 
  that 's a neat narrative but it 's somewhat besides the point . 
  the russian orthodox church was a tool of russian domination in the russian empire , not in the soviet union where it was suppressed and swarmed with kgb agents . 
   yes the soviets were anti-church , but putin 's russia is not . 
  and putin 's russia ca n't effectively use the orthodox church outside of its borders and hardly promotes it at all to begin with . 
   it 's significant because he is the largest , but he is in no shape or form representative of the entirety of orthodoxy . 
  which nobody has suggested . 
   if you wonder why people are eager to point this out it 's because the russian orthodox church is/has been perceived by many to be an element of russian state imperialism . 
  i 'm aware of the history of the russian orthodox church domineering attitude in the western provinces of the russian empire but i 'm somewhat surprised people still feel that strongly about it considering the russian empire collapsed 99 years ago and the soviet union was hardly friendly towards the russian orthodox church even if they targeted other religions somewhat more severely . 
  the only significant conflict ( that i 'm aware of ) as of late is some controversy over the ownership of church properties in ukraine and competition between the moscow patriarchate and newly ( re - ) established ukrainian orthodox churches . 
  the russian orthodox church is the largest by a fair margin . 
  i 'd say that 's somewhat significant . 
  honestly i come across about 50x more polish ` debunking ' of the ` polish death camps ' than i ever see people actually claiming they were polish death camps . 
  i assume you 're referring to the probable dismantling of prussia ? 
  while i think this is a very interesting question this really is n't the right sub for this . 
   there is no left wing in europe , anymore . 
  not the left as we understand the term in cuba and other revolutionary nations . 
  this is where i stopped reading , he and his melodramatic nonsensical speech can fuck off . 
  if the only left wing he likes are the bands of thugs in charge of his vaunted ` revolutionary nations ' he 's too far gone . 
  he decries the violence in the middle east caused by it misgoverning itself into anarchy ( which is somehow to be blamed on ` the west ' ) yet at the same time preaches the gospel of the gulags , ` reeducation ' campaigns , and the red terror . 
  the 1914 map is wrong . 
  persia has like half the transcaucasus even though at that point they 'd lost it to the russians for about a century already . 
  even if we accept the notion that the us is ultimately to blame ( i have my own misgivings about the effects of the us push into eastern europe ) and has been using its influence much too agressively since the end of the cold war , all that matters little at this point . 
  one might think about changing ` our ' long-term attitudes towards pushing institutions like the eu and nato ever eastward but at this point we 're locked into a confrontation with russia we ca n't simply back down from like nothing happened and we ca n't pretend everything russia did was somehow acceptable . 
  european and american diplomatic pushes into ukraine might 've been unwise and unnecessarily confrontational to russia but the simple fact of the matter is that russia annexed territory from ukraine and instigated a ruinous civil war in eastern ukraine . 
  if we were to take that step it had to have been done in the 90s . 
  at this point russia is much too belligerent to start dismantling nato . 
  i 'd argue that russia has lots of ( potential ) soft power with the amount of russian speakers and russophiles abroad , and its propaganda efforts show it can count on sympathy throughout the european political spectrum . 
  every time i read up on that coup attempt i 'm just astounded at how much the world lucked out on the only serious hardliner pushback being such an amateurish operation that fell over its own feet and delegitimized the hardliners entirely in one fell sweep . 
  oh right , sorry . 
  i missed the context of the conversation here . 
  thought it was just a general way of turkey taking measures against russia not a hypothetical war-scenario . 
  which is largely irrelevant in this context . 
  turkey 's native minorities have been deliberately decimated . 
  turkey currently hosting foreign nationals and refugees means exactly nothing . 
  a bit rich coming from the guy who was bitching earlier about greek ` whataboutism ' . 
  jesus christ , get back here with those goalposts . 
  i know it 's been namedropped in this thread a few times too many already but this is a perfect example of whataboutism . 
  wow . 
  they grew from being negligible minorities decimated by decades of persecution to still negligible minorities , amazing !, 
  i mean the turkish republic ensured that the remaining assyrians ( were 300,000 , now less than 50,000 ) armenians ( were 77,000 now about 35,000 ) and greeks of turkey ( were 200,000 , now less than 5000 ) were basically decimated but what does that matter ? 
  because they made a negligible ` comeback ' in the last decade everything 's suddenly amazing and definitely no ethnic cleansing ever happened . 
   armenian immigrants look for a better life in turkey http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/04/armenian-immigrants-life-turkey-150420070803126.html armenians moving because of armenia 's poor economic situation ( caused in part by turkey blockading armenia ) / = / turkey does n't act awful to the armenians . 
  also , ask those armenian migrants how they 're treated in turkey , i very much doubt they 'll have a lot of positive experiences to recount . 
  plus , much of this is n't what i 'm referring to which is that the greek , armenian and assyrian populations have all suffered hugely under the turkish republic during the last 100 years , not just recently . 
   ask the asyrians what they think about the kurds , here is a sample : http://hotair.com/archives/2016/01/13/kurds-attack-assyrian-christian-village-in-northern-syria/ what the assyrians think of the kurds is n't in the least relevant unless you 're proposing that the kurds are somehow inherently violent or whatever . 
   lastly , dont let me start on whataboutism of the greeks what they did to the jews and turks living in mainland greece the last 200 years . 
  well i 'll try not to get you started on it since it 's vastly more complicated than the way you 're presenting it and it 's not the least bit relevant to what i 'm saying . 
  do you even know what whataboutism means ? 
  occupied is a bit strong for a place that was annexed over 75 years ago but the way hatay province ( which at that point only had a turkish population share of 39 % ) was taken from syria was n't exactly fair and took no consideration of what the syrians might think about it . 
   there was no ethnic cleansing in the entire history of the turkish republic . 
  and i bet the armenian community in kars and izmir , as well as the greeks of thrace , istanbul , izmir , northern-cyprus , g\u00f6k\u00e7eada , and bozcaada are very thankful for nothing of the sort having happened to them . 
  yup , all those happy greeks , armenians and assyrians communities you definitely did nothing to . 
  so basically the same attitude cameron has to the eu just in a different direction . 
  mind you , when cameron does it he gets accused of disrupting the eu , propagating british exceptionalism and whatnot so i 'll look forward to continued uk-eu friction if corbyn ever actually wins . 
  militarism , rampant ultranationalism , cult of personality with ataturk , repeated military coups , repeated conflicts with the kurds , prevailing regressive attitudes outside urban centers etc. 
  well if the flemish are then ... you know ... might as well ... 
  muh gdp , muh world power . 
  you people sided with the belgians though . 
  you 'd be in a better position to judge than me . 
  so i 'll concede the assessments of nemtsov to you . 
   and frankly at least the nationalism that comes from pro-gov nationalism is civic and not ethnic in most cases well that 's difficult to judge . 
  the hysteric episodes of anti-chechen and anti-georgian sentiment do n't look all that pretty to me . 
   bottom line , so many people outside created this martyr of a guy just because he was killed but do n't pay attention to just how much he discredited himself over the course of the last 20 years . 
  the guy died being marginalized as fuck , navalny probably had more clout than him at the time of his death oh i largely agree . 
  western media really made more of him than he was at the time he was assassinated . 
  though from a western point of view navalny would be a somewhat problematic figure to idolize considering ( among other things ) [ his relatively strong nationalism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexei_navalny#political_views ) and the statements he 'd made on georgians for example . 
  well he had the go-getter reputation thing going on . 
  though i guess the fact that he became marginalized so quickly after that period until he was assassinated says something about his political acumen ( though putin of course made it immensely difficult for any real opposition to gain media access ) .
