  erdogan has twice threatened to [ deport all armenians in turkey ] ( http://www.todayszaman.com/diplomacy_erdogan-threatens-to-deport-armenian-citizens-in-turkey_378062.html ) ( 100,000 people according to him ) before and world media pretty much could n't care less . 
  turkey has been occupying 40 % of a sovereign country for over 40 years now and the international community still struggles to give a damn . 
  they were n't within the eu at the time but estonia and latvia made most ( everyone who 'd settled in those states during the soviet period ) of their large russophone population ( the overwhelming majority of whom identify as russian ) stateless shortly after gaining independence from the ussr and set various requirements ( & tests ) for them to gain citizenship ( that one could reasonably expect the majority of the older generations to never pass ) . 
  it was n't technically based on their ethnicity but it was pretty specifically designed to encourage russophones to leave and achieve a drop in their share of the population which is kinda shifty . 
  the groups ( however diminished ) exist , they 're tolerated , they 're offered a degree of autonomy ( though not all of them ) and within groups there is ( for some ) a ( civic ) nationalist attachment of sorts to the russian state . 
  states with a dominant ethnicity like the ( late ) russian empire , the soviet union and the russian federation have an assimilationist aspect to them however much they might try to accommodate minorities . 
  that 's certainly regrettable in its own way but not in and of itself any sign of malice or failure on the part of the russians . 
   `` these situations '' also included the modern-day netherlands as part of this or part of that at various points in history . 
  sure . 
   i 'd ask you how it feels knowing that your ancestors were at the mercy of so and so 's whims who no doubt benefited enormously from people not unlike yourself , how does it feel that your current `` allies '' have written your country off in the past i feel kind of apathetic mostly . 
   how does it feel that you owe your current life and identity to the type of people who hate your thinking and probably hate you . 
  again . 
  i feel kind of apathetic . 
  you realize that the same goes for pretty much everyone , right ? 
  taken to its logical conclusion ; i owe my way of life to billions of people in the past ( in some small way ) and the vast majority of them would probably loathe me whichever way i felt about nationalism ( which would be a foreign concept to the vast majority of them ) , be it for religious ( e.g. 
  religiosity vs atheism ) , moral ( e.g. 
  views on casual sex ) , racial etc. 
  reasons . 
  in that same way you yourself owe your very specific existence to billions of people who 'd probably think your way of life and your philosophies reprehensible . 
  good news is though : literally none of that matters . 
  times change , so do morals , so do people . 
   however , the netherlands are so appallingly irrelevant , both socioculturally as well as geopolitically , that i 'm afraid i do n't care about your answers . 
  aw shucks now you 've gone and hurt muh feelins . 
  that 's what happens to small peoples in larger countries pretty much everywhere though . 
  it does n't have anything to do with russia specifically . 
  the super-structure had collapsed ; into its constituent members . 
  one of those was russia , and chechnya was part of russia . 
  chechnya offered all sorts of things : it could n't deliver on any of them . 
  the central government barely had any authority . 
  chechnya had failed as a state , that 's the point . 
  mashkadov had all sorts of nice aspirations but chechnya was an abject failure in state-building . 
  how could russia tolerate a failed state that functioned as a den of jihadism and a full-on kidnapping industry ? 
   do n't make to post a long text of legal bases of the chechen self-determination . 
  take a look at the rfsr constitution by the way . 
  where in it does it state that its members have a right to secession ? 
   and , ussr was no more anyway , ussr superstructure was collapsed and chechens choose the not join to the new super-structure they were n't a part of the former . 
  they were a part of one member of the former soviet union . 
  they did not legally have the authority to opt out . 
   and reaffirm their independence that used to exist 'till 1920 , on basis of the general elections . 
  an ` independence ' of two years that was in practice meaningless and only recognized by the central powers and some other secessionist states . 
   after ussr had dissolved , chechnya had n't signed the russian federation treaty . 
  chechnya never got included in russia by it 's will , but the independent chechnya was annexed into the russia . 
  which is irrelevant . 
  the ** vast ** majority of the world 's territories and peoples did not democratically enter into the countries they are now a part of . 
   lso , first constitution of the rsfsr , and the 1922 treaty of union of the ussr gives chechnya to withdraw from the federation , secede and self-determine it 's own statehood . 
  same goes for the whole north caucasus after the dissolution of the ussr . 
  no , it really does n't unless it specifically stated so in the ussr 's constitution . 
  which it did n't . 
  ssrs had a right to secede , assrs like chechnya did not . 
   also , i think we all know that the north caucasian regions are still part of russian federation , not because all the natives and populations of these regions love it , which i did n't claim . 
   but because of a history of expulsions , massacres and incidents that can be , and by some do , called as genocides , various crimes , colonisations , occupations and annexations . 
  which is ( again ) irrelevant . 
  we ca n't restore the world to the demographic and political state it was in at your favorite arbitrary point in the past . 
  the peace settlement to the first chechen war practically gave chechnya independence without saying the actual word which was ( somewhat understandably ) seen as humiliating by many russians . 
  leave chechnya practically independent for too long and it might start drifting towards formal independence . 
  there 's also the fact that moscow having ( its own ) boots on the ground makes it easier to stamp out militants . 
  before the second chechen war they had to try and work through and appease the ( grossly ineffectual ) official chechen leadership to try and clear out militants which included handing out federal money that was then immediately stolen . 
  there 's no specifically economic sense to it , more a nationalist ( or sovereignty ) sense . 
  and have legal ( & international ) recognition for it . 
  which chechnya did not ( and still does not ) have . 
   it 's arguable actually ; after the dissolution of the ussr , legally , chechnya had it 's right to determine it 's own statehood . 
  by natural law , sure they have such right as well . 
  no , it is n't . 
  chechnya was legally a part of the russian sfsr which was succeeded by the russian federation , assrs did n't have a legal right to secession as ssrs did . 
  natural law is a philosophy , a very appealing one but not in any way binding and not practically adhered to by very many states . 
   sure , reports played it 's role , specifically on abroad but it 's unreasonable to say it forced the russians to negotiate , and it 's unrealistic to talk about reports played a role in any positive outcome that is in russia if we 're talking about the war period that the very photos of this submission had been taken . 
  russia is a society like any other and in the 90s it actually had a halfway functional civil society as well . 
  it 's not entirely unusual for a war and its abuses to be unpopular with the general public like for example vietnam ( and in large part iraq and afghanistan ) were in the us . 
  how exactly is it meaningless ? 
  chechnya was practically ruled by warlords and had a flourishing kidnapping-industry before the second war , * that * is an extremely important piece of framing , would n't you agree ? 
  how could russia tolerate a den of jihad and crime exports even if chechnya had been an internationally recognized independent state ? 
  also i would n't take exception to this idea of russia being the only reason for its issues if chechnya had seen any upward trend in terms of stability and/or rule of law prior to the second chechen war , it had n't ; in fact it had taken a turn for the worse with maskhadov proclaiming sharia law and the second war being partly triggered by chechen ( jihadist ) incursions into dagestan . 
  never claimed any such thing . 
  please stop arguing against positions i have n't taken . 
  the ( north ) caucasus is legally a part of the russian federation despite its non-russian demographics . 
  in much the same way sz\u00e9kely land is a part of romania despite its majority-hungarian population . 
  using the term occupation for these situations is a bunch of nonsense and you know it . 
  continue your routine tirade about imaginary western russophilia though , it 's honestly hilarious . 
   of course everyone remembers . 
  five russian soldiers get killed on camera . 
  on a piece of land they have no business or history with . 
  on a piece of land that was ( and is ) legally a part of the russian federation and that had an ongoing violent insurgency , you mean ? 
   let 's cry about it forever . 
  10s of 1000s of chechen civilians get killed , in their own homeland . 
  let 's all move on with our lives . 
  they probably deserved it , anyway . 
  this is a bunch of nonsense . 
  civilian deaths and other abuses were reported widely both within russia and abroad to the point that it forced the russians to the negotiating table . 
   i agree though . 
  war is filthy . 
  people are filthy . 
  that 's part of said war . 
  most people would argue that mutilations are n't . 
   nothing to be too shocked or outraged about , unless you 're a pacifist through and through . 
  civilian deaths on the other hand are a legitimate source of outrage . 
  which is why they received widespread attention and caused outrage all over the world . 
  there 's was a magnitude of difference between russia 's disorder ( rampant crime , oligarchy , economic downturn ) and the flourishing kidnapping-industry and warlordism of interwar chechnya . 
  also , do n't ascribe positions to me that i have n't taken . 
  the chechens are probably perfectly capable of self-government but the fact that interwar-chechnya was an abject failure at state-building ca n't be reasonably disputed . 
  whatever you might think of russia , present-day chechnya is certainly * much * more stable and orderly than it was when it ` enjoyed ' its brief interwar semi-independence by exporting jihad , terrorism and banditry .
