  ... yes ? 
  in support of azerbaijan , which is why i mentioned it in that context ... 
  there 's the blockade on armenia . 
  as for further tangible action it 's quite likely nothing of any consequence will happen , i agree . 
  though vocal support and rhetoric is probably emboldening enough . 
  that 's the mental process quite probably . 
  been called armenian , greek , russian , and now turkish on reddit , all semi-pejoratively . 
  meanwhile in reality here 's boring old me having nothing but uptight ultra-protestant dutch farmers for my ancestry . 
  turkey only became turkic when turkic nomads migrated to anatolia in the late 11th century . 
  before that point anatolia was solidly greek-speaking ( with perhaps a smattering of anatolian languages surviving ) . 
  the roman empire is also not traditionally seen as a colonial power in that sense . 
   man why are you lying so much , where has anobody made anything about religion here apart from ** you turks ** whining about being discrimated because of religion . 
   what do you mean by this , you are just making claims with no sources . 
  asala was active in mid 20th century and it was a one organization , mostly descendants of the armenian genocide , not the state of armenia . 
  but armenia did set about [ freeing and honoring a known member ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/varoujan_garabedian ) , responsible for an airport bombing that caused the death of 8 civilians and that wounded 55 . 
   the population of displaced and killed people during the karabakh war is proportional , and if you take into account the size of armenia and azerbaijan , armenains have lost a lot more . 
  unless armenian lives are scientifically proven to worth double that of azerbaijanis proportional casualties matter very little . 
   safarov case is not isolated case and the big picture is made of small pieces . 
  and if you put them all together azerbaijan has still suffered by far the largest amount of casualties and refugees . 
   all you are doing is saying both do the same thing . 
  yeah okay , and when i say in what sense you respond by saying armenians have stronger lobby . 
  what does the lobby have to do with the fucking facts dude ? 
  i named the lobby because you named similar efforts by turkey and azerbaijan , that 's all . 
   it is like your only argument against facts is that armenians have strong lobby ? 
  azerbaijan has inane anti-armenian policies and is absolutely hostile to armenians , i do n't dispute that . 
  i do dispute making the narrative all about incidents like safarov and the destruction of the khachkars when they 're a drop in the ocean compared to the human suffering caused by the war , in which azerbaijan suffered hundreds of thousands of refugees more . 
  not to mention that even if they were n't largely irreligious and only nominally muslim azerbaijanis are overwhelmingly shia , i.e. 
  a group of people whom isis would gleefully murder . 
  while i do n't necessarily disagree that the veracity of this article can be put in doubt you should know that artsakh is just the traditional name of the region in armenian . 
  it 's the equivalent of the germans calling wroc\u0142aw * breslau * and gdansk * danzig * , i.e. 
  has nothing to do with claims * per se * . 
   reddit probably has more turkish users like yourself wat  than the population of armenians in the world . 
  turkish diaspora is few times larger than the armenian . 
  size is n't everything . 
  the armenian-american lobby has been tremendously influential in the past and the turkish american lobby only really started to compete in the late noughties . 
   cut the bullshit . 
  i thought we were talking about the armenia-azerbaijan issues not armenia-turkey ? 
  you supposed azerbaijan celebrating murder was something armenia could and would never do , that 's plainly false . 
  and that was n't the point to begin with . 
  once again ; focusing on isolated incidents like safarov distracts from the fact that the most victims of the conflict by far are azerbaijani . 
   no man , what you are doing right now here is equal to crime in my eyes . 
  until you keep on equalizing the actions of azerbaijan with armenia and not calling out on specific actions azerbaijan hell even armenia is doing , this shit will keep on going . 
  those kind of general statements like the shit you write ( both sides do the same or something of that sort ) opens up both side 's hands to kill others . 
  i 'd argue that constructing an unequivocal narrative of victimhood of themselves by both sides is what keeps both of them ready to kill . 
  being willing to see things from your enemy 's perspective is a massive help in coming to a real understanding . 
   fucking azerbaijan shells armenian villages the us and eu write a useless statement of calling both sides to stop escalations instead of telling specifically to whoever started the escalation to stop it . 
  well welcome to conflict resolution , it involves a lot of diplomacy , lots of shaking hands , occasional shootouts and all the while every side will claim that they 're the one getting screwed over . 
  regardless , in a conflict like this it 's never quite clear who provoked who to begin with . 
   tell me about propaganda . 
  aliev has all your sold out politicians in its pocket . 
  he knows how to treat with eurovisions and shit to keep their mouths shut . 
  and azerbaijan pours millions into lobbying in us . 
  and an armenian diaspora lobby is equally active and has a similar level of influence . 
   and no , we do n't fucking kill sleeping azerbaijanis and becoming national heros . 
  you just [ gun down diplomats and bomb airports ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_attacks_by_asala ) to become national heroes . 
  look , i 'm basically sympathetic but try to see things from another perspective and stop with the reductionism . 
  the safarov incident was barbaric but not symbolic of the overall conflict . 
  if you reduce it to incidents like ramil safarov you 're missing the larger picture . 
  over half a million azerbaijanis are still displaced by armenian hands . 
  the focus on emotive issues like safarov takes away from the real balance of casualties which is still very much in azerbaijan 's ( dis ) favour . 
  i 'd say that generally items about the conflict should be welcome on this subreddit considering the south caucasus included on the map in the upper right hand corner . 
  this might even well have happened , neither side is particularly averse to atrocities . 
  it 's just that it 's report in the context of a conflict from one particular side ( between two basically illiberal regimes ) about a supposed atrocity . 
  i do n't know much about this particular site ( and i 'm genuinely sympathetic to the armenian side ) but if we 're going to complain about azerbaijani ( and russian ) propaganda we should be critical of reports like these as well . 
  yup and it 's sad . 
  the most egregious nonsense is the constant inserting of religion even though that 's a basically irrelevant factor . 
  the azerbaijanis are by implication reduced to islamic fanatics when in fact religion was largely irrelevant to the war and the aliyev regime is aggressively secular . 
  the inane anti-armenian propaganda spread by azerbaijan and incidents like ramil safarov are largely irrelevant in the larger picture since the amount of armenians under azeri control is negligible at this point . 
  something with more gravity is the mass deportations , pogroms , and massacres both sides engaged in during the war and in that armenia and azerbaijan are basically identital , with armenia having even displaced hundreds of thousands more azerbaijanis than baku did armenians ( by sole virtue of winning the conflict instead of losing though , if armenia had lost the balance would doubtless be reversed ) . 
  i think with the aliyev regime being as cartoonishly hateful , repressive , and kleptocratic as it is we sometimes forget that azerbaijan has suffered hugely and has legitimate grievances . 
  even if part of that can be put on azerbaijani policy itself we ca n't just ignore armenia 's equivalent crimes just because it ( and its diaspora ) does better pr and knows to shy away from pointless hateful idiocy like azerbaijan 's ban on armenians entering the country . 
  a traditionally * shia * proto-isis that is actively secular ... uh-huh the nagorno-karabakh war is actively sectarian and both sides do like murdering civilians of the other and destroying their heritage ( gravestones , places of worship , monuments etc. ), 
  but it has little to do with religion . 
  azerbaijan is n't that much worse than armenia in these aspects either . 
  let 's not invoke the isis comparison without justification . 
  i 'd urge everyone reading this to not immediately blindly accept it . 
  we 're in the middle of a flare-up of this conflict and any and all massacres tend to be played up and exaggerated and sometimes outright fabricated . 
  i would n't start believing this stuff outright until its verified by a media outlet without a stake in this . 
  well yeah but turkey has ambitions of regional leadership and all that good stuff . 
  unconditionally siding with your client states makes them feel more powerful than they are and makes them do rash things . 
  part of being a leading country is dealing with issues rationally and not unequivocally supporting a loony kleptocrat over muh ancient brother people . 
  i also assume turkey wants nagorno-karabakh to return to azerbaijani sovereignty through diplomacy within a reasonable timeframe which the aliyev-regime is making basically impossible by being almost cartoonishly unapologetic about how anti-armenian and otherwise scummy ( kleptocracy , nepotism , restricted press , economy mismanagement etc. ), 
  it is . 
  turkey has for the last 25 years unconditionally stood with azerbaijan as that country sabotaged itself over and over again . 
  for its own sake and that of azerbaijan turkey should start setting some conditions for its support and try to get baku to act rationally . 
  i do n't think that 's a healthy attitude . 
  supporting the aliyev regime unconditionally does nothing to actually bring about a comprehensive peace for the region . 
  that 's not a solution . 
  it gives both sides swathes of territory chuck full ( or formerly in the case of the territory awarded to armenia outside the former oblast ) of the other 's population when both sides have an atrocious record when it comes to that . 
  azerbaijan is also not going to settle for less territory than what it already has internationally recognized and armenia wo n't be too keen on being cut off from iran and only having one border with a non-turkic state . 
  yeah , no simple solutions . 
  at one point one side is going to have to take a leap of faith and trust in the other to act prudently . 
  though at the moment rational policy by either side towards the other looks further away than ever . 
  if azerbaijan had been somewhat more prudent and put a damper on the insane impractical anti-armenian shit it could 've probably been reached ages ago . 
  armenia is isolated and blockaded on two sides without wanting to be . 
  nk can never become completely independent without a total defeat of azerbaijan which is n't going to happen . 
  give armenia reasonable options and it 'll probably take them . 
  as of now armenia would have to trust in the word of aliyev who is accountable to no one and has a proven track record of inane anti-armenian shit . 
  if azerbaijan had n't managed to completely convince armenians that if anything it 's even more rabidly anti-armenian than before maybe the armenians would 've ready to negotiate for a long-term return of conditional sovereignty beginning with the handback of occupied territories outside nk-proper as azerbaijan stopped with the constant rhetoric and military ` incidents ' . 
  a democratic government could be a solution in the long term of course .
