  you do know this is about the redistribution right ? 
  slovakia would n't be able to do this with actual refugees applying for asylum there but because this is a redistribution scheme they feel they can put up these sorts of demands . 
  practically nobody is applying for asylum in slovakia anyway , and my guess is that when they actually do slovakia does n't ( actively ) discriminate on religion . 
  a low birth rate is good for earth . 
  it is n't a good thing for welfare states . 
  yeah ... that website is a complete joke . 
  its seemingly dedicated to being anti-establishment whatever the establishment may be . 
  among other things it has plenty of articles defending russia and as of right now has an article on its front page unironically comparing the us to nazi germany . 
  i 'm happy for their being such heroic rebels and sticking it to the man by calling everyone psychopaths and all that but the journalistic value of this ` article ' is zero . 
  well congrats i guess . 
  hope that the next 24 years turn out somewhat better . 
  the odds of russian revolutions actually turning out relatively decent are like what , 50/50 ? 
  eh , post-1956 ( or 1953 ) was n't a picnic but the era of massacres , mass-arrests , ethnic-cleansing etc. 
  had passed . 
  repression continued of course but the post-stalin era was substantially less brutal . 
   the people were still being massacred after that in 1968 , 1970 or 1981 those were n't massacres . 
  brutal repression sure , not massacres . 
  literally none of this is true outside of the worldview of a diehard socialist with a persecution complex . 
  right , and immediately after i 've done that i 'll be spearheading a crusade to reclaim anatolia for the greeks . 
   i also think k\u00f6nigsberg should belong to germany . 
  it is by no means a russian city , and never was . 
  let 's not open that can of worms . 
  there 's a reason post-wwii territorial integrity is important , not because it 's particularly just or historically right but for the simple sake of stability , peace , and order . 
  you might as well talk of handing back 1/3 of poland to germany or partitioning turkey between armenia and greece . 
  sidenote ; but i really , really hate the k\u00f6nigsberg-circlejerk that 's popped up here since the crimea annexation . 
  the parts of germany that poland annexed post-wwii were ( in large part ) not much more polish than k\u00f6nigsberg / kaliningrad was russian . 
  should we be cheering for german reannexation of ` danzig ' , ` breslau ' and ` stettin ' as well ? 
   and such an inflated currency ; those price on the cash register . 
  that 's ... not how it works . 
  rubles having a low base value does n't make it an inflated currency . 
  rubles ( post-1998 ) have always had a low value vis-a-vis the usd and eur but that does n't mean ( by itself ) that it 's an inflated currency . 
  just because the the price for a particular product is a single euro here and 80 of another currency somewhere else does n't mean that the latter situation is an example of an inflated currency . 
  as long as the value is relatively stable it does n't matter a whole lot whether the the number on your ruble bill says 10 or 100 . 
  though yes , russia is currently dealing with high inflation . 
  it used to belong to the monarchs ( kings in this case , because women were skipped in the succession ) of the netherlands in personal union , it was n't actually a part of either the netherlands proper or the kingdom of the netherlands . 
  the genocide analogy was a brief digression to point out the slippery slope we 're treading on when we excuse people for wishing death upon millions of their fellow human beings . 
  the third paragraph deals directly with your argument . 
  the goalposts have n't moved . 
  i 'm very much careful with it , and i do abhor how the kremlin acts internationally and how it uses that word as a shield . 
  there 's just no other word that fits quite so good here . 
  i 'm sure the turks and nazis felt the same way about the armenians and the jews respectively , they just had a ` natural reaction ' to the evils of those ethnic groups and merely ` condemned ' the crimes of those nefarious evildoers . 
  the nazis themselves were just a misunderstood group of well meaning people who had a ` natural reaction ' to the crimes of those evil russian bolsheviks and felt the need to ` condemn ' the russians for their evil . 
   one could argue that when a vast majority of said ~ 145 million are cheering at bringing death and destruction to others , they sort of tend to lose sympathy points in one 's eyes . 
  in case you have n't got the point : whether a certain group has carefully saved up their precious sympathy points or carelessly lost them , wishing death upon 145 million of them is not , nor will it ever be , okay . 
  what is actually is though , is hate speech . 
  wishing death and destruction on 145 million people is not a natural reaction to geopolitical tensions nor is it a simple condemnation of russia 's crimes . 
  if you 're fine with being a horrible person , good on you . 
  moving the goalposts , are we ? 
  but sure , that tangent was unnecessary . 
  i apologize if that makes you happy . 
  the point was that you were attacking a position i had n't taken . 
  i dislike russia 's policies just as much as / u/lugonn does , i just do n't combine it with a nazi-like russophobia . 
  who are you talking to ? 
  i 'm neither a russian nor a personification of russia . 
  you can dislike a country for its government being a dictatorship , that 's fine . 
  what is n't fine is to wish for an entire country of nearly 150 million to be `` regressed into the world 's biggest nature reserve '' . 
  / r/europe once again showing that russophobia definitely is n't real . 
  definitely . 
   the next step in the evolution of museums occurred as a result of the ingenuity of the black african moors who conquered and civilized parts of europe ... uhm ...  prior to european and american colonialism , the first museums were founded in africa and played an essential role in many african civilisations . 
  yeah ...  the tradition of collecting and displaying intriguing items began in black ancient egypt . 
  ... sureeeee ...  such plunder includes many artifacts from ancient egypt which prove that the ancient egyptians , who established the first museum , were themselves dark-skinned afroancestrals . 
  riiiiiiggghhht ... 
  in case you do n't realize yet , literally none of that was even remotely accurate . 
  the subject is interesting and the history of it abhorrent and all but i could do without the afrocentric pseudohistoric hogwash this article tries to peddle . 
  yeah it 's a real shame when people post [ abrasive ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3hfjx1/germany_expecting_650000_refugees_this_year_report/cu70jed ) , [ insulting ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3hcbld/changes_in_reurope_moderation/cu6bv18 ) or [ unnecessarily confrontational ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3hfjx1/germany_expecting_650000_refugees_this_year_report/cu6xzaq ) comments and ruin what could otherwise be a happily progressive internationalist comment thread of peace and love . 
  do n't let the door hit you on the way out . 
  nice flowchart there , buddy . 
  you shut down that discussion real good . 
  that was n't really the point . 
  it was more of a reference to how our friend up there views the lowly crowd of us who have n't yet ascended to the level of an enlightened post-nationalist citizen of the world \u2122 . 
  yes , those refugees we are directly discriminating against by spending much more on those richer compatriots of theirs who actually have the money to make it to europe . 
  which is also ludicrously inefficient as a refugee solution considering the costs of caring for refugees in europe vis-a-vis lebanon and jordan . 
   you have no more right to living/working in germany/europe than any syrian or african or any one who comes here running away from poverty/misery/persecution . 
  you are not a special snowflake . 
  get over yourself . 
  he was born a german citizen to ( presumably ) german citizens , he did n't enter germany illegally by bypassing a dozen or so other safe countries . 
  him being born german was n't under his control but his being born was ( presumably ) under the control of his german parents . 
   if this makes anyone angry , they should reflect on how entitled they are and may be go fuck themselves . 
  careful with that edge there . 
  also , we 're not talking about esoteric notions of ` what 's right ' . 
  we 're dealing with practical concerns ; whatever your thoughts on the importance of ethnicity , language , race , nationality etc. 
  germany , by accepting this number of migrants , imports massive socio-economic issues , social incohesion , budget issues , demographic issues etc. 
  i 'm sure you 're quite thrilled with yourself over how very progressive you are but there are real issues with immigration besides those gosh-darn backward 19th century nationalists you consider yourself to be so superior to . 
  i always get a tingly feeling inside knowing i 'm the most cynical person in the room . 
  eh , not really a fan of the `` look at us we 're so multilingual , progressive and quirky '' brand of semi-nationalist circlejerking even as a joke . 
  certainly as most of it is incredibly inaccurate even as an exaggeration . 
  hence loosely linked . 
  that event is only loosely linked with the dutch golden age though . 
  russia , perhaps out of all the great powers had the most reason to want to avoid the war since it was still far from being sufficiently industrialized and was awash with socio-economic unrest . 
  russia went to war in 1914 because most people in charge felt that russia could n't afford to be humiliated for the third time in 10 years ( bosnian crisis , russo-japanese war ) and still be seen as a great power of any significance . 
  if serbia ( and what it represented to russia : influence in the balkans , orthodox christianity , slavophilism ) was n't important for russia they would n't have gone to war over it . 
  i think he 's referring mainly to volga tatars , who despite the tatar name do n't have all that much ( linguistically , ethnically ) in common with crimean tatars ( the term tatar originally being a russian exonym ) . 
  crimean tatar ( the language ) is much more similar to turkish for example . 
  volga tatars were n't specifically persecuted at any point , though some consider a famine in 1921-22 to be engineered considering it killed roughly 50 % of them and later russian settling caused the share of tatars in tatarstan to decline to roughly 50 % . 
   the european union missed numerous opportunities to solve a host of problems by accepting turkey 's membership early on . 
  once part of the eu , turkey and erdo\u011fan could scarcely have acted with such impunity as a conduit for isil recruits who return to threaten their european communities . 
  turkey itself would have benefited from further westernization these last two decades while furnishing the eu 's muslim population with a model for a more secular and democratized islam . 
  instead , turkey 's civic freedoms , unanchored to higher eu standards , have sharply deteriorated under erdo\u011fan ; and its brand of islam has moved closer to the gulf 's , an impending disaster for europe . 
  oh please . 
  accepting turkey even though it barely did anything to adhere to the requirements ?
