  ( examples : [ 1 ] ( https://i.imgur.com/znqpkjq.png ) , [ 2 ] ( https://i.imgur.com/q6tnbwg.png ) )  this might be your first time on the rodeo , because america and china have both gotten this in recent history and you do n't seem to be aware that they had exactly the same exacerbated complaints of ethnic-hatred that was actually political hatred . 
  you really get off on being condescending do n't you . 
   you trying to paint this as `` russophobia '' and an inherent hatred of russians instead of their government who are unequivocally in the wrong is both disingenuous and dishonest . 
  welp . 
  you got me , i 'm a putinbot after all . 
  all glory to mother russia and all that . 
  you 've uncovered my nefarious agenda of shilling for putin by arguing against everything he stands for and frequently deriding him * but * ( pay attention now because this is where it gets really ** shady ** ) occasionally trying to pushback against the incessant anti-russian garbage by trying to remind people that russians have rights too ( it 's a brilliant ploy i tell you ) . 
  i 'm honestly done with this . 
  respond if you will and indulge in your condescension-fetish if you really must but i 'm through being insulted by you for arguing against this anti-russian circlejerk . 
   kiev recognized their referendum for increased autonomy , which they had the power to do and which kiev granted . 
  kiev did not recognize the crimean parliaments unilateral demands for secession , which it did not have the power to do . 
  i 'm not arguing the legality of it . 
  i 'm simply saying that kyiv deliberately held on to an area in which a significant percent of the population seemed to want secession and denied them their self-determination . 
  they could have simply let them have the referendum and have accepted the outcome whatever it might 've been . 
  instead they fed this profoundly moronic nationalism where one 's country absolutely has to hold on to every piece of of its territory however little worth it has because muh nation and muh pride . 
   it 's not so much that as deliberately mislabeling history to push your own politics onto others . 
  crimea tried to hold a referendum on independence , kyiv trampled all over it . 
  i support ukraine 's independence and territorial integrity and utterly loathe putin 's russia and everything it stands for . 
  that does * not * mean that i 'm going to act like our newfound ukrainian ` friends ' are by definition any better on every given subjects nor does it mean that i want for the wishes and needs of crimean russians to be totally disregarded . 
  project any ideology or political stance onto me that you wish , that 's your purview . 
   yes , paint everyone who disagrees with you as nazis . 
  that 's always a sign of a strong arguement . 
  not painting anyone as nazis . 
  sorry but i just detect a strong undercurrent of russophobia on this sub where people reject out of hand any signs of russians asserting any sort of rights . 
  history 's constantly being misrepresented in its most anti-russian form , russia itself is routinely derided as being somehow inherently uncivilized , as are russians themselves . 
  any sort of nuance is rejected out of hand because of muh putinbots and all that . 
  i 'm not accusing you of literally thinking russians are less than human i 'm just saying that on any given topic that involves russians the dominant mood here will 9/10 be anti-russian by default . 
   i 'm not sure what you 're trying to do by `` gaming '' history here , but it looks very fucking shady . 
  and i 'm not quite sure what you 're trying to gain by being deliberately obtuse and ignoring everything i 've posted but yet here we are . 
  it states quite clearly that the declaration of independence was contingent upon a referendum which was planned which kyiv trampled upon and overturned . 
  and yes , trying to inject some nuance into the ` fuck russia and fuck russians ' / r/europe circlejerk must certainly seem very shady . 
   and of course during this time we see the same old instigators : there was a fair case to be made for crimea to be given a chance to have a referendum on the matter , period . 
  russians , however much you might begrudge it , are human too and deserve the right to self-determination especially if the same right had been used by kyiv and ukraine as a whole to change their political status . 
  [ completely and utterly wrong . 
  ] ( http://www.refworld.org/docid/469f38ec2.html )  may 5 , 1992 crimea 's parliament declares total independence subject to approval in a referendum to be held in august 1992 . 
   may 13 , 1992 the ukrainian parliament declares the crimean parliament 's independence declaration unconstitutional and gives them until may 20 to rescind it . 
  they also give president kravchuk the power to use all necessary means to halt crimean independence . 
   jun 30 , 1992 kiev passes a law granting crimea greater autonomy as they agreed to , but made its enactment contingent on ( 1 ) crimea 's amendment of its constitution to bring into line with the ukraine 's , and ( 2 ) the complete annulment of the independence referendum . 
  crimea later imposes a moratorium on the referendum . 
   albanians do n't want greater albania . 
  we want ethnic albania . 
  that 's the same thing just with a name that 's easier to justify . 
  it 's the same logic that had greece twice lay claim to northern epirus as well . 
   we just want the country that we declared independence [ 1 ] as the territories you laid claim to at the time you mean . 
  which was in full conflict with the situation on the ground where the vast majority of that territory had already been seized by serbia , montenegro , and greece . 
   if you actually knew the history of the region , you would understand why albania has the right to these territories . 
  i know it fairly well , i 'm just not that sympathetic to terrorism and irredentism . 
   we 've endured oppression of millennia , hyperbole . 
   i think it 's only fair albanians finally be united . 
  yes , it 's only ` fair ' to seize territory off every single one of your neighbours . 
   it 's inevitable oh wow . 
   and the sooner our neighbors realize this , the better our relationships can be . 
  i 'd say your relationships , as well of the fate of albanians outside of albania would be far better if your neighbours did n't have to guard against albanian irredentism like this and were n't swarmed by albanian terrorists every so often . 
  oh i think the annexation is illegitimate as can be , not arguing that . 
  just saying that kyiv has itself to blame in large part and it could have just chosen to let crimea go to no great loss to itself in 1992 instead of hypocritically trampling over people 's self-determination . 
  of course we 're talking about competing nationalisms here and all the nonsense that brings with it so one can hardly expect rationality to persevere when dealing with questions of muh territory . 
  point being , russian crimeans were hardly dealt a fair hand by kyiv to begin with . 
  there 'd be no confrontation at all if kyiv had n't seen fit to drag crimea kicking and screaming into an independent ukraine . 
   their need for self determination arose overnight following the fall of a russian aligned government . 
  it had also surfaced in the early 90s with crimea trying to secede from ukraine in 1992 and despite ukraine being a near-failed state at that point kyiv responded with an immediate crackdown for the sheer benefit of retaining a territory with barely any ukrainians on it that was a net drain economically and had no apparent strong desire to stay with ukraine at the time . 
  this despite ukraine itself having literally the year before that used its self-determination to hold a referendum and secede from the soviet union . 
  apparently kyiv did n't / does n't take kindly to its subjects playing by the rules it itself had used to gain independence . 
   comparing it to the malvinas or any other ongoing independence movement is sheer ignorance . 
  i 'm not comparing the movements of themselves per se , just analyzing what the popular opinion here sometimes seems to be which to me seems to come down to the view that self-determination is awesome unless you happen to be russian in which case you 're a product of muh imperialism and muh russification and you , your community , and your opinion can be disregarded . 
  you 'll also see plenty of it in / r/europe in the form of people claiming that the russians of crimea somehow do n't deserve self-determination because stalin deported the crimean tatars ( who were n't even the plurality population at the time but hey ) or claims of ` muh russification ' for ukraine like / u/nounhud does . 
   * the ethnic composition there is in part due to russification ; a program intended to bind ukraine into the russian empire . 
  that 's massively simplified ... and how exactly does it matter to begin with ? 
  sorry , i do n't usually see it if it really is there . 
  point is , greece is n't entitled to the rest of the eu 's money by default . 
  i 'm in favor of giving greece a haircut on their debt ( seeing as this austerity clearly is n't working ) but all this noise to the tune of ' #thisisacoup ' and such is a bunch of nonsense . 
  in any case , i apologize if i unintentionally participated in a circlejerk . 
  they 're absolutely free to default on their debts and go bankrupt . 
  nobody 's holding them back in that regard . 
   maybe nkr is n't recognized because it either displaced or killed 23 % of its population azerbaijan did exactly the same to any armenians it found under its control and much of that 23 % had been planted quite recently by baku as part of its near-colonial policy towards nk ( not excusing ethnic cleansing , but i think the framing of this issue is important ) . 
  the kla persecuted serbs in a quite similar manner as well , the share of serbs in kosovo 's population having dropped by half since 1991 . 
  i 'd say the only reason for there being any serbs left in kosovo is that its rulers still have to maintain the facade towards their nato/un patrons of kosovo being a ` country ' intended for anyone other than muslim albanians . 
   republika srpska would n't even exist if the un did n't stop the bosnian counter-offensive your point being ? 
  the bosnian counter-offensive would n't have happened either without massive international intervention , bosnia itself might have disintegrated without massive international intervention . 
  there 's certainly plenty outright turcophobia , wo n't disagree with you there . 
  though similarly i would argue that that argument has also been used to deflect criticism for shifty turkish politics and i think it 's unhelpful for turkey 's political climate that many turkish politicians seem to be feeding this ( 's \u00e8vres ' ) persecution syndrome . 
  the preferential treatment kosovo gets from the international community is also baffling . 
  there are dozens of similar situations around the world ( nagorno-karabakh , northern cyprus , transnistria , abkhazia , south-ossetia etc. ), 
  yet apparently kosovo is somehow unique and can in no way set a precedent ... somehow . 
  hell , the nagorno-karabakh conflict has seen undoubtedly worse ethnic cleansing and azerbaijan 's regime a hell of a lot more hostile to armenians than serbia is to albanians but still the international community insists on azerbaijan 's territorial integrity ( in theory at least ) and the nkr has to make do with recognition from similarly unrecognized separatist territories and some us states . 
  a few hundred kilometers from kosovo republika srpska has been shackled to the corpse of bih even though ethnic relations had similarly deteriorated there ... but somehow kosovo is still unique . 
  there 's the additional issue that kosovo as a state is really something that even kosovar albanians barely want , to the nationalists it 's a mere interim solution towards a greater albania and even the more moderates probably do n't want the multicultural kosovo that 's being pushed by the propaganda narrative . 
  multicultural kosovo will probably never work for the simple reason that it 's not something any one side actually wants . 
   serbia 's insistent bullying is n't making things easier for kosovo for what 's essentially a rebellious province ( from their pov ) that 's been repeatedly engulfed in scenes of anti-serb hysteria ( and even outright pogroms ) serbia 's been remarkably accommodating seeing as it 's essentially begun encouraging kosovan serbs to participate in the kosovan political process and even signs bilateral agreements with kosovo . 
  no doubt they would 've been much less accommodating if kosovo was n't backed by nato and they did n't have to play nice towards the eu but that 's neither here nor there . 
  i loathe everything about erdogan but let 's not pretend the pre-erdogan era was somehow without issues . 
  the invasion of cyprus , repeated military coups , consistently violating greek airspace , massive anti-kurdish and anti-armenian sentiment etc. 
  there 's quite a lot to resent in that . 
  blame william i for insisting on keeping limburg and its shitty coalmines and later leopold ii for chickening out on invading the netherlands . 
  well sure but if they absolutely * have to * pretend to be a separate country then they should 've taken the rest of the godforsaken south with them as well . 
   we 're supposed to be scandinavian but the netherlands have higher mountains than us !, 
  they 're hills actually ( though we still call them mountains for some reason ) . 
  besides , most of those are in limburg which is the red headed stepchild of dutch provinces and pretty much belgium as far as i 'm concerned . 
  if we discount limburg ( which has the first eighteen highest points in the country apparently , the nineteenth highest being a measly 109.9 m high ) you 're still ahead . 
  then i apologize . 
  keep feeding that persecution syndrome , seems to be working wonders for you there in turkey .
