  i do n't say it makes sense but i heard lots of arguments like that . 
  if its in the public domain its the publisher just like if you print books written by charles dickens ( no his decendents doesnt get rolyalty ), 
  considering its a bestseller in the middle east i 'm not suprised . 
   i believe the objection to printing and selling it is less based on its magical powers and more on the thought that it would be something of poor taste to see big stacks of ` mein kampf ' stacked in bookstores , next to the latest dan brown . 
  even israel does n't make it illegal to sell mein kampf . 
  i actually read it because well everyone seems to have an opinion about it without actually having read the book ( which is usually a bad sign ) . 
  i was suprised on how little anti-semetism it contains ( do n't get me wrong . 
  there is lots of it there but from other peoples descriptions i thought every sentence would be filled with anti-semetism ) and the fact that he seems to write more about how much he hates the slavs . 
  i thought he actually had some interesting observations . 
  especially on group behaviour and how populist politics should be conducted for maximum effect . 
  clearly his proposed solutions/politics were evil and terrible but not everything in the book is about that . 
  he also writes lots about how groups work , about history etc. 
  there is no denying that he was pretty smart when it comes to convincing people and one can see some similarities with europe today . 
   not getting any benefits in germany my point all along . 
  as long as you give them high benefits they will come . 
  if you stop they will not come . 
  although i think most of them would prefer turkey rather than poland if they could n't get to one of the rich welfare states . 
  i doubt your plan till work . 
  you can not just put them on german trains and ship them to poland . 
  they do n't want to go there . 
  they want the higher benefits in germany . 
   and integrating a few million refugees ( luckily for us most people from syria and iraq are still there ) should n't be too much of an issue for europe in its entirety . 
  but the problems is that they do n't wan na spread out evenly . 
  they do n't wan na go to romania instead of germany . 
   it 's also not really fair to say that comparably generous benefits in germany or sweden are the reason for migration into europe . 
  of course it is . 
  do you really think they are coming for the weather ? 
  if i was a refugee and i got to choose between going to germany and cash in alot of benefits or poland and get none i would of course choose germany . 
  to say that these people do n't try to maximise their own standard of living is silly . 
   and integrating a few million refugees ( luckily for us most people from syria and iraq are still there ) should n't be too much of an issue for europe in its entirety . 
  yea , but they are n't going to go to romania , portugal and poland . 
  they will mostly end up in germany and sweden because that is where they will recieve more welfare ( if you do n't believe these to be the case check how many goes to germany and how many goes to poland )  tens of millions of people have illegally entered the usa even though they hardly receive any benefits there . 
  1 ) many come for labour 2 ) they do recieve benefits that are way higher than in for example mexico . 
   i do n't think so . 
  i do n't have the time to look up the ecj ruling in full text , but as far as i understood the articles about it , people who have worked for some years in another eu country have the same welfare rights as citizens . \u00a8 people from syria and afganistan is n't eu citizens and eu law does n't apply . 
   nope . 
  that ruling was based on parts in our constitution that are n't changeable . 
  it 's legally possible and reasonable to give asylum seekers food , clothing etc. 
  instead of cash , but the sum may not substantially differ from what germans would get . 
  alright , then i guess germany will always continue to be the number 1 destitination of refugees . 
  there are 40 million people in the middle east that has the right to asylum and says they want to come to western europe if they could . 
  do you think germany could take in 40 million refugees and pay them all welfare ? 
   anyone who 's a resident however is entitled to welfare yes , but any country could easily change the laws . 
   on the other hand , there 's still no country in europe that has stopped providing shelter for asylum seekers , so i guess it has to be mandatory . 
  it 's not mandatory . 
  they have the right to live here as long as the conflict is going on . 
  the host country has no obligation to give welfare to non-citizens and they have no obligation to give them citizenship . 
  most countries currently gives welfare to refugees and germany and sweden has the highest benefits ( hence why everyone tries to get to germany or sweden instead of slovakia or some other country ) . 
  i do n't know about germany but sweden could just change its law overnight to exclude them from welfare ( or just give them a very low welfare becuase it might not be a good idea to have a lot of angry young men from afganistan on the streets hungry ) . 
  if they changed the law so that they only get minimum welfare and will be sent back as soon as the conflict is over alot less ppl would try to get to sweden . 
  i 'm pretty sure that germany are n't legally obligated according to their constitutional law to give alot of welfare to non-citizens . 
  they could probably also change their laws . 
  i guess in the sense of letting these people in . 
  hardly because of integration though . 
  pretty sure isis members are n't going to stop committing terrorism just because they get another job program from the goverment . 
   discrimination based on heritage is forbidden , hence the only way to abolish it for refugees is to abolish it for you citizens as well . 
  in what country is forbidden constitutionally to give less welfare to non-citizens ? 
  in sweden eu migrants do n't get any welfare and its not unconstututionally . 
  they have the legal right to apply for asylum : meaning they can live in the country until there is no danger anymore at which point they can be sent back . 
  just change the welfare laws so that non-citizen are n't entitled to welfare and restrict citizenship to only those who actually become productive members of society and send the rest back as soon as the dangers are gone . 
  that would make it alot less attractive to come to nothern europe . 
  there is a reason they do n't wan na stay in hungary , bulgary , etc even though there are no wars there : the benefits are higher in sweden and germany ( heck if i was a refugee i would also prefer sweden or germany because i would get more benefits ) . 
  yeah ... sure ... it 's europes fault these people committed terror attacks in the name of islam ... if only we had more integration programs they would n't do it ... 
  false . 
  there is nothing that says they are legally obliged to open the borders . 
  it only refugees on european soil that have a right to apply for asylum . 
  also no treaties guarantees they should have the right to welfare . 
  cut 100 % of the welfare for reguees and most would rather stay in turkey . 
  the person that came up with this idea should be promoted . 
  yea , the socialist goverment in sweden would probably love it . 
  but it wo n't work . 
  you ca n't just put them on a train and ship them to poland . 
   they 'd be just fingerprinted and shipped to poland i 'm sorry but that sound horrible to suggest that you take unwanted people in germany , mark them and then `` ship '' them to poland ... sounds like something else ... 
  no , they ca n't . 
  they ca n't discriminate against other eu citizens . 
   it 's like they 're actively trying to drown and want to pull as many people with them as possible . 
  i think that is a cristal clear analysis of swedish politics . 
   tax payers and children of tax payers will . 
  true . 
  the politicans will still get their cash . 
   if they come over to us , they will want to leave and go to sweden or germany exactly . 
  they do n't come to sweden because every other eu country is hostile . 
  they come here because we give them more money than anyone else . 
  i remember this case . 
  exactly . 
  that is especially true when it comes to educated people who actually understands that taking in 500 000 ppl on a yearly basis ( from the finance minister yesterday ) will create problems . 
  they know that yet they choose to ignore it to give the impression that they are a good person . 
  because they say what sells best . 
  and being politically correct sells more because no one is offended . 
  but why is he just standing next to the guy ? 
  i know :( i tried many times . 
  often just ended in pain . 
  a player from the opposite team ? 
  hey guys we have a nerd here . 
  lets get him !!, 
  that 's why i wan na learn how that game works . 
  it seems like there is actually more strategy there than in other sports . 
  what ? 
  they are living my childhood dream !, 
  is this like br\u00e4nnboll but with running zig-zag and having a teammate throw the ball for you ( why ?!,
