haha, 
  looks awesome !, 
  i have to come to croatia someday !, 
  me go to syria . 
  but is it true that you only have pasta ? 
   me go to germany . 
  bratwurst every day not good . 
  one month 100 euro . 
  sausage every day no . 
  not good . 
  me go to sweden , me go to sweden cos sweden will good sweden cold . 
  me go to california . 
  beach party me . 
  if you dont eat your vegetables there will be no desert !, 
  totally . 
  polish women are amazing and crazy ( in a good way ), 
  if i were to move from sweden i would choose warsawa over germany or uk anyday !, 
   * sensible taxes * awesome people * growing economy, 
  it 's probably true :( poland seems like a pretty awesome place . 
  i 'm from sweden . 
  we just stayed out of the war making billions selling to both sides . 
  like a boss . 
  yea ... but they got nothing on you guys because you can just say `` no thanks '' . 
  what are they going to withdraw from you ? 
  i doubt norway gets a lot eu structural funds ( funds used to mainly help countries in the former sovjet union ) . 
  leave the calavary at home this time , 
  sweden does recieve money from the eu ... besides since sweden is already taking in more than a quota would be sweden would probably benefit from receiving less of the migrants ... 
  esti big ? 
  can esti take all ? 
  norway is n't in the eu ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . 
  of course . 
  but the people running jobbik are clearly at least facists . 
  no , i doubt anyone thinks every single hungarian is a facist but there are people with facist tendencies there such as the jobbik party . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  it clearly even says on the armays homepage that they are cooperating with nato : http://www.forsvarsmakten.se/sv/ordlista/n/nato/ you have to stop reading conspiracy theories . 
  no one is claiming that the army doesnt cooperate with nato so who are you saying is lying ? 
  no one is claiming what you call a lie . 
  ummmm ... no ? 
  its not a lie . 
  the cooperation with nato is allowed by law and decided by the elected representatives . 
  non-alignment today just means we havent formally joined nato yet . 
  its you personal opinion that sweden shouldnt cooperate with nato but its not a lie because its not very hidden ... ... . 
  yea , and like every other foreign policy it changes . 
  it would be weird if we only had the same policy as 70 years ago . 
  lets hope danmark doesnt fall on the bombs we drop from our jas fighters . 
  no , its a national policy that of course changes when the will of the people changes through elections . 
  remember the stockholm bloodbath ? 
  that 's when danmark committed war crimes against sweden through a massmurder . 
  swedish non-alignment is not an international treaty . 
  were did you get that silly idea ? 
  border controll is upto the member state and not eu . 
  if people walk through borders without registration its a failure of that member state . 
  the greek orthodox church truely have the coolest churches . 
  yes, 
  cool, 
  yeah !, 
  lets ban freedom of speech in the name of democracy !, 
  drop some freedom from the skies !, 
  sweden : wild boar . 
  i have zero confidence in corrupt european politicans . 
  haha . 
  estonia strong . 
  awesome that there is still some countries refusing to bow down to the tax agencies of other countries . 
   do people do this in threads about america ? 
  blindly believe what the kkk and westboro baptist church says ? 
  to be fair expressen is hardly the same thing as kkk, 
   greece should have never joined to begin with . 
  i agree . 
  at least not the euro . 
  the eu is pretty good for everyone though, 
  i agree . 
  okey , 
  good for you guys then  hey if everyone in the uk dont mind funding the nhs maybe you could try to fund it without using govt force  if everyone would be willing to pay for it without the threat of the reveneue agency using force then maybe it could be voluntary  ( we both understand that is silly because 95 % of people would stop paying if the threat of govt force was removed . ), 
  umm ... yea , because it is legal theft . 
  you could argue that you think its justified theft ( i would disagree that all public spending is really so important that it justifies theft but its a valid opinion ) but you ca n't argue with a straight face that the govt is not taking property against peoples will ( sure , some people probably give it away willfully but many would prefer not to pay taxes ) under the threat of the use of force . 
  so god luck in living your fairland were taxes must be paid but its not really force because for some reason but if you do n't pay govt can use force against you but ehh its still not force just though love ? 
  no , but if you did n't know it taxes are n't voluntary . 
  if you do n't pay your taxes the govt will in the end use violence against you . 
  lets say you meet a robber on the street and he tells you `` give me 100 usd or i will shoot you '' . 
  would you consider that theft through violence ? 
  after all , as long as you give the money he asked for there wo n't be any violence . 
  the whole concept of tax is that it 's not voluntary so good luck with arguing that it 's not backed up by a threat of force . 
  you could always try telling your tax agency that you refuse to pay taxes and see what happens ... 
  yes , you think that theft is necessary for society . 
  i disagree . 
  just leave it at that ? 
  i really do n't care if some random person goes around thinking theft is necessary for having a society ( because how else would we pay for the govt . 
  thing that no one wants !? ) . 
   you are not going to convince me about that theft is a good thing so you might as well go and do something more useful with your time ( like pay more taxes ), 
  because i do n't support the idea of using violence to take property from others . 
  so there is no way i 'm gon na help the greek govt . 
  in their struggle to use violence against the greeks to get money for the state . 
  you are free to love taxes if you want . 
   i 'm not trying to convince you to not pay taxes . 
  i 'm a tax lawyer and have a b.a. 
  in economics so i 'm pretty sure i do n't need a lecture from you about how wonderful taxes are , 
  and there is always north korea if you like big govt . 
  i guess we disagree on who deserves the money : the greek woman/man actually out there working and serving customers or the corrupt greek government . 
   if you think its so important to give money to the greek govt instead of the people maybe you should just skip the trip and just send the money directly to the greek govt . 
  right ?
