  that 's the difference between israel and hamas . 
  you are free to boycott anyone for any reason . 
  does n't mean ppl wo n't suspect you are an anti-semite if you boycott israel but not sudan , marocco , etc, 
  wow , i had no idea that czech was supporting terrorism ... good to hear not all people stand behind that at least . 
  true . 
  had i been a refugee i would totally have lied if that meant a better future for me and my family . 
  haha , i got the same feeling . 
  those creepy smiles . 
  hahaha , that was cute and sad . 
  well , i guess the people in hungary that voted for him supports/supported him, 
   well either way , something is afoul if these tax deals are legal . 
  tell that to the countries that allow that . 
  denmark is in charge of danish tax policy etc. 
  if the danish legislators allow for these tax schemes its their fault . 
   perhaps the eu should change the tax system ? 
  eu does n't have an income tax system ... ... . .  with this system , a company ca n't `` route the revenue '' as it 's stated in the article to whatever country has the smallest tax rate . 
  yes , and thats up to each country . 
  if denmark is pretty free to have any tax policy they want . 
  of course . 
  if you want to move your business to another country its allowed . 
  if you retain business in the country that country can still tax you ( in theory they can even tax you for business in another country ) . 
  the country can just change their tax laws so that there is no tax benefit of being in luxembourg . 
  of course it can . 
  if you want to move your business to another country its allowed . 
  if you retain business in the country that country can still tax you ( in theory they can even tax you for business in another country ) . 
  the country can just change their tax laws so that there is no tax benefit of being in luxembourg . 
  i did n't take a picture because my camer on the phone is broken but its not like its unique or something . 
  almost all bookstores and streetsellers have it . 
  here is what wikipedia writes about turkey : `` mein kampf was widely available and growing in popularity in turkey , even to the point where it became a bestseller , selling up to 100,000 copies in just two months in 2005 . 
  analysts and commentators believe the popularity of the book to be related to a rise in nationalism , anti-u.s. and antisemitic sentiment `` because of what is happening in the middle east , the israeli-palestinian problem and the war in iraq '' . 
  [ 50 ] do\u011fu ergil , a political scientist at ankara university , said both left-wingers , the far-right and islamists , had found common ground -- `` not on a common agenda for the future , but on their anxieties , fears and hate '' . '', 
  - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mein_kampf#turkey, 
  ummmm ... you are aware that a country could easily just change their own tax laws to make it impossible to use luxebourg , right ? 
  that may be, 
  the link said reprint . 
  okey, 
  certainly he hated jews for many other reasons but it seems he the reason he got into politics at all was because he disliked marxism which was prevelant in austria and germany . 
  i guess my point was that he hated marxism because he thought it would hurt germany and not because he thought they were jews . 
   that entire country is built upon the basis of fucking over the rest of the eu and the president of the eu was the one who made many of the deals that fucked us over . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  in what way do you feel that danes are being fucked by luxenbourg ? 
  does that mean for private use ? 
  i heard . 
  the goverment operates the entire state . 
  the goverment makes the laws that govern the courts , appoint the judges , pays the salary of the judges , etc, 
  no , you ca n't reprint in germany and sell it . 
  of course they are . 
  the courts serve the state according to the laws . 
   the possession , purchase and sale and the reprinting ? 
  based on what law ? 
  if a another german author dies without any children i doubt that the copyright would be awarded to the state . 
  do n't you think that the intent of that decision was to give the state the copyright to prohibit the reprint ? 
  because if the goverment awards the copyright to itself with the intent to prohibit the reprint it has the exact same effect as a ban . 
  yea , and the state of bavaria is a part of germany and uses the copyright to ban the book in pracitice . 
   but the bavarian state owns the legal rights on it and declines reprinting except that the state of bavaria got the copyright though a special law with the intent of banning the book . 
  yup , even though its not normal that the state inheritance copyrights . 
  it was because of a special law . 
  with the intent of banning the book . 
  wow , thats actually pretty high inflation . 
  yup . 
  international law mostly builds on voluntary consent by the states . 
  in severe cases other countries can pressure them to comply by for example sanctions or in the end military intervention . 
  [ are you sure ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/zoanwjrmfls?t=2m17s ), 
  oh , do n't get me wrong i totally agree that islamic anti-semitism existed long before israel . 
  but israel gives them a `` justification '' for their anti-semetism by saying israel is evil just like hitler justified his anti-semetism by saying jews were evil and trying to destroy germany . 
  both arguments are of course totally crazy . 
  has it not been a ban on reprinting mein kampf in germany ? 
   whenever he 's railing against the communists/bolsheviks , he 's pretty much also talking about jews . 
  sure in one way . 
  but he does n't think all communists are jews . 
  he sees communists as evil and that jews are helping/leading the communist cause because they want to bring down the nation states . 
  he writes that he hated communists before he hated jews . 
  he basically started hating jews when he saw that many jews were supporting communism . 
  east jerusalem . 
  also on every street in the west bank ( which is under the control of israel ), 
  are you aware that israel has a huge population of israeli-arabs ? 
  if you walk the streets in israel you can see the book being sold in the open . 
  its a bestseller among its arab population . 
  thats probably true . 
  and for other parties to see the change in opinion . 
  the reason no party has been willing to touch sd so far is because they know it would be a political suicide . 
  if this situation continues that could change . 
  just look at the christian democrats that has moved in that direction . 
   i assume that no other party will work with them and thus have to government from a minority which will lead to them being ousted in 10 minutes . 
  was n't that the case in denmark before ? 
  but then after a while they got `` acceptable '' and other partys were willing to work with them ? 
  besides they ca n't even form a minority govt without at least being tolerated by a majority, 
   the left is acting like immigration has no impact on a society and everyone who says otherwise is a racist . 
  unless they are work immigrants . 
  in that case the left do n't want them to come here . 
  not suprised 1/5 of swedens population are considering voting for them . 
  probably and because of israel . 
  in their logic : 1 . 
  israel is evil 2 . 
  therefore its good killing israelis 3 . 
  israelis are jews 4 . 
  therefore its good killing jews . 
  hitler killed jews . 
  therefore hitler was good .
