  but if i get this right , basically the problem is the entitlement to welfare . 
  brazil presents an interesting perspective though : it has received a lot of haitians fleeing poverty in the last couple of years , as well as some immigrants from africa . 
  a lot of them have one thing in common : they want to work , after all , there is no other way in brazil anyway , since welfare is practically non-existent . 
  besides that , the brazilian government promptly granted them papers , in most cases , making them effectively legal residents . 
  in practice , this amounts to legal immigrants coming to work ( because there is no other way , no welfare ) - to the point that a lot of them are doing better than a lof of the poor slice of the native population . 
  there is another thing that friedman diresgards , though : immigration is not only about economics . 
  yes , welfare attracts people like a huge magnet , but having said that , there is still the problem of cultural integration . 
  mexicans , and latin americans in general , are way closer to us or europe culturally speaking than the average middle-eastern , and have a larger intersection of common values . 
  i would personally go as far as to say that cultural compatibility is an even more important factor than pure economics . 
  money can even make people reach , but will hardly change their values . 
  ( disclaimer : i have lived in brazil ), 
  * apologies for my bad translation , i am not a native german speaker . 
  ( i also did not translate the entire article , but the part imho is the most relevant to the facts ) . 
  *  the hungarian police has stopped a train carrying asylum seekers bound towards austria , and asked the passengers to get off . 
  as reported by the hungarian news agency mti , the train was held in bicske , about 37 kilometers west from the hungarian capital . 
  policemen , interpreters and around 20 buses were waiting for the asylum seekers , in order to take them to the refugee camp in bickse . 
  many of the asylum seekers have been brought out of the train , but later taken back to the platform . 
  an official declaration has not still been made . 
   a reporter from reuters reports that the asylum seekers in the train beated against the windows and cried '' no camp , no camp '' . 
  moreover , the police took into custody asylum seekers that were on the tracks protesting against their transportation to the hungarian welcoming camp . 
  dozens of people have fled . 
  * after the departure from budapest , the hungarian police stopped a train with asylum seekers . 
  instead of reaching the austrian border , they are now being taken to a reception camp . 
  very good point , thank you for all the context you 've provided . 
  speak for yourself . 
  i am actually a pd supporter , but just because something is associated with lega nord it does not mean it 's necessarily bad . 
  every party can have good points sometimes , it would be more productive if we struck down arguments , instead of using guilty-by-association fallacies . 
  law abiding citizens from both sides of the atlantic should n't have to carry the burden brought about by the misconduct of third-parties . 
  americans and canadians can come freely to europe because they match whatever our requirements are for not having to apply for a visa . 
  likewise , most eu countries fall under the requirements posed by the us and canada for waiving visas . 
  a percentage of bulgarian and romanian citizens fail to comply with the rules , and therefore statistically push their countries out of the compliance zone for taking part on visa waiver programs . 
  this is fair enough , but i would n't side with them in detriment of citizens/countries that always comply with the rules . 
  in practice , i would rather see americans and canadians keeping their visa waiver privilege , and us keeping our privilege than siding with countries that do n't really deserve it , statistically speaking . 
  if romania and bulgaria ca n't get their shit together , i would appreciate they would n't drag the rest of us with them . 
  edit : typos, 
  i like it how they twist what she said so they could strike down the strawman and chant victory . 
  what fauke said ( fact ) :  frauke petry said border guards `` must prevent illegal border crossings and even use firearms if necessary she even specifies it as a last resort ( let 's assume * last * really means * last * here . ), 
   `` i did n't use the word ` firing order , ' '' petry responded , adding that no police officer would want to shoot a refugee . 
   `` i do n't want that either . 
  armed force is the last resort , '' she said , arguing that agreements with austria and eu border checks are paramount in preventing the situation from escalating . 
  but then people just go ahead and rephrase that as something along the lines * she said we should shoot refugees * . 
  and then even ask for her to be monitored based on a premise that is false . 
  this is dirty politics , to say the least . 
  and it usually comes from the same people who fight authoritarianism . 
  edit : formatting, 
  this !, 
  one of the reasons people flee is well ... people !, 
  this is orthogonal to my argument , and is not a matter of being fair or not . 
  i am just stating the facts . 
  i am glad your family is able to see that education is * the * passport out of poverty ( i could n't agree more with you on this and i wish more people understood its importance ) . 
  i wish more families here were like yours . 
  but none of this changes the fact that the education level here in brazil is light-years behind europe . 
  there are very brilliant people here , but those do not represent the average brazilian , nor does that mean that universities here are any better . 
  and sorry , but syrian universities are even worse . 
  i also know quite a few people here who attended to the best university in the country ( usp ) and still are terrible professionals . 
  my point stands : university means very little when you are talking about countries like brazil or syria , when compared to their eu counterparts . 
  ( needless to say there are exceptions ) . 
  as someone living in a third world country in south america , i can tell you one thing for sure : earning a university degree does not , per se , mean anything . 
  i have met a lot of local engineers here who graduated from a crap university and , despite holding a b.a. 
  in engineering , do n't have what it takes to be an engineer . 
  edit : i am talking brazil here . 
  at least one university here ranks among the top 50 in the world ( usp ) . 
  not the case for syria . 
  brazilians citizens already can enter schengen freely . 
  they are part of the visa waiver program . 
  nothing will change in this regard , except that they would be able to settle in portugal ( but not elsewhere in eu ) . 
  still , schengen rules for non-eu citizens would apply once you cross outside of portugal : they would be able to travel around for 3-months . 
  after this period , they need to return to their country of residency . 
  alas , brazilians are not even required a schengen visa to travel to europe . 
  nothing will change in this regard . 
  brazil is not a homogeneous country , so saying it 's either close to a or to b does not make a lot of sense . 
  in terms of development , i agree with you that brazil , in average , is closer to portugal than to angola . 
  however , this development is not homogeneous . 
  even inside the city of s\u00e3o paulo , you will find areas that resemble miami , and areas that resemble africa . 
  the city of s\u00e3o paulo itself has 12 million inhabitants . 
  if you hypothetically assume that 1/3 of those live in poor areas , ( 4 million ) of which one 1/8 decide to move up to portugal , you would have 500 thousand people ( just from a single city ) moving up there that would likely be unable to contribute to anything , given their lack of skills . 
  the same analogy can be applied country wise . 
  brazil is divided into 5 macro-regions : south , south-east , center-west , north-east and north . 
  south and south-east are the industrialized regions you could compare to portugal ( still , there is a huge gap , like the example i cited about s\u00e3o paulo ) . 
  you would still have to deal with north , and north-east ( the poorest ) . 
  center-west is mainly agricultural but somewhat developed . 
  it would be more accurate to say that , for instance , the state of s\u00e3o paulo is closer to portugal , while the state of sergipe is definitely closer to angola . 
  that would n't even be considered a favela in brazil . 
  but i see why something like this is not desirable . 
  portugal should worry about raising the bar , not lowering it . 
  unfortunately not . 
  brazil is more than s\u00e3o paulo , or rio - it is a huge country and unfortunately most of it is still closer to angola than to portugal , culturally - and education-wise . 
  these people want to live in europe , but do n't want to behave like europeans . 
  this is recipe for disaster , alas , this is the prime example it is already happening . 
  and we are already paying a high price for this . 
  economic migrants . 
  that 's what they are . 
  i have lived for two years in v\u00e4rmland , north of karlstad . 
  i know the feeling . 
  it 's sucky . 
  specially because these people you mention are supposed to know your character , and if they thought a bit about it , it should occur to them that ( assuming you are a good person and that they like you ) that there is an inconsistency to what you are in general and what they claim you are . 
  thank you for your answer . 
  and if it is not trouble , please do post the link . 
  i appreciate it that you took time to address my question . 
  i 've always wondering about this melancolia portuguesa .
