  stupid ones . 
  for the record , i am not even a christian to begin with . 
  so i guess it would be safe that this is more about a cultural clash than a religious clash . 
  either way , thank you for your insights , i appreciate it . 
  now let 's think for a while : when people say they are against muslims [ in europe ] , i think it is reasonable to assume that the word `` muslims '' here does not refer to muslims who are the equivalent of moderate christians or jews ( i.e. 
  regular people ) - like many muslim turks you find in germany . 
  i think it is reasonable to assume that muslim in this context reflects the idea of a person with backwards and medieval mentality , whose values are incompatible with modern society , and who carries inadequate and disrespectful behavior . 
  it is a fact that , among the refugees breaking into europe , there are some who would fit this description of `` muslim '' - those are the ones who usually cause trouble , no matter where they go ( readers of this subreddit have had enough examples of bad behavior my immigrants , so i will not enumerate them here ) . 
  and i guess it is clear from the facts we have witnessed here that problems that will impact society in a significant way can be brought about by a minority of people only ( i.e. 
  no majority is required for that ) . 
  i guess that 's what people in europe are against . 
  that 's what i am against , personally . 
  but this is just my opinion . 
  who knows if i even make sense ... 
  again a speech full of fallacies - all `` pretty '' on the outside , but with empty contents . 
  when will we start to see actual pragmatic statements ? 
  i wonder when we europeans will start to realize that a lot of those people wandering into our lands are simply incompatible to our culture , and helpless . 
  uruguay is a pretty decent country - were i running from war , it would be one of my choices , for sure . 
  if we do n't begin to acknowledge the problem , we wo n't be able to address it . 
  and before anyone whines : yes , i know not every refugee is like that , but there are some who are and they are causing enough problem . 
  it is a pattern . 
  assuming it is even a minority , i think it is safe to assume that this minority has managed to somehow ruin their homelands and is causing trouble in europe , and in other countries like uruguay . 
  apparently you do n't need a majority to screw things up massively . 
  i wonder how germany and sweden will deal with these people . 
  people do n't change that easily . 
  how do we intend to change these individuals for best , if we ca n't even sometimes solve personal conflicts because people will simply not change ? 
  in germany for instance , i see a lot of northern germans complaining that bavarians are conservative , catholic nuts , etc , etc. 
  so you ca n't even deal with a branch of your own folk , and you think dealing with aliens from the middle east is as easy as throwing them into a crash-course on integration ? 
  is that all we can come up with ? 
  i guess we get what we deserve , in the end ... 
  it 's time for us to get real . 
  can you tell me more about these ridiculous tests and measures you are talking about ? 
  i do n't know have a lot of context about denmark , and would like to understand why these measures might hurt legal immigrants . 
  no it does n't . 
  immigration laws have been clear and stable for legal immigrants . 
  it hurts those who have a problem with the law , only . 
  i am glad you are aware that when we criticize refugees , we are not talking about the decent people . 
  as someone said , decent people are always welcome . 
  self-righteous entitled savages ought to leave . 
  i am glad people still understand and know how to deal with generalizations . 
  good !, 
  dream on . 
  we ca n't even manage intra-country differences properly . 
  s\u00fcdtirol wants to be austrian . 
  the terroni are hated by the polentoni . 
  germany ca n't get the `` scheiss preissn '' to get along with the backwards and religious bavarians . 
  good luck with that , never gon na happen . 
  and all i have witnessed so far is an increase on the intolerance lately by those who are the first to preach tolerance . 
  a united europe needs to be built from the ground up , not top down . 
  i find it hardly arguably to claim that italian and french are more akin to each other than , say , italian to spanish . 
  and someone has pointed below , it is a fact that that italian is lexically closer to french than to spanish , but that just means the vocabulary is more similar . 
  it disregards phonology , of which french presents many more innovations than the remaining romance languages . 
  to cite one example , italian and spanish show no changes in high-mid vowels from vulgar latin , whereas in french they undergo drastic changes . 
  latin bibit ( he drinks ) will become beve and bebe in italian and spanish respectively ( the short i turns into an e ) . 
  in french , it will undergo the following changes : bibit -  bebet -  bejbet -  bejt -  bojt ( currently written boit ) -  bo\u0190t -  bw\u0190t -  bwa ( bwa being how it is currently pronounced ) . 
  this can be exemplified by many italians , spanish and even brazilian claiming their languages have a higher degree of mutual intelligibility with each other than with french . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  i agree . 
  but whatever this definition of `` political '' might be , it seems a bit distant to what we call `` mainstream politics '' . 
  i guess i tend to see free software more like a philosophy , born from a set of ethical values as you said . 
  also , i have the feeling that fsfe tends to be a bit political in the traditional sense as opposed to fsf , just look how the fsf 's current campaign pages are much more focused on the relationship between software and hardware by enabling you to own your hardware , your files , promoting open standards in order to foster interoperability , i.e. 
  focusing on have the ultimate supremacy and freedom of the things you own , whereas fsfe 's work page is more socially oriented , augmenting the scope to concern particular bodies of the government , social issues and the likes , which strictly speaking are just benefiting parties of the side effects of free software usage . 
  in the end , ** `` free software s about having control over the technology we use in our homes , schools and businesses , where computers work for our individual and communal benefit , not for proprietary software companies or governments who might seek to restrict and monitor us . 
  '' ** ( from fsf us page ) . 
  qt contributor , free software proponent , and contributor here . 
  i just wanted to say three things : 1 ) i fully support governments using free software . 
  it * emancipates the state * , and also fosters the usage of open standards , which is good for everyone . 
  i see a lot of governmental agencies trying to reinvent the wheel when implementing electronic versions of their paper services to crack down on bureaucracy and failing miserably because they choose to use existent proprietary tools that need to be bent to suit the government 's requirements , among many other cases of software patchwork i have seen . 
  free software ftw !, 
  2 ) i do n't think it threatens democracy , though , at least on the literal sense : this is a bit far-fetched . 
  in practice , there are several democracies functioning on top of proprietary software at the time . 
  yes , i would like to see them move to free software , but claiming it threatens democracy is bending reality so it fits our narrative . 
  3 ) i hate how political parties like to turn free software into something political . 
  socialists will claim free software is a living proof of socialism . 
  classic liberals will claim how free software is a great example of how a deregulated market can work . 
  free software is about * software * . 
  just like its antagonists , namely open source and proprietary software are . 
  i am tired of seeing people who ca n't even type a single line of code try to misuse and profit from free software , specially those who cast software philosophies into politics . 
  edit : typo, 
  why do you think these demands are mutually exclusive ? 
  do you honestly believe there is no other way to follow , other than going down the eu route ( non-rhetorical question here ) ? 
  what about multilateral agreements ? 
  the eu itself is a strong evidence that agreements with a well defined scope can be produced . 
  there was no screening and also no common sense ... come on ... the facts speak loudly !, 
  i appreciate reading your view point . 
  thanks !, 
  exactly !, 
  it makes no sense . 
  eu should account and legislate the intersection between eu countries ( and not the union ) . 
  it has grown into an obese union that can no longer walk . 
  this can even be funny , but it is actually a bit scary , because it shows well how `` serious '' europe has been screening its asylum seekers . 
  it had to take a red cross helper to get suspicious and a restaurante employee to solve the problem ? 
  come on , a chinese man raised no red flags ? 
  very professional , no wonder things are the way they are ... but dare you to criticize it ... 
  it is not just the government . 
  it 's also a great part of the people . 
  i know plenty of germans and swedes ( mostly because i have lived in these two countries and still have ties there ) that will go blitzkrieg on you if you dare to suggest that a share of these illegal immigrants are not good people , to the point that i have given up trying to rationally argue . 
  and as someone who was raised and lives in a third-world country , it saddens me to see europe going down the same road . 
  what europeans do n't get is that people can be worse than they think - we take our society and values and `` good will '' for granted , but it is not true . 
  made me really lol,
