that 's great news . 
  these kind of makeshift camps on illegal areas are exactly what gave birth to what became slums here in south america . 
  yes , it is tough and it might even be cruel - but on the long run , this is the right thing to do imho . 
  i am so frustrated with the current situation . 
  but at least i find some comfort here , knowing that i am not alone . 
  i have been wondering , though : is there something practical we can do ? 
  we are being invaded - i know it sounds harsh or even somewhat cheap when i talk like this , but in the end , this is really what 's happening - except that we are too passive to do anything about it and our politicians are just full of shit rambling nice sounding but empty sentences . 
  unfortunately i am living outside of europe right now and it does not make sense for me to stage a protest here in south america , but if i were in italy , i guess i would really tro to organize something . 
  i mean , what can we do ? 
  it 's not like we can actually go and fight them , but we can at least try to put some political preassure on our passive governments . 
  before it is too late . 
  of course then , the greatest barrier is the fear of social suicide , losing one 's carreer or being mistaken by a racist or whatever the trending term is nowadays , as happened with brendan eich ( for those who do n't know , he had to resign after some gay employees found out he had supported an anti-gay marriage campaign years ago in california . 
  i am personally all for gay marriage , but we are suffering sanctions just like he did when he lawfully donated to the campaigners that were against it ) . 
  well said . 
  a lot of people in europe tend to discuss immigrantion in terms of numbers/money . 
  we should be talking culture here instead . 
  thank you so much !, 
  if a native speaker could help with the translation , it would be appreciated, 
  it makes indeed sense from their perspective . 
  that 's why this is our own fault for not enforcing the laws and for being complacent with their attitudes . 
  if they can not have enough discernment , we on the other hand do , or at least should have - except that the current state of the debates about the issue is shameful . 
  it is okay if people want to disagree with those who , like me , do not support the current situation . 
  but i observe yet another pattern : they do shit in the name of solidiariety ( or any other such adjective ) , while telling disagreeing voices to sftu - then when the shit hits the fan , and they ca n't deal with it by themselves , they drag us into the situation we always tried to advise against . 
  and in the end , they blame us . 
  disclaimer : i am talking in a very very highly hypotectical level here - but this is just an impression i get sometimes . 
  edit : they = = the bleeding hearts, 
  this is a very interesting pattern . 
  here in brazil , i perceive the same thing , under different umbrellas ( people demanding land , people demanding this , people demanding that ... ) . 
  it is the same people who will abuse you later when they can . 
  i think we have to stop seeing those people as refugees . 
  there are plenty of good law-abiding refugees , playing by the rules ( they are even coming to brazil , legally , by applying at the embassy in ancara ) , but the ones portrayed in the article are just the kind of people you dont wa n't to have anythin to do with . 
  they do n't deserve it and we europeans should quit being naive . 
  i only feel for the children , it is not their fault and they are really in fucked up situation . 
  am i the only one where who thinks two wrongs do not make a right ? 
  if austria had had at least the willingness to enforce the rules and turned the refugees back , perhaps you would not be undergoing this as of now . 
  i really hope you are being sarcastic . 
  what i would like to understand is : a lot of people , including many of my german colleagues , keep pushing the idea that germany will successfully integrate the migrants arriving in their territory . 
  but if integration was that easy , how come you still see a clear division between turks and non-turks in germany ? 
  more or less . 
  so , if i get this right , they want to go back to lebanon to try a better life . 
  but apparently they do n't have money for that either , and would like the governemnt to pay the tickets . 
  still , entitlement . 
  brazil is full of african refugees , hatians , and even syrians who are sometimes doing better than locals . 
  i wonder what 's so bad about uruguay to them - unlike brazil , the uruguayan government even provided them with housing and financial aid . 
  there is a huge intersection between uruguay and southern brazil . 
  who ? 
  i am not sure if i get your comment ;, 
  as someone who grew up in brazil , i would be more than happy if i were granted the opportunity to live in any eu country if i were fleeing from war . 
  as a matter of fact , i would even be thankful if i got sent to brazil or a similar country , it is not as bad as you might think , and i do n't think romania or greece are worse . 
  because usually you require a visa to settle in europe . 
  they would need to apply for a uppeh\u00e5llstillst\u00e5nd ( sweden ) or aufenthaltsbescheinigung ( germany ) , usually as skilled workers . 
  they are not refugees , so they ought to be treated like everyone else . 
  i am pretty sure a lot of south americans would love to be able to settle in europe for different reasons . 
  why should they be granted a privillege in this case ? 
  in a nutshell , they do not have the ability to leave the uruguay , unless they apply for a visa that allows them to settle in europe , just like everyone else who is not a refugee . 
  yet another example : there is a big distinction between northern and southern brazilian cultures ( the northen is the one you probably know as the stereotypical brazil ) . 
  once , i had an electrician ( he was northern ) in my house repairing the wires in the kitchen . 
  i left him there , and once i came back , i saw he was using my ladder . 
  which means he actually took the liberty of walking into my storage room and looking for it - and then grabbing it without even asking . 
  i did not appreciate it that he roamed around my house as if it were his - no one does that in the south , it is impolite to say the least . 
  but i am sure he meant no offense , he just assumed it to be normal - that 's why i compromised and did not say anything . 
  but it happens . 
  disclaimer : my comments deal with generalizations , which means that there are always exceptions . 
  because there is a huge intersection of values among the involved cultures . 
  brazil holds the largest japanese outside of japan . 
  you will see japan everywhere there ( specially in sao paulo ) . 
  but once they arrived there , apart from working hard , they kept their culture at home , and adapted to the local culture . 
  they might use chop sticks at home , but that would not prevent them to go to restaurants and use western forks and knives . 
  they founded japanese culture clubs , speak japanese at home , but also speak portuguese and are able to put the brazilian culture into context . 
  and most importantly , they never * demanded * anything - acting pretty much neutral . 
  as the years went by , interest on japanese culture grew more and more , to the point that a part of their culture merged into brazilian culture ( mostly food and tv shows ) . 
  but it was a natural merger . 
  the problem with some cultures is that they are unable to adapt to the public dominant culture of the host country . 
  for instance , some muslim women are known to wear headscarves , you probablu know that . 
  in brazil , to take a driving license tests , you are prohibited to cover your head ( nothing related to muslims in particular , it also applies to people wearing hats ) . 
  in this scenario , a japanese person would have no problem , since they do not usually cover their heads , and if they did , they would probably have no problem unconvering it or , in the particular case of the japanese culture , would ultimately respect and decide not to do the test . 
  on the other hand , an orthodox ( not sure if this is the right word , but i guess you get what i mean ) muslim woman does not even have the choice to uncover her head . 
  what do you do then ? 
  it sucks for her that she would not be able to take her driver 's license test , but otoh , brazil is a secular state and i am sure a lot of other people there who cover their heads for other reasons ( such as those who practice african religions and dress accordingly ) would not be happy if an exception is made for our hypothetical muslim woman but not for them . 
  some people are not as understanding and would simply demand equality under the law . 
  this is of course just a small example to illustrate when cultures can clash with laws . 
  except that i have seen this happening there twice : in the two cases , the parties involved were able to find a compromise , but it was not straightforward to get there . 
  now multiply this by the thousands , and add different fronts ( halal food , praying during work times , etc. ), 
  and you will certainly have a problem . 
  i am not trying to blame anyone , i am just pointing out that conflicts arise . 
  another example : in brazil people do not usually remove their shoes when entering someone else 's home . 
  but americans do . 
  so when brazilians travel to the usa , they will adapt and remove their sheos . 
  but imagine if for some reason brazilian culture did not allow for that . 
  someone would have to compromise - and again , you would have problems . 
  i hope i was able to express myself , but feel free to ask me any questions . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  as someone who also holds brazilian citizenship ( i was born and raised there ) , it saddens me that things that are some obvious even to my simple-minded grandparents are extremely difficult to explain to the average european . 
  for instance , people seem to think that tackling the current migrant crisis is a matter of throwing money at the problem , when it is not . 
  it is a matter of teaching people a different culture , and that is very hard to accomplish . 
  also , many europeans regard these migrants as holy people - but their collective behavior pattern ( rioting , etc. . . ) reminds me exacty of the same pattern i used to see in brazilian streets - and trust me , once they become a minority , it becomes chaos . 
  i lived in sweden for a couple of years , and every time i tried to point out my perspectives , people would call me racist - apart from not having a clue about the context of a third-world context , they manage to behave arrogantly as if i had no clue whatsoever what i am talking about , while they were the ones who had never set feet in south america . 
  the truth is , we from the third world have far better experience dealing with poverty and lack of education than naive europeans , because we actually suffered with it . 
  what enrages me even more is that a lot of these migrants have this huge sense of entitlement , while i am sure that fellow brazilians would be more than happy if they even had the chance of living in a developed country like hungary or greece - or even in my beloved italy !, 
  on an american context , this might make sense .
