  above all , the goal for the head of the sp\u00d6 is to create 200,000 new jobs by 2020 and thus create full employment . 
  this is also to serve as a core component of the free movement of workers in the eu . 
  specifically , citizens from those countries whose wage level is less than 80 percent of the austrian population can only be active in austria if there is no domestic worker available . '', 
   kultur . 
  in case of the mods taking you down . 
  you might want to try / r/askeurope, 
  good morning \u00c9ire . 
  4 years of exellent punk music i would say . 
  fabulous . 
  `` 28 shades of brexit '' , 
  now i am hungry again . 
  that is awesome . 
  why is n't this news on any german news-outlet ? 
  alas i am detected . 
  sound advice . 
  google-translation ( with minor adjustments , because grammar ) our bigger problem is political profiling a column by jochen bittner more and more germans are becoming oppinion-policemen . 
  for the election year 2017 this promises nothing good . 
  if one were to evaluate parts of the debate about the supposed racial profiling in cologne 's silvesternacht according to the standards of good police work , one would have to come to the conclusion : the way many twitter and facebook users are acting , falls into the department political profiling . 
  a superficial glance is enough , and the other is sorted and directed away from the place . 
  two rough categories are available for the quick check : racist and filthy-leftist . 
  this is a menacing development . 
  an increasing number of germans are becoming oppinion-policemen who are using premature conclusions . 
  the injustices that they throw at the head with 140 often sloppy thrown signs generate rage - and this anger produces the next injustice . 
  if this trend continues , this country is threatened with a split in which everyone loses at the end . 
  perhaps all those who are concerned about the freedom of speech , both from the left and the right , are thinking about what germany should learn from the past year in the us so that this country will not slide into a similar friend-enemy polarization in the 2017 election year . 
  perhaps this country is already more divided than we think . 
  before the us elections , but also before the brexit vote in the uk , politicians , journalists and opinion researchers have underestimated the depth of the trench that passes through the societies . 
  demographically , this ditch runs roughly between the urban and rural population . 
  both classes lived peacefully next to each other for a long time . 
  now they meet on the internet -- and there is clash and thunder . 
  perhaps it is even more correct to speak of `` village '' and `` city '' in a transposed sense , of a felt those down there and a felt those up there , of supposedly down to earth ones and supposedly stuck-up ones . 
  the twitter - `` city '' dwellers , these are the internet-celebrity with five-digit follower numbers . 
  the twitter - `` village '' dwellers , these are the mostly anonymous users with friends in double-digit numbers . 
  but in toto , the villagers are more numerous than many city dwellers think . 
  and they are in the process of networking to quite loud conglomerates . 
  first of all , this should be an applauded democratic emancipation . 
  this clash should produce a heat that could have a fruitful effect on the whole nation . 
  but this enriching effect of the village-city-clash is still missing . 
  instead of serious interest in getting to know each other , both sides are confronted with suspicion and resentment , and increasingly with the features of a deliberate cultural struggle . 
  thus , the same people who criticize the degrading and flattering term `` nafri '' for north africans have no problem with calling afd voters `` nazis '' . 
  and the same people , who are supposed to be dealing with an alternative policy for germany , offer in reality only a cheap discourse alternative that hardly deserves the name : excitement rather than enlightenment for germany . 
  the deluded defense of the `` left block '' justifies the grossest caliber . 
  for both sides , twitter is , unfortunately , the best medium to see their enemy images confirmed again and again . 
  to be blunt is a trump card . 
  feelings click better than fact . 
  personal attack agitates more than a factual debate . 
  if `` keep it simple , stupid '' continues , we may be just about to overthrow our democracy . 
  today , the greatest threat to freedom of speech is no longer from the state , but from the fear of the digital express court and its pillory . 
  perhaps it is helpful to remember a classic for germany and europe in this important year , one who pointed out early on that there is no real freedom of speech without mutual respect and constant self-reflection . 
  he is the most beautiful in the english original : `` while everyone well knows himself to be fallible , few think it is necessary to take any precautions against their own fallibility . '', 
  john stuart mill , 1859 . 
  it is hilarious . 
  on the other hand it is disturbing . 
  i always wonder why partisans find it ok to use the same methods , they condemn by the parties , of the opposite political spectrum . 
  the book she reads : revolution , the international bestseller . 
  lol . 
  i 'd say r/gnostic or r/agnostic at the most , not r/atheism, 
  very informative . 
  than you very much for this post . 
  it is not basic income , but a guaranteed income . 
  the guranteed income is money that ca n't be denied no matter what . 
  if you get that money no matter what , you can save up the cost for the civil servants whose only job it is to distribute named money , when you transfer the money directly to a bank account . 
  at zis point i woould love an european meet up to shamelessly praktize my horrible enklish accent as well as mine french one . 
  i was asked once if i am from switzerland , as i spoke ( tried to speak ) french while beeing drunk . 
  * good beer . 
  * good ( no great ) chocolate . 
  * a kingdom . 
  * leopold and the kongo ( unfortunatly ) . 
  * brussels and spa . 
  * inventors of superior potato-frying . 
  * flamen and wallonen and a few germans live there . 
  because it is cold in iceland . 
  first , we need to know how the mass of hell is changing in time . 
  so we need to know the rate at which souls are moving into hell and the rate at which they are leaving . 
  i think that we can safely assume that once a soul gets to hell , it will not leave . 
  therefore , no souls are leaving . 
  as for how many souls are entering hell , let 's look at the different religions that exist in the world today . 
  most of these religions state that if you are not a member of their religion , you will go to hell . 
  since there is more than one of these religions and since people do not belong to more than one religion , we can project that all souls go to hell . 
  with birth and death rates as they are , we can expect the number of souls in hell to increase exponentially . 
  now , we look at the rate of change of the volume in hell because boyle 's law states that in order for the temperature and pressure in hell to stay the same , the volume of hell has to expand proportionately as souls are added . 
  if hell is expanding at a slower rate than the rate at which souls enter hell , then the temperature and pressure in hell will increase until all hell breaks loose . 
  if hell is expanding at a rate faster than the increase of souls in hell , then the temperature and pressure will drop until hell freezes over . 
  so which is it ? 
  if we accept the postulate given to me by teresa during my freshman year that , `` it will be a cold day in hell before i sleep with you , '' and take into account the fact that i slept with her last night , then number two must be true , and thus i am sure that hell is exothermic and has already frozen over . 
  the corollary of this theory is that since hell has frozen over , it follows that it is not accepting any more souls and is therefore , extinct ... . leaving only heaven , thereby proving the existence of a divine being which explains why , last night , teresa kept shouting `` oh my god . '', 
  to be fair it is a tradition in berlin as well , but on the first of may/labour day . 
  not sure if insulted . 
  big sister ? 
  like in an annoying and always bossy acting big sister ? 
  hmm ... lola rennt http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0130827/?ref_=nv_sr_1 and deutschland 83 is a very good minisieries http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4445154/?ref_=nv_sr_1 and fitzcarraldo by werner herzog http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0083946/?ref_=nv_sr_1 although his documentary about klaus kinski http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0200849/?ref_=nv_sr_6 is even better and truly a must see . 
  sadly , i can only upvote once . 
  happy new year and may the potatoes be ever in your favor . 
  til . 
  greece can into nordics . 
  transparency is nice . 
  i doubt that many will read those though . 
  tmdr ( too many did n't read ) . 
  speaking of which . 
  what is the state of the military in turkey nowadays ?
