  let 's have a seat under a `` gerichtsbaum '' and give judgement . 
  bu ... but we brought you christianity and proper catholicism . 
  :( you hurtin ma feelins ... , 
  ( cough , cough ), 
  it 's the [ atomium ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atomium ), 
  cool . 
  anybody here who took it and wants to talk about it ? 
   hre the reichssturmfahne from 12th to early 14th century . 
  now i get it , because i was like ... denmark ? 
  those are great and i think belgium is very clever . 
  on the other hand my own ( germany ) baffles me . 
  interesting . 
  when you think about it , the situation for greece is just so f *** ed up , they have nothing to loose . 
   wrong message to european taxpayers those a-holes . 
  as if the common taxpayer had any say in anything . 
  i would wish , and i say let 'm have it . 
  i think that is good news . 
  i still wish the uk all the best and that brexit works in their favour somehow . 
  if you think about it , no european can be sure that his or her country not has a vote someday and half of them vote against your wishful voting . 
  in the end everybody should be able to make a decent living , because everybody deserves it . 
  oh no ... did they hang `` peace-loving resistance bikes '' or `` terrorist insurgent bikes '' ? 
  always remember ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stjs51d1fzg&amp;index=34&amp;list=plznynwfcbx9cduic7bjmhle5bntou9sbz, 
  maybe one day we can read the headline , or see a video , with : basic income cut the suicide rate by accident . 
  `` the germans fear god , but nothing else in the world '', 
  great job . 
  thank you . 
  edit : are the colours brighter or does my monitor start to malefunction ? 
  do you happen to know if there are real sword tips ( sword sharp ) in the ground ? 
  i dare to say my behaviour is flawless . 
  this hurts my feelings :( and til :  in the uk , the idea of `` man-free '' venues has already taken hold . 
  in 2016 , the glastonbury festival introduced an area called the sisterhood open to `` all people who identify as women . '', 
  the headline explains it well . 
  inside the text are further youtube - links to the music that was played and the reasons why the certain music-pieces were chosen . 
   many words have been spoken and much ink has flowed on the subject of the former chancellor and his place in history . 
  but where words fail , music begins . 
  with what message ? 
  we are doomed :(, 
   typical germany : delay and discuss for years . 
  slowly progress towards it . 
  finally open the flood gates we should call it the blitz-vote, 
  my personal believe is that europe let the whole region down but i have no idea what is to be done to help . 
  i simply hope that reconciliation starts one day . 
  a little bit of everything ... 
   the ability to think critically would be more important than strict vocational training . 
  `` knowledge is power and education is liberty , '' was humboldt 's credo . 
     residents , however , felt bullied while businesses feared the plans would create a `` dead town '' . 
  beathe radby schieldrop , communications manager for the city 's trade association , the oslo handelsstands forening ( ohf ) , told the guardian : `` it 's too much and too soon . 
  shop owners and visitors need time to adapt . ''   the council took note and has settled instead on getting rid of all of the 650 on-street parking spaces in the centre . 
  it will then extend pedestrian networks , close several streets to private traffic , and build 40 miles of bike lanes . 
    the council has not completely abandoned the idea of banning cars . 
  the plan is to see if the removal of parking and restrictions on driving is sufficient to achieve its aim of having `` the fewest possible vehicles '' . 
   in a number of german cities this has already happened . 
  it kills undoubtfully inner city business of the small shop owners . 
  it should be banned for both sexes . 
  there is this story between him and mikhail gorbachev while on a visit in the bundesrepublik . 
  they were sitting near the rhine one evening and gorbachev ( as a soviet ) was doubtful and reluctant about the german unification , so helmut kohl said ... `` look at the flow of the rhine . 
  we can redirect the river , we can built a dam to stow its flow . 
  but somehow the rhine will flow towards the north sea no matter what . 
  sometimes history flows fast , sometimes slow . 
  but as resolute as the rhine merges with the sea , the two germanys will want to merge one day . '', 
  le tank surprise, 
  best of luck on your side , and is always good to have an exiting weekend . 
  that is true , but i was looking for something more spd-based . 
  brandt and schmidt were 2 exceptional chancellors as well . 
  as a nation we were lucky , i guess , to have had that many good chancellors . 
  well , it works and one understands it ( with the exeption of \u00dcberhangmandate ) . 
  there seems always to be an exeption to a rule . 
  til . 
  thank you for sharing . 
  i think the article explains the german system fairly well . 
  i do n't want to make wahlkampf . 
  i posted it because sometimes other people wonder about german parties , and i think the article to be unbiased . 
  i did n't find anything about brandt or helmut schmidt , so it might be that the deutsche welle , as an entity , is biased . 
  well , germany does not have the bomb either . 
  i would n't think it impossible though , that there are not at least plans for `` dirty bombs '' in case of the ernstfall . 
  everyone with nuclear waste can build those . 
  200 years ago , today , the first bicycle ride in the history of europe , was observed . 
     karl von drais [ ] undertook the first long journey on june 12 , 1817 , from his dwelling-house in mannheim on the well-developed `` chausee '' to the schwetzingen relaishaus in the mannheim district of rheinau . 
  `` he needed an hour for four post-hours '' . 
  `` without great effort thirteen to fifteen kilometers an hour , that was a sensation . '', 
  in plain terrain a rapid movement was possible with the draisine ; apart from the horse , and ice-skating . 
  the draisine is considered to be the first steerable bicycle , the c\u00e9l\u00e9rif\u00e8re , already existed in 1791 by count de sivrac . 
   let 's rejoice and if you own a bike i suggest you take a ride today . 
  it 's healthy and even ( the ) [ queen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gugscdlhm-q ) approves . 
  on a personal note to my friends in the netherlands : we are sorry about the redistribution in the 40s . 
  you are without doubt the bicycle-master-race . 
  i hold mine weinschorle . 
  we almost were a continent once . 
   great shower curtain gift shut up and take my money . 
  aldi-lidl-wars . 
  i think he is n't only historically illiterate . 
   but students at the jva are paid to study because school is considered work . 
  they must meet strictly monitored requirements , and unexcused absences , disruptive behavior and failure to complete homework mean no payment and can quickly lead to expulsion . 
  i had no idea that they are paid for learning . 
   britain should not be punished for brexit i agree , and i think many in social media like reddit , who want just that will be very disappointed . 
   reminding the british that they have conclusively forfeited the privileges of eu membership and stipulating that co-operation with mr trump will be `` on the basis of shared values '' i think that pm may indeed believes in the achievement of her vision of free trade . 
  the hurt the uk might get will not be by the eu but by the us under mr. trump , because he does believe more in protectionism than in free trade . 
  this is a good thing and needs to be applauded . 
  my personal view is that governments usually fail in regard to integration . 
  a lot of refugees are simpley overwhelmed and need to be taken by the hand .
