  in the election campaign , he has announced that muslims are prohibiting entry or reintroduction of waterboarding . 
  even the wall to mexico , which he has always promised . 
  even though he will in some way have to build some wall . 
  but now he is also secreted by the secret services , he has more counselors , and the knowledge of the facts obviously also changes his gaze on things . 
  he will have to show after the inauguration that he fulfills the task of his voters . 
  he is likely to be more of a domestic policy with regard to companies and jobs in america . 
  and if something goes well , he will sell it as his success , even if a decision for the location usa has fallen before his election . 
  until we see how he changes politics , it will take a while . 
  die welt : do you see parallels between the rise of trumps and the populist movements in europe ? 
  emerson : my theory is that large segments of our society in the west are unsettled by the speed of globalization and the technological revolution . 
  they realize that their lives are changing , that the world is changing - and they have the feeling of losing control . 
  in this environment , an authoritarian approach with simple answers is just as tempting . 
  the key to european leaders is to take these concerns in a real and honest way and not to ignore them . 
  if you do that , you can , i believe , lessen the longing for simplistic and authoritarian solutions . 
  die welt : some call angela merkel the last torch-bearer of freedom . 
  how is she supposed to handle it ? 
  emerson : it is far from me to give advice to one of the most successful politicians in german history . 
  but i can say so much : there are many americans who feel that way : thank god , there is angela merkel . 
  it is a sentence that i have heard quite often from americans in my role as ambassador since the election . 
  this means quite a lot of pressure for a single person , but in essence , it shows how much respect you have in america for her moral leadership and for what she embodies . 
  in germany , their political responsibility can be assessed differently , but it is admirably admired in the united states . 
  die welt : trump described merkel 's refugee policy as a `` catastrophic mistake '' . 
  do you see that similar ? 
  emerson : absolutely not . 
  it has shown extraordinary moral leadership , when a humanitarian crisis broke out at germany 's borders . 
  after the first onslaught , germany managed relatively quickly to deal with the matter . 
  and it has begun to ask the right questions to deal with the integration process . 
  the idea that europe must only close its borders and thus prevent attacks could be absurd . 
  on the one hand , most of these attacks have been committed by people who have grown up in europe . 
  or they are recruited in europe via the internet . 
  second , the idea that terrorists could only get to europe through refugees , is ridiculous . 
  the answer can only be to make the cooperation between the security services more efficient . 
  i must tell you that i was very proud of the berlin reaction to the tragedy of the attack on the memory church . 
  they have kept together and not withdrawn , they have gone on christmas markets , solidarity and strong . 
  the rest of the world can learn from it . 
  die welt : in germany fears of russian hacker attacks in the election campaign as well as in the usa . 
  were we so far too careless ? 
  emerson : both what happened in the us and the lisa case here in germany were a clear wake-up call . 
  since i came here , russian propaganda in germany is comprehensive and penetrating , and it is not just what they can see on russia today , it is the tendency to support right or anti-european anti-establishment candidates all over europe . 
  in the us , a mistake has been made when the email account of hillary clinton 's campaign manager john podesta was hacked . 
  although most journalists were informed that this had happened as a result of a russian hacker attack , there was a breathless coverage of what was in these emails . 
  i believe we need more restraint so that we do not become the helper of russian attempts to undermine the electoral processes in western countries . 
  die welt : how is your personal resume as an ambassador in germany ? 
  emerson : it was with the honor of my life . 
  i have always tried to spend two or three days outside of berlin , traveling through the country , i was probably in 150 different places , some in several places , alone in bavaria i was probably more than 60 times . 
  we have loved our time here , and on the human level , our hearts have been greatly delighted by the incredible friendly welcome the germans have given us . 
  this is something we will take with us forever - and frankly this is also one of the reasons why we bought an apartment in berlin . 
  for we would like to return privately , without attracting attention . 
  because , in distinction to the elected president , i believe in the concept of a single ambassador . 
  so you will not see me as i give interviews , but maybe you 'll see me on my bike ride through berlin or with friends in one of the great restaurants here . 
  finally , 
  i think she is just very reasonable in her calculations . 
  if you calculate the worst scenario and plan accordingly , any morsel she might be given by the eu will therfore count as 100 % success . 
  germans build cars . 
  everyone else m.t.u 's ( mobile transportation units ) , 
  in tit for tat you start friendly though . 
  those articles are rarely about hacking , but about the fake-news-propaganda-machine . 
  nothing new . 
  the hacking of the bundestag `` mentioned '' was merly a inconvinience for the members of parliament than a changing of the vote drop out as it is `` insinuated '' in the headline . 
  for once i would like some real hacking to be done . 
  i suggest the hacking of the wahl-o-mat . 
  that would be hilarious . 
  i know  because total war rome ii suebi campaign and last but not least my user-name . 
  well that is embarrassing . 
  there goes my authoritah . 
  by hovering over your fine flair my mind totally switched to galizien ( eastern europe ) . 
  i would like to share a piece of music , because kultur . 
  it is a piece by klaus weiland and called `` das loch in der banane / the hole in the banana '' . 
  very many germans are/were familiar with it because it was pausenmusik ( break music ) on a german tv-station at a time when there was no 24/hours tv . 
  besides it is a beautiful piece of instrumental guitar . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwq8_noux2o more information to be found at the artists youtube-channel, 
  my personal view is very positive . 
  you had one of the worst dictatorships in europe and you are doing rather well i think . 
  we do not think that all of you are gypsies ( sinti and roma , for the sake of political correctness ) . 
  historical ? 
  i am sorry that we dragged you in the second world war . 
  all in all the majority thinks that romania will be doing very well in the future . 
  i have yet to visit and i am planning to do so , in the not to distant future . 
  mine honour is hurt . 
  if you do not believe germans to be the authoritah of all things alcoholic you may have a chat with my pals france , spain and italy about being the wine master race . 
  i am envious . 
  you have the best food and the most beautiful landscapes . 
  first thing in this thread : organized crime . 
  ( still envious though ) , 
  very nice . 
  although i have my doubts that such an impressive belly can be achieved without beer . 
  i foresee `` post flags on tummy '' for the coming weeks . 
  preposterous . 
  when have we ever been in the wrong ? 
  well if wilders wins he might pull a thatcher . 
   we germans do n't like to hear that ( maybe ) we are mistaken . 
   and heidrun . 
  hopefully there will not be another war beside `` peacekeeping '' . 
  regarding to modern warfare no one knows , which guns might truly be efficient . 
  in the past for example the 8.8 cm flak , which was intended for anti-aircraft turned out to be quite the tank-killer . 
  i would watch a movie named `` bonding with saddam '' . 
  great title . 
  til kvass , in german kwas apparently . 
  i am going to post here the google translate of the part the above article was based on , i think . 
  underneath is the link to the austrian news , which you might google translate yourself : `` this was followed by almost two hours of `` plan a '' , which is the concept with which kern wants to implement the `` new deal '' he promised at the beginning of his term of office .
