  the way i learned it and turkish friends assured me in the past , is that the military were the guarantee of democracy . 
  are their ranks totally cleansed of opposition or is there still resistance against erdogan ? 
  my 2 cents . 
  at a certain scale/level coorporations cease to be linked to a country . 
  be it american , german or whatever . 
  usually when they built a holding to avoid taxes . 
  bu ... , but it 's verboten !, 
   to prove my point . 
  not even a compound-word works . 
  anybody , try to google-translate that word , 
  on the other hand we ca n't process something so totally normal as jaywalking . 
  we simply have no word for it . 
  frantically calling the kanzleramt : `` angela , there is movement on our left flank ... '', 
  it is beautiful . 
   i was assuming as much . 
  from my point of view it simply `` sounds '' wrong . 
  sturm und drang for me was a ( literature ) movement of rebellion/revolution against feudalism . 
  sp\u00e4tromantik on the other hand is sort of a melancholy processing of what went wrong , because the feudalist societies were still in place . 
  for me the term `` sturm und drang '' belongs to literature . 
  i may be wrong though . 
  i like it . 
  the president speaks at xmas , the chancolorette speaks at new years eve . 
  awesome . 
  true . 
  i agree . 
  yet , how to define wealth ? 
  difficult . 
  illuminati confirmed . 
  `` the data confirm the tendency of a ecb study of 2013 . 
  thus , the federal republic of germany has long been europe 's economic engine . 
  however , there is little for a large part of the population . 
  half of the german households have a zero debt to a maximum of eur 60,000 after deduction of debts . 
  in the euro-crisis countries of cyprus and italy , which is the focus of banking problems , the average assets are 170,000 and almost 150,000 euros , respectively . 
  the french are on twice as much as the germans . 
  even portugal and greece have a higher value than the federal republic . '', 
  abstract out of the s\u00fcddeutsche , with todays headline : most germans have less than other europeans . 
  i like to point out that to prevent thoughtcrime you introduce newspeak . 
  it is the very idea to alter words to prevent a certain kind of thought . 
  sad but true , political correctness works with the same ideas . 
  excellent read . 
  none of us is really religious . 
  even when we say we are , it 's more likely that we follow `` false gods '' like mammon . 
  every one of us sells time for money and thus follows mammon . 
  sweet . 
  german countries are dwarfs . 
  the nordics are elvish . 
  orcs and mordor ... 
  ... i forsee the submission of an european map with the different names for br\u00f6tchen in the next few days . 
  quite interesting . 
  so i wondered , do you have lots of earthquakes ? 
  i googled it and voila : http://en.vedur.is/earthquakes-and-volcanism/earthquakes/ it seems to me most quakes are right on the ridges . 
  which makes it midlyinteresting ? 
  til . 
  thank you and upvote . 
  i aim to please  german grammar is best grammar . 
  `` do you even castle '' ? 
  since when stops a constitution a politican with an agenda ? 
  it 's alway good to have a plan , 
  i saw a great documentary on arte about dwarf myths and murano-glas once . 
  the gist of it is : how did the dwarf turn out to be a myth ? 
  fairytale researchers are convinced that the mysterious `` venetians '' - also called venediger-mandl - played an important role . 
  they were mysterious treasure hunters who wandered secretly through the middle ages in northern europe . 
  for venice in search of gold and rare raw materials for the production of the coveted muranoglases . 
  i quote : `` any headline that ends in a question mark can be answered by the word no . '', 
  what could go wrong ? 
  if you study history , in regard of his credibility as a source , then yes . 
  hi there . 
  do n't mind me but i want to mention bede . 
  or as we call him beda venerabilis . 
  because he truly was a cool guy . 
  well . 
  we still had a little bit of v\u00f6lkerwanderung , followed by the merowinger and karolinger dynasties . 
  carolus magnus/charlemagne/karl der gro\u00dfe , who probably is the most noteworthy of them all . 
  hilarious read . 
  finland for the win . 
  i wonder if he aces the `` waiting at the busstop in just the right distance of each other '' ? 
  i was in sydney on anzac 2004 . 
  most beer i drank outside of europe ever . 
  fb wants you to stay locked in . 
  the reason beeing , the longer you stay the more advertising you consume . 
  therfore they feed you those posts of your `` friends '' first which are compatible to yours . 
  that is their algorythm . 
  i realised that some years ago , because it occured to me that i did n't see any posts by my conservative friends anymore . 
  those where still there but at the bottom and often overlooked by me . 
  yet i believe controversial views to be more interesting and meaningful . 
  one can learn from them , as one should not believe to be an all knowing deity . 
  reddit is better in this regard . 
  here we have the mods . 
  from my point of view they are as often right as they are wrong in regard to submissions they put down , yet it is far better than fb or other social media . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  i find italy particularly interesting . 
  lots of micro-breweries there . 
  i see your 3p coin comment and raise with the farthing, 
  habbi b\u00f6rschday suomi . 
  the german part usually starts in cologne . 
  from there either aachen to belgium to france , or mainz then trier to france . 
  in france https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_way and so on . 
  well for most of the ( west ) european part i suggest the jakobsweg . 
  https://da.wikipedia.org/wiki/jakobsvejen and https://da.wikipedia.org/wiki/rutebeskrivelser_for_jakobsvejene please show portugal some love and visit at least porto . 
  i miss the financial times deutschland .
