  does anyone know if there is a legal ? 
  reason not to be named in either articles or in front of the hague ? 
  very cool , and a very beautiful city by the way . 
  in germany criminals have to eat that kind of food . 
  [ karl b\u00f6hm ] ( https://youtu.be/541i-sj6xdk?t=836 )  kleiber  karajan, 
  til [ international women 's day ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_women's_day ) is the 8th of march . 
  so , congratulations ladies . 
  o_o do you stare as well ? 
  3 weeks ago u/acrasn asked on / r/askeurope if germans stare . 
  at the time i was like whaaat ? 
  now i believe that we do : /, 
  you are technically correct . 
  the best kind of correct . 
   i think the article explains it quite nicely . 
  google translation : 35 years ago the greenlanders voted to leave the european community . 
  for them it was worth it . 
  yet the country is still not totally detached . 
  whilst great-britain is discussing when and how it wants to leave the eu , one country can sit back and relax . 
  greenland has already done all this - and to this day there are no regrets . 
  the referendum on the withdrawal from the european economic community was held on 23 february 1982 without shattering the continent . 
  and greenland is ten times the size of great britain with a good two million square kilometers . 
  now , however , one has to admit two things : firstly , not even 60,000 people live in this huge area , in the united kingdom there are more than 60 million . 
  secondly , the membership of the arctic island in the predecessor organization of the eu was a mistake from the outset . 
  greenlanders had to bow to the danes . 
  on the one hand , because greenland is geologically and geographically more a part of america than of europe . 
  on the other hand , paradoxically , the greenlanders had voted against it by a large majority in the vote , which made them europeans at all . 
  this was 1972 , greenland was still largely ruled by a ministry in distant copenhagen . 
  the largest island in the world had become a danish colony in the 19th century . 
  because the majority of danes voted in favor of accession to the eec , the greenlanders ' vote was not significant . 
  they were dragged in the community , whether they wanted or not . 
  on the other hand , there was a protest in nuuk , the capital of the island . 
  the fishermen complained that the competitors from europe were now allowed to fish in their waters . 
  and the freedom-loving greenlanders , whose great goal is full independence from denmark , felt that it was an unfortunate affront to be forced to join the eec against their will . 
  when the danes granted greenland a little more independence , there was a popular vote on the greenexit , which in 1982 just nobody called it as such . 
  53 percent were in favor . 
  in the negotiations , how `` soft '' or `` hard '' the exit should fail , the decisive round took place in bonn . 
  there was no exit clause , as great britain nowadays has to use . 
  instead , the prime minister of greenland agreed with the then german foreign minister , hans-dietrich genscher , on the most important points : greenland remains , an important issue in the midst of the cold war , in nato , and agrees on a flat rate of fishing quotas in their fishing grounds for european fishermen . 
  in return , there is no tax on greenland fish delivered to europe . 
  cod , shrimp and the likes are the most important export goods of the island . 
  another compromise : the greenlanders have no voice in the european elections , but are legally citizens of the european union , similar to the inhabitants of former dutch and french colonies like aruba , curacao and new caledonia . 
  `` it could not have been any better for greenland , '' the political scientist ulrik pram gad from the university of copenhagen notes - not only to the confirmation of the independence of many islanders , but also to the economic consequences . 
  to this day , brussels is also transferring some $ 28 million a year to promote nuuk education , in addition to the license fees for fish trawlers from the eu . 
  that does not sound like much , but with a national budget of 900 million euros it is worth mentioning . 
  had greenland remained part of the eu , ulrik pram gad predicts that such aid would be out of the question because of the comparatively high income per capita . 
  presumably , the withdrawal made the relationship between nuuk and brussels even stronger , the scientist suspects , because the talks are now no longer negotiated through copenhagen , but can be managed directly . 
  this does not change the fact that in greenland 's budget the so-called block grant from denmark is the largest single item of revenue with around 440 million euro per year . 
  this is how much the small kingdom likes to spend on the big island , so that in foreign and defense policy they still have the say . 
  for the greenlanders a valid reason not to completely abandon all relations with the once colonial lords . 
  mmh ... maybe venice ? 
  permanent lease . 
  my country entered hardcore carnival-mode . 
  also called the 5th season of the year . 
  google translation : when it comes to the military , german politics like to move into the civilian world . 
  the most recent event is the vow of the nato partners three years ago to increase defense spending to two percent of gdp . 
  only four of the 26 european members have succeeded . 
  croesus germany is only 1.2 percent , but tells the friends that the arithmetic is unfair . 
  at the munich security conference , the chancellor resisted the `` petty discussion '' and then entered the very large one . 
  german expenditure on development aid and crisis prevention should also be included . 
  foreign minister gabriel was still `` more holistic '' . 
  he wants to credit `` 30 to 40 billion euro for the admission of refugees '' to the defense council because they are a `` contribution to the stabilization of the world '' . 
  let 's take a pocket calculator : a plus of 40 billion would double the military budget , and germany would percentage-wise be ahead of all other europeans . 
  a pretty piece of art . 
  america and england do more development aid than berlin , but they do not add this to the defense budget . 
  the fact that germany has received most refugees is , by way of example , generous . 
  to include such humanitarian services is , of course , a creative bookkeeping system , which must attract attention to our critical friends as an eyewash . 
  what 's next ? 
  the construction of highways and railways at home ? 
  why not ? 
  they can serve the fast troop shift . 
  investing in the internet ? 
  that accelerates the orders from the general to the troops . 
  so everything comes to the point of rearmament and absurdity . 
  or so : if you build a house , true to din and t\u00dcv , you still need a fire brigade . 
  development aid does not replace the ability to defend itself . 
  defending themselves the germans , who have cut the bundeswehr to one third , since the end of the soviet union , reduced their battle-tanks from 3500 to 250 , they can not . 
  a us feature magazine asked in 2015 : `` is germany 's military dying ? '', 
  proudly , the defendant refers to the battle group , which germany leads in lithuania . 
  this `` stumbling-wire '' but only works if there are behind them whole combat brigades , which can quickly move to the front . 
  the bundeswehr does not have those , and therefore they must invest massively in combat-preparedness , in order to sharpen putin 's risk-taking . 
  a start is done with a plus of eight percent for the military budget . 
  but this is only a ( laudable ) clack compared to twenty years of disarmament . 
  those who now offset the civilian with the military want to collect points in the atlantic propaganda campaign against trump ( which is okay ) but avoid the harsh strategic decisions . 
  those who mourn , in the trump / putin era , the loss of american reliability , must themselves become the source of deterrence through combat-readiness for nato 's eastern borders . 
  the germans have enjoyed security at discount prices for fifty years . 
  if they have to pay more now , this does not lead to a `` blind rearmament '' ( gabriel ) . 
  it is the correction of a once intelligible disarmament spiral , which the kremlin has perceived as an opportunity . 
  for this simple understanding , europe needs no tutoring from trump . 
  very good . 
  rather long . 
  but i would have missed out if i have n't watched it . 
  i like the video . 
  my criticism is about the target group . 
  allmost all of these kind of videos is by the `` young '' for the `` young '' . 
  yet , they are part of the demographic that is in favour of the eu anyhow . 
  the target-group should be aimed at the sceptics . 
  let 's say the generations 40 +, 
  more than enough for one person and two cats . 
  headstands of europe . 
  well , the article mentions the daily come and go tourists .
