yea , and he banned everybody who posted the statistics , what you just posted . 
  and you will be banned , just for pointing it out , you troublemaker . 
  i am not greek , i just live there . 
  i am from another european country , which economy might not be so `` good '' , but i feel so much safer walking the streets of it , than the countries you just listed . 
  if it is swedens choice to open borders and invite them all in under the flag of political correctness and the magical utopia of multiculturalism , then this is swedens choice . 
  if sweden realizes they have opened a pandoras box , this is swedens choice and problem . 
  simple as that . 
  finland  sweden, 
  you do realize this is a subreddit with the default language as english right ? 
  i want to comment on the subject , but i do n't want to be banned . 
  by saying this , it is not hard to guess what my comment would be on the subject . 
  yes , and when muslims discriminate gays , christians , women etc. 
  it 's not discrimination right ? 
  because it is their culture . 
  and when i critisize it , it 's discrimination . 
  did i get it right ? 
  being critical of religion and culture has nothing to do with ones skincolour . 
  opposing immigration has nothing to do with racism . 
  thats a lithuanian flag , so tallinn is not his capital ... 
  seems like a political move to screw him over tbh . 
  thats the point . 
  lol , delisted instead . 
  you are banned in 3 ... 2 ... 1 * merci *, 
  you want to make an omlet , you got ta break some eggs . 
  in the long run , the losses would be probably smaller if action is taken sooner . 
  note that this guy is allowed to boast this speech loud in microphone , in the 3rd holiest place in islam . 
  let that sink in . 
  i think it might be needed actually to get the point across and as soon as possible . 
  you wa n't to make an omlette , you got ta break some eggs . 
  the muslims need to show their true self , inorder for europe to act against it . 
  this is different . 
  what ? 
  no halal ?!, 
  this is an outrage !, 
  thanks merkel, 
  or you know , local homeless people maybe . 
  yes it is . 
  i know very well what is albania , just wondering what terms or reasons do they apply asylum on . 
  albania ? 
  * i think he is using a new tactic now to remove what he does not like to be seen . 
  just listing it as dublicate *, 
  seems to be working out fine for them so far . 
  id like to see those numbers as a comparisation between easter and western germany . 
  typical french-centred asshole behaviour . 
  nothing new here really . 
  geez ... like you almost wrote that post with some sharp sarkasm . 
  it really is not that great at all tbh . 
  u hav been banned from / r/europe for not posting this in le megathread !!, 
  oh yea , makes sense . 
  kind of funny too , does not deserve this amound of downvotes . 
  care to explain ? 
  haha , it 's funny because it 's true . 
  my noighbour on hki called cops on me for smoking a cigarette in my balcony . 
  in kebab maybe . 
  but we have decided about you , our 6 toed potato eating neighbour , 
  perhaps the map shows the sales of new cars ? 
  in that case it might make sense , there are a lot of new accords and civics on the streets . 
  good car for good price . 
  '' $ 400 takes you much farther in estonia than in greece . '', 
  no it does not !, 
  i am an estonian living in greece , and i can tell you for sure , that 400 eur gets me better time in greece than estonia ( tallinn that is ) . 
  everyday things ( rent , souvlaki , water/electricity bills ) are fairly cheaper in greece . 
  and bikes just push through wherever they can . 
  never understood the `` fear of unknown '' statement eighter . 
  in fact i feel as we know more about the `` unknown '' than liberal upper-class westerners . 
  can confirm , smoking right now next to the forbitten sign . 
  it is racist to cite muslims . 
  i do not remember . 
  ellaborate ? 
  yea , and as it says , he is from damascus . 
  perfectly safe right now over there . 
  you most likely start to find more creative and alternative ways to get by , like crime , for example . 
  lol , greece strong, 
  hmm , i wonder which one . 
  nagu ennist mainisn , on siin subis 500k subscriberit . 
  * like i said before , this sub has 500k subscribers . 
  these up and downvotes decide , what people want to see or talk about . 
  whether it 's pc or not . 
  if im not mistaking , there are also scripts running on the page , which filter certain comments made using accounts younger than 5 days . 
  you can censor all you wa n't , but it wo n't to any good . 
  this has been tryid before by one of the mods . 
  this is a very down to earth answer . 
  overall you seem to be a good add to the mods . 
  if people are calling critisizing islam racism these days , there is not much to add . 
  and pointing out any negative effects of non-eu immigration , is considered racism . 
  it really does not take much these days . 
  what are your thoughs on islamic presence in eu ? 
  this is a sub with 500k members , does it perhaps , cross your mind , that the current situation in eu , has maybe really made people skeptical of the future , rather than you have a vocal racist minority here ? 
  it could be less than 1 % , but it wont be less tham 10000 people . 
  100 extremists , are still too many . 
  if extremists are 1 % , then there is 100 extremists per 10000 people . 
  i would not say thats a tiny gruop of people . 
  `` would be like comparing all the white people kkk '' ... yea well , not really . 
  it is different . 
  i am not sure about the prison demographics in germany , but i am afraid he will have plenty of his own kind there . 
  what a surprise , eh . 
  exacly . 
  and the islamic law is considered above the state law . 
  this is also what actually seem to be . 
  the actual ( western ) turks from turkey i hang out with daily , do not seem like a religious kind at all .
