  i do n't know why i ca n't get my head around it . 
  is it britain + exit ? 
  cause the allies won the war . 
  that 's how things work . 
  yes but if the food situation is n't looking good muslims are allowed to eat pork ,, 
  remindes me of the welsh settlements in argentina http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/y_wladfa http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/patagonian_welsh, 
  i do n't know what i expected the accents to sound like , but i did n't expect them to sound like that . 
  would the people from one side of that town speak a different language from the other side ? 
  would it become closer over time ? 
  irish people have been the same position and we were treated like shite . 
  it 's a sense of humanity and shared responsibility for each other . 
  if me and my family had to flee our home i 'd hope that other nations and people would do the same for us . 
  also , syrian takeaway sound lovely as fuck, 
   i wish ~ ~ russia ~ ~ * everyone * did more cool stuff like this and less of the other shit ( the ~ ~ us ~ ~ * everyone else * too ) ftfy, 
  in the people 's republic of west belfast : yes = aye lad | schweet no = naahhh | fuck up would ye | make me order acknowledged = sure lad | aye sure | swazz | no borer lad, 
  okay , i never said otherwise . 
  in the north it 's the unionist/protestant parties that vote to keep abortion banned . 
  while ` ta ' is used here , i think most people would use ` yeah ' or ` aye ' . 
  i live in a big enough city but it 's truly daunting just how populated some cities are . 
  peoples ' republic of west belfast - police sirens , smicks and hoods going nuts , joyriders zooming around the place , kneecappings, 
  mate the troubles lasted far longer than the 60s . 
  [ flammkuchen / tarte flamb\u00e9e ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tarte_flamb%c3%a9e ) . 
  had in stuttgart when i was on an exchange years ago , it 's unbelievable, 
  no but he got funny hair lol !!, 
  fair enough , that 's an accepted fact , but so are most western nations . 
  i 'm fairly certain russia is n't providing aid to or supporting the kurdish separatists in turkey , apart from any indirect help that comes through the syrian kurds ( which you could argue loads of countries are ) . 
   russia is supporting seperatists in our country with full power . 
  do you mean the kurds or is there some other russian backed-separatist group in turkey i do n't know about it . 
  if you 're talking about the kurds , source that russia is currently backing them ? 
  sums it up like , do n't forget palestine and the basque country . 
  can moldavians get a romanian passport ( or maybe vice versa ? ), 
  like the way everyone in northern ireland can have an irish passport ? 
   you fail to recognize that the distinction would cease to exist if it were not for religion . 
  no it would n't . 
  irish people were looked down upon ( not just by the british but by other europeans , americans , etc. ) . 
  just look at the famine and the way that the british establishment reacted to it , [  ` the judgement of god sent the calamity to teach the irish a lesson , that calamity must not be too much mitigated . 
  ... the real evil with which we have to contend is not the physical evil of the famine , but the moral evil of the selfish , perverse and turbulent character of the people ' . 
  ] ( http://multitext.ucc.ie/d/charles_edward_trevelyan ) if the conflict and fighting ireland has seen was solely about religion then why are some of the most prominent irish republicans protestant ? 
  stormont was a racist government and the policies and laws enforced on the irish population of ni was n't done because they were mostly catholic it was done because of the simple fact that they were irish . 
  the troubles were n't a religious conflict , it was fuelled by ethnic tension , ideological differences and a struggle for equality . 
  sorry lad but you 're wrong . 
  the irish people were mistreated by the british rulers , they were denied basic rights and were constantly discriminated against all throughout the history of ireland . 
  it had nothing to do with irish people being catholic , is what about irish people being irish . 
  from the formation of northern ireland onwards , the irish population were subject to daily abuse , violence , brutality and were not given civil rights or liberties . 
  if you think the ira sprung up because `` mon get those hun cunts '' , you 're very mistaken . 
  so are most governments . 
  well some of us are n't yet lad . 
  do n't forget about us up here :(, 
  love that art style, 
  here lad , google search ` the troubles ' . 
  fuck , i must have just imagined pretty much all history about britain 's actions in ireland . 
  that 's actually class, 
  it would make it funnier instead of le epic british witty man, 
  not really . 
  i just think it 's silly to have the uk in that role since they 're guilty of as much shit as russia is . 
  why not a country that 's has n't done the same amount of bad things , like greenland or andorra ? 
  yeah cause the uk never done anything bad they 're the good guys, 
  my da bought the ulster scots bible and laughed at it every time he looked at it for about 2 months . 
  reminds me of brio for some reason, 
  estonia 's looks so weird . 
  looks like a wee model of a house you would 've had to make in primary school , the door frames actually do look like they 've been cut out of cardboard . 
  i think it 's because there 's 2 separatist movements in ni , so the biggest was chosen . 
  there 's only 1 for cornwall so it 's shown on the map . 
  cornwall can join us in the union of celtic republics anyway . 
  there were literal neo-nazis there . 
  nazis can fuck off out of belfast, 
  sure it 's in the same general direction, 
  aye i could but i really do n't have the time any more . 
  i 'd love to be able to speak irish , shame about it 's situation both north and south . 
  i think that 's true of people from most countries . 
  americans do it , british do it , japanese do it , etc. 
  you do n't learn about the irish famine either , probably because it did n't happen in your country . 
  no but he seen a video of a far right march in poland that mean they ebic and cool, 
   says the guy who shot down mh17 and killed +200 civilians . 
  i do n't remember putin personally walking into eastern ukraine and firing at the plane . 
  the symbol on the flag is very similar to the logo of the free wales army ` paramilitary ' , any reason for this ? 
  isis might be too resistant to the irish charm but i 'm sure other groups wo n't be so strong, 
  see if i got kidnapped by terrorists , i 'd whip out my irish passport and be like , `` yo lads , it 's not me yousens hate ... do us a favour and just let me go . '', 
  i 'm 89 % sure it 'll work . 
  nah cause the ra would knack isis 's ballix in, 
  aye but one of you has it on inside out, 
   if we did n't concern ourselves with such things as collateral damage that 's more like if someone shot you and you shot them as well as their neighbours . 
  ah right i get what you mean now . 
  belfast was n't just terrorists shooting and bombing people . 
  there was the army and police shooting at civilians , civil rights being denied , separatism , etc. 
  it 's just completely different, 
  i 'm not even saying it was worse or better but the whole situation was completely different . 
  it really is n't . 
  that 's a shit comparison . 
   uk 's security service and the police should be allowed . 
  what like the ruc ? 
  the force that colluded with and aided loyalist paramilitaries ? 
   it was idiotic of the uk to limit it 's actions to ni in the troubles and it would be idiotic not to do so in the future . 
  you obviously know fuck all . 
  could you imagine the state of things if the british armed forces , not content with shooting down innocent civilians in the streets , started bombing dublin ? 
  why are you acting like the troubles can be blamed solely on republicans ? 
  i ca n't tell if this is satire or not . 
   we have the best signit intelligence outside of america and overwhelming force of power . 
  if the full might of the british state was brought to bear the nationalists would n't stand a chance . 
  if they run off to country cork there is nothing the republic can do to stop our jets from taking out targets .
