  how much was it ? 
   some people up north resent the sami people for a variety of reasons would this be the same for other parts of sweden or would most people not really think of them often . 
   sd is critical of the special rights given to the indigenous sami people of northern sweden  sd wants to abolish the sami parliament why would they want to get rid of this ? 
  i have n't seen much communists and anarchists pissing on kids ? 
  i love pan 's labyrinth [ spain ] die welle [ germany ] is also a great film . 
  wow you must be pretty old then, 
  the independence part is n't complete yet . 
  well , they are . 
  n ireland is very different from england in a lot of ways . 
  you 're right that it originates from when ireland was in the uk . 
  kinda like how the harp is still on the queen 's coat of arms . 
  [ fun fact : there used to be tits on the royal coat of arms ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/cd/royal_arms_of_united_kingdom_%281816-1837%29.svg/878px-royal_arms_of_united_kingdom_%281816-1837%29.svg.png ), 
  just a heads up , the st patrick 's cross is n't the official flag of ni . 
  it does n't have it 's own official one so by default it 's just the union flag . 
  ah right , i was n't the guy who originally said it . 
  they just mean the british made a genocide out of a famine . 
   also no one is saying that the disease was created by the british no one thinks that . 
  people think that the british made the effects of the famine much worse than it could have been and pretty much turned it into a genocide . 
   when the flag is old , ireland !, 
  http://www.irishcentral.com/news/ulster-victims-campaigner-dubs-catholic-school-an-ira-training-camp-over-italian-flag-faux-pas-152014925-237448451.html very related, 
  sure eamonn de valera rode to london on the back of a horse to punch the queen in the jaw, 
  i do n't think they mean any harm . 
  it just annoys me when they start talking about irish history/politics as if they know more about it then irish people . 
  there 's no need to be such a dick, 
  lmao , an absolute classic joke, 
  surely the uk statistic is a bit off set because of the people in ni who would be irish rather than british . 
  -10 opinion, 
  they 're in nato too . 
  ireland should be red, 
  was n't he dressed as a police officer too ? 
  turkey is in europe and nato so it 's still relevant . 
  the brits were being dicks again, 
  well i 'm sure it 's not something that you can just do on a whim , it probably takes a lot of paper work and working with the government . 
   russian-speaking lithuanians, 
  you mean like how greece has had over the past couple of months/years ? 
  i left grammar school after i got my gcses and now attend a further education college and i 'm in an it course . 
  it student 3 . 
  getting a job i enjoy and can live comfortably on n dank memes . 
   `` you ca n't draw me , '' says muhammed . 
  did muhammed actually say that or did whoever wrote the quran say it ? 
  please notice the north senpai ireland, 
  there 's 15 locations listed for ni on the map , whereas there 's only 3 for spain . 
  if they had the entire uk , it would be impossible to see the ni film locations in detail ( too small ) , and most of it ( england , wales ) would be empty . 
  it 's not a big deal . 
   also cameron did n't win because he promisewd a referendum imo the conservatives only got 36.9 % of the total vote . 
  do n't forget everyone else who did n't vote conservative . 
  maybe the chiapas conflict ? 
  the 2 iras from the troubles are gone now . 
  it 's just some tiny groups left . 
  aye no problem , lad . 
  * aye no problem , lad . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/northernireland/comments/37cng4/eli5_the_situation_in_stormont_regarding_the/ westminster wants stormont to pass a new welfare bill , but stormont are n't complying since they need both nationalist and unionists to agree . 
  i could n't imagine many europeans would say it , but lots would recognise it . 
  probably because it 's an american thing . 
  not really . 
  it 's a devolved issue and it could be a disaster of westminster sets a precedent of forcing stormont to change laws . 
  that said , westminster might have to take control of ni rule soon ( for a different issue ) , it may happen . 
  lol what europe are you living in ? 
  i really hope it puts pressure on some parties in stormont to wise up . 
  a new contact lenses company . 
  i still think irish citizens but residents of ni should have been able to vote on it . 
  it probably would 've raised the yes vote too . 
  i 'd love to learn it . 
  i 'm still a bit annoyed my parent 's did n't send me to an irish language primary school . 
  sorry if we want to keep our language alive . 
  the two russian girls from 2014 were under the voting age , they could n't have voted for putin even if they wanted to . 
   admit that big business has been ruling europe with a steady hand for the last 40 years and it is not going to change and it is a barely a democracy . 
  i agree with you on this though . 
  i guess if you wanted to you could . 
  however it would be different from the insistences i mentioned because the country 's government was responsible for them . 
  on the other hand , sinn fein is n't the ruling party down south and never have been and you ca n't boo northern ireland because they do n't send contestants . 
  aye i was doing some reading about the transnistrian war ( and all the other de facto independent former soviet states ) and learnt romania sent arms to moldova . 
  should done some reading before i asked that question . 
  what about swinging around into romania and going over moldova ? 
  what 's romania 's relationship with russia like ? 
   european values does n't that just mean ` western values ' ? 
  there 'd be way to much countries hahaha, 
  would it have been fair to boo the uk 's contestants for the british army 's actions in northern ireland ? 
  what about serbia for the bosnian war ? 
  yugoslavia for the kosovo war ? 
  can we boo at australia 's singers this year because of the australian government 's treatment of aboriginals ? 
  can the isle of man not enter already since it 's not part of the uk ? 
  nah for france i 'd say that one about two people fucking . 
  * ninja edit * found it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3fa4loqfba, 
  yorkshire first ( uk ), 
   30 for mp 's -  mp 's you should n't be allowed to vote if you ca n't understand basic grammar . 
  seriously though , why would an age limit be a good thing ? 
  what would it accomplish ? 
  sounds like a rip off oxo cube . 
  naomi long rip, 
  here do n't forget your irish cousins, 
  ah yes , the fearsome irish colonial overlords . 
  it 's pretty hard when their countries were ravaged by colonialism . 
  all the time . 
  in primary school we used to see who could go the longest without stepping on one as a competition . 
  nothing really , but the same could be said for every answer in this thread . 
  he was being quite heavily downvoted a while ago . 
  i 'd like to the uk to acknowledge all of the horrific things they 've done to ireland and irish people . 
  british colonialism also affected britain 's european neighbours , e.g. 
  ireland .
