wow , never knew georgian writing looked like that . 
  til . 
   damn commies ftfy, 
  although i 'd like to see them kicked out , i do n't think it 'll happen for another good while . 
  however , if we get a united ireland , that would change the scenario . 
  yous still lost though did n't ya ? 
  and on an island right beside the uk , tut tut . 
  i love all the different colours that the houses have . 
  i have a feeling i 've been there before . 
  is that a picture of kerry by any chance ? 
  was this around the time were people had to pose for a long time to take a picture . 
  people just had natural expressions since it would hurt to smile for ages . 
  holy shit , i knew a lot of the kings were there but i did n't know it was that much . 
  what ? 
  the bbc is a great station . 
  yes , from m northern ireland . 
  i can get both a british passport and irish . 
  i chose to own and irish one but there 's no real downsides to owning either . 
  neither country taxes your income abroad , and it 's good i you get into a bad situation abroad and you have two passports . 
  i 'm in northern ireland , so i 'll try explain what it 's like here . 
  because of the troubles , there was n't much immigration to ni because of all the violence , etc. 
  this meant that there was no ethnic minorities to discriminate against . 
  and since most people were concerned with the divide between catholic and protestant , no one was really concerned about minorities . 
  nowadays after the gfa , the fighting 's stopped and the tensions have mostly died down . 
  this means there 's a lot more immigrants now . 
  most of the time , they 're treated very well , but sometimes ( mostly coming from the loyalist community ) they 're attacked , homes attacked , cars set on dire , intimidated , etc. 
  people view the minorities as ` stealing our jobs and houses ' or eroding the ` culture of northern ireland . 
  people also do n't really like the irish travelling community ( gypsies ) , because they usually cause trouble and do n't really okay the law and think their above it . 
  if a basque person went to madrid , for example , would they ever be discriminated against or would people treat you differently ? 
  just wondering since it 's kinda similar to the situation here in northern ireland . 
  it 's still a long way off , so i do n't need much info right now . 
  what 's the cost of living like in copenhagen ? 
  will it be easy enough to get a job with english/basic danish ? 
  there 's a danish course starting on duolingo in the near future , so if i do want to , at least i have a chance of learning before i get there . 
  thanks !, 
  i 've had a look online at the it university and at copenhagen itself . 
  the uni looks like i would like it , and the city itself looks amazing . 
  i 'm seriously considering it as a choice . 
  i 'm 16 , so i 'm about that age where i need to start looking for universities to attend . 
  thing is , i really want to get out of where i live right now , northern ireland , and ireland/the uk as a whole really . 
  i 've been looking online at studying in the netherlands , which has given me some good results , but i want as much information and suggestions as possible . 
  i can speak german fairly well right now , so take what you will from that . 
  i do n't mind having to learn a new language to get by in the country , but i 'm pretty bad at romance languages , so they might not be a good idea . 
  thanks , and ask if i should have posted some more information . 
  it 'll be an interesting situation if gerry adams is the pm of ireland . 
  i want a united ireland , but i do n't think it 'll happen soon . 
  to be fair , there 's not set definition of what is in europe . 
   baseball bat , a teargas canister , a hammer and a truncheon to mete out vigilante justice to the not-so-funny pranksters . 
  where the fuck do teenagers get teargas canisters ? 
  just saying , some scottish football fans might not consider themselves british . 
  lisburn , northern ireland . 
  it should n't be a city at all , up until a couple of years ago it did n't even have a hotel, 
  aye but are they taig norsemen or hun norsemen ? 
  are the dup not similar to fg/ff anyway , in terms of policies and stuff i mean ? 
  native americans ? 
  inuits up in greenland and newfoundland ? 
  i 'm trying to remember a place in donegal that i visited when i was a kid . 
  iirc the english translation was really weird because of a mistranslation , i think it 's near mount errigal . 
  there 's a ruined church and it 's right on a lake , have any idea ? 
  soda bread and potato bread/hash browns too, 
  haha !, 
  yes !, 
  we should not care about anything as long as it is not in our country . 
  anyone that says they care is lying !, 
  is there anywhere else in the eu/europe that has a prevalent nationalist/separatist attitude , apart from celtic nations and corsica ? 
  timbuktu is also used in english when talking about a remote place . 
  whats that thing in russia just above the letters ? 
  the rest of uk has certainly moved on from idiotic homophobia , but northern ireland still has a long way to go . 
   i 'm hungary for poland . 
  ftfy, 
  do you have any stats ? 
  the ridiculousness is what makes it amazing . 
  graham norton kicking the shit out of the french act would be amazing , all while delivering his dry , witty lines . 
  they were representing their country and her people , not russia 's government . 
  you could just hear all the smug french laughing coming from over the english channel ... * bloody cheese-eating surrender monkeys *, 
  since when did nation = government ? 
  it was pretty shitty that people booed . 
  people are always complaining that the show is too political , then this happened . 
  i get you mean , and it is n't the worse thing that could happen to someone . 
  but the girls worked hard to get there , they do n't have anything to do with ukraine or lgbt rights . 
  it must have been horrible for those 2 girls representing russia , but i 'm sure they were warned of something like that happening . 
  i think it 's a dotted line for every country other than ukraine and russia . 
  anyone know what happens when you access it from crimea ? 
  is n't it the case that the do n't knows end up voting for the status quo ? 
  so fuck if the greeks called it that ? 
  i do n't go around calling people named dennis dionysius, 
   gave northern ireland a referendum - both voted to stay . 
  i 'd just like to point out that it was boycotted by the sdlp . 
   let ireland have the north that would be a good thing for the uk . 
  the north is a drain on their resources . 
  how 's the brittonic and cumbric lessons going ? 
  yeah and while you 're at it kick out the norman descended people too . 
  do n't forget those saxon bastards either . 
  aye away fuck a queen, 
  so you 're telling me that the british army and the ira should be held to the same standards ? 
  aye fuck away off and fucka queen, 
  northern ireland too :(, 
  funnily enough , [ an island that had mammoths living on it until 2000bc ( the last to die ) is part of russia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wrangel_island#flora_and_fauna ) . 
  a lot of things to do with the troubles . 
  forget the towns and shit , just make it an 8 day long rave on a boat , have the most bangin tunes known to man blaring 24 hours a day every day , fireworks goin off in the background , polizei chasing on boats trying to shut it down , firing things at the cops to get them to go away , etc etc etc,
