  we 're hosting people against their will and we can not keep doing this anymore . 
  either the eu starts acting like a real community of nations who help each other , or there 's no reason for the eu to exists . 
  why would you even insult me ? 
  you should keep calm and maybe shut your mouth ? 
  anyway , i never said that mainstream history is wrong . 
  i just said that it 's written on the winner 's point of view , which does n't make it wrong . 
  again , that 's not what i said . 
  i said they 're not fascist as they believe they are , but instead they are just ignorants because they 're basically idiots , racists etc. 
  how would you call them ? 
  you `` accuse '' me of being fascist ? 
  oh god ... well , i 'd like you to know that i like to say that you communist eat kids ( dc dixit ) as much as i like to sing `` se vedi un punto nero spara a vista , o \u00e8 un prete o \u00e8 un fascista '' ( `` if you see a black spot , shoot it on sight , it 's either a priest or a fascist '' ) . 
  this clearifies what 's my political position . 
  i know you guys in naples are pretty fluent in italian , but other people here may not !, 
  ahaha a couple of mussolini statues do n't make them real fascists , in my opinion they just become more idiot and nostalgic about something dead in 1945 . 
  what you said can be true sometimes , but this may not be the case . 
  i mean , some of them might just have done all this because of racism , but i believe , even though i 'm not 100 % sure , that most of those family struggle to `` reach the end of the month '' with their salary ( i translated an italian expression , hopefully you 'll understand what i mean ) . 
  if you mix their desperation with the fact that the government ( therefore them , as they pay taxes ) paid for those houses and for all the furniture ( which apparently it was n't even a cheap forniture ) , then they might have been `` a little bit angry '' about that , resulting in what happened . 
  they cause problems because we do n't have enough money and police officers to take care of them as we should . 
  if everyone would take some of those immigrants , we all can control them better avoiding those problems and helping them to integrate better . 
  otherwise the idea of european union does not make sense and i 'd probably rather leave the eu and stay on my own , with my own economy , my own currency etc. 
  `` a fascist gang ( forza nuova ) stormed the refugee centre in the middle of the night , started a fire and stole furniture and food earmarked for the refugee . '', 
  to me , this sentence has a clear meaning . 
  instead of criticizing , read more about the news before you throw it in the middle of reddit . 
  no `` fascist gang '' , or anything like that , was involved in what happened in treviso . 
  the only ones who participated in this riot were those who lived in the neighbourhood where those immigrants were about to settle in . 
  gosh those * insert our_best_friend nationality here * always willing to write things about italy without even knowing what 's actually happening in italy . 
  oh , and excuse my language skill . 
  but i guess we 're on the same level . 
  you misinterpreted an entire article , which is more that just three words . 
  let 's see ... have you ever read 1984 by george orwell ? 
  under the dictatorship of the big brother everyone used to think that 2 +2 = 5 . 
  it was taught at school and everyone was 100 % sure about that . 
  does 2 +2 = 5 ? 
  no , 2 +2 = 4 always , beside what everyone thinks . 
  it 's just an example to say that they can call themselves however they want , and everyone can think of them whatever they want , but they 're not fascists and they 'll never be . 
  fascism died in 1945 with the sal\u00f2 republic . 
  `` members of the public '' does n't make much sense to me . 
  it seems like the public forces ( e.g. 
  the police ) burnt the furniture outside , which is obviously not true . 
  the news itself it 's pretty incorrect . 
  you should have written it way better . 
  is not about welcoming , i actually understand those people , even if i do n't justify their action . 
  immigrants cause many problems and sometimes ( please do n't say i 'm racist cause i 'm not , i 'm just stating a fact ) one of those problems involves the safety of those families living in the same neighbourhood . 
  i do n't even feel like blaming the italian government , the italian police or the carabinieri . 
  the eu needs to help us and host some of the immigrants that we have here . 
  just one consideration . 
  those who burnt the stolen furniture were n't from a specific party ( such as forza nuova or casapound as i read on previous posts ) but were people living in those appartaments where those immigrants were going to settle . 
  for 2014 the un and the world bank give two completely different standings . 
  it is therefore not certain if the us actually surpassed us . 
  ne segue ingovernabilit\u00e0 ed una serie di problemi associati . 
  all this supreme court judge said is that  the politicians have n't stopped stealing , they 've stopped being ashamed of it which is a matter of fact . 
  italy is indeed facing corruption on every level , from national to local , and this is something renzi 's government has no interest in facing , since its ministers themself have been found involved in some * uncomfortable situations * if you guys lived in italy , you would hear on the news a new politician , mayor , regional or national deputy , accused , inquired or even arrested for corruption or similar , but unfortunately that 's not known in europe . 
  yeah , but with no obligation they can * refuse * to do that , or the phenomena is smaller anyway . 
  but if 60 % of the people do n't care , then 60 % of the people may sell their vote or randomly pick someone, 
  in brasil they have the same obbligation . 
  the problem is , corruption . 
  people that do not really care about voting and poor people sell their vote to the politicians . 
  it 's a win-win situation for them , but is that really democratic ? 
  in italy that risk does n't exist either, 
  in italy we have the same problem , since netflix sold the rights for house of cards to sky italia before they actually came to italy . 
  thank god i moved to canada , here house of cards is available in different languages , one of those being italian . 
  i want to eat a lenin too :(, 
  gomblotto, 
  porcadiquellamadonnaputtanaediquelfigliobastardonatodanessunpadrechiamatoges\u00f9cristo , enough . 
  what he said is not stupid , even though donald trump is and most of the things he says are too . 
  this time , he got the point . 
  just accept it . 
  you 're wrong dude . 
  i am judging the opinion looking at the opinion itself , with no prejudice on who said that and why . 
  that 's how it works in general . 
  you 're saying that what he said it 's stupid just because trump said that . 
  that 's being an idiot . 
  not really, 
  first , i never said he 's intelligent , i said he said something intelligent . 
  second , you 're an idiot . 
  you ca n't consider an opinion stupid just based on whose the opinion is . 
  be objective or just shut up . 
  so apparently trump says also intelligent things, 
  kosovo is too small to make all the drugs you guys consume, 
  oh , so that 's where our mafia sells all their drugs, 
  i do n't know much about eastern europe in general tbh, 
  rekt . 
  i yelled that comment so i guess that 's a proof of its truth, 
  exactly that one . 
  - italy yes we talk with our hands but we do n't just stick with a single fucking sign , we have many of them and each has a precise context in which it should be used . 
  to be more specific that single sign everyone makes every time i say i 'm italian means what the fuck do you want/are you saying/talking about so stop it right now . 
  my apologies , mate . 
  maybe one day we 'll do with you what we did to ireland, 
  he actually played against spain, 
  why would we need to start insigne if we already passed the group stage as 1st ? 
  we did not * fuck up * . 
  we deliberately lost that game because we had to revenge on sweden . 
  everything else is just collateral damage . 
  of course !, 
  i apologize if it ends up being slightly long . 
  let me know if you have specific questions . 
  italian politics used to be bipartisan , with usually two main parties : * forza italia * ( center-right ) lead by berlusconi and a series of center-left parties , now the main one is the * partito democratico * , lead by renzi ( and others before him ) . 
  the problem with it , though , is that those parties could form a government only by creating a coalition with smaller parties . 
  this lead to small parties threatening the major one , following a stale where they ca n't really do anything and governments lasting on average around 1/2 years intead of the full 5 years cycle . 
  this just to give you an idea of what we have been facing in the last 20 years .
