might make sense, 
  oh well , that 's obvious . 
  but still , mafia is everywhere . 
  come on , mafia is an international affair . 
  i know it was born in southern italy , but now it 's just everywhere . 
  nope , the stereotype for romania in italy is that it 's a country of criminals . 
  seriously , romania in italy has almost 0 reputation . 
  [ damn man . 
  ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/216/924/4uw5.jpg ), 
  i love how crimea is still considered ukrainian here, 
  i 've always considered it a country of criminals . 
  i guess either of us must be wrong . 
  we all know what wtf means , do n't need to google that, 
  not a problem , we joke about northern europeans too , 
  i 'm from rome and everytime i go to the stadium i sing out loud songs against napoli and people from napoli . 
  italy : there are four main parties and a bunch of small useless ones . 
  the four majors are * forza italia * ( center-right ) , * partito democratico * ( center-left ) , * movimento 5 stelle * ( claims to be neither leftish or rightish ) , and * lega nord * ( used to be secessionist , now it 's just right ) forza italia : the leader is silvio berlusconi ( you have to know him even with no knowledge about out politics ) , no one really knows what 's their program but still people votes them . 
  partito democratico : the leader is current pm matteo renzi . 
  they have been doing some stuff while governing but their consense has been decreasing a lot in the last few months . 
  movimento 5 stelle : they do n't have a leader as they claim their leader is the italian citizens . 
  they want to radically reform the country in order to solve all the several problems we have such as corruption , mafia , increasing poverty etc. 
  will they be able to do so ? 
  know one knows , they seem to have the major consent in the country now but they still never reached the goverment . 
  lega nord : it used to be some kind of secessionist party that claimed the indipendence of the padania ( northern italy ) . 
  never obtained that and now they 're kind of leaving that program to try a more populist approach on topics like immigration and poverty . 
  it would be pretty fun to create a map like this specific for italy regions ... ... and find out that everybody makes fun of napoli . 
  i could n't open it , sorry . 
  well , after being under a nation , i would have chosen the same . 
  what country has such income ? 
  a colonized country left on his own wo n't suddently become politically awesome . 
  it 's obvious . 
  they either go back to the tribal society or someone needs to teach them democracy . 
  actually , i know sweden had some colonies in africa and america for a certain period . 
  nothing big , but still ... 
  well , the right price . 
  i probably wo n't do nothing with it , but you wo n't do nothing without it either . 
  and btw there 's a standard price for gold , silver and platinum , so you ca n't just barter with them . 
  man , try to understand what i 'm saying . 
  immigrants are a problem we need to solve , but if we become a real european union , you 'll still be irish , but we would all be richer and military and politically stronger . 
  ireland alone is nothing , italy alone is nothing , even germany alone is nothing . 
  us alone is strong . 
  we , united , are stronger than the us , stronger than russia , stronger than anyone . 
  united , we would n't even have such a problem . 
  oh god , i never said the eu is responsible , but the western countries . 
  most of them are so come on , give me a break . 
  our politicians corrupt african politicians so that their national companies can use their resources . 
  companies corrupt african politicians so they can work with no respect of the laws . 
  makes sense . 
  all african countries are some how politically messed , except for a few . 
  when you 're colonized you benefit of the colonizator commerce net . 
  when you 're alone , after you 've been colonized , you need to set a net by your own , and a messy political situation does n't help with that . 
  i said the western countries , basically meaning the `` first world '' . 
  hungary is part of the eastern countries , or the `` second world '' , or the ones that once were under the soviet union . 
  you 're not responsible for this , but still i think you want to solve this problem . 
  nope , you claimed that . 
  what i said is that all those resources made them one of the greatest empire in the world with great britain . 
  after that many things happened , such as civil wars , a fascist dictatorship etc. 
  which to them to today . 
  nope , ethiopia was colonized until 1947 ( not 1941 , as you previously wrote ) and got their indipendence from the newborn italian republic . 
  just stop , please . 
  that 's not always true . 
  but still , many things happened after the colonization , so your argument is poor . 
  you definitely get rich with natural resources , with any of them . 
  you 're right , but i prefer to change things in better instead of destroying . 
  you 're being egoistic right now . 
  the eu is a great opportunity for everyone to become the next us , we just need to think as a one instead of as 28 different countries . 
  not as poor as your . 
  thanks , finally someone who actually understands . 
  again , you can sell them and make a profit with them . 
  everyone knows how to use money right ? 
  maybe they did n't know how to use it , but they could sell it and invest in technologies with that profit . 
  i wo n't even reply anymore . 
  it 's like talking to a wall . 
  you can always leave the eu if you think you can survive alone . 
  still , they have enough gold to make pointless war , therefore they were rich . 
  of course it ended when south america got their indipendece . 
  still , they got colonized . 
  and there are no resouces there , which explains why they 're poor . 
  all those country that colonized are actually rich , or at least richer than those who did n't . 
  it was obviously also a geopolitical thing , but most of all an economical thing . 
  when spain stole those resources , it was one of the strongest empire in the world competing with the uk , another `` resources stealer '' . 
  oh and btw , ethiopia was colonized by italy , with eritrea and somalia . 
  and has no resource at all . 
  i do n't overestimate the importance of natural resources , for a country they are really important , otherwise there was no need to colonize them , right ? 
  that 's right , cause aztec , romans etc. 
  had no gold , diamonds etc. 
  right ? 
  and where did they take all that huge amount of carbon they needed during the industrial revolution ? 
  just from europe ? 
  stop being silly and open your eyes . 
  i hope you 'll get norther ireland back one day , but unfortunately that 's how it works . 
  you may have not colonized anyone , but you 're still part of the eu , which means that you 'll get the consequences of what those nations you named did . 
  look it this way , say that the eu is a family , if the father loses all the money at the casino , the whole family will suffer from it . 
  that 's just an example , what i wanted to say is that the moment you are part of the eu , unfortunately you have to share those things . 
  do you know who corrupts their politicians ? 
  western countries politicians and managers . 
  do you know why they 're weak and poor ? 
  because of the colonization . 
  it is not our fault as eu citizen , but it 's our previous governments one because what they did was brutal and unfair . 
  we need to accept that .
