  being a role model of a colonized africa is nothing incredible , and it 's obvious that their gdp stales after the decolonization . 
  the dublin treaty has to do with europe , therefore with mine and your country . 
  joining europe comes with both pros and cons . 
  accepting immigrants was part of the deal as it is for italy , greece , spain etc. 
  in fact west needs to fix that problem . 
  but accepting immigrants is not part of that solution , accepting immigrants is part of the problem . 
  i 'll make an example , so you can understand what i mean . 
  in 1978 , before the islamic revolution , in iran women could drive , vote , were n't obliged to wear the veil , and there were no hate or wars between shia and sunni . 
  after the islamic revolution , which was wanted by the us and the uk because they wanted to keep control on the iranian oil company ( which was nationalized by the iranian shah ) . 
  what were the consequences ? 
  well , iran today . 
  unfortunately , there 's no way the western countries can immediately solve the problem today , as years and years of useless wars have really fucked up the situation . 
  in my opinion now we need to step away from there with our soldjers and let civil people do what they want to do . 
  revolutions start from the people , not from the us . 
  oh , and that 's what you call `` raping western countries '' ? 
  check what happens every day in africa ( and other poor countries !, 
  ) , how many environments have been completely destroyed by oil companies because of gasoil pollution , how many people have died in mines , how many child are forced to work all day in factories instead of studying and playing with friends . 
  and you want to compare all this with some major companies that do n't pay taxes because those governments from those countries are dumb ? 
  you are the one who 's kidding me ... 
  i 'm from italy , we get overrun by thousands and thousands of immigrants every year . 
  99 % of the immigrants we `` welcome '' do n't even want to stay in italy , but we 're are forced to host them by the dublin treaty , otherwise we would have taken them directly to the country they want to go . 
  now , the day you became an eu member , you knew what eu was , what were your rights and what were your obligations . 
  it 's not a matter of former colonial powers , who caused what etc. , it 's a matter of all those immigrants that leave their country hoping for a better life in europe , and hungary , as part of europe , has to help . 
  be aware that noone bought those resources , we conquered a country ( wars , many civilians dead etc. ), 
  and used them for free . 
  that 's not fair to me , even if it took us to what we are today . 
  it 's not a counter-example , a counter-example would be a country who benefits from its resources and still is very poor . 
  who cares if they do n't benefit from them ? 
  it 's not a good reason to steal them . 
  i do n't know where you 're from , but i 'm not talking about you or your children , i 'm talking about governments . 
  put it this way , portugal and angola may have a perfect relationship . 
  portugal , though , `` stole '' angola natural resources , resulting in angola being poor . 
  sweden and hungary may have no fault , but that 's not the problem . 
  they need to be overrun by refugees because immigration is an european problem and , as long as they 're part of the eu , they 're required to help . 
  everybody who ? 
  the usa ? 
  the uk ? 
  france ? 
  italy ? 
  nope , so do n't say non sense . 
  well , if we bought their gold and diamonds instead of taking them for free because you colonized them ... 
  i do n't think they would be so poor now ... and i do n't think we would be so rich too . 
  stop acting so naive , it 's obvious that is mostly our fault if they need to immigrate for a better life . 
  i mean that even after the colonial era ( which left africa in absolute poverty ) , africa is been abused by western companies , such as the oil ones etc. 
  immigration is happening for one and one only reason : the west . 
  for too many years all the western countries have been literally `` raping '' africa to get its resources and destroying the middle east with several useless economical wars . 
  that 's the problem and the solution is actually as easy as it seem : we need to stop this . 
  why do n't we reunite the roman empire then ? 
  cause you 're not roman ahaha but yea parmigiano is too good, 
  i 'm from rome and , even if we do n't have as many kind of cheese as in northern italy , we a couple really good ones : ricotta romana and pecorino romano . 
  in particular the pecorino romano is very used in rome as the parmigiano with some typical roman pasta such as carbonara , for example . 
  by the way , as roma is the soccer team ( www.asroma.it ) . 
  the eternal city is just called roma ( or rome , in english ) . 
  germany : die welle ( the wave ) france : le fabuleux destin d'am\u00e9lie poulain ( am\u00e9lie ), 
  it seems to me that you like to talk without knowing anything about the topic . 
  operation * mare nostrum * saved thousand and thousand of immigrants and has been considered by everyone as an example to follow in these kind of operations . 
  france started the war in libya , at that point we were kind of forced to participate . 
  wo n't even reply to this . 
  i 'll just say one thing : people like you deserve all the worst things in life . 
  that 's true , but keep in mind that immigrants are not only from the midde east . 
  both middle eastern and african people are so desperate that they 'd risk their life to get to a richer country rather than keep living where they are . 
  we 're paying for many mistakes all the western countries did . 
  now it 's time to step back from the middle east and stop profiting by africa . 
  that 's the only way we can stop this problem . 
  you think it 's a dumb idea cause you 're dumb . 
  i hope one day immigrants will find a way to reach your ( subject ) country directly so that you 'll understand what we feel . 
  a newspaper secretly leaded by pd ... what an accurate source . 
  it 's pretty like reading la padania or la stampa . 
  i 'm sorry but because casapound was in rome it does n't mean that they also were in treviso . 
  i really like your solution , but it will only save life to those few who deserve the refugee status . 
  all the illegal immigrants ( most of the people who today tries to come to europe ) will still try to come illegally , risking their life on a boat . 
  well , after 450kg of explosives destroyed our diplomatic office a week ago in egypt maybe it 's not a bad idea to protect our pm more that usual ... 
  because `` real fascism '' demonstrated to be more than just racism and nationalism , which is all those pseudo-fascists are made of . 
  berlusconi has been italy 's most voted politician for 20 years or so , this does n't make him a good politician . 
  i tried to explain what i meant and you replied that a novel is not enough . 
  what else can i say ? 
  you 're forcing me to believe that because if you could read just a little bit through the lines you could understand what i meant to say . 
  it does n't matter what they think of themself , or even what people think of them . 
  they 're pseudo-fascist , which does n't make them fascist but just some stupid people that pretend they are . 
  i may agree that it 's apology to fascism , but still it 's hard to claim they actually are . 
  it may help , but it wo n't solve the problem as those who get their refugee request refused will try to enter in an illegal way just as it 's happening now . 
  oh , then your source is a declared leftian newspaper . 
  fair enough . 
  ok , i 'm forced to believe that you 're too stupid to understand what i meant to say . 
  never mind , i tried . 
  you should have continued instead , what he said makes totally sense . 
  i do n't care what 's your reason for being in the eu . 
  being part of the eu has his own pros and cons . 
  you either take it all or leave it all . 
  http://ilmessaggero.it/primopiano/cronaca/incendio_mobili_profughi_palazzine_quinto/notizie/1468838.shtml that 's my source , what 's yours ? 
  trust me we 're on the same level . 
  finally someone that actually thinks with his own head and it 's not blinded by old-fashioned ideologies . 
  thanks . 
  here 's your answer . 
  probably they heard of what happend and showed up the next morning to support their action . 
  seems legit but i understand that , being communist , you have an attitude towards those pseudo-fascists . 
  if we actually want to fix the problem , we need to stop all those wars in the middle east . 
  it does n't work like this actually . 
  immigration is not just an italian problem , immigration is an european problem that we are taking care of . 
  most of the immigrants , almost all of them actually , do n't even want to stay in italy but want to reach other countries such as france , germany or the uk , just to mention three of them .
