i should move to norway , just look at it almost same price as in cz , but their salary through the roof . 
  hey we also fought for ^ six ^ days ^ only ^ but ^ nobody ^ has ^ to ^ know . 
  well its not wrong but freud , and even kafka were n't 100 % czechs especially freud born into german family , and kafka wrote in german i think so yea this is pretty bad statistic . 
  texas and nebraska what , im off too read something about nebraska . 
  our mistake we gave our crown to hapsburg , their king promised to leave religion alone but you know what happens when someone promises something well and battle of mohacs happened . 
  in place of allies should be czechoslovak legion . 
  yes all protestant had to convert to christianity some left some converted , but it did n't work exactly they survived even today you can find them , communism happened and then 90 and we are here . 
  summary lots of people died because of religion 30 years war best example we lost 30 or 40 percent inhabitants of bohemia crazy . 
  czechs were pro austria-hungary reasons we developed austro-slavism basically austria would defend us from new empire that was germany on the west and russia on the east until one point where sudetenland wanted to separate from czech lands ( this was during austria-hungary ) and our future president t.g.masaryk said that austria-hungary lost its purpose and that is defending its people ( basically he was mad that historically czech land sudetenland would separate from czech republic , bohemia ) also austria-hungary was controlled by german empire more and more especially during 1 . world war . 
  also kinda funny how we were pro austria and then we gave it final blow first president of czechoslovakia , convinced us president woodrow wilson during the first world war that the slavic peoples of austria need to be liberated , leading to the promulgation of the fourteen points , and ultimate dissolution of the former austrian empire . 
  kind of interested why not rather germany . 
  but arent germans and japanese in the same boat as us ? . 
  we got 2 nuclear power plant they are both operating under 50 % so do you want one ? 
  we got too much energy we are just exporting it . 
  nah americans will take them as is tradition . 
  czechia numba 9 i repeat czechia numba 9 . 
  honest question is n't this normal in europe ? 
  you know these towns i 'm kind of used to this just normal stuff nothing exciting . 
  meh these commie blocks had lifespan of 50 years i think , guess what technology came and increased lifespan . 
  gib germoney plis then we will tear down all communist buildings you want . 
  edit : we have so much buildings that needs renovations even churches , in my town we got one church and its in sad state really . 
  yea and i will be what 50 maybe 60 years old great really . 
  you mean romania ? 
  lol, 
  this dude i remember him but that english is just so bad after time its hard to listen to his voice , but content is really good . 
  only problem is russia thinks nato will attack them , also these nazi dont have real power what is problem is that another oligarch showed up nothing changed thats sad for ukranians . 
  i get you but we shouldnt close our eyes , just because they arent in eu im not saying lets become world police but at the same time we cant tolerate these things . 
  so its not our buisness if britain will take another part of your country ? 
  all british have to do is just get british citizens further into ireland and then they will be like we want to be part of united kingdom . 
  yea but answer isnt removing sanctions , also putin doesnt seems to care for well-being of his citizens . 
  eastern slovakia is not so hot also gypsies there 's lot of them in slovakia . 
  i was asking why is prague moderate which is weird i would say . 
  i always look forward to these graphs its just nice you know . 
  even bratislava is strong innovator can someone tell me what is with prague ? 
  did sudetenland germans have dialect ? 
  prague still does but , yea i 'm also sad so much architecture got destroyed for nothing . 
  funny i always assumed you were best post-communist state . 
  austria , germany or switzerland one of these three but , switz . 
  all hands down . 
  also teach pls commas . 
  so hungarians can into slavs ? 
  would be interesting too see gdp of czech lands without slovakia during first czechoslovak republic it was same as today italy north/south . 
  will britain leave or stay ? 
  czechia can into we, 
  why should we accept refugees when they will mostly bring problems ? 
  i know solidarity but look at all the problems west has . 
  im just divided on this mattersnd dont know what is good decision . 
  spain is higher than finland that looks wrong to my eyes . 
  or norway wat is that like rly, 
  we stronk . 
  problem with refugees is that some of them have problem to integrate so we should check them and leave only those which will say that they will integrate into european society . 
  and compare czech gypsies and czech vietnamese , people from other side of the planet managed to integrate whilst gypsies form half of our prisoners they account for 2 % of population . 
  today germany is the good guy and this piece of news means that they will be dependent on netherlands , norway and czechia in case of cz we will with germany share planes maybe so this means they will depend on us and how will this give germany more power ?? 
  they dominate economy the most important part the rest is n't so important . 
  thank you and kind of surprised you know it plus slovakia industrialized during communism at least we did something italy did n't manage to do . 
  and this is reason i 'm kinda glad we did n't accept redistribution of refugees , but we should still help should it be financially or through personnel and lastly we have gypsies and they are group which did n't integrate greatly and compare them to czech vietnamese which integrated greatly . 
  add sigmund freud what was he ? 
  german , austrian , or czech ?? 
  how do you view gypsies and muslims ? 
  with problems they represent a lot of time i hear we should help them integrate but if they would strike to integrate there would n't be problem look at czech vietnamese most hard working people they came later than gypsies and muslims compared to we and they are integrated problem is n't at our side so why should we do their job . 
  i 'm open to discussion maybe i just see this in bad light but compare some ethnics and you have answer . 
  but did n't ireland cheat ? 
  industry 4.0 is seen as our big chance every branch in cz is preparing for that . 
  cz is thankfully safe from emigration we gain more than we lose only problem is brain drain . 
  anyway i wish best luck to your nation and those which are losing population since it will be big problem in the future . 
  we got 2 feels good man . 
  moravia that 's your long lost brother do n't you remember , bohemia is the beer bro . 
  i would like so much if they would raise budget of esa , my country should contribute more but we are kinda poor still . 
  edit : what did i wrote haha i was probably really tired, 
  same thing whith czechia books were stolen during 30 years war, 
  but no so sure if i should be happy i mean yes investment but czechia needs to diversify economy and we kind of do n't need it portugal or other states would need it more . 
  that was the reason why our king invited them to settle border because czechs were settling inland . 
  look up last president candidates of czechia then you will understand but in short last round it was 2 dudes our current president and the other one then they started to talk about bene\u0161 decrees and that 's where it went down the other dude did n't completely agree with them and so he lost end . 
  wow this is good i did n't expect good result or high . 
  also this time poland guess who will have higher wage growth . 
  yes why ? 
  we already got beer but rum for moravian 's as a gift would n't be bad . 
  i beg to differ, 
  why do people even delete their account ? 
  its pretty simple christian party has consistent voters and current coalition rather teamed up with them than previous government party . 
  last election christians got 6.78 % of votes so yea . 
  you know what is funny we are one of the most atheistic nation in the world and guess what catholics are in government ( they are part of coalition and they block these things ) . 
  our secret is our national bank prints money to increase inflation so there goes that . 
  kind of surprise considering how they painted hungary with orb\u00e1n and czechia with zeman , but bulgaria is most surprising for me also finland , but i kind of get it . 
  well well its 2016 do n't forget . 
  people still vote them easy but funny thing happened leader of ano babi\u0161 took communist vote by big margin . 
  getting rid of nuclear energy is not the best move i would say austria is good example they got rid of it and now they import cz electricity from nuclear plants . 
  now i feel bad for greece . 
  cmon kick in growth greeks, 
  yes this is great . 
  we start sooner at 6 or 7 , and recently bilingual schools became very popular . 
  you germans and your words which are just another words jumbled together . 
  but i like it so keep doing it . 
  in united kingdom you do n't have mandatory second language ? 
  i 'm learning german but you know through one ear and out the other one . 
  i hope we do n't lag behind poland , and slovakia . 
  obviously if we had wage 0 $ then yes but average is 847 $ net monthly in cz this gives enough space to see how we are equal . 
  there is one explanation cz is poor but extremely equal to put it into contex we have least people threatened by poverty after denmark standing at second place and this idex is made on equality on which we excel we are better than nordic countries . 
  how legit is this ranking because you know we are higher than france . 
  in germany wages also stagnated but that was the decision of german state .
