the fact that it is on the official rt youtube channel might be sufficient . 
  in case of rt that 's pretty much what it means . 
  calling it ` greater bavaria ' and making stuttgart the capital ? 
  bavarians will never accept that . 
  this is never going to work . 
  for my phone i use the simple rss widget . 
  that 's really all it does and it only needs very basic permissions . 
  but all you get is one long list of articles , so if you have a lot of feeds that you do n't want all jumbled up together it might not be the right choice . 
  [ there you go ] ( http://www.reuters.com/tools/rss ) you know , you could have just googled that . 
  i 'll let you find the bbc link yourself . 
  almost every website that periodically publishes new content has an rss feed . 
  so no , there 's no comprehensive list . 
  if you tell me what topics you are interested in i might be able to help you . 
  depends , what are you interested in ? 
  it would be stupid to clutter your rss reader with feeds who all bring the same news . 
  bbc and reuters already have a pretty big overlap , but i want both because bbc is slightly more eurocentric and brings eu news that reuters would n't think important enough for their world news . 
  for what i call my ` glance reader ' [ on my phone 's home screen ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lpyvz3g.png ) i have reuters , bbc and a german newspaper . 
  i glance at it when i have downtime during the day , scroll through the headlines and read an article here or there . 
  it 's just to stay informed throughout the day . 
  the reader on my desktop ( i use www.netvibes.com ) includes reuters , bbc , two uk newspapers , three german newspapers , three israeli newspapers , two us newspapers and a couple of blogs with differing topics ( from security to fashion ) . 
  that 's for a more thorough overview . 
  i 'd suggest to have reuters or bbc or both for news , add at least one newspaper from your home country ( better 2-3 to get all political viewpoints ) and then just whatever you are interested in . 
  here 's the thing : there is no publicly accessible discussion forum for news that does n't inevitably attract trolls and people who have no idea what they are talking about . 
  news is like politics or the economy , everybody reads about it and thinks he knows everything . 
  but that 's not true . 
  and without deeper knowledge of the subject , you ca n't discuss news . 
  because news is just news , it 's the bare minimum of information on an given topic/incident . 
  this is especially bad on the internet , where literally everybody can spout bullshit and find someone who has the same opinion . 
  it 's funny to me how now so many people suddenly think they know enough about the ukrainian situation to discuss it in-depth when all they did was read some news articles . 
  if that 's all it takes to understand politics and conflicts , why did i go to school for years to get a b.a. 
  and an m.a. 
  in political science and conflict studies ? 
  i could have just read the papers !, 
  if you want a discussion , do n't discuss news on reddit . 
  read additional articles written by people with actual knowledge . 
  they will be longer , more detailed and often dry , but that 's just what academic writing is like . 
  there 's a myriad of magazines , blogs and journals out there staffed by people who have actual qualifications that exceed `` can read '' and `` is able to use reddit '' . 
  those are the people you want to listen to . 
  if you are really lucky , you 'll find a website where even the comments under the article are worth reading . 
  but that is exceedingly rare . 
  have you tried getting your news from actual news sources ? 
  get an rss reader , add the bbc world news and reuters world news feed and you are set . 
  because it 's not true . 
  it 's not that they are better , but it shows how far acceptance of homosexuality in their country has come and that 's a good thing . 
  mostly because she represents germany . 
  if he tried to generalize ` people who kill bodyguards and want to kidnap ambassadors ' , then i think ` savage bastards ' is spot on . 
  pm me here adress , i 'm in tel aviv right now and postage is dirt cheap . 
  bavaria checking in . 
  it 's a stupid idea and you overestimate u.s. influence in europe . 
  then stop the bitching and throw up on your own feces like a proper englishman !, 
  flush before you vomit ? 
  it 's not a question , it 's a greeting in the form of a question . 
  you just say `` i 'm good , thanks '' and go on your merry way . 
  it 's not that hard . 
  do n't bitch about other people 's cultures ... 
  so men in tights bending over and slapping each other 's ass is n't gay ? 
  interesting . 
  yeah , never saw that ... but it used to be the norm ~ 40 years ago in the heyday of the raf, 
  we still do n't have marriage equality in germany , we should n't be making fun of other countries who do n't . 
  racism ( plural racisms ) 1 . 
  the belief that each race has distinct and intrinsic attributes . 
  the belief that one race is superior to all others . 
  prejudice or discrimination based upon race . 
  what else should it mean ? 
  peace of mind ? 
  because he 's dead instead of doomed to die in prison ? 
  that 's just stupid . 
  additionally , modern justice is n't about bringing revenge to those wronged , but about punishing those who did wrong . 
  what the victims think is highly irrelevant in that scenario . 
  yes , for any crime . 
  how would killing someone instead of having him rot away in a jail cell make the world a better place ? 
  how would it be a better punishment ? 
  would it bring anybody back to life ? 
  no , it just adds guilt . 
  because death is never a fit punishment for any crime . 
  it 's inhumane and goes against the most basic human rights . 
  in addition , it 's irreversible and more expensive than a life sentence . 
  wait , for you to be racist bavarians would have to be a different race oo, 
  are you really comparing genocide to self-defense ? 
  that 's fucked up . 
  seriously . 
  exterminating an entire people is always wrong . 
  there 's a reason the death penalty is abolished in the majority of the civilized world . 
  germany after the war posed no threat to anybody . 
  the thing is , germany was always very fragmented and hast strong regional cultures . 
  as long as i can keep on being awesome ( meaning bavarian ) , i really do n't care if it says austria or germany or czech on my passport . 
  if they get rid of swabia and franconia , even better . 
  there is no strong german identity . 
  we kinda had that prior to 1945 , but after that patriotism was just dead . 
  we never really picked it up again ( except when there 's football . 
  but with munich being czech , even they could play competitive ) . 
  it 's both genocide , so yes , it is the same . 
  you had your chance in 1941 , now it 's too late . 
  that really depends on how you define availability . 
  if you do n't live next to someone who has chicken , chances are that eggs from the supermarket are the freshest available to you . 
  every single country listed is way safer than detroit , 
  that is a quite common sentiment among greeks ( at least what i can tell from my experiences on the interwebs ) . 
  they seem to have a hard time acknowledging their own mistakes and often want to shift blame towards the eu or some other international actor , who somehow forced their once great country into this crisis . 
  often coupled with a lot of nationalism and hints at the accomplishments of ancient greek philosophers and scientists , indicating that the world somehow owes them for what some of their ancestors did over 2000 years ago . 
  the fun thing is , the same class of submarines works flawlessly when used by the german navy .
