the uk is very strange with church and state . 
  de jure , britain is a theocratic monarchy . 
  the crown is the head of state , and the crown is , supposedly , chosen by god . 
  the crown is also the head of the anglican church , the national church of the country . 
  for all intents and purposes , the uk is a protestant nation with anglicanism as it 's religion , not secular . 
  however , de facto , the uk is a very secular and largely democratic constitutional monarchy , where the crown actually controls about as much power as the mayor of london , that is to say none bar ceremonial appearance and looking fancy with a new baby . 
  the crown is largely a traditional heritage than any form of political power in parliament . 
  the crown can dissolve parliament at any time , by law , but to do so would cause a constitutional crisis ( despite our lack of an official constitution , technically we still have one , just unwritten ) and only the crown can swear a parliament into office and has ultimate veto power on any bill they like . 
  however , very few times in history has the monarch ever actively vetoed a parliament . 
  the church itself has little power in politics . 
  there are some clergymen of the anglican church in the upper house , as well as lords and other aristocrats , but the upper house of parliament is also quite lacking in real power , unlike in many presidential democracies . 
  the upper house can send a bill back to the lower house if they do not like the contents of a bill . 
  however , if the bill is passed by the lower house 3 times , but vetoed 3 times by the upper house , it 's simply passed up to royal ascension ( the queen ) completely ignoring the upper house . 
  since the queen and upper house are all appointed , and not elected representatives , they hold little to no power so ultimately , the uk has rather full separation of church and state , as the church of england largely follows the laws of the government . 
  if anything , the church is more a branch of the government than an independent organisation . 
  i 've never ever heard any high ranking british politician talk about their religion at length during political campaigns or while discussing laws . 
  even during the debate on gay marriage , only the most extreme of mps used religion to oppose it . 
  most simply talked of the traditional ideas of marriage or simply did n't feel positive of the idea . 
  most of the main party leaders and cabinet members , however , fully supported the bill , such as david cameron and nick clegg . 
  so religion plays little to no part in british politics , except where ceremony and tradition are involved , in which case it 's a gravely important part of the culture . 
  but even in wales now , christianity is tipped to be banned from schools as the only religion taught , which has chilling foreshadowing for the place of religion as a whole . 
  even demographically , christianity may be the majority religion , but there 's a far larger majority of non-practising christians than practising , so in theory , christianity is actually on a large down-curve . 
  then they 're stuck between a rock and a hard place then , for the time being . 
  i 'm just concerned for the human impact of these measures and crises , how many people are going into poverty because of bad decisions and worse outcomes ? 
  a new drachma would definetly be a shaky place for the greeks , but historically speaking new currencies can really revitalise economies . 
  when germany was having post war hyper inflation , the rentenmark introduced by the stresseman government actually worked wonders for the german economy because of it 's reliance on land value and not gold , which made it a safe economy to invest in and a valued currency . 
  i 'm not saying that greece 's only option is simply to take back the drachma , more over i 'm not saying doing so would automatically doom the country . 
  poland , scandinavia and britian are all examples of eu members with non-eurozone currencies that are improving and getting stronger , yet if somehow greece can reform itself effectively and as effeciently as the rest of the balkans , post soviets or scandinavians , it can easily bring it 's economic state to austrian , hungarian , italian situations . 
  however its a long uphill battle for the greeks , and the current austerity measures dont feel like they 're enough to solve their problems . 
  well , you do have a point . 
  but suffice it to say , the austerity measures imposed are pretty harsh , and not at all what the people voted their party in to do . 
  while no vote can ever instantly end economic crisis , it certainly showed that the majority of the greek people , essentially wanted to leave the eurozone , and yet greece is still in . 
  maybe by taking these measures greece will improve , but austerity is increasingly becoming a short term method of economy . 
  it always has been , it just pushes problems further down the line for someone else to deal with . 
  if europe is to succeed it needs more comprehensive economic schemes that will work to improve every region in europe . 
  though i wholeheartedly agree , the corruption , bad labour laws , tax evasion and pathetic public sector all need to go . 
  greece needs something to shake it up , but i 'm not sure how well just giving them loans and more austerity measures will cut . 
  the mere fact that there are so many anti-austerity movements across europe shows that it 's a very unpopular and dying economic system . 
  and to be fair , poland is in the east , and has succeeded in the eu without ever joining the euro , now it 's one of europe 's fastest growing economies and a beacon of prosperity in post east bloc europe . 
  is it perfect ? 
  god no , it 's corrupt and bureaucratic as fuck . 
  but it 's getting better , partly because of eu markets and laws , but also because of it 's own fiscal and economic power . 
  i 'm not saying the euro is a lost cause , but it needs some reform if it wants the weaker economies to stay part of it . 
  and that 's my annoyance . 
  either way it 's a bittersweet thing . 
  of course i 'd far rather be inside the eu than not , but i 'd rather have more of a say inside than we do already . 
  in my view reform is needed unilaterally for europe to work as it should . 
  i 've found myself at a crossroads with europe . 
  i 've been lurking around this subreddit for a few good weeks , soaking in all the info about the eu and greece and russia and so on , learning more and more about the `` continental system '' as it were . 
  now i 'm british , and i 'd like to think i 'm a bit of a liberal socialist . 
  i 'm a strong believer in the duty of the state for the people and so on . 
  at the same time , i think the idea of the eu , what it stands for in terms of equality , liberty and brotherhood is a legacy to behold . 
  the true heir to rome , charlemagne and napoleon rests somewhere in this mish-mash of bureaucracy , but honestly there are some things that i do n't think hold up to scrutiny . 
  the whole dealing with greece felt so much more like punishment than support , even though the greek govt wanted to work to make greece better than it has been for a long time . 
  it certainly feels as if the north of the eu , ie france and germany , want very little to do with the south . 
  a lot of my issues come with the single currency , or more importantly , the lack of a fiscal union . 
  that also highlights the biggest issue i have with europe , that it 's representation is shocking . 
  the greek people vote to get rid of austerity ? 
  here 's more german imposed austerity . 
  who 's the president of the commission ? 
  hell if i know , but i do know no one here voted for him . 
  or can we vote for them ? 
  what electoral power do we have ? 
  it 's all too unclear and shrouded in laissez faire economics and a general lack of direct or representational democracy that it 's no wonder there 's so much disillusion with europe . 
  in two years time , i want to vote for europe . 
  to stay in . 
  but honestly , i 'm not sure what i 'm voting for . 
  am i missing something ? 
  i know the eu has done great things , such as the human rights act and the general victory of annihilating the chances of another european war tearing up this blood soaked continent again . 
  and there are parts of the eu which i really think symbolise the idealism that this continent has always dreamed of , a united europe for the people of europe , but right now it all stinks of disappointment and austerity . 
  a lot of people recently have been suggesting that the eu needs to integrate more , be more federalised . 
  i 'm gon na have to say i 'd be all for that , if it 'd work . 
  and if , only if , i get shown some how that we 'll feel represented . 
  tl ; dr , there 's a whole mess of issues that i have with the eu , especially austerity and the german dominated economy , and i would n't wan na touch the euro with a barge pole considering it 's issues , but i still love the idea of the eu . 
  what should i do as a uk voter ? 
  please educate me !, 
  do you ... do you even know how demographics work ? 
  or ... geography in general ? 
  have you purchased a book in the last 5 years ? 
  this is what happens when you abolish the liberum veto poland !, 
  vote for a return to nobel democracy , elective monarchy , and golden liberty !!, 
  well if we shit on blair , thatcher may feel left out !, 
  for the uk , it 's a mix up between cromwell , who threatened to plunge the uk into decades of theocratic opression under a puritan state , or bloody mary , who of course burnt many , many people . 
  if shakespeare 's to be trusted , richie 3 , but i doubt bill had a fact checker on that one  other than that , british politics has been regrettably dull and reserved . 
  most people we killed were french lets be honest . 
  i 'm always surprised when people say immigration will cause the end of nations and national identity . 
  why do you think people move to countries ? 
  because they 're maliciously trying to end that identity ? 
  or because , like my own fucking mother for instance , they 're saying `` my country is so unbelievably shit in every way , but hey !, 
  what if i become british ? 
  then i could earn enough to actually have a decent life instead of being in a communist hell hole . '', 
  i 'd say it 's ignorant to think that immigration 's worst case is the end of western european nationalism . 
  it 's a fallacy created by people who do n't see the levels so many second generation immigrants , the sons and daughters of first generationals , who instantly adopt the culture and society of their new country . 
  i 'm like 3/4 polish , but my heart is always going to be british . 
  i am british and anyone who says otherwise is really kidding themselves . 
  my own mother has lived longer in this country than she has in poland . 
  is she still a pole ? 
  an immigrant ? 
  or is she british ? 
  culture has always and will always be fluid .
