  remember when we were anglo-saxon before all those fucking frenchies came in and ruined our culture ? 
  because our culture changed . 
  it evolved . 
  it melded and became the great british culture we have today . 
  but that 's not gon na happen just because a load of eastern europeans have moved in . 
  it did n't happen because a load of indians and pakistani 's came in , it did n't happen when a load of black people moved in , it did n't happen when a load of germans moved in , and those germans are still the royal family !, 
  immigration has faults , and flaws , and when it 's completely unregulated it can overpopulate and ruin some communities , okay , i 'll grant you , i understand immigration can be shit . 
  especially when it 's just for work or medical reasons , not for a new life . 
  but when it works it 's a beautiful showing of how similar we humans are , and how one culture can so seamlessly transfer to include another . 
  no immigrant is looking to destroy their nation 's culture , even muslems ( for the most part ) in a lot of countries move there because they want to experience these western freedoms . 
  it 's ignorant to think that immigration at it 's worst case is malicious . 
  this has been a rant from the son of a long line of polish immigrants escaping political and war-related oppression over the course of the 20th century . 
  also , great idea to let the system `` correct itself '' over 1 or 2 generations . 
  i didnt fucking want my pensions or nhs anyway . 
  they really are quite shit . 
  a part of me feels like corbyn hedged his bets by not being enthusiastic with brexit . 
  he never did like the eu for the classic socialist reasoning that it 's a massive free trade market ( which it is , featuring much protection of workers rights and political protection nowadays ) . 
  so if labour voters and the country had voted remain , the fact he was on the remain side would have helped him slightly . 
  however , we voted leave , and a lot of labour heartland voted leave too . 
  now corbyn knows where labour stands , and can do stuff like this and actually win points with a wide range of labour voters . 
  that or he could be a bit shit . 
  but i 'd like to think there was some thought in his poor campaigning . 
  well i 'd argue calling the last decade `` left wing '' is a bit misinformed . 
  it 's more `` centrist '' politics of the last 2 decades or so that i believe has really riled people up , full of politicians with no care for what they believe in , just what they have to believe to be elected . 
  however i 'll agree , `` left wing '' politics of the last decade has been horrific . 
  however , i will say that you 've got ta remember that there are some people who are immigrants , my own mother for instance , who have always viewed the country they 've moved to as their own country . 
  there are some people who deserve the right to be proud to call themselves british , despite never been born here . 
  and it 's heart breaking to see some of the hostility against them . 
  but you are right , too . 
  this new regressive left is bad for everyone , and needs to die very quickly before it ruins left policy in this country forever . 
  that 's true , but still it was a very odd comment to make . 
  reading over it , at no point do i make some sort of suggestion that i hate europeans or european nationalism . 
  in fact , i make a point of saying how i 'm fascinated by it in the fist paragraph !, 
  i agree completely . 
  the left today is a shitshow of terrible ideas , pandering to a pc crowd that no one really ever wanted as the majority , and simply being weak in the face of opposition . 
  it comes from the left you 're thinking about being far more centrist than actually left wing , but you 're right . 
  both the extreme left and extreme right are as radical and intolerant as each other . 
  i do regard myself as left wing , but i 'd be the first to admit the `` new left '' of regressive liberals and labling detractors with harmful rhetoric rather than constructive arguments is hurting all left wing politics . 
  i 'd argue the brexit debate was even more of a showcase than simply immigration to how terribly the left is arranged . 
  the arguments they made were so weak , they hardly ever talked about the honest benefits . 
  instead they figured to simply be negative , and the brexit campaign used it to their advantage . 
  `` project fear '' was one of the best organised criticisms of the remain campaign , when really there should have been noting `` fear '' about it . 
  i 'm open to discuss immigration , personally , even as a lefty . 
  though my heritage as the son of polish immigrants really leaves me at a crossroads between political opinion and cultural heritage . 
  the benefits to immigration are widespread , but no one talks about it . 
  what i 've said a lot in this thread is i 'm sick of how weak and pathetic the left is , and it 's true . 
  the left is the shadow of it 's former self , more content to stay in the protective teat of centrism than move into it 's own ideological realm . 
  ironically , by trying to win everyone , they 're winning no one . 
  and unfortunately , as the right try to only win specific people , they 're winning them in droves . 
  i agree again !, 
  uk politics is currently a shitshow of establishment apathy and weak opposition , and it 's incredibly depressing that labour is in the state that it 's in . 
  i voted for corbyn because i support his politics , and perhaps that because he 's leader , he could lead labour into a better opposition before stepping down . 
  but i 'm just not sure where the labour party is going now . 
  if it doesnt find it 's feet by 2018 into a strong position , it 's gon na lose again and again until a new party rises to take it 's place as the left wing power house of the uk . 
  the problem as you said comes down to the divide in politics . 
  it 's simply this absurd acceptance of a shit status quo that politicians expect is `` good enough '' for people , while i 'd argue people are far more angry at politicians in times of stagnation rather than times of great hardship . 
  at least it 's easier to justify their failures in a time of crisis , but when we 're at a place like we are now where the quality of life is just not good enough , but not so horrific people are starving , that is where true animosity towards the establishment grows . 
  we need a strong opposition . 
  a strong party to step in and assume the antithesis to new nationalism , while still moving away from globalism that i have to admit has failed so many people that it 's ridiculous . 
  i believe you hit the nail on the head in needing a true statesman , a person to rival the likes of the roosevelts , churchill or attlee . 
  someone to mobilise hope and unity rather than manipulate fear and anger . 
  unfortunately , we dont have that . 
  and that 's where all my fear comes from , that theres no one stopping right wing parties from snowballing into the new norm . 
  you have a point . 
  tbf i wrote that comment at about half 12 in the morning so it was n't my best politics . 
  indeed sometimes i do hear right wing arguments and see them in line with my own views , while i 'm vheremently left wing . 
  nevertheless , there is a level of fear mongering involved in right wing politics if not individual views . 
  there 's an attempt by some to manipulate legitimate fears in some cases into irrational intolerance . 
  it 's giving fire to their bundles of sticks . 
  it 's true there 's more nuance than that shitty comment admits , but the bottom line i see is manipulation of disengagement rather than mobilisation of a disenfranchised people . 
  to me , it feels insincere from politicians claiming to be the voice of the people when what they 're doing is trying to be the zeitgeist . 
  the problem i 'd say really is the establishment doing fuck all to help , and i would n't want the status quo to remain just so that we do n't have nationalists in power , but i 'd rather have any alternative to the idea of giving a minority of racists in a majority of legitimately angry and disenfranchised people the legitimacy to start becoming intolerant and violent . 
  i suppose i 'm just angry there 's no clear opposition or alternative . 
  no real rise in say democratic socialism to combat the rise in nationalism . 
  i 'm no friend to globalism , but nationalism is n't my friend either . 
  they have legitimate arguments , some i agree with , but some that strike me as regressive and intolerant . 
  it 's a nuanced issue , i 'll grant you , but it 's one that can become dangerous without a strong opposition , and i just ca n't see one existing . 
  i 'm lost personally in a political wilderness , if you will . 
  as the son of an immigrant , i 'd say it 's unfair to paint all immigration as simply a burden to society . 
  besides , if immigration is proving taxing for social services , perhaps that 's the fault of social services in our nation rather than the fault of people who are looking for work ? 
  more investement is desperately needed for the nhs , yet i 've yet to see anyone actually put more than beggar money into it . 
  remember the brexit `` 125 million for the nhs ! '', 
  or whatever bullshit that was ? 
  so much for that . 
  i 'll agree , some immigration can be a burden , but largely it is necessary to actually provide the jobs no one wants to do , or that we have too little people available to do . 
  also i never mentioned refugees but whatever . 
  it 's because in a few short years we really , really wo n't be full . 
  populations are not breeding enough to support the social services through tax and basic manpower . 
  the only answer for populations to have enough people and tax to support our way of life is for immigration to keep our ageing population on the same level , or else in 20 years no one under 35 will have pensions , because we will not be able to pay for it . 
  the ageing population is a more serious issue than immigration i 'd argue . 
  funny how much i hate europe , since i 'm european, 
  i 'm not suggesting the current regressive progressives are in any way a good thing to look to . 
  if anything it 's regressive politics that has caused the new upsurge , like you said . 
  liberal politics needs to look back too , look to a time that it really stood up for people , instead of selling out its ideology for cheap , centrist political points or pandering to the pc crowd . 
  i 'm not saying i 'm surprised or shocked that nationalism or a nostalgia for old politics is growing , i 'm saying i 'm worried for what it could mean for the next 20 years if it becomes the dominant political force without resistance . 
  and there needs to be an alternative . 
  a liberal , perhaps even socialist alternative that wants to return to a time where that politics cared for people . 
  but i do n't have the answers . 
  i only hope that whatever happens , it turns out okay . 
  i hope you do n't look at this and just see some stupid indecisive fence sitter !,
