  unfortunately , i agree with you . 
  i 'll be honest , politics is a load of shit today . 
  as someone who 's followed politics since i was about 14 it 's depressing to see how little the establishment and mainstream politicians are actually helping the stagnation in society . 
  and that 's what makes it worse , that we 're not even experiencing great depression levels of a horrible time . 
  we 're just so average and stagnant that to keep the `` status quo '' is to tell people to accept that life is simply shit . 
  when people tell me in the uk how much cameron helped to fix the uk i ca n't help but laugh , because our current situation shows such a divided and disengaged population with so much austerity where it should never exist . 
  the situation is dire and you 're right , no one is paying attention . 
  but at the same time i do n't want to turn to nationalists who clearly are not running in the interests of people but for their ideology 's own gain . 
  yet there seems to be no other option , at least in british politics , since no one even wants to support the `` alternative '' that would be corbyn , yet sure thing !, 
  let 's vote ukip !, 
  it 's left me in a political wilderness where i know i hate globalism and i know that nations need to take back a sort of economic independence again to revitalise devastated communities , yet is the real way to do this to close our eyes and jump into world where we only care about ourselves ? 
  where we follow a policy of `` us first '' ? 
  i do n't have the answers , but you 're right . 
  the way we have it today is just the consequence of years of bullshit . 
  i just hope it ends well . 
  do i really need to explain my reasoning for being afraid about nationalism becoming popular and mainstream ? 
  do i have to show you all of the horror that extreme nationalism has caused in the 19th and 20th centuries ? 
  do i need to explain exactly why it worries me that any kind of extreme in politics is receiving more attention and mainstream appeal ? 
  to clarify , i 'm afraid of the potential that this type of politics brings with it . 
  i implied as much with my talk about the degradation of democracy in countries like poland . 
  i 'm afraid of the possibility that nationalism can be as dark as it was all those many years ago and people are tricking themselves into the same mistakes with a different scape goat and different ways of saying `` make our nation great again ! '' . 
  at least it 's a legitimate fear , it 's a fear with scope and rational thought applied . 
  a right wing government elected with a constitutional majority has the power to do terrible things if it so wished . 
  however the type of fear that nationalists typically ( while not always ) are associated with tends to be irrational and based on racist or generally selfish opinions . 
  it 's fears about groups of immigrants `` stealing jobs '' or forming communities in otherwise homogeneous cities , or refugees trying to escape war or terrorism by moving to europe , or muslims only existing in the west to terrorise our way of life , because they refuse to conform to our traditions . 
  now obviously some of these fears are based in fact , but are twisted so often into political hyperbole . 
  just look at trump with his rhetoric , how `` they 're bringing drugs , they 're rapists ... '' and so on . 
  it 's playing with people 's irrational fears . 
  my comment was how this is terrifying , and i 'm rationally afraid of it . 
  my main argument against nationalism is not that i 'm afraid of it , but that it 's potential is so historically vast and horrifying that if europe ever faces it again , i doubt it 'll ever recover in the same way . 
  history is repeating itself again with this fear and scapegoating , and i say it is only rational to be cautious and active against it rising too far . 
  the only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing, 
  i 'm personally very worried about the new `` rise of nationalism '' in the world , but especially in europe . 
  as much as i am fascinated by the history of nationalism , and find it the key to understanding the modern world , this new face of nationalism is far too similar to history for my liking . 
  one hardly needs to make the comparison to the rise of fascism , but this new nationalism isnt very much like the old rise of it . 
  it 's still angry and popularist , still talking to the disenfranchised , but it feels so much more sinister . 
  i dont know what it is about it , but it feels ... somehow disingenuous ? 
  it 's not as overt , it 's not as fully `` i am a nationalist !, 
  our nation must be great ! '', 
  except in america , of course , but i feel as if europe is far more savvy to what looks like fascism than america , so perhaps politicians here have to be careful with the idea of appearing `` fascist '' it 's as if they 're actively saying only the things people want to hear and tip-toeing around being fully `` fascist '' . 
  heck , its become such a stigma to suggest someone is a fascist , i 've seen right wing parties use people calling them nazis and fascists to prove that they 're winning , and that people are desperate to stop them . 
  they 're actively going out and saying how bad immigration , migration , globalisation , refugee crises and so on are , ignoring any benefits or ethical issues . 
  and people are listening . 
  people are hearing them and agreeing . 
  people are choosing this fear , and choosing to accept it as truth . 
  all i see around me with this new growth in nationalism is people who have been disillusioned for so long being tricked by wily politicians and egotists into following horrible , selfish and fear-mongering ideology just to give their politics or fame a free ride . 
  i 'm also terrified if this progresses farther than simply a few years of far right wing politics . 
  although , looking at poland and similar countries who have elected right wing governments , it seems clear that some of this is pure power grabbing politics , and the slow , sinister , subtle destruction of democracy . 
  there 's an idea in history that two opposing political , economic and social ideologies must clash into order for society as a whole to progress , and for `` history '' to occur . 
  i 'm concerned that after the cold war , where communism and capitalism were the two major ideologies fighting against each other , that now there may be a new conflict between this reactionary nationalism against the current globalism we live in . 
  while i 'll be the first to admit , globalism has thousands of flaws , i 'm scared to see what this new reactionary , right wing populism will do for europe . 
  after almost 4 centuries of constant , massively destructive wars in this continent , i 'd hate to see the fragile peace and unity crumble under fear and more charismatic right wingers . 
  the thing is , i love corbyn 's policies . 
  his socialist and real view is so refreshing and in tune with my own political opinions . 
  i 'm just not at all convinced yet that he can win . 
  i voted for him in the leadership though . 
  if not for him , for the politics he brings . 
  i also have to apologise . 
  i was drunk and tired when messaging you , so my arguments were mostly full of shit . 
  however , i do agree with you to a point . 
  i 'm a bit of a socialist , and in my opinion the eu is far from perfect . 
  half is good , great even . 
  the money contributions and welfare provisions , green investments and the workers rights is amazing . 
  but the free trade is sucking the life blood out of normal people , and a lot of the laissez-faire economics of the block is destructive to weaker economies and even regional economies . 
  yet even there it has some brightness to it . 
  it still protects us from the world stage , and trust me , chinese steel has destroyed all the last of british industry . 
  the eu is n't perfect , and right now it 's damn near broken . 
  but it can and should reform and change . 
  and i 'd be very happy if a reformed eu came onto the stage . 
  an eu we can be proud of to work for every country and provided every federalised nation with security in their national endeavours . 
  it 's a dream , but one that can be achieved if real work is done to change what we have . 
  i spoke largely out of turn . 
  the eu is not some be all and end all of europe 's future , and sure many will never love it . 
  but what it can represent for all europe is essential . 
  peace for the world 's most war torn continent . 
  is that a small thing ? 
  perhaps for the current generation . 
  but to me it means a world beyond the laissez-faire economics of the block . 
  but we need to demand change from it , not just leave it . 
  that 's my argument , i suppose . 
  convince people not to stay with a shitty status quo , nor to leave into a wilderness of the unknown . 
  but to demand real and visible and transparent change . 
  to listen to them and tell them off when they lie . 
  to treat them with the same contempt we treat our national politicians . 
  we may make a europe worth living in yet . 
  i lied , it 's 8.5 billion per year . 
  still , a pathetic sum . 
  not nearly enough that the nhs needs , and besides , thousands of services across the uk need it . 
  tbh i was talking about the uk . 
  i do n't know much about spain 's position at all , so i can say much . 
  but for the uk ? 
  poor societies have always been the first to be supported by the eu , yet they always seem to . 
  be the first to complain about immigrants and regulations and all that populism coolaid . 
  spain may well be different , but let 's be honest here ; spain has n't been prosperous since before napoleon . 
  there 's very little beyond honest national self improvement that can ever help iberia . 
  the eu ai n't nothing why spain is poor . 
  also , votes show do n't show how the people always think , more often than not it only shows the zeitgeist , the fears and the misconceptions . 
  look at 1928-33 germany and tell me honestly that everyone who voted nazi really voted with their minds than their hearts . 
  so basically what you 're saying is that when we leave the eu , all our problems will poof away into a magical world of fairy dust and the pitiful amount of money we put into the eu will no longer give us back masses of money in investments , tourism , cheap trade and protection from absuvive work laws ? 
  sorry mate , you 're drinking the populism coolaid to think that .
