  i blame the keyboard . 
   he finds a lot of stuff goldberg used to say really goofy and sometimes outright dumb, 
  do you watch jre regularly ? 
  probably not . 
  joe has a. . . somewhat unique way of dealing with his friends bullshit . 
  also , his honesty is over the top to the point when it 's kinda awkward . 
  watch the podcast when he destroyed brendan schaub ( one of his close friends ) , basically saying to him `` you ca n't compete with the top guys '' and that he should think about ending his fighting career . 
  [ it was brutal . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/7fumbrhz2q4?t=124 ) it was also true . 
  i mean , what was the point of your op then ? 
  as a response to the video it reads like an implication of them not being friends ... which is what i reacted to . 
   it 's fucked that anyone actually has to say `` it 's bad to torture people '' . 
  it 's even more fucked that a representative of canada is the one saying so . 
  is this the same country that almost locked up ( and pretty much destroyed the life of ) a guy disagreeing with feminists of twitter ? 
  [ yes it is . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/r_v_elliott ) is it also the same country that locked up a webmaster of a gore site for `` corrupting public morals '' ? 
  [ yes it is . 
  those cunts should be the last ones to lecture other western countries . 
   that 's why we need a sane figurehead for cig criticism , someone who is n't a complete moron . 
  the problem is that sane people will rather just lose interest ( [ like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/szyzyg/search?query=citizen ) ) than become a critical voice ... which is understandable . 
   since they 've really ramped up production in all 4 studios, 
  they been `` ramping up '' production for years . 
  what are your even talking about , lmao . 
   i do n't feel like they 're moving slowly, 
  you and the other 3 people who feel that way should probably start a club or something !, 
   it 's just a normally tedious development process applied to a project that ( until relatively recently ) has continued to expand . 
  no it did not continue to expand until relatively recently . 
  you 're mistaking the realization of the amount of work that all these unimplemented systems will require with expanding scope . 
   the bulk of the work in the meantime is crewdriver animations , art touch-ups , bug fixing, 
  you are aware of the features the 3.0 release is supposed to have , right ? 
  you 're talking about this as if the game was in beta . 
  art touch-ups , ha !, 
  the amount of shit that needs to be done just for 3.0 is staggering and unless the release is going to get pushed to 2019 or something , there has to be significant progress on the mechanics side ( or the game simply is n't anywhere near - and i mean within a decade kind of near - to being finished ) . 
   guess that 's just what i expected when i backed , and what i will continue to expect until ( and perhaps after ) release . 
  this changes nothing , bro ... 
   stay covers the airport detainees and those currently in transit . 
  does n't change ban going forward . 
   the possibility of a world war, 
  a world war of ... ? 
  you 're watching too much cnn . 
   i have confidence in american people fighting for what 's good for them . 
  that 's why trump is the president . 
   look at me , i 'm the r/politics now . 
  basically every sub on reddit since trump happened . 
  this is a nice message but unless you remove the r/politics it 's just talk . 
  that place is a cancer that 's killing reddit . 
  go back to your canadian shit hole and stay there . 
  a country with a male feminist and fidel castro lover as a pm has no sense of self respect left . 
  an epidemic of virtue signalling has hit the united states . 
  libtards are out in force tonight . 
   thanks for taking a political stand , reddit . 
  now it 's certain you all are a bunch of degenerate cucks . 
  heh , as if that was n't apparent for months , maybe years :p, 
  i 'm pretty sure only full-on liberal shit-tier subs thought reddit was n't a full-on liberal shit-tier website . 
  next stop : ban a half of the u.s. population . 
  you 're smart . 
   anyone downvoting this is truly a subhuman piece of shit . 
  i downvoted this . 
  proud `` subhuman piece of shit '' . 
  the days of libtards ( which are full on communists these days ) forcing their views on the rest of the population are over . 
  a feast !, 
  i lubricate my guns with liberal tears . 
   he 's a domestic threat to this country and he needs to be impeached . 
  maybe start with banning the hate subreddit that bears his name . 
  i chuckled . 
   no one cares what you think . 
  exactly . 
  reddit is supposed to be a tool , not a damn media organization with biases and preferences . 
  the amount of all the self-important bureaucratic garbage these social network ceos spew out is ridiculous . 
  your opinions do n't matter , nerd . 
  just like no one cares what you think or what i think - which is fine . 
  the point is that the ceo 's opinion is just as ( in ) valuable , but he 's yelling it at us because he can . 
  love trumps hate !, 
  love trumps hate !, 
  love trumps hate !, 
  trump 's very much fine , the libtard media and virtuesignalwood is having a stroke , though :p, 
   hate speech and groups on your website, 
  i agree . 
  start with such subs as r/politics and r/worldnews . 
  ban all the things !, 
  the lefties still did n't arrive at the conclusion that they themselves made trump the potus by employing this kind of behavior . 
  and they think that going even harder now will somehow shame the other half into not supporting trump ? 
  they 're in for some unpleasant 8 year long ride ... 
  it 's well known that modern `` progressives '' subscribe to marxist ideologies ( or cultural marxism at the very least ) . 
  not hard to see why are people refering to the left as if they were communists ... 
   paid trump shill, 
  oh man , this podcast is gon na trigger so many snowflake twinks !, 
  sex operative, 
  someone please make a supercut of this episode ... 
  oprah member of secret eugenics group, 
   we live close to these star gates , jump gates that are suns . 
  nothing can beat this podcast . 
  nothing . 
  do n't , do n't hit each other ... lmfao, 
  almost 70k viewers , brah ... 
  more of that apple juice !, 
  marketable . 
   whatever happens next , i trust dana, 
  skeptical snake jpg, 
   i felt like they spent 3\u00a01/2 years building a world and 6 months cramming in gameplay elements .
