  cut the bs and focus on hardline ( which releases in like 3 months ) and bf5 . 
  if hardline is another buggy unfinished mess like bf4 was , the series is done . 
  - collision : was fine before dice la went in and started messing with the movement physics without testing it . 
  cte was worthless in this case . 
  people were reporting tons of issues , but dice said fuck it haha fuck you we 're releasing this and released a vanilla patch ( which was up for how long ? 
  a month ? 
  maybe more , ca n't remeber ) with all the issues ( like you say , `` stuck behind every damn ledge '' and some stairs or doorways did n't even work properly ) . 
  they then fixed a problem they created ( and had the audacity to grope the vanilla game with it ) !, 
  - headglitch fixes : none of these `` fixes '' needed community testing . 
  what exactly was tested ? 
  it has already been stated several times that they will not go through all the maps and change cover height . 
  - some general bugs and netcode stuff : `` netcode stuff '' ( high frequency cone etc. ), 
  are backported improvements created by visceral for hardline and fixing bugs has nothing to do with the purpose of community testing , which should be about tweaking and balancing . 
  and btw , i said `` half of the time '' , not that everything is useless . 
  yeah , instead of hardline , let 's focus on a year old , bargain bin game that sells for 10 $ . 
  i hope you realize that if hardline bombs , the series may never recover . 
  sure it does . 
  http://i.imgur.com/lnjjvcq.png ( view on dark background ), 
   why sanctions ? 
  because nobody gives any fucks about ukraine . 
  it 's just an excuse to weaken russia, 
  i 'm wondering why are you not down-voted to hell . 
  this is so obvious to anyone outside us it 's not even funny . 
  but but we care about ukraine !, 
  yeah , and i care about the well being of brazilian native tribes . 
  typical american does n't give two shits about some random european country , let alone eastern one , and generally eats whatever he 's served by the media ( as far as foreign ministry related topics go ) . 
  i 'm willing to bet my monthly salary that more than half of regular americans ca n't even find ukraine on the map ( or at least could n't before all this media hoopla ) . 
  mix in that anything against russia is always good in the eyes of american public and you 're set . 
  ( btw i 'm from czech republic , we do n't exactly like russians lol , but these reddit anti-russia tendencies in anything and everything are hilarious . ), 
  ** really ** ? 
  after all that has happened in the last few months ( and years of sjw infiltration before that ) , we should just ignore them because they 're `` irrelevant '' and not `` meaningful political force '' ? 
  yeah , let 's stick our heads into the sand , because that always works . 
  if you retweet that and consider yourself a supporter of gamergate , give yourself a slap and think for yourself for a minute next time you decide to retweet nonsense . 
  jesus this only proves what kind of people visit this sub xd , average intelligence of a fucking carrot . 
  the image i posted is a direct copy of the texture atlas battlelog uses for vehicles , a png file with transparency . 
  the only thing required is to open the fucking thing in any program like irfanview or xnview . 
  as for, 
   although i 'm not really sure what this proves, 
  the question was if battlelog has an entry for that one . 
  i does . 
  / thread, 
  it 's not white background , dumbass . 
  go back to school and learn the difference between transparent and white . 
   i 'm ashamed i know the gif, 
  why ? 
  ( unless you 're a pastor xd ), 
  rocket :, 
  exploding rocket :, 
  - oooo -, 
  - oooo -, 
  - oooo -, 
  i 'm pretty sure the second one has a higher chance of hitting the target . 
  and disgusting people like dannyonpc want to ruin this baby . 
  meanwhile any barely functioning junk `` game '' ( depression quest , slaughtering grounds and a million others ) gets to the store either directly or through a media campaign . 
  this is an ideal situation for a game delivery system - merit does n't count , but your bussiness pull or the level of political correctness does . 
  bbbbut muh steam deals !, 
  check it out . 
  it 's basically postal , but the game looks/sounds pretty damn good compared to most indie titles . 
  it 's very much apparent a lot of work went into it . 
  there is no reason for it not to be given a chance ... except for political correctness ( translation : censorship ) . 
  let the community decide if it wants it or not , not some feminazi or sanfran sjw blogger . 
  let the consoles have the content filtered by a censor . 
  the biggest pc digital distribution platform should stay open and unbiased ( and that 's the way valve clearly chosen to do bussiness since they threw curation out of the window ) . 
  the one that fits them . 
  ** i 'd like to remind you that the fuckers sold games that literally use stolen assets ** . 
  pffft , i can run 100m too and my feet look normal . 
  yeah , if you watch neebsgaming you know ... :p, 
  no , but seriously . 
  this is no laughing matter . 
  i ca n't overstate the importance of not getting this error !, 
  which probably means you have sex regularly , so all is good . 
  we 're in this terrible , terrible state of the pc game market where steam has a de facto monopoly . 
  it will most likely take many years before the majority of people will start to realize what 's up , but you can see the effects today :, 
  * one of the worst ( if not the worst ) customer services in the business . 
  * very little openness . 
  * presence of content of objectively questionable functionality . 
  * arbitrary rules of what 's allowed on the service and what 's not . 
  * no refund policy . 
  i 'd like to remind you that fucking origin from ea has a refund policy of 24 hours ( no questions asked ) and a standard process for 3rd party games ( which extends as far as 14 days in the eu , i think ) . 
  steam ? 
  you get one refund ( where you 'd better have a strong case going for you ) , provided you can get to it through steam 's automated response maze , and ... that 's it . 
  no , really . 
  a store where you can ( and many people do ) have a vast collection of games purchased over many years ( we 're talking about hundreds to thousands of titles here ) - and you get one refund ( if even that ) . 
   `` as with most software products , unless required by local law , we do not offer refunds or exchanges on games , dlc or in-game items purchased on our website or through the steam client . 
  please review section 3 of the steam subscriber agreement for more information . '', 
  anti-consumer load of bullshit . 
   `` as with most software products , we do not offer refunds or exchanges on games , dlc or in-game items purchased on our website or through the steam client . 
  as a one-time customer service gesture we can issue you store credit for the amount of your purchase into your steam wallet . 
  the credit will also remove the title or item from your account . '', 
  one-time customer service gesture . 
  anyways , to get back on the topic : given how many percent of the digital pc market sales steam provides ( current estimates are as high as 80 % of the digital market , which makes up as much as 90 % of all pc game sales ) , this is actually very similar to being banned `` by the government '' or maybe ever worse , because if valve decides not to sell a product , it wo n't be available on steam anywhere and not just in the country that decided to ban it . 
  make no mistake , unless you 're battlefield or fifa , getting booted from steam will impact your sales in a big way . 
  given the above mentioned percentages and the long history of indie devs talking about their steam experiences ( of both getting on steam and getting kicked off it ) , you 'd be lucky to sell 1/5th outside of steam compared to what you could on steam . 
   statement that origin will be selling the game, 
  do n't get your hopes up . 
  parts of ea are pretty moralist and some of the developers are flat out sjws . 
  half of bioware is . 
   in gta you also get to steal cars, 
  i 'm guessing you 're being satirical . 
  however , in case you are n't , i 'll add :,
