  making impossible possible . 
  awesome !, 
  am i the only one who finds it hysterical that a company deeply rooted in the 2nd most homophobic society on the planet ( in that regard , russia is beaten only by the majority muslim countries ) is the company preaching about `` homophobic slurs '' and somehow ties that into a copyright tool ? 
  excuse me if do n't believe the intentions of these snakes . 
  now we know ... :d, 
  exactly ... empty station with two random dudes just chilling in the exact same pose , copypasted simplistic screens flashing `` warning !, 
  danger !, 
  '' , what a joke . 
  why are n't they showing this off in some `` living , breathing '' space ? 
  maybe because no such thing exists ... 
   couple of the updates that went from being due this week to tbd because they decided to increase the scope are a little annoying, 
  story of this game . 
  i 've said this multiple times before , but their initial or even second , third designs seem to be weak and pretty much every single feature ( from tiny things to `` epic '' features ) needs to go through multiple iterations before it 's anywhere near ok . 
  it 's one thing to have a natural evolution of game systems as the project moves along , but it 's completely another thing to fully rework ships and constantly not be able to nail those 100 features in game that 's supposed to have 1000 . 
  the inevitable outcome is that you will never get to those 900 . 
  i guess that i 'm going to say it : it seems like the quality of cig as a game developer simply is n't high enough for a game of this scope to be made while retaining quality . 
  they ca n't do it and that 's why the new versions of the game always arrive late and with a ton of gutted features . 
  how to look like a complete asshole in two steps :, 
  * first claim to use drm `` because cracked games can have issues '' instead of just being honest and saying that you worry about game sales . 
  * then release an absolute mess of a game . 
  red meat and weed , do n't forget the weed, 
   is this not the same brand of bullshit that conned steve jobs into not seeking treatment ? 
  that 's the worst part , even though people ( including me ) get annoyed by eddie 's bullshit conspiracy theories , they 're ultimately harmless ... this bitch though , fuck ... it really rubs me the wrong way that a person like this has a potential to actually harm a decent amount of people ( many of whom are probably in a really bad place already ) and now you 're giving her a platform and enabling her by not even challenging her ridiculous views !, 
   i 'd love to hear about the performance now . 
  if you check out the steam forums of the game , people who own it ( mouse icon next to their name ) seems to confirm that all cpu based performance issues and stutter seem to be fixed . 
  do people still buy this b movie drivel ( no pun intended ) ? 
  do yourself a favor and buy forza horizon 3 instead , it 's great . 
  because voting for a terrorist sympathizer ( ira , hammas ) coming in with a self proclaimed marxist finance minister and half a party of communists is really intellingent . 
  you see the only approval that matters is the bleeding heart liberal approval . 
  naturally , the rest of the society does not matter as they 're uneducated idiots ( which is funny , because unless you have some politics or economics based degree , you 're most likely just as uneducated as a random republican ... and no , liberal arts degrees do n't count ) who do n't know what 's better for them ( which is also funny as it is the leftist agenda that is directly responsible for the muslim infestation of large parts of europe ... ) . 
   13th february 2018, 
  that seems awfully specific for being so far out . 
  probably an investor thing ... 
   as you 'll see in this report , there are a lot of delays ( ** +493 days ** cumulated on all tasks ) . 
  nearly all categories are hit , and the new features cig added this week are n't helping either . 
  :d ^ :d ^ :d ^ :d ^ :d ^ :d ^ :d ^ :d ^ :d ^ :d ^ :d ^ :d ^ :d ^ :d ^ :d ^ :d ^ :d ^ :d ^ :d, 
  star citizen is a joke for the rest of the gaming community . 
  i wonder when we 're gon na realize this game is not coming out or at least not in the shape we 're wishing for and start demanding results instead of keeping to believe in this pie in the sky . 
  who the fuck cares about sorting ? 
  any half decent language has date format coversion tools as a core part of the standard library . 
  the computers do n't give a shit . 
  humans , on the other hand , live moment to moment , hour to hour , day to day , month to month , year to year . 
  it makes all the sense to use dd/mm/yyyy . 
  this is the same kind of debate where the americans keep insisting that their way of doing things is better even though in reality murrica has 120v and the imperial system simply because it 's too lazy to switch to superior systems . 
   ea is only 720/60 ( lol ) . 
  it seems to me that the 1080p ones have the same source . 
  at least it looks the same . 
  that may be for the best ... one of the devs used the term `` heroic physics '' when talking about the controls , lmao . 
  499 ssd + hdd ? 
  it 's kinda sad that the mass effect franchise had to get a b team with a b budget because of that decision ... 
  also , the french . 
  do n't forget gta . 
  francestan can go fuck itself . 
  nothing good came out of that country for like a century . 
   what is this thing ? 
  big sloppy revolting tub of shit with a cunt attitude, 
  i did n't watch the video , but disrespectful kids need to be put in their place . 
  nothing worse than a spoiled brat ( well , except its parents ) . 
  welcome to the modern age of `` liberalism '' aka post-modernism aka off brand marxism . 
  patriarchy ( lol ) is the ultimate opressor and capitalism is evil . 
   their `` property '' was obtained by the blood and sweat of the poor . 
  only a loser or a communist can say this . 
  both are pathetic bottom feeders . 
  yes that works for classical liberalism . 
  liberals from te 70s and a subset of modern conservatives . 
  modern `` liberalism '' in the u.s. is indeed a perversion of the word , but i 'm not the one who perverted it . 
  modern liberalism is pretty much just progressivism with a marxist twist ( coming primarily from the post modernism infested humanities ) . 
   i mean obviously that would never work from a business standpoint, 
  that 's why the ufc has to be on top of this and promote active fighters and seek matchups resulting in active fights . 
  it should n't be the ref 's job to judge `` how inactive is too inactive '' when both fighters are on their feet . 
  the promotion is the matchmaker , they should do their fucking job . 
  i do n't ever want to see woodley/wonderboy 3 . 
  and cats . 
  definitely a lot of cats . 
  with toxo . 
  i do n't want to sound ableist but it 's its . 
  must have missed the comedy part . . 
  one thing i do n't see mentioned anywhere it this thread is that a lack of * certain * kind of recoil on pc is * good * . 
  generally , you have two kinds of recoil you want on pc - horizontal recoil and vertical recoil . 
  these create muzzle drift/climb you have to counteract with the mouse and they can be learned . 
  but there 's sometimes also a third kind of recoil - the dreaded random side to side ( or up down ) recoil . 
  pc gamers hate it because it lowers the skill ceiling and ca n't be mastered due to its randomness . 
  at the moment , there are ~ 1750 players online on the pc ( source : https://titanfall.cf/status/r2 ) . 
  what i 've seen in game last week seems to fit with that number ( peaking around 3k ) ... which is kinda sad because the mp was free ... and it does n't seem like that promo moved the number of online players by that much . 
  whatever , i bought it for $ 20 just to play the campaign and it was worth it . 
  texas jumped the gun . 
  he , hehe . 
  ok , i 'll see myself out . 
  what a cuck . 
  what a cuck . 
   that is not reassuring or normal in the slightest . 
  that 's very much normal when dealing with banks and commercial loans . 
  what are you talking about ? 
   but if they do n't succeed the lp is worth next to nothing ,, 
  yes . 
   i dont get it . 
  the bank is not worried about the company being able to pay back the money they borrow . 
  did n't see that before ... huh , that means collateral is basically nothing / cig 's word . 
  the bank just seems to be happy with the company 's cash flow . 
  afaik this is not their first loan .
