   this will most likely be the brunt of the conversation, 
  i hope not , for anyone not knowing about sargon , skip the light hearted troll posts and watch something like the rubin report [ interview ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ui9cf9ojau ) he did recently . 
  seems like a level-headed , well-read person to me . 
   ban by the authorities , who had cited threats from far-right groups, 
  is that a joke ? 
  turkey is a rapidly extremizing country that is not far from throwing all these people into jail * just * bacause they 're gay ( as is the norm in most majority muslim countries ) , are they seriously trying to mask this as some kind of protective measure ? 
  lmao . 
   do not always represent the ideas imposed by their so-called ` leaders ', 
  erdogan has been voted into the office by a majority of people in 2014 and his power has been increased by the 2017 constitution amendment referendum which , again , has been supported by a majority . 
  erdogan is an islamist and turkey is being radicalized . 
  the future for lgbt people is not good in turkey . 
  in fact , it 's by far the worst in any nato country . 
  you nu-male cuck . 
  you disgust me ( and it has nothing to do with you being obese ) . 
  i 'm most likely going to get banned for this on this sub and downvoted to hell , but i do n't care , somebody had to say it . 
  there 's nothing to articulate . 
  boogie , as evidenced by the video and the post , obviously responds to abusers and tries to appease them . 
  so here you have some abuse . 
  btw i ca n't overstate * how much * is this kind of behavior counterproductive , especially when dealing with the kind of people like anita . 
  what she will take from this that she can do these things freely and no one will confront her . 
  boogie is literally empowering abusers . 
  standing up for the things which you think are right , that 's the manifestation of a strong character . 
  not fucking trying to appease everybody . 
  oh and by the way , anyone who uses `` cis white '' unironically is a part of the problem and i do n't really care how much are they going to sugercoat it later . 
   for pro-lifers , the vast majority of them believe that life begins at conception . 
  what an idiotic post . 
  you think they do . 
  most sane , moderate people will tell you that no , treating a buch of cells as a human being does n't make sense . 
  of course the closer you 're to birth the less that argument applies . 
  and aborting a baby that could be saved by an incubator and care is plain old murder . 
  there is nuance to this you fucking twats . 
  but to admit that would mean to get out of your political bubble based on progressivism dogma , which you of course ca n't do . 
   in which they literally lie about things they claim ignorance of, 
  well , ff 's `` listen & believe '' slogan is a thing for a reason . 
  by actually investigating to find out what is true , you 're siding with the harassers and ff will label you as a supporter of harassment . 
  third wave feminism 101 . 
  seriously though , it 's sad that the largest youtube convention is being run by people who are either virtue signalling twats ( i 'm sorry , but if you 're willing to shit on someone and take this kind of hardline stance while at the same time admitting you are ignorant on the subject , you are a twat ) or dishonest leftist political activists ( because that 's who you are if you support anita in this case and do n't claim ignorance ) . 
   it feels a lot better once you get to know a class well and are reasonably good at moving around quickly . 
  i really like the fast-paced combat and game modes . 
  i bought titanfall 2 when it was 50 % off on origin like two or three weeks ago and i have to say that going from that to lawbreakers feels really weird , some of the classes in lawbreakers move like titans in titanfall ... you pretty much have to play something like the wraith class to feel anywhere near as mobile as in titanfall and i 'm not sure i like that . 
  this sub is a source of hilarity ( no pun intended ) for a long time and continues to entertain . 
  you do realize that the tweet is literally a tweeted out version of a shitpost from the donald , right ? 
  discussing how childish and not presidential this kind of tweeting may be is well and nice , but if you think this is not a joke , you 're either an idiot or a liar . 
  exactly ... 
  i think i genuinely got cancer by watching that . 
  3.1 renamed to 3.5 , release at gamescom next year . 
   please get some professionals to handle main event fighters diets . 
  make it so the fighters have to weigh in several times before the fight ( e.g. 
  60 days , 30 days , 15 days and 1 day ) - you can still work around that and try to cheat that , but not as much . 
  no hardcore weight cuts anymore . 
   no , you wo n't die . 
  you just have a 4 inch in diameter hole in your arm of rotten meat . 
  the biggest threat to the west is unchecked illegal immigration and expansion of islam . 
  even if trump was the devil himself , he could n't be as harmful as that . 
  how is this impressive in any way whatsoever ? 
  who even wants to `` visit '' that ? 
  is this even a place ? 
  looks like a random boring box on a random boring plain of nothing . 
  seriously , the people from the studio who post these kinds of posts need a big dose of self-reflection . 
  this is like no man 's sky v0 .5 . 
  it 's not impressive . 
  it 's not interesting . 
  it 's not worth visiting . 
  stop this `` look what out procedural generator made '' madness before it 's too late . 
  post-purchase rationalization is one hell of a drug . 
  yea , seems like this is once again a v1 .0 feature and there 's gon na need to be v2 +, 
   believability, 
  yeah , except it 's bouncing all over the place , therefore looks stupid and not at all like an actual [ hydraulic landing gear ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsodzucwryi ) should look like . 
   eddie bravo is an annoying moron . 
  a perfect material for being rogan 's friend . 
  ok , i think there 's a lot of questions about some detailed stuff , but as someone who has never heard of this game before - what is it ? 
  or , to be more specific , what is the core gameplay loop like ? 
  how does the combat work ? 
  does it play like an mmo moba ? 
  so what this tells me is that you either do n't have a strong enough grasp of the combat mechanics of your own game or you do n't want to talk about them too much . 
  i think that i 've seen enough of your game and sending me to youtube to `` look up '' some gameplay explaining combat is kinda funny , especially since this is an ama . 
  i wish you the best , though . 
  ( btw yeah , i 've seen the `` everybody matters '' video and buzzwords sadly do n't make for good games . ), 
  because eu is a cancerous ( literally , what has started as common european trade platform has grown uncontrollably into this sovereign state ignoring , dictating , military force seeking shady organization ) . 
  sincerely , a czech citizen . 
  we will rather get out of the eu than let them dictate to us what we should do as a nation . 
   get an answer, 
  `` look it up '' is an answer ? 
  i do n't know if i 'm taking crazy pills or what , but i ask `` what is the core gameplay loop like '' in an ama thread and i get no answer other than `` look it up '' , meanwhile that question is one of the most valid of questions ( certainly outside of game 's communities like a forum or subreddit ) and can be aswered quite easily in a structured , logical manner . 
  after all , this is how game design is being developed before actually getting implemented . 
   because you already know, 
  i still do n't know what is the combat about as the answer was `` look it up '' and i 'm not going to `` look it up '' because i do n't care enough to * look for * an answer , that is why * i asked * . 
  i 'm pretty sure that most of the things asked in this ama could be `` looked up '' , so, 
   why bother asking the question ? 
  ps : [ this thing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sl21opoawm8 ) says nothing to me about combat or even core gameplay loop ... it 's a generalistic , buzzwordy description of an overall concept ( that could even be applied to a lot of other sandbox games ) . 
  you know that recent , highly upvoted [ post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/starcitizen/comments/6ntoba/players_will_kill_players/ ) discussing ganking ? 
  i feel like the community is talking about h , i and j while a and b are still in the air ... why are we even discussing any of that when the game is heavily instanced ? 
  these are elite dangerous level numbers and that is fundamentally a p2p game ( which ca n't get a lot of players simply due to the nature of p2p and its n * ( n-1 ) / 2 connection requirements ) . 
  edit : maybe this is something that people do n't care about that much , but as someone with battlefield background i find it puzzling that it seems to be * so hard * for cig to implement higher player counts . 
  i can go and play bf4/bf1 on a 64 player server with a 60hz tick rate right now ... while having a rock solid 60 + framerate ( or more , the point being that the framerate is not tied to the server performance ) . 
  the sad thing is that with the tailor made me :2 content i still got close to 30 hours out of it while having one of the best times of my life ( certainly at the time ) , which is something i would n't say about any game i played before ... or after . 
  it was full of * actual * content , not mindlessly running ( or driving ) around for hours like an idiot with nothing better to do with his free time . 
  sometimes you do have to wonder who in the ever living fuck is coming up with this shit . 
  i decide to get back into the game after like a year off and within two weeks this abomination of a proposal shows up , lol ... just my luck . 
   they 're actually trying something,
