  * battlefront : 25,783 ( 24h peak : 32,056 ), 
  * battlefield 4 : 27,023 ( 24h peak : 31,321 ), 
  source : bf4stats.com & swbstats.com, 
   you can now watch the first hour of just cause 3 . 
  i did , and found it a good way to satisfy my desire to see/play a new game , without having to pay ~ # 30-50 for the privilege . 
  i could understand if the author wrote something along the lines of : `` i did , and found it a good way to inform myself and decide that the game is not for me , without having to pay ~ # 30-50 for the privilege . '', 
  ( and even then it may seem a little unnecessary to some , because it 's a random opinion of a random person bolted on a short news post ) ... but no , the way it 's laid out strongly implies a patronizing attitude of someone who does not generally like playing video games for gameplay and/or seeks something `` more '' than gameplay in a game ( high quality writing , cultural commentary or whatever it may be ) . 
  either way , this kind of shit is one of the things that makes people use quotation marks when the word `` journalism '' has to be used with the word `` game '' somewhere . 
   seems like something i 'd get interested with for an hour and then put down . 
  this is me and gta 5 . 
  i never understood the huge mainstream and critical success of the new gta games since a lot of open world games since gta 3 are just flat out better in the most important thing about an open world game - gameplay options and exploration . 
  when you compare your freedom and `` things to do within the sandbox with the gameplay mechanics provided '' in gta 5 and just cause 2/3 ( or even far cry 3 ) , it 's not even close . 
   or , you know , does n't like that specific sort of game . 
  ... but i wrote that :, 
   `` i did , and found it a good way to inform myself and decide that the game is not for me , without having to pay ~ # 30-50 for the privilege . '', 
  ( and even then it may seem a little unnecessary to some , because it 's a random opinion of a random person bolted on a short news post ), 
  also i fail to see how the following applies to a * news story * ( that article is not a critique/review piece and even if it was a review , it would be pretty weird to let a person who does n't like genre x to review a game in the genre x ) :, 
   if anything this seems to be in line with tb point about how most critics do n't factor in cost/bang for buck into their thinking of video games, 
  with a few exceptions exploiting some early versions of denuvo in some games , the denuvo protection holds . 
  * fifa16 not cracked, 
  * mgs 5 not fully cracked ( afaik none of the - pretty important - patches were cracked and the initial `` crack '' was some p2p workaround ), 
  * mad max not cracked, 
  * jc3 not cracked, 
  * arkham knight not cracked ( re-released version at least ), 
  we 'd better get used to games with denuvo . 
  personally , i did n't really find any problems with it , mgs 5 worked ( and ran ) fine , mad max the same ... 
  the game uses drm - denuvo . 
  it 's going to be interesting to watch how people react when they realize what this means for any kind of advanced modding ( outside asset replacers ) . 
  because zack snyder does n't give a shit about crybabies and shows you his middle finger . 
   then the shemale thing happened ... full on boner . 
  really ? 
  in my eyes , she looks like randy orton with tits . 
  there are far more feminine trannies out there if that 's your thing ... 
  `` art '', 
   if that 's your thing ... 
  i meant if trannies are his thing :p, 
  and given the upvote count , our society is clearly a patriarchy created to terrorize women . 
  wait . 
  i admit , i did n't play wows that much recently , but how he 's in a ranked match queue with a tier 8 ship ? 
  huh , interesting . 
  horrifying , but it shortened the war and ultimately * saved * lives . 
  the game has terrible physics ( and i mean terrible for an arcade game , i 'm not trying to say it 's not `` sim enough '' ) , which make the driving not that interesting . 
  also , the engine sounds fucking suck . 
   even if / especially if the crowdfunding drive makes lots of money, 
  yep . 
  notch :, 
   `` i somewhat naively thought ` a couple of million ' was two million . 
  i had no doubt in my mind that a psychonauts 2 would earn that money back easily . 
  turns out they wanted 18 million dollars , haha . 
  i do n't have the time at the moment to even try to get educated enough to make an 18 million dollar deal . 
  perhaps in some distant future when i 'm no longer trying to make games , i could get into angel investing . 
  i 've made one private investment into a game so far , at $ 100k , and it 's frankly a lot more work than i thought . '', 
  even if they get like 10 million ( which is a pipe dream , unless you 're star citizen ) , i 'd be still very careful and not back it . 
  not because i do n't like shafer 's uneducated opinions on things he clearly does n't know shit about , but because double fine 's track record & location ( & willingness to change and/or move ) tell me that they ca n't make anything without a huge budget . 
  11,618 idiots . 
   that 's with the assumption that this is about catching the terrorists, 
  it is n't ... and it will only get worse . 
  the primary goal of domestic mass surveillance is to monitor , evaluate and potentially take action against any up-and-coming anti-government groups , preventing them from getting dangerously big ( as in that it could challenge the current order of things in any meaningful way ) , crippling demonstrations even before they form etc. 
  and no , this is not a conspiracy theory by any means , some of this has been leaking over the years , e.g. 
  mass surveillance in the modern times is even more useful than ever before as people share and communicate everything through their smart phones and social network accounts ... all easily trackable , if you have the access and the horsepower ( and we know very well that organizations like the nsa have plenty of both ) . 
  lmao, 
   or this is a test of goggle 's stance on pc/sjw matters . 
  that 's exactly what it is . 
  for example , i can only imagine how many hundreds or thousands of reports this video got ( warning - nsfw ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyl5abxltw8 , yet it 's still up ... so it 's definitely not about the number of reports , but their nature and the content of the video . 
   still deleted like a week of work :'(, 
  you 're not using github or similar service ? 
  what 's wrong with you . 
  not really . 
  what `` tech '' ? 
  punching numbers into excel ? 
  ... certain fields require latest libs/frameworks ( usually designed for latest os ) for desktop apps or latest security fixes for server apps . 
  latest os ! = beta os . 
  besides , what we 're talking about here has nothing to do with stability and everything to do with an automatic/forced update scheme . 
  says a guy talking about `` tech '' in / r/funny . 
  i do n't know a single programmer who says shit like `` in tech '' . 
   cute , but as a side note , is n't it a bad idea to swim around a seal colony dressed like a seal ? 
  fix 'd :d, 
  it 's all fun and games until one of your butt cheeks goes missing . 
  that 's not an artistic landscape bro , that 's a maple leaf :p, 
  this will not be the first post on / r/wtf that makes me barf ... no !, 
  i refuse !!, 
   inb4 stupid pedophile joke, 
   the same ceo who pulled the star wars battlefront bullshit . 
  what bullshit ? 
  star wars battlefront is a game that runs , looks and plays ( in terms of netcode ) great . 
  they totally delivered on those fronts . 
  what you 're probably talking about is that the game is way too casual and does n't have that much content . 
  which is a fair point and a lot of people ( including me ) would agree with that assessment . 
  ** but ** , we knew all of this before the release . 
  hell , the game even had an open beta . 
  personally , i tried the beta , researched the game a bit and then decided that it was not a game for me . 
  people who bought it and now complain have only themselves to blame . 
  spoken like a true ass man ... 
  i 'm proud of you . 
  pm me a key and i will send you a million dollars . 
  no scam . 
  we need another 2007 financial crisis ... this time maybe from student loans ? 
  :d one can hope ... ( yes , i do n't live in the us ), 
   changed the parameters of the target acquisition system modification 1 upgrade . 
  added the following parameters : +50 % to the range of assured acquisition ; +20 % to the acquisition range of torpedoes,
