  given the tone of the video , i have to wonder if they just made it all up . 
  [ 8:17 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50lsiasr3zc&t=8m17s ) '' ... there would be a god damn firestorm if hl3 came out and was in any way not perfect . 
  ** valve employees would get death threats , crazed gamers would doxx emplyees , they 'd call the swat teams on them , they would harass them to the ends of the earth ** . '', 
  ( then they proceed to talk about smedley bomb threat , which has been made by the lizardsquad hackers , not gamers ), 
  edit : am i the only one who sees this kind of reporting as damaging ? 
  i mean , the only thing this creates is more infighting in the gaming community . 
  the comments are full of posts like this :, 
  * so those pricks who thought the mass effect 3 ending was bad = no half life 3 . now i hate those jerks even more . 
  * haters canceling half-life 3 . who would 've thought ... 
  * i think valve is in the right . 
  not only would they not be satisfied themselves with their development after so long , but half life 2 has n't aged that well as revolutionary as it was at the time , and , well , i 'll say it if funhaus wo n't : gamers are ruining gaming . 
  if it 's not perfect in any way they will get doxed , threatened , and possibly even actually physically attacked . 
  * i agree with valve . 
  they want their company to do well . 
  and tbh half the internet would just complain . 
  we as a community need to stop sending death threats and realize that developing is really hard, 
  * sad . 
  it is similar to terrorism . 
  fear is stopping adnvancement . 
  * so in other words , less assholes and douchebag gamers . 
  not gon na happen . 
  * `` gamers '' `` fandoms '' fuck everything up, 
  all i see in this is an attempt to make the gaming community self-police criticism . 
  not that theknow was not already very much in bed with the industry ( everything is at least okay ) and not with the consumers ( gamers ) . 
  also , [ 30fps is apparently fine and making an objective list of games that only run at 30fps is bad , because an author 's subjective opinion led to the creation of the list in the first place ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxgx2zxraya ) . 
  a simple question for dice la and / u/tiggr . 
  are you working on the next battlefield game ( mp ) ? 
  your cfo , blake jorgensen [ confirmed ] ( http://ca.ign.com/articles/2015/07/30/new-battlefield-game-coming-in-2016 ) that there will be another battlefield title and it will release in 2016 . 
  that means it must be deep in production . 
  if you are not working on it at the moment , then will the cte code and gameplay improvement make it into the new battlefield game ? 
  ( i post it here because i 'm wondering if all the work we ... well , you have done during the cte program ends with bf4 or lives on in bf5 and beyond - high tickrate , spread balancing approach etc. 
  etc. ), 
  i wrote this into the chat : `` are you all idiots ? '', 
  ( yeah , silly , but in my defense , the team was simply horrible , 3 battleships got killed by tbs just because they kept sailing in a straight line ) and got banned for a day due to `` complaining '', 
  interesting :d, 
  some of the sounds are missing completely ( i use the stereo sound setting ) in the cte currently . 
  i 'm not entirely sure if it 's a map thing , but it definitely happens on zavod night every single time and multiple people complain about it in the chat . 
  i 'm just checking that it is a known bug , since it would be a small disaster if the patch released with half the sounds missing for ( some ) people . 
  open the original link and use http://uneddit.com to see what 's been deleted . 
  this was the top voted post in the thread ( by / u/i-amonly-joking ) , iirc it had 200 + upvotes :, 
   what i do n't understand is that so many people who are for this massive boom of immigration also seem to hate their own culture . 
  in sweden a major news paper even published an article called , `` is swedish culture worth keeping ? '' . 
   whats so bad about european culture , and whats better with a culture where woman are far beneath men on the social ladder , or where homosexuals are shunned because they love someone with the same gender ? 
  those views are so intolerant , why do you want it into your community ? 
   why should we just give and give while never demanding something back ? 
  is n't it okay to demand that they adapt to us , the host country , the country they felt are better than the one they left , instead of trying to change us to them ? 
   and people say , `` do n't generalise , most of them are cool , '' and sure thats true , when things go as they want . 
  does anyone remember what happened when salman rushdie wrote the satanic verses ? 
  it was major uproars in the uk and in other parts of europe . 
  have you all forgotten what happens when magazines prints certain cartoons ? 
  and i 'm not just talking about charlie hebdo , there has been incidents before also , where people have n't been killed , but still violent protests . 
   the people who are coming are very vocal , and often violent over things that should n't matter , at least not in the civilised world . 
  you can say that multiculturalism is good , but that depends on the cultures you mix , and western culture does not blend well with islamic culture . 
  when so many people come at once , you 're bound to have a culture clash , and that will lead to riots , both started by the natives and the immigrants . 
  and you 're going to get fractions inside the different groups as well . 
  right now it seems like either you are pro immigration , or you will be labeled a right wing neo nazi extremist . 
  why are you who are pro immigration the superior moralists , while we who want less are evil ? 
  there is nothing moral about ruining your own societies . 
  how is it morally correct to import people who hate your way of life ? 
  how is it morally correct towards women who will not be able to feel as safe anymore ? 
   as of right now europe as a lot of other problems , internal problems that we should try to fix . 
  we have a huge number of young people who ca n't find jobs :, 
   maybe we should try and help those ? 
  are n't they supposed to be the future of europe ? 
  and lets talk about the fact that many , if not most of the european countries have a boom of elderly people needing aid and assistance , people who have worked their entire lives and paid taxed , many of them who are being treated like shit because `` we ca n't afford better care , '' its a slap in the face to them spending billions on immigration . 
   we can help those who need help for a fraction of the cost in their native countries . 
  but i know , suggesting something like that is extremely inhumane and makes me literally hitler . 
   could we at least put it to a vote ? 
  are n't most european countries democracies ? 
  in fact , one party in my country suggested it and was ridiculed . 
  think about it , the media , and the opposing parties ridiculed a party for wanting a democratic process in a ` democratic ' country . 
   so far all i hear is , we have to help we have to help , i 'm not hearing anyone coming up with answers to how this ` experiment ' will turn out . 
  when people are so tolerant that they tolerate intolerance , its reasonable to be upset . 
  because thats what a lot of people are doing right now . 
  and the top voted response to that ( by me ) , with 71 upvotes :, 
   neo-progressives , a.k.a. 
  sjws . 
  the cancer of modern society . 
  speaking of sweden , i found this video hilarious : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzl3axcwdz8 ( not that i agree with the dude about liberalism , [ liberal \u2260 progressive ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zh0mpfr-k2u ) ) . 
  ps : afaik uneddit has to store these , so what you 're seeing is the state of the thread at some point in time ( 19 to 16 hours ago , at the time of this post , so it got considerably bigger before getting nuked ) . 
  from my testing of the new sraw :, 
  * 74 damage vs scouts and attack helis ( not even a disable ), 
  * 49 damage vs transport helis ( yes , it now needs 3 sraw hits ), 
  the missile is much faster though . 
  it appears to me that the sraw is now a more newbie friendly launcher at the cost of its ultimate potential . 
  this , coupled with the stinger buff , most likely ends the sraw anti-air era . 
  so , maybe it 's now better vs tanks ? 
  let 's see :, 
  damage vs tanks ( at 90 degrees ) :, 
  * 19 front, 
  * 29 side, 
  * 44 back + critical ( immobilize ), 
  compare that to the rpg :, 
  * 23 front, 
  * 35 side + critical ( low power ), 
  * 55 back + critical ( immobilize ), 
  ** yep . 
  i do n't see a post like this . 
  discussing the changes done and how the new missile actually feels in game . 
  i 'll start :,
