  we have 3 major world-wide media today :, 
  * facebook, 
  * twitter, 
  * youtube, 
  facebook : we all know what facebook 's policies look like when it comes to `` sensitive '' political content , it 's a ban galore . 
  plus they 're ( openly ) listening to what the respective governments tell them . 
  germany and the migrant crisis ( some people would call it a rape crisis ) is a great example ( search for articles about facebook censorship in germany ) . 
  so they 're very much not into this whole freedom of speech thing . 
  twitter : twitter went down the shitter in the last year or so . 
  de-verifying and banning of conservatives , active censorship of trending tags both from the list and from autocomplete . 
  the creation of trust and safety council filled with anti-free speech feminists and cultural marxists . 
  it 's a mess . 
  youtube : the last bastion of true free speech ( within reasonable bounds of the platform ) , youtube , now seems to slowly join the regressive party and they start with the monetization . 
  if this does n't help , the next stop is going to be search result manipulation and the recommend algorithm . 
  ( or maybe this is just a power play before the u.s. presidential election , who knows . ), 
  btw big youtubers have a lot of ways to generate revenue ( patreon , twitch , selling merch , making their own sponsorship and promo deals etc. 
  ) , but where this de-monetization bs hits the hardest is the undergrowth of youtube . 
  the beginners . 
  youtube 's future . 
  for the small youtubers - say 200k subs and under - it 's pretty hard to have a following large enough to have a big patreon or making bank on the merch and so they rely on the ad money the most . 
  these channels will rather not talk about sensitive issues , which is only going to make this already super pc society even worse . 
  edit : [ another bigger one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rp6bobd0lvo ) . 
  i hate to be that guy ... but this is an argument from the 2000s . 
  not because i heard it a million times already ( i did ) , but because we now have 3 world-wide mass media ( fb , twitter , yt ) which hold more power than many governments . 
  the laws in this case simply evolve too slowly compared to the technology . 
  these companies are now so big and so influential , it 's insane for us to just hand-wave the freedom of speech issue and say that they can do whatever they want because they 're not governments . 
  they 're bigger than the governments . 
  btw i hope that you realize that the situation can reverse and the `` right wings '' may end up controlling one of these ( or whatever comes next ) and you might wind up getting the the short end of the stick . 
  once a media company gets past a certain audience size ( e.g. 
  a high percentage of the population ) , they should be regulated/audited so they do n't blatantly abuse their power in the form of going after certain political or cultural views - which otherwise follow the platform 's tos ( ha , surely i 'm crazy as i 'm obviously both a right winger but also calling for more government control , which is not very right wingy ... hmm , it 's almost as if people can pick and choose both from the left leaning and the right leaning political ideas ), 
  speaking of the constitution : do you think that the 1st amendment would look the same if you took a time machine and told the founding fathers that there will be this massive , monolithic , unchecked and unregulated media company with an audience of 1.71 billion people ( a quarter of the planet 's population ) ? 
  i do n't . 
  the freedom of association and peaceful assembly could be easily extended and modernized to include the biggest social networks . 
  plot twist : the whale will now get to breed and produce offspring of questionable seal hunting skills . 
  half of them will get beached and die . 
  1000 seals saved . 
  it 's no more weird than having an issue with feminism . 
  the [ 80s feminism ] ( https://twitter.com/chsommers ) ( also called second-wave ) is what most reasonable people think of when you say feminism ( well , until recenly ) . 
  but these days , it 's all about [ third-wave feminism ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=third+wave+feminism ) . 
  very different things and very different goals ( one is about equality while the other is about superiority ) ... but the same name . 
  gender studies can be perfectly respectable , but lately , they 're not - for the same reasons as third-wave feminism . 
  rich piana here !, 
  i thought a netflix season was available in one go ? 
   they need to milk the money cow even more . 
  i 'd love to see their metrics on this . 
  the fact that they are/were even thinking of lowering it probably means it 's not that much of a cash cow . 
  maybe they were hoping for more people playing t10 when there was that live reduced repair bill test going on and so based on that they probably decided it was not worth it economically , who knows ... 
  my experience with the game is that since i got to montana like 6 months ago , i 've played it only like 45 times , mostly \\* because of the prohibitive costs of repairs ... and i use a premium account . 
  i ca n't imagine playing t10 without a premium account ( unless you happen to have deep pockets and can just buy millions of credits with doubloons ) . 
  the t10 meta sucks . 
  it really does . 
  it 's a carrot for the people new to the game , but most veterans play primarily t6-t8 and just freshen it up a bit once in a while with some t4/t5 or t9/10 games . 
  \\* the t10 economy encourages not taking too much damage over dealing as much damage as you can , which in turn encourages the terrible and boring gameplay of 20km bb sniping . 
  edit : typos/phrasing . 
   whoever caught us needs to be found and made to pay for it !, 
  and if you want those bastards to pay , [ vote for hillary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4aiipcdslu ) !, 
  ps : we must prevent trump from getting those nuclear codes , who knows what he might do with them !, 
  you play what you enjoy ... t10 games * can * be fun , just be prepared that anything but a great ( replace great with flawless if you do n't have a premium account ) performance will leave you in the red if you like to play even a bit aggressively . 
   north carolina is the best t8 bb in my opinion . 
  amazing armor , amazing guns , amazing aa , amazing concealment , and good maneuverability . 
  those were the days ... good memories ... then the german bbs were released ... :d, 
  roxy raye , chanel preston - anal hotties ( scene 1 ), 
  great video and the comments are on point too !, 
   it always brings me joy when i see white and black people getting along . 
   they 're just proving that they wo n't shoot a full grown male just because their young get near it . 
  go on ... 
   `` of course it runs bad , we have n't optimized even a tiny bit yet ! '', 
  yeah , as someone with experience in ue4 , i can totally believe that . 
  i do n't follow the game for some time now , but they were making a terrible name for the engine . 
  i do n't want to make them sound like idiots , they most likely started on an early version of ue4 and never got to learn and/or redo all the stuff that changed/improved in the engine . 
  in a way , they were probably unlucky as the features like vegetation they seemed to rely on early improved by leaps and bounds later ... these are not `` optimizations '' in the order of a few % as people usually imagine them - i 'm talking about whole new ways of rendering shit , stuff like distance field volumes ( used anywhere from shadows to gpu particle collision physics ) , order of magnitude more efficient vegetation rendering , dynamic generation of 2d proxies of distant objects etc. 
  ark looked to me like a designer 's or artist 's game first , programmer 's second . 
  maybe it has changed as they got popular , but it certainly appeared like a `` game designer runs wild '' type of game in the beginning . 
  also , all the basic dino animations told the story of a few artists and a few animators doing what they could , but nobody really bothering with building a robust and flexible movement system first . 
  if they used all the early features of ue4 from the view of artists and designers without strong technological base , i can see how they ran into performance problems as you 've had to be on point with the performance sensitive areas . 
  edit : managed to look up one of my experiements from the time when one of the big vegetation updates has been released ( december 2014 ) :, 
   ~ 25k instances of sm_bush , ~ 20m triangles . 
   this runs ~ 2fps in 4.6 and ~ 35fps in 4.7 ( hd6970 2gb ) . 
   ( i just used the foliage tool with sm_bush , touched nothing else . ), 
  notice the old ass 6970 ( my old work pc 's gpu ) , it 's not like this ran on a titan . 
  excuse the square format and programmer art , it 's a screenshot from one of the editor 's windows ( but it was running on epic shader setting and with temporal supersample aa turned on ) . 
  anyways , what you 're seeing is 25 thousand bushes , pushing close to 20m triangles ( it would run even faster if the bushes had lods ) and running @ 35fps on a hd6970 . 
  there was * no * reason for ark to ran as bad as it did . 
  kill the owner , fine the dog . 
  uh huh https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4aiipcdslu, 
  anyone playing this with kb ? 
  what are your settings ? 
  wannna try this at work but the defaults seem bad . 
  ( and yes , gamepad yadda yadda , i 'm not gon na play with a gamepad at work ... also i suck at analog sticks :p ), 
   use its advantages . 
  get in real close ( only if possible ) or try and set up opportunities to get close . 
  gneisenau will demolish other t7 bbs at close range, 
  yep , i really like the ship because of these qualities . 
  so much fun . 
  other t7 ( and lower ) bbs just run away from you and if they do n't you get to dominate . 
  32 battles in , 71.88 % winrate and 75,827 avg damage . 
  awesome ship . 
   talk about using a bad example for comparison . 
  is it bad ? 
  why use an old/obscure reference if a recent example is present ?
