  all these games ( yes , including warframe ) have a set of basic gameplay mechanics ( or base game loop or whatever you want to call it ) that repeats ad nauseam . 
  this concept of a `` grind '' is something brought over from games like world of warcraft where the main gameplay loop sucks , nobody likes it because it 's unsatisfying and boring ( which is based on the fact that most mmos have atrocious combat based on full-tab or semi-tab targeting and hotkey mashing ) and they stay in the game for the community and the world ( by which i mean persistent , open world with cities and economy and player market and side activities and story quests etc. ) ... 
  and then obviously these people complain about the `` grind '' . 
  i did this myself back in the day when i played mmorpgs . 
  playing the games i listed because you like the core gameplay mechanics in ** not ** grinding . 
  i firmly believe that people who call it a grind just do n't like the gameplay loop , which is okay , but needs to be pointed out , as other people may miss out on the game because of this idea that `` it 's grindy '' . 
  what all these games have in common is that yes , they do limit your progression ( to various degrees - while battlefields lock you out of gadgets , guns and attachments by using an xp unlock system , warframe does effectively the same , it just does it more aggressively because of its bussiness model - both games allow you to `` pay 2 skip '' ) , but that is nothing more than a necessary evil ( needed for player retention which is needed for the bussiness model to work ... keep more players playing longer by making them work towards unlocking something ) and ( this is very important ) they do n't offer almost anything else outside of their main gameplay loops . 
  like tb said in his video , warframe is not really a mmo and neither are the other games i listed . 
  there is no reason for you to play the game unless you like the core gameplay loop and this is not the case in many traditional mmorpgs !, 
   focus on the journey , not the destination . 
  joy is found not in finishing an activity but in doing it . 
  ^ that quote does n't apply to most mmorpgs since the players either dislike the combat or are in the game for a completely different reason . 
  another thing worth mentioning :, 
  i have spent nearly 1000 hours in bf4 . 
  500 hours in world of warships . 
  100 hours in warframe . 
  these three together make for a ton of my gameplay in the last 2-3 years ( 90 % ? ) ... 
  wow , so many hours !, 
  i 'm almost 30 years old , yet ... 
  i do n't feel like i 'm wasting time , i do n't feel like i `` need to be in the game for 3 hours , starting at 20:00 '' ( like i would feel in any `` serious '' mmo with raids and travelling and economy and all that stuff ) . 
  i get home from work , i play for a bit ( say an hour or two a day , on average ) , and it feels great . 
  in that time , you can do a survival mission in warframe and get a ton of credits/mods/materials , or several standard missions . 
  or i can play 2-5 matches in battlefield . 
  or i can play 2-5 battles in world of warships . 
  i guess what i 'm trying to say is that i can play all these games for hundreds and hundreds of hours , while the gameplay feels awesome and engaging to me , while i still feel like i have a life outside of video games . 
  traditional mmorpgs ca n't provide that , both because of their structure and because of their poor minute to minute gameplay ... so there 's a `` grind '' and there 's a grind . 
   in order to get an equivelant of a dog companion , you need to get an argon crystal , this resource , dissapears after 3 days !, 
  3 bloody days !, 
  you get tower keys as rewards from all kinds of regular missions . 
  there 's constant spam in the recruiting chat `` h t3 surv '' etc. , in which people advertise that they have the key and need a group . 
  the `` i do n't have keys to void '' argument is absolutely invalid . 
  yes , argon crystals are a rare resource , but it 's not like you ca n't get them any time you need them . 
  plus , argon crystals are not needed that often ( and when they 're needed , it 's like 1-3 , which means 1-5 missions will give you that ) . 
   trading is also preety annoying, 
  while trading is kinda annoying ( as it 's all manual ) , you seem to have a wrong idea about the player market : outside of a few things ( mostly mods and prime parts ) , you ca n't trade in warframe . 
  this is on purpose . 
  the game does n't have an economy to speak of and so trading is redundant for the majority of the game ( edit : as / u/zptc pointed out below , you will need to sell some of your spare prime parts and/or mods if you do n't want to pay for platinum , but do want to expand your inventory space ) . 
  you get everything you need from the missions . 
  any platinum you use is literally you just paying to skip , there is nothing of value that ca n't be earned in the game , but can be bought from the marketplace for platinum . 
  now of course if you want to get something like nekros warframe or atlas warframe , you wo n't be able to do the missions required for a long time , but that 's the price you pay for the game being free to play . 
  ( and even that is not something set in stone , because if you are in a decent clan or have a set of warframe friends , you can get the stuff you need real fast as they can taxi you to the required planets and help you with the enemies . ), 
   some of the items you need really early on ( like forma for dojo building ) are super hard to get for new players , so you have to dip into your pockets to speed things up, 
  dojo is not something you 're supposed to build by yourself . 
  it 's not an accessory to your character , it 's literally a clan hall - and it 's just as expensive ( or even more so ) to build and upgrade your clan hall in other games . 
  the fact that warframe allows you to make your own dojo basically from the start does n't mean that you should do so . 
  saying that you need it `` early on '' is completely false . 
  i play from the beginning of december and in that time , i got a 75 % discount twice and 25 % discount once . 
  oh crap , forgot about those . 
  as someone who has never seen the x files , this was one of the worst pilots i 've seen in my life . 
  terrible writing and terrible acting . 
  i mean , any 3rd grade filler episode of fringe ( which was also a fox production ) was less cringe worthy than this . 
   the only democracy there is iran , and its not secular . 
  it 's hard to have a democracy when your first reaction to someone not sharing your beliefs is to stone them ... 
  institutionalized patriarchy !, 
  we need to bully valve into implementing a gender quota for new registrations . 
  i 'm not talking about iran , he mentioned that only iran has democracy and i said why :d, 
  a lot of people , especially console-only gamers have an incredible hate boner for star citizen . 
  pretty sad , if you ask me . 
  the only thing you can objectively protest right now is the delays ( then again , delays are a normal thing in game development ) , the content there is so far is consistent with the vision people bought into . 
  i mean , all i see is one sad , useless , talentless hack of a developer ( yes , i 'm talking about derek smart ) and a bunch of whiners with zero arguments ( except bs smart feeds them ) on one side and the game 's alpha 2.1 ( that i can play right now ) on the other side . 
  you do n't know shit . 
  what feature creep ? 
  the game 's scope is set in stone for god knows how long , they do n't have new stretch goals since like 30m or something like that ... what are are you talking about ? 
  you heard somewhere sometime something about feature creep and now you 're just parroting it ( yes , a game that asked for like 3m or whatever got like 10 times as much ... yeah , no shit their feature list expanded back then ) . 
  too much rng . 
   me friend tried , got lovely homophobic insults shouted at him . 
  in warframe ? 
  for what , wanting to trade or looking for a group ? 
  i do n't really believe you . 
  ( i never seen that , so i can only imagine it 's very rare , plus de has been known to ban for that behavior in the past . ), 
  if we were talking about one of the mobas or something like battlefield 4 , i 'd totally believe you , but warframe ? 
  not so much ... 
   to get into groups consistently , you need to have a minimum number of options ( trinity/frost/nova for example ), 
  i just do n't see it . 
  i used valkyr for like 75 % of my gameplay and never had a problem . 
  sure , you 'll see people looking for groups to draco etc. 
  and they say `` ev trin '' ( energy vampire ) so they have better farm , but these are specific requests that do n't need to apply to you ... you can always do draco just by using the matchmaker , tower misions are rarely advertised with `` need ev '' etc. 
  hell , you can do sorties through the matchmaker and usually ( not always ) you 'll get a decent group that knows what they 're doing and the 3 missions are a breeze . 
  i did all my dragon key runs just by making a group from the recruiting chat ( and i have a lot of corrupted mods , so i probably did more than i should :d ) ... so , yeah . 
  i never had an issue of not being able to do the missions i wanted to do and that is even before i was in a decent clan . 
  as for the whole `` need to ask to do x '' thing : maybe it 's because i 'm older and i grew up on mmorpgs like lineage , but i actually like that for you to do the end game stuff , you actually need to find a group by talking to people rather than pressing a button . 
  with the amount of donations ... he 'll be playing requests for next 5 streams ... 
  sort by new ; problem fixed, 
  hey , thanks for posting pianoimproman , it was pretty darn awesome . 
  warframe best community confirmed :p, 
   to start a conversation on, 
  that 's the latest of the crazy talk of the sjws when some of their claims or stories bomb ... `` yeah , but ... well , at least it started an important conversation ! '' . 
  lol . 
   i 've never crated my dog , and have never had any of those issues . 
  same here . 
  he 's 14 years old now . 
  just train your dog what you want it to do or not to do ... it 's not rocket science . 
  you definitely do n't need a cage for your dog to not `` cry all night '' or `` have a mental breakdown '' when you leave for the day . 
  btw who the fuck `` goes on vacation '' and leaves their dog at home , alone ? 
  how the fuck does that even work ? 
  you let him shit on your floors ? 
  this `` preview pet supplies store employee '' is an idiot . 
  ps : prefacing your comment with `` pet supplies store employee here '' gives the words that follow about as much additional legitimacy as `` walmart store employee here '' . 
  i mean ... yeah , it looks awful , but i ca n't really imagine a more humane way of killing a lot of chicks quickly . 
  exodus is crap , counselor is crap , prometheus is crap .
