  any louder and the sound is no longer just passing through the air , it 's pushing the air along with it ( a [ shock wave ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=burex8afbms ) ) . 
   it 's not so much that the earth would vaporise , all of our atmosphere would liquefy from the immense pressure waves , the resulting wave through the earth 's crust and core would completely destabilise it , tearing the earth apart from the inside . 
  that 's complete nonsense . 
  tearing the earth apart from the inside ? 
  lol . 
  you 'd need at least 5.4 \u00d7 10 ^ 22 tons of tnt to do that ( to overcome the gravitational binding energy of the earth ) . 
  300db you talk about is nothing . 
   source ; audio technology bsc . 
  what 's up with the 45 jump ? 
  people are tired of early access , let alone greenlight !, 
  the problem with the article is that the author expects greenlight to do the work for them . 
  it does n't work that way ... not anymore anyway ( since valve opened the steam trash floodgates ) . 
  at its core , greenlight is ( or at least should be ) just a method for games without publishers to get on steam . 
  you , the developer , have to bring the fans to vote for your game . 
  `` if valve wants to keep greenlight around '' they have to do this and this and that ... no . 
  greenlight needs two voting buttons , that 's about it . 
  no amount of bullshit incentives will make people care about some random ( unfinished ) game x when they have 5000 of them in the store already . 
  the idea that greenlight should be some kind of discovery platform died the moment valve decided to stop curating things getting on steam and it was flooded with crap . 
  the end result is that nobody cares anymore . 
  there 's too much shit ( sometimes literally :d ) , people have been burned before and the steam indie bubble is ready to burst ( evidence of this is omnipresent , just look at the steam spy 's #indiepocalypse articles or humble bundle 's stepbacks as a company ) . 
  so , the ultimate question is : how did we get to this situation ? 
  i 'll borrow the answer from one of the steam spy 's articles :, 
   mirko ernkvist detailed three key drivers that lead to changes like this . 
  of course , he was n't talking about indiepocalypse , but all his three factors apply here as well . 
   disruptive technology -- unity , unreal and many other ready available professional-grade tools made developing games seem easy . 
  even my son managed to make a simple platforming game in unity when he was 13 years old . 
   that leads us to the second horseman of the apocalypse -- low barrier of entry . 
  because everyone now has access to necessary tools and education , everyone can , theoretically , develop a game . 
  it leads to the flood of aspiring game developers , trying to create something new . 
   the flood creates the third key driver -- lack of differentiation . 
  how many retro-style action platformers do we really need ? 
  do we actually want this many bad-looking games with fake `` 8-bit '' graphics ? 
  i mean , some of them are good , brilliant even , but how can you hope to find a great game when they all look the same ? 
   what greenlight should be is a demo zone . 
  that 's a great idea actually . 
  that way , you add something of value to a system that currently does n't have any intrinsic value ( to the customers ) . 
  haha !, 
  for real though , the nsa is watching ... 
  lmao , the guy probably deleted his account in shame after realizing what this is about, 
  dude ... the op just links to www.reddit.com/user/me which redirects you to your profile 's page . 
  it 's a prank . 
  it 's alright . 
  i mean , you now have to be on point ( smaller explosion radius ) , but you still need the same amount of c4 to kill a tank , so ... 
  i 'm fine with it . 
  the op links to `` www.reddit.com/user/me '' , you 've been pranked :p feel free to post your build, 
  my sides ... they are gone ... xd, 
  at this point , we have to ask ourselves : has science gone too far ? 
  well , that escalated quickly . 
  no need to be depressed about comment karma , most people do n't get much . 
  sure . 
  you even have a battlelog filter for tickrate ... 
   whatever , i do n't care . 
  i have n't had this much fun since the spring patch . 
  +1 if only more people had such an approach . 
  anything in the game that is n't overpowered ( and break balance ) , but offers a unique/fun experience should stay in the game no matter what . 
  and ideally available to anyone . 
  i really do n't get the fuss some people are making about ( the availability of ) the phantom bow . 
  it 's been long enough . 
  if you 're salty about everyone getting it now , you probably should reevaluate your priorities in life . 
  the last mcom is a nasty killzone ( the attackers * really * have to be on point there to have any chance of winning ) , i know the last mcom should be the most difficult , but i 'd tone it down a bit ( e.g. 
  by placing a few cover spots on the way to it ) . 
  other than that ... 
  i had quite a bit fun !, 
  i 've seen people complain about no cover etc. , but other than the last mcom , smoke pretty much solves that . 
   leave nature alone , and nature leaves you alone . 
  lies . 
  tell that to wasps and hornets !, 
   sjw, 
  and, 
   liberal, 
  pick one . 
  anyone who thinks that is not an aimbot/snapbot needs to watch some csgo or bf4 tournaments . 
   they should be able to tank a couple hits without spinning out of control, 
  yep . 
  you can now easily take even a smaw to the side and be fine . 
  snowmobile superiority is crazy fun , jeep superiority is also good !, 
  skid loader superiority is meh , you just try to push each other while the game 's physics freak out . 
  skid loader superiority is fun just for a few minutes imo , the rest of them are great though . 
   bf4 team, 
  unofficially known as ( soon to be ) battlefield something new team ? 
  go back to chasing soccer moms on facebook , dad . 
  people these days ... 
  nice engrish . 
  flying ragdolls are awesome !, 
  do n't give them ideas !, 
  this will be ** super shit ** . 
  am i missing something here , sargon ? 
  the guy talked about different countries and even same sex marriages ( and how male-male marriages end in divorces far less often than female-female ones ) later on in the video . 
  that directly contradicts your suspicion at [ 11:32 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0odwoowcl0&amp;t=11m31s ) . 
  btw critizing someone 's video and then saying `` i only watched the first few minutes '' is disrespectful as fuck , especially since you make such long videos yourself . 
  it 's kinda funny that your largest middleware vendors are now microsoft ( havok ) and arm ( enlighten ) :d, 
  i can see the prebaking of visibility of geometry being an issue ( as you need the sdk , not just the runtime , to do that ) , but you do n't need to ship mod tools with indirect lighting rebake capability . 
  the physics argument i do n't get , i mean most of the games with mod tools use havok . 
  as for the build server stuff , that 's just an excuse . 
  management excuse . 
  i get it , ea does n't want any piece of frostbite out there ( for some reason ) , and that 's fine , but do n't feed us this old story please . 
  even if you would n't want to reengineer the way frostbite editor/tools work , you could still make a simple locally hosted server the editor would talk to . 
   offensive speech actually needs more protection than inoffensive speech, 
  bravo , that is the crucial point everyone should realize in all these `` hate speech '' debates . 
  politically correct ideas do n't need nearly as much protection * by definition * of them being politically correct .
