  you can argue that respawn point placement is a matter of careful balance , but in the case of bf4 , that 's just bullshit . 
  take shanghai domination , for example . 
  [ terrible spawn points ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wfiw1gs.jpg ) . 
  plus the game ignores current enemy placement , like i already said . 
  holy fuuuuuuuuck, 
  holy hell , that 's perfect !, 
  same here , amd too . 
  it also stutters . 
  started today after the patch . 
  heli whore alert !, 
  laser is great , because it makes it easier for me to spot the enemies and make my k/d higher :d it 's like a brilliant pointer saing hello , i 'm here , shoot at me !, 
  my game stutters , has lower performance and crashes since the last patch . 
  how 's that better ? 
  yeah , 120 < 130 . 
  200 % xp boost + double xp weekend to the rescue ? 
  i . . kind of agree , but not quite . 
  to explain : i 'm not against ( disclosed ) sponsored coverage , but i ca n't help to take such content with a grain of salt . 
  i simply ca n't bring myself to trust a review/impression/opinion of a person x about product y , if the producer of the product y also pays for its coverage by the person x. 
  case in point : bigger battlefield channels ( jackfrags , levelcap etc. ) . 
  they 're talking about their impressions , how this works , how that 's fun and all i can see is that ea ronku logo and `` sponsored by ea '' disclaimer . 
  at that point you can say whatever the hell you want , but the trust is just not there . 
  this gets especially awkward if the impressions are overly positive . 
  imagine tb being sponsored by ubisoft for doing watch dogs first impressions video . 
  who the hell needs their ass warmed while they play ? 
  mine warms itself and i ai n't even fat :d, 
  even blind can score against brazil !, 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm a big fan of tnl , he ( they ? ), 
  has one of the best compilations out there . 
  on the linked site there 's also http://www.dumpert.nl/mediabase/6608130/a380dd55/dumpert_3_rusland.html?thema=twisternederland ( of the new videos ) :d, 
  cs is not nearly as entertaining to watch . 
  mobas are kinda like a more complex version of speed chess with bursts of exciting moments . 
  once you 've seen a couple of cs matches , you 've pretty much seen them all . 
   why is this turning me on . 
  because it 's porn ? 
  way too many cs kids around here . 
  fps is never going to be a big spectator sport , deal with it . 
  yes . 
  flash hider . 
  because i 'm not a noob :p, 
   the long tradition behind this event, 
  yeah , you could say crucifixion also has a long tradition . 
  and you know what ? 
  let 's burn some witches , i 'm sure it will bring a huge boom for the local economy !, 
   press awards for unfinished products mean nothing . 
  what a weird thing to bring up . 
  exactly this . 
  such game journalist ciclejerk just rubs me the wrong way . 
  load of shit . 
  except that my fps halved ... 
  am i the only one who finds the art style ... bland ? 
  and the graphics bad ( mainly texture resolution ) ? 
  i mean , look at [ these mushrooms ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juemg0g1ung&amp;t=1m20s ) ( those are just an example ) . 
  nobody wants crysis here , but it 's a shame that the graphics are at such a level that it disrupts my immersion . 
  divinity : original sin has had similar development budget , yet it looks beautiful . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm looking forward to the game , but to me , fallout 2 looks better . 
  it 's like the difference between stronghold and stronghold 2 - one is 2d , second 3d , but thanks to the engine and/or limited budget , the second one looks much less appealing . 
  `` new ue4 game '' ... we are going to hear this a lot in the next few years . 
   ue4 is an affordable , documented , scalable beast of an engine that continues to evolve at a rapid pace and epic 's communication with the community is excellent . 
  ue3 's proliferation was nothing , ue4 will blow it out of the water . 
  dude what the fuck are you even talking about . 
  r/worldnews is like a tabloid of the internet , what `` discourse '' ? 
  if you ban russia today you might as well ban fox . 
  same coin , different sides . 
  you mess with the bull ... you get the horns . 
  i must say that if it were up to me , i would n't be so kind as israel is and i 'd take rockets fired from gaza as an act of aggression and retaliate with full force , civilians or not . 
   being constantly on the move , take shots at enemies and quickly disappears into an alleyway . 
  this guy gets it . 
  it 's not a map that supports that slower , methodic , tactical movement . 
  it 's a clusterfuck , but in a good way . 
  if you 're constantly on the move and use some cqc beast of a weapon , you 'll dominate . 
  also : it 's one of the very few maps where you can be effective with shotguns ( if you avoid longer alleyways ) . 
  i played like 10 matches on the map so far and i do n't remeber being killed by c4 even once and just a few times by an rpg . 
  if i compare that to somethig like shanghai domination rooftop explosive spam , it 's night and day difference ( in favor of pearl market ) . 
  that 's not really an issue with ue4 . 
  first of all , ue4 uses pbr which helps a ton with making custom materials , second ue4 is a much more a general-purpose game engine than ue3 was . 
  look at the example content they produced - 2d game , isometric 3d game , strategy game , racing game , shooter game , elemental demo , infiltrator demo , realistic rendering demo . 
  they all look quite different . 
  fortnite also looks different . 
   good news for developers , bad news for gamers, 
  i disagree . 
  gamers will get better looking games ( and get them faster ) , because indie developers are getting an access to the latest and greatest tech while not having to spend time with making their own tools ( and potentially using not so productive tools , because good luck with making an artist toolset as productive as blueprint currently is ) . 
   it 's a dream come true for indie devs as well . 
  yea , i was mainly talking about indie devs . 
   innocent civilian life, 
  implying harboring terrorists is just being an innocent civilian . 
   people defend absurdities like it 's the most normal thing ever . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty annoyed by all the muslim trash myself !, 
  that 's a huge bummer for cryengine and only shows the amount of problems crytek must have . 
  tiago is one of the core renderer guys , he is one of the guys who came up with [ smaa ] ( http://www.iryoku.com/smaa/ ) etc. 
  i 'm suprised ( and excited ! ), 
  that he 's moving to id ... that could mean he sees a future in the studio and its technology ( this is a man with such a background that he could easily apply to any studio in the world ) . 
  you could make an argument that cryengine did n't either [ hit the gaming market at large ] . 
  i mean sure , there are a few ce3 games out there , but none of them come even remotely close to the level of fidelity crytek managed to pump into crysis 3 . 
  so on that front , i do n't think this will change much . 
  haha , so true, 
  not the sand , look up other nuclear test videos ( where even stuff like paint on cars and buses , wooden buildings , utility poles etc. 
  start to produce smoke instantly ) , this occurs before the shockwave hits , they 're being flash-roasted by the intense heat of the nuclear explosion ( thermal radiation accounts for 35-45 % of the energy released in the explosion ) . 
  edit : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyuskwhb3sk ( kinda nsfw ), 
  wheee , more of the things that made the original great !,
