  which is exactly what he said . 
  could the way this whole thing panned out be considered `` police brutality '' ? 
  maybe . 
  the defense was a bit over the top . 
  do i think the cop should be charged for doing this or have i shed a single tear for that drunk trash ? 
  ** fuck no ** . 
  probably because of the old gen console memory pool . 
   video games blew that up cause the internet is the playground of gamers . 
  it 's not just that ( even though it has a lot to do with that ) , it 's also a perfect combination of other individual opportunities :, 
  * unlike film ( for example ) , video games are still very young and the older demographic of the media consumers mostly either does n't care about video games or looks at them negatively . 
  this also makes those people 's opinions more likely to be negatively affected by the media . 
  it 's easy to dismiss something you do n't ( want to ) understand . 
  this sadly works even on people who should know better ( and these people often do similar things the professional victims they support accuse people of doing ! ) . 
  joss whedon 's tweets on gamergate are a prime example of this . 
  * united states are pretty much the main hub of online media written in english and a surprising amount of online media is located in ( or aligned with ) san francisco , which is a well known social justice hub . 
  unlike film journalists ( for example ) , video game journalists seem to rarely consider video games as a valid career goal and this creates certain groups of individuals who do n't * really * care about video games and are not writing about them because they want to , but because they did n't get a better job ( yet ) . 
  these people then make it their temporary career goal to push their political agenda ( be it the concepts of social justice , privilege , neo-feminism , asexuality , entitlement or anything else ) . 
  * there are video game content creators that are willing to side with ( or at least listen to ) the professional victims either because they fear the repercussions ( from the media ) and/or it 's the easiest thing to do and/or the content creator is already infiltrated by people with neo-progressive thinking ( * cough * bioware * cough * ) . 
  try crying about the bimbo women characters in transformers ... you will never ever see sjws go after someone like michael bay , as he , the fans and the whole industry would just laugh in their faces and move on ; video games , on the other hand , are an easy target . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  ea will not make separate games for separate systems . 
  the game will always have to be designed to work on the lowest common denominator hw and there are only so many things you can do separately . 
  core engine features , gameplay features , game logic , animations and audio are usually the same across all platforms . 
  rendering tends to be easier to crank up on pc or new consoles but even that has limits . 
  for example , you ca n't really do pbr if you have to make last gen versions . 
  pretty much anything that would require a lot of extra work for separate versions of the game is just not cost effective and therefore not being done . 
  btw : battlefront 3 , for example , has pbr and it is ps4/xbone/pc only , combined with the massive 8gb pool of available memory ( well , massive at least compared to 256mb ) , the base line of gameplay , physics and graphics fidelity could be 10 times higher than we see frostbite 3 pushing now . 
  so even though we , the pc gamers , can have titans , octocores and 32gb memory pools , we are still * very much * limited by what the consoles can support . 
  what kind of pleb uses linux . 
  what are you playing , a php script ? 
  it was obviously a joke , dude ... way to overreact . 
  you can easily ignore it or setup your system in such a way that it does n't bother you . 
   the registry is a mess and massively antiquated . 
  a typical user does n't give a shit about that . 
  a gamer is a typical os user . 
   the file system is from 1993 . 
  literally . 
  same thing as above . 
  or do you want to claim that the lastest ssd will be significantly faster in linux or that dota 2 will run and/or load faster in linux ? 
  it will not . 
  ( sorry about using dota 2 , but it 's by far the highest profile game that supports linux . ), 
   no centralized software repositories . 
  in this day and age , this is again a feature mostly useful for power users/programmers/system geeks . 
  and even then , once you get on the bleeding edge / unstable and development branches ( i.e. 
  you do n't want a year old build , but the latest thing ) , your experience will go bad real quick ( dependency hell is real especially if the sw you 're looking for does n't have an official dist package and/or you have to build from source ) . 
  people joke about windows servers but i never had so many problems with trying to keep stuff up to date like i had when i used linux . 
  but to get back to `` relevant '' advantages of gaming on windows : the damn games work and run well . 
  / thread :p, 
  app store is a centralized repository with a payment system . 
  yes . 
  just like windows store is . 
  what it is not , however , is a centralized repository * of bundles * , meaning that if you get a program from the app store and the program supports your device , you 're golden . 
  automatic dependency tracking is a double edged sword , especially in linux ecosystems where a fucking calculator can require 20 packs of dependencies just because of the way the open source community works . 
  you rarely see requirements beyond vc redist , dx redist or . net redist on windows . 
   except when they do n't , like with most console ports, 
  that has nothing to do with the os . 
  and it would have the same shortcomings on the linux . 
  therefore i do n't see your point . 
  not to burst your bubble , but pretty much anything in linux is a `` 3rd-party software '' . 
  it can be free , but that does n't change much . 
  in the linux ecosystem , often the os * itself * is made by making a budle of products from different entities . 
  which is not always a win . 
  the results are the same : you have a different set of people/ideals/quality control/support/licences =  3rd-party software . 
  ~ 220k people were playing hardline last weekend ( it was saturday - i think - when i checked ) . 
  the game 's population is dropping like a rock . 
   i much rather trust an open source os that has millions of eyes, 
  [ uhhh ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heartbleed ) . 
  that is not easier for a typical computer user in any way , shape or form . 
  even experienced pc users may not know their way around the console and the available commands !, 
  people like guis and clicking things . 
  * power * shell is nice for * power * users , not your typical joe . 
  the day when you linux people get this into your thick skulls will be the day linux goes mainstream . 
  anyway ... getting back to that skype example , when i open skype.com , the site automatically forwards me to its localized edition and there 's a big green `` download skype '' button . 
  i click it and now i 'm presented with huge device tabs , clear as a day , one of them is the pc ( selected by default ) and there 's another huge green button `` download skype for windows desktop '' . 
  and that 's it . 
  it could not be any easier , ever . 
  my grandma could do it . 
  the usa and israel have n't fought a decent enemy in over 70 years . 
  and even so , you got your ass handed to you by fucking vietnam and the korean war also was n't exactly a 100 % success , was it . 
  the only thing you managed to successfully attack since then were 3rd world countries with soviet cold-war era garbage armor and poorly trained soldiers for an army . 
  the u.s. army is most likely the most powerful army in the world , but there is no question about the fact that it was not truly tested in a modern conflict . 
  talk about anticlimactic, 
  do people really enjoy doing this kind of bullshit ? 
  smells like too much free time to me . 
  play the fucking game and stop doing random crap . 
  i do n't think we need more videos making fun of battlefield 's `` easter egg hunts '' and i do n't want to read about that shit on this sub all the time all over again . 
  whoop that 's the sound of da police, 
  why ? 
  the game is the easiest of all the souls titles ... you probably die like 30 times instead of 300 xd, 
  inb4 k/d does n't matter, 
  uninformed people . 
  yeah , there were some . 
  but then there were also the ignorant ones . 
  being uninformed is fine , as long as you do n't have a strong opinion on the matter . 
  once you start spewing out strong opinions without being properly informed , that 's when you come off as ignorant . 
  i 'm pretty sure the americans are often seen as ignorant by the rest of the world primarily because of this behavior , * especially * when talking about the world outside of the united states . 
   but only because i was too lazy to get it working over flash media, 
  i was n't ... but except for that , i have exactly the same experience as you just described . 
  flash disk & the cloud is all i need . 
  i can assure you that a typical american does n't give a shit .
