  if i understood correctly , he 's trying to make a comparison of the large groups of people using these products ( iphone , facebook ) who will complain about some `` feature '' , but still use the product , because they feel `` locked in '' ( e.g. 
  iphones - peer pressure and os familiarity , fb - presence of your friends and family ) . 
   about those people that ruins the game by telling the other team where your buddies are, 
  this happened to me maybe once in 1.5 k games in wows . 
   there 's also the toxicitiness, 
  you know what 's worse than complaining ( and swearing ) in the game chat ? 
  complaining about complaining ( and swearing ) in the game chat . 
  i hate that a vocal minority of players cries to the game company about meanies on the internet and then we have all these retarded word filters or even no chat at all . 
  fuck your safe space . 
  [ of course ] ( http://store.steampowered.com/app/441050/ ) . 
  werdum needs to get his smug face blasted off his stupid head . 
  people talk about gall being annoying , but all i 'm seeing is werdum being a massive cunt . 
  needs another ko to put him in his place and send him packing back to brazil . 
  heh , we keep humans in captivity because we do n't like the plants they have chosen to consume ( who otherwise have no criminal history and are not aggressive ) . 
  how can we expect the society to care about the well being of intelligent animals when we ca n't do that even for our own kind ? 
   once the novelty of the german line wears off, 
  unless there 's going to be some serious rebalance happening , the `` novelty '' of the german line is not going anywhere ... because it 's not * just * novelty . 
  there are only two t10 bbs in the game - yamato and kurfurst . 
  [ montana is more like a t9 .5 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sliqwlph5yg ) . 
  the german road to a t10 bb is a breeze and probably the first line in the game that does n't have bad ships . 
  you can find bad and mediocre bbs in both the us and the japanese lines ... not so much in the german line . 
  every single german bb is competitive in its tier . 
   rogan could n't push the agenda anymore, 
  anymore ? 
  he 's been saying the same shit multiple times in his podcasts ( that he really likes punk has taken 2 years under a great coach to learn , but at the end of the day he 's still a 37 year old guy with no pro fights ) ... and he just expanded on it here . 
   the ufc does n't need freakshow fights like this, 
  lesnar is the definition of a freakshow . 
  does the ufc need lesnar ? 
  did lesnar help the ufc reach more people ? 
  probably . 
  [ same goes for punk ] ( https://twitter.com/marc_raimondi/status/775028069446791169 ) . 
  it 's not like these weird crossover things happen every other ppv . 
  funny you mention that https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xtizh9hoc8, 
   even hiroshima and nagasaki only had an affected area of about 4 square miles in the radius around the detonation sites . 
  it would take another nuclear blast at the minimum to deal significant enough damage to say that a city was in danger of being `` wiped out . '', 
  little boy had a 15 kt yield . 
  fat man had a 21 kt yield . 
  the u.s. trident ii slbm ( which is the only nuke that would be used since it 's the ballistic missile carried by the u.s. ssbns in the area ) carries 8 w88 warheads , each of which has a yield of 475 kt . 
  if there ever was a chance of nk launching a serious `` all-in '' attack on sk , just one trident ii could wipe everything off the map in a 20-25 km radius ( and that 's just 8 fireballs and air blasts , 3rd degree burn effects would extend even further ) . 
  just one ohio class ssbn can fire 24 of these missiles . 
  nk does n't have any kind of advanced anti-ballistic missile technology ( or anything even remotely close to it ) so they would have no means of even limiting the amount of damage , let alone preventing it . 
  there is always the question if the u.s. would use its nuclear arsenal to defend its sk ally ... but if they did ( and there 's no reason to believe they would n't ) , no one could really blame them ( the terrain and the size of the nks army would make any conventional counter offensive slow and with vast numbers of sk & u.s. casualties ) . 
  anyone who thinks that an invasion or bombardment by nk would end in any other way than nk ending up as a pile of radioactive ash just does n't know what they 're talking about . 
  nk is still decades away from a decent way of miniaturizing their nukes and advancing their rocket technology until it is able to pose a significant threat . 
  the whole hoopla about sk first strike is about the fact that sk wants their own nukes so they do n't have to rely on the u.s. and also to be recognized as a nuclear power ... it 's not based on any realistic and imminent danger . 
  while that 's true and i do miss the gneisenau torps , bismarck 's higher dpm makes up for them a bit . 
  6 guns ( at least 6 guns that inaccurate ) is just a bit low , even with torps . 
  but , like you said ,, 
   just so nice to have the possibility to go head on to 1-2 ships and get torps off to both get a few hits and flooding , it 's great . 
  so i kept the gneissenau just for the fun factor in that ( especially when t7 often puts you against t5 and t6 bbs who are then completely bamboozled ) . 
  dem 10.6 km secondaries ... absolute madness with manual fire control . 
  they really dropped the ball by not making it a third person shooter first . 
  polish that so it feels great to shoot people and minions ( include shit like headshot multipliers etc. 
  so it rewards accuracy ) , throw in some abilities for the individual heroes and set it all in a bigger dota-like map . 
  have quick movement speed , parkour , jetpacks . 
  the gameplay , especially the movement , should feel like vanquish on a dota map . 
  if they attempted to do that it could have been a fresh take on the genre ... especially given epic 's game design roots ( unreal tournament and gears of war games ) . 
  i find that showing the broadside at mid range is basically a non-issue due to the turtleback ... and mid range is where most of my dpm , especially against cruisers , comes from . 
   does n't that suggest that the bonus from the skill enhances the bonus output from the mod ? 
  well , yeah . 
  you 're adding percentages . 
  i 'm not really sure that it was like this in previous versions , but if it was n't , you can count that as one of the instances of wg being retarded as it was unintuitive . 
  7 + 5 % + 20 % + 20 % is not the same as 7 + 45 % . 
   and i must have missed the signal flag . 
  which is that ? 
  look in the game bro :d ( mike yankee soxisix , you get them for close quarter expert achievements ) . 
  nc yes but iowa ? 
  iowas get into matches with yamatos fairly often and the do n't give a single shit about your bow on position ... you could say that this was ok since you did n't have yamatos firing at you every match , maybe a third to a half of your matches ( depending on your mm luck ) . 
  but all of that changed with the introduction of german bbs where t9 and t10 can citadel you right through the bow ( if they have the 420mm shell upgrade installed ) . 
  something needed to be done and making it so bow on no one can bounce even `` basic '' 406mm shells is an attempt to kill two birds with one stone . 
  this will probably reduce the bow on camping , but it remains to be seen what kind of effect this will have on the t9/t10 balance as with the yamato nerf ( which this essentially is ) the german bbs and their turtleback armor may now be unmatched ( broadside yamato or montana vs broadside kurfurst ... rng being tight and aim true ... kurfurst will always win ) . 
  dds do n't need buffs after half a year of nerfing them . 
  ( by that i do n't mean that some dds may not need some tweaks , but that it makes no sense to keep shaping the dds one way for half a year and then do a 180 on the spot and as a knee jerk reaction to too many bbs . ), 
  all these problems with too many bbs living too long etc. 
  are stemming from the simple fact that wg still did n't figure out the cvs and as they 're now , they 're not that interesting to play . 
  to anyone saying bbs live too long or are too strong , i invite you to play a t10 match with t10 cvs ( with competent captains ) ... so the real problem is the lack of cvs as cvs are supposed to be the primary weakness of bbs . 
  now because wg decided to significantly nerf the whole dd class ( all the added radars , hydros , torp speed and range nerfs . . ) and very few people play cvs ( especially high tier ) , they 're left with their hands tied and hope that they can manage the situation with making it easier for the bbs to delete each other quicker . 
  we 'll see how that works , but i ca n't help the feeling that they backed themselves into a corner they 're now trying to get out of by desperately trying out random design changes . 
  what about this : blm is a borderline terrorist organization ( inspired by an actual terrorist ) which forces its ideology on people through a ) inciting violence or b ) actual violence . 
  blm and the black people are not the same . 
  also , if you think that `` south park validated this '' therefore `` i 'm right '' is something adult people * actually * think ... your view of the `` social issues '' is a joke , pretty much on a level of a 12 year old and you are the one seeing this as `` idiots/racists/bigots / whites versus us '' . 
  it 's pretty much the same argument as `` oh a trump supporter , must be racist , no one but racists can vote for trump . '' ... 
  because anyone who might like this likes it because he 's clearly a racist and this validates their views , otherwise there would be no reason to like it . 
   sp is really baby 's first introduction to social issues . 
  they give stances with nothing to back themselves up but to people who really never take a stance or understand social issues that 's enough for em . 
  it 's a social commentary through comedy . 
  it 's not meant to be a source of your education . 
  no one sane takes it like that . 
  and by the way , some of their episodes last season had really good references and were going in quite deep , but still could have been interpreted in multiple ways by innocent people not touched by the sjw cancer . 
  it 's impossible to actually learn anything about or form an opinion on social justice issues from the last season of south park . 
  saying that sp is `` baby 's first introduction to social issues '' makes no sense . 
  how is a social commentary an introduction to social issues ? 
  your post = gibberish . 
   african american history, 
  yeah let 's talk about slavery again ... slavery that ended 150 years ago . 
   is a terrorist organization, 
  i said * borderline * . 
  blm 's tactics , calling for violence against white people and for `` pigs to be shot '' is very close , if not exactly `` the use of violence and intimidation in pursuit of political aims '' ... i.e. 
  terrorism . 
  then i said * inspired * by an actual terrorist .
