   cutscene - the game, 
   seriously , this game lets you play for 1 minute , then there 's a cutscence . 
  another minute of gameplay , cutscene . 
  shoot 2 enemies , cutscene . 
  what the hell ? 
  it 's really stretching to call this a real game . 
  you seriously spend more time in cutscenes than actually playing . 
  the game has no flow , the constant interupting is just annoying . 
  would not recommend . 
   great story mode and outstanding gameplay , probably my most favourite gunplay in a videogame . 
  sadly , any other single player mode is extremely annoying because of the unskippable cutscenes every ten steps . 
  ... so there 's that . 
  as for the `` are skippable '' , technically maybe , that 's why i wrote `` unskippable nature '' but not practically , because even on a ssd you 'll sit through most if not all of the cutscene . 
  and they are long . 
  yeah , that is generally not a problem , but if you have 3 hours of a game and 3 hours of cutscenes , what you 're essentially saying in a roundabout way is that 2 + hours of waiting is fine because it 's loading . 
  grounds for hating a guy :, 
  * served in the military, 
  * republican, 
  for some lefties , you do n't even need both , one is enough . 
  finally the rar names of supernatural releases make sense !, 
  yea , doom uses id tech 6 . 
  this uses id tech 5 mangled by arkane . 
  figures . 
  marxist male feminist in action . 
   she shouldnt be allowed to drive, 
  i agree , but you have to remove old ass motherfuckers from the roads first . 
  bad vision , reaction time of an average sloth and an onset of dementia to boot ... yeah , let 's not be pc about it , grandpa should n't be driving . 
   to add to that , it is of course possible that a mutation causes the cancer to become more resistant to the chemo type used , which may necessitate a switch to a different drug . 
  [ this is apparently what has happened ] ( https://twitter.com/totalbiscuit/status/779352262997139456 ) ... but the new chemo type is way more effective !, 
  that 's exactly what it 's doing . 
  people who think that the answer is to propagandize everything and push for `` them feels '' are the problem . 
  the backlash is already being felt and the climate change message is drowning in a sea of fear-mongering and clickbait . 
  the guy has affiliate links in the description , that 's all . 
  it 's not even `` supported by '' or `` sponsored by '' < insert sharpening stone company  which a lot of youtubers do ( and must disclose ) these days . 
  awfulmemory & awfulsight, 
  it 's the only way to do things without being called an islamophope , but we all know the name of the only religion stirring up shit in the last couple of decades ... 
  talking to jordan peterson and then eddie bravo after a few days ... talk about 100 to 0 . 
  gem indeed . 
  one of my most favourite games of all time . 
  it has a ton of flaws , but it 's one of a kind . 
  this niche game is so niche that no other game like it has been developed after its release . 
  ( even after the tidal wave of indie space games of the last few years . ), 
  it 's nothing like homeworld 2 , it 's nothing like battlefleet gothic . 
  it 's ... like nexus . 
  and just nexus . 
  very solid campaign , great atmosphere , space ship fetishism . 
  an unique combination . 
  saying nuclear has less environmental impact than coal is like saying the flu has less impact than cancer . 
  there is so little radioactive waste being produced on a global scale that it 's not even worth talking about . 
  even if a meltdown occurs , it 's not that bad and especially not for the environment . 
  the whole chernobyl area is a god damn wildlife refuge now ... 
  reasonable levels of radioactivity are a natural part of life on earth . 
  also , people do n't realize that they have an order ( orders ? ), 
  of magnitude higher chance of being exposed to a harmful level of radiation just by buying a house in a wrong place than a fucking reactor meltdown . 
  radon is a bitch . 
  well for $ 100 + it better be op as shit or print credits ( or both ) ... 
   they removed the flamer that was in the alpha due to performance issues, 
  yey for ue4 vfx artist incompetency . 
  learn 2 cascade . 
  it seems that with great tools comes great power ... to fuck things up . 
  the headline : cia says russia intervened to help trump win white house : washington post . 
  the article : a cia spokeswoman said the agency had no comment on the report . 
  tl ; dr of the whole thing : cia thinks the russians gave the hacked emails to wikileaks . 
  who cares if the emails were stolen by the russians , 400 pound hacker or santa claus ? 
  are they authentic or not ? 
  they are . 
  sigh . 
  these rehashed stories are getting old . 
   social commentary are very relevant in analyzing art, 
  also completely useless in a review . 
  ^ / r/games in a nutshell . 
  do n't like it ? 
  * you do n't understand it . 
  * you 're not good enough at it . 
  * it 's not for you . 
  you like the game , we get it . 
  that does n't make his critique any less valid . 
  even if the majority of people like it , his critique still has value , maybe even more than before , because dissenting opinions matter . 
  just like with other reviewers who get dogpiled when they do n't like something ( tb 's critique of shadow warrior 2 and titanfall 2 are just the most recent examples ) , this shit is sad to see ... not that it 's surprising . 
  ps : anderson 's big time investment into the games he analyzes and his previous work indicate that his level of understaning is actually very deep . 
  certainly deeper than the vast majority of critics out there ( that 's not to say they 're incapable of such level of analysis , they simply do n't have time since they have to pump out videos ) . 
  saying he `` does n't understand '' without providing a list of arguments refuting his points just sounds childish . 
  and the reports showed by the mods are hilarious ... some people are truly out of touch . 
  pepe the frog was a 4chan meme way before trump 's campaign . 
  i 'll let the debate about the ridiculousness of associating it with racism to other people , but the fact is that people all around the world can ( and do ) use pepe without even living in the u.s or watching the presidential elections . 
  that 's what i 've been thinking for a while now ... how many systems are there ? 
  50 , 70 or something ? 
  if cig is not seriously fucking with us and wasting money , there has to be a ton of content done . 
  at this point , they should have pretty much tens of hours of free video content showing off various systems/planets/assets ... just pick and choose and sprinkle the clips liberally over all their ( semi ) important streams . 
  the joke 's on you , i also work in software development . 
  i do n't work in game development though and judging by your post , you neither . 
   functionality before content . 
  always . 
  any other way , you run the risk of wasted work , which sucks . 
  implying the artists wait until the engineering is done with a feature ... yeah no . 
  i mean , sure , there will be blockers , but if you have to wait until all the tools and engine features are done , nothing would get done . 
  that and we 're deep , serious 4 years kind of deep , into development . 
  the time for implementing the engine * before * the designers and artists are brought into the game has passed a long ass time ago . 
   risk of wasted work , which sucks, 
   why 20 % of the content-creation has to be redone because you jumped the gun,
