  i mean you have to acquire lock , fire and hold the lock ( if anything gets between you and your target , the lock breaks ) , all this provided that the heli does n't fly away from the igla 's frankly quite short range . 
  if this was n't enough , a skilled gunner can smash you to pieces because you keep the lock for ages and you have to have los !, 
  stinger is so much better , i mean yeah , you ca n't reacquire , but once you get the lock , you fire and get the fuck away ... so you can live to get another stinger in the air later . 
  i do n't know , but sometimes it looks to me like people who talk about the stuff do n't even use it . 
  could be classic only or could be allowed to be loaded ( / turned on ) when doritos are turned off . 
  i do n't give a shit . 
  in fact , i welcome it . 
  suck it anti-gg . 
  not weird , the game needs it . 
  also , 4gb vram seems to be required for maximum texture resolution . 
  there is . 
  it 's a shame none of that matters because the game has no dedicated servers . 
  i know they do n't really give a shit at this point ( just crossed $ 60m ) and that 's fine , but still ... showing the module this early seems almost contra-productive . 
  i mean , they do n't even have proper animation system yet ( or at least that 's what it looks like and if i remember correctly , the animation system in this presentation is the default ce one ) . 
  aaanyways , overall it shows a lot of promise but the cod-like ads rubs me the wrong way . 
  i said cod-like ads , not ads . 
  even an average fly lives longer than titanfall though . . :p, 
  gg is ruining my life , i read `` autistic freedom '' -_-, 
   it stopped feeling like fun for me , and it started to feel like a chore . 
  there 's your problem . 
  bullshit , there 's always some objectivity in subjectivity . 
  that 's why we have meta-rating services like rotten tomatoes or metacritic . 
  that 's why most people like ( or at least not dislike ) christopher nolan 's movies . 
  that 's why most people agree mad men or the wire are one of the best written tv shows . 
  that 's why most people agree that the acting performance of matthew mcconaughey & woody harrelson in true detective is second to none . 
  [ like this ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucmagmrd-cs ), 
   maybe even 16k, 
  a single uncompressed texture of that size requires ~ 1gb of vram ( w \u00d7 h \u00d7 rgba ) . 
  not likely . 
  current gpus `` support '' textures of up to 16k resolution , but that does n't mean you should use them ( just yet ) . 
  for comparison , a high-end 4096 \u00d7 4096 texture uses ~ 64mb of memory . 
  8196 \u00d7 8196 would use ~ 256mb . 
  keep in mind that most of the textures in the pc version of crysis 3 are 2k , only a few shared ones are 4k ( used for vegetation assets i think ) . 
  danny you play aw ? 
  ( thinking about buying it myself , the lack of dedis and shitty mouse support scares me though . ), 
  imagine cleaning that nail bed with sand paper . 
  fat tumor . 
  older dogs get these pretty often . 
  if they do n't grow too large , you usually just left them be since they 're not painful . 
  ubisoft is taking the initiative of shitting on their customers now :p, 
  then reiterated being against harassment . 
  seemed neutral to me . 
  tnl compilations are the best on the net . 
  hands down . 
  check out his fb page for more . 
  yep . 
  you know what ? 
  judging by your responses in this thread ... 
  i believe you . 
  some doctors can be pieces of shit and you clearly are a piece of shit . 
  btw i like how you classify `` stitching his initials into a patient '' as `` crossing the line '' ... like it 's something that 's worth a slap on the wrist instead of jail time . 
  then i 'll proceed to base the matchmaking system on this irrelevant stat so the matchmaking does n't work . 
  it 's not about different viewpoints . 
  it 's about the abuse of power . 
  a doctor who abuses his power is comparable to a child molester . 
  i will get fuck out of here with that sensationalist fox news bullshit as soon as you get fuck out of here with that `` being a dick is not unethical '' bullshit . 
  blackproctologist 's day at work : `` look at that fat fuck . 
  and he smells too !, 
  eeeewww . '', 
  that 's the problem . 
  `` the line '' is never between `` talking shit '' and `` mutilating patients '' . 
  as with everything , it 's a gradual process . 
  you do n't get from talking shit one day to mutilating patients the next day . 
  if someone gets that far ( mutilating patients ) it 's most likely preceded by months or years of abuse that gradually increases . 
  you have to realize that just `` not caring enough '' may - in case of surgeons , for example - result in life-long issues for the patient . 
  imagine you lose 200 % more intestine length than you had to just because the surgeon could n't be arsed to do his job properly and just wanted to get it done . 
  ( this is obviously just an example . ), 
  it 's also worth noting that many of these things ( the amount of excised tissue etc. ), 
  are not really something you can attack in court and usually are down to the surgeon 's experience and opinion . 
  you are trusting in their ability to do their job as good as they can and if they do n't , there 's not much you can do about it ( unless it 's something obvious - then you can sue the hospital ) . 
  would you get under the knife of someone who does n't have respect for you ? 
  `` let 's cut that hobo open already , i have a dinner scheduled at 9 ! '', 
  but wait !, 
  there 's an update !, 
  yep , but only after some time ( day or so ) , since pretty much all top comments complained about the `` lack of updates '' , `` unfinished game '' , `` i do n't care about this '' etc. 
   anyone that thinks :, 
  careful what you wish for ... 
  holy crap , that 's like rocket science level of complicated !, 
  is she single ? 
  or it could be both :p, 
   should be looked into, 
  sure . 
  they 'll investigate themselves and pass with flying colors . 
  it 's $ 4,135 already ... 
  this bot sucks balls . 
  suck it bot !, 
  it 's a pig . 
  enjoy toxo . 
  virgins . 
   and kissing it wipes your sins, 
  just like my penis . 
  it 's still stuttering like mad . 
  yeah i hate the romas too . 
  i 'm talking about game-breaking stuttering in the sense of losing frames . 
  stuff you can see ( and get sick from ) real fast . 
  i 'm not talking about game data streaming fps drops ( tb complains about ) that happen during fast movement . 
  my game runs 30fps + but every few frames there 's a weird hiccup . 
  iirc i had similar problems with far cry 3 , but i managed to fix it somehow ( or the new drivers / new patch fixed it ) . 
  yes .
