  edit : huh . 
  interesting !, 
  very true . 
  ( '86 czech here ; we were n't exactly a soviet country but we were a communist country aligned with them ), 
  sadly , we 're under the eu umbrella now and that thing reeks of sjw bullshit and weird regulations . 
  some of the decisions of the eu commission are troubling to say the least ( e.g. 
  requiring large , listed companies to give 40 per cent of non-executive board seats to women by 2020 ) . 
  some of the publications ( gawker , vox media and gamasutra come to mind ) are so far down the drain that any reasonable discussion is not possible anymore , even if they `` apologize '' ( that 's in quotation marks on purpose , because i would n't believe such apology if it was made by the current staff ) . 
  if sites like kotaku want me to take them seriously , they have to fire half their staff and start over . 
  nothing less will work . 
  if they do n't , then i 'm fine with them scaling down or going out of business . 
  i 'm open to discussion with any impartial site ( whether it 's leaning towards anti-gg or pro-gg ) , but i wo n't `` discuss '' anything with people like kuchera , grayson , alexander , hernandez , schreier , biddle . 
  would you `` discuss '' anything with a person that spit in your face just before ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  probably ? 
  so fuck succeeding by your merits . 
  yep . 
  i 'll repost my previous post because it 's more relevant in this topic :, 
  some of the publications ( gawker , vox media and gamasutra come to mind ) are so far down the drain that any reasonable discussion is not possible anymore , even if they `` apologize '' ( that 's in quotation marks on purpose , because i would n't believe such apology if it was made by the current staff ) . 
  if sites like kotaku want me to take them seriously , they have to fire half their staff and start over . 
  nothing less will work . 
  if they do n't , then i 'm fine with them scaling down or going out of business . 
  i 'm open to discussion with any impartial site ( whether it 's leaning towards anti-gg or pro-gg ) , but i wo n't `` discuss '' anything with people like kuchera , grayson , alexander , hernandez , schreier , biddle . 
  would you `` discuss '' anything with a person that spit in your face just before ? 
  i do n't think so . 
   if you fuck up and get caught , you will be fired . 
  this is what happens to you in any decent business after all . 
   national anthem thing, 
  holy fuckballs , i googled it and i stare in disbelief http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2055998/sound-political-correctness-austrian-mps-decide-change-sexist-lyrics-national-anthem.html haha , that 's ridiculous . 
  shadow of mordor is very good ( i like it more than the last few ac games ) , ds2 is very good ( not as good as ds1 though , definitely not a `` must have '' ) . 
  if i 'll leave out the indie titles ( most of which are niche as hell and are hardly `` must have '' unless you like particular niche ) , you have d3 ultimate evil which is nothing but a `` goty '' edition of diablo 3 for the consoles , alien : isolation which has to click with you and even then is not an exceptional game ( plus it seems even its intended audience is split 50/50 like/dislike ) and wolfenstein : the new order which was nice as far as linear shooter experiences go , but hardly a must have . 
  so , all things considered , i could see someone calling shadow of mordor `` a must have '' ( big budget game with high production values , part of a huge franchise , great story , great voice acting , solid graphics , open world , very good and quite long campaign with lots of replayability ) , also bayonetta 2 seems to be getting stellar reviews across the board , but that 's about it . 
  weeeell , i 'm not saying what you wrote is incorrect ... but i 'll just leave this here : http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/17ehv5/i_am_jessie_rogers_retired_porn_star_turned/c84t3yc, 
  i do n't know man , you 're probably right ... but i just fap ( the blood goes to my dick and not brain ) , finish off and then ... close the window :d, 
  do n't really care about the porn industry drama :p, 
  why ? 
  i played both arkham games and ac games and i find the combat system in shadow of mordor more fun than both of those games . 
  stealth works , executions feel great . 
  dunno man ... well , i guess different strokes for different folks , 
  the small charge just pushes the projectile forward to the rails . 
  good ammunition for our e-mails !, 
   burn it . 
  burn it all to the ground . 
  and coffee , known rape drug, 
  you rapist !!, 
  lol of course i 'm joking , look at my post history if you 're unsure . 
  gawker is a scum pond that needs to be clensed along with everyone still in it . 
  alien isolation and pretty much all games from the genre of `` survival horror without guns , but a ton of walking '' and all art gallery/walking simulator types of games ( dear esther , the vanishing of ethan carter etc. 
  that 's the thing , i 'm subbed to him so i 'm kept in the loop . 
  anyone has a similar `` aggregator '' account ? 
  i 'll keep my sub , gg news is more important to me than some polaris drama . 
  anyone has some alternative twitter source ? 
  ( btw polaris has its own set of problems and shadiness , i wo n't dump one of my news/rt sources just because tb makes a butthurt scene without evidence . ), 
  ok , so no evidence . 
  ( do n't have that much time and do n't care enough to spend the next 20 minutes on google researching the guy . ), 
  yeah , that is a great account . 
  * sigh *  _ , 
  you posted 12 times in this thread alone . 
  i have to say , given the content of your posts ... that seems a little bit excessive . 
  do you have a bone to pick with fart ? 
  it seems to me , and that 's just my pov as a bystander ( check my post history , i 've never cared about them much ) , that polaris fans are skewing this to make fart the new hitler , lol . 
  it 's totally possible i 'm completely wrong on this , but it smells a little bit fishy to me . 
  i 've noticed an unhealthy trend of people blindly following every word that comes out of their tb god 's mouth . 
  edit : yeah , downvotes , polaris army represent . 
  i get it . 
  now let tb preach about giving `` second chances '' to people who shit on you and about giving them `` a way out '' . 
  i do n't know what you 're talking about , but i do n't like this meaningless waste of time . 
  i guess i 'll have to ask somewhere else . 
   that 's the thing , i 'm subbed to him so i 'm kept in the loop . 
  anyone has a similar `` aggregator '' account ? 
  i know nothing about some '' @chobitcoin '' guy . 
  you suggested it . 
  it does n't exist . 
  i then complained like a little bitch about wasting my time . 
  everyone lived happily ever after . 
  end of the story . 
  now go to bed . 
   how would you give him a second chance ? 
  i 'm not talking about fart . 
  i 'm talking about tb promoting the idea of giving the people from kotaku/polygon / ... `` second '' chances and giving them a way out . 
  fair enough . 
  i looked it up , you mean that polaris subreddit post ? 
  i see a shitload of screencaps and like the first 10 of them i 've read contain nothing interesting . 
  i do n't have time to spend 20 minutes to go through it all . 
  i was hoping someone would post one , just one image or link to damning evidence that fart is a creep and `` stalks '' ( as in tries to invade personal life of ) the person in question . 
  nobody posted that even though they could if it was so bad as they claimed . 
  fart is obviously not a `` normal '' person , given the amount of his posts and activity . 
  that 's good for me though / as a consumer of the rts / . 
   keep in mind gamergate is also a topic many ignore because they do n't want to spend a lot of time looking it up . 
  but there are sources that are presented in a readable , concise manner . 
  the polaris subreddit post is anything but that . 
  i agree with you about the fluidity of the movement and it 's also about input and getting the feedback twice as fast . 
  60 fps is an absolute requirement in spectacle fighter genre as far as i 'm concerned . 
   it 's still a ton of info, 
  sure , but that 's primarily because it 's an event that is taking place for several months now . 
  and there 's a lot of people saying different things . 
  fart is one person . 
   i 've seen enough here , though , to be done with him . 
  you talk about the opposition 's strategy yet you base your opinion on `` i 've seen enough here '' instead of evidence . 
  btw i feel like a fucking parrot asking for evidence for 5th time , so i 'm finished with this thread .
