  ea needs to treat this like a new franchise and market the shit out of it . 
  if they 're going to keep relying only on nostalgia and fans of the original ( or their subset who still plays games / cares about it ) , this game may flop . 
   cough cough doom cough cough, 
  you can cough all you want but that wo n't change the fact that the game 's mp currently has a 37 % rating based on 11983 reviews on steam . 
  should / r/games be an island of positivity in a sea of controversy/negativity surrounding the game ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  if 6 out of 10 players do not like it , it 's only natural that the reception here will be similar . 
  if you want to see positivity for a game with mixed reception , go to the game 's subreddit - it usually contains plenty of that ( with a considerable dose of fandom and post-purchase rationalization ) . 
  i also recommend channels like jackfrags that basically just show you the footage and list features - no critique there !, 
  btw critique is generally informative and consumer friendly . 
  you can read/watch all the arguments and make your own decision how much of a deal breaker they are ( or even if they 're an issue at all ) . 
  you usually ca n't do that with praise , as people tend to explain praise much less than negative critique . 
  even trivial stuff like `` yeah , the shooting is good '' sounds much less informative than `` yeah , the guns lack recoil , the shooting does n't have a punch to it '' . 
  as for the pc ( in uk , according to steamspy ) :, 
   about 39.654 with uk at 6.26 % ( of 633.444 ), 
   director interested in exploring sci-fi/ninja themes in future games . 
  oh god . 
  please , god , yes ... 
  skull ring, 
  i was messing in windows and instead of dragging the game 's window i managed to click into it and `` panic drag '' , which cut him twice with left click xd, 
  ca n't wait for the next vid dude :p, 
  it 's a balancing act . 
  half of your success lies in your ability to judge the positional situation and being able to get in there while not biting more than you can chew . 
  of course , this is an important skill to have if you want to play effectively in any kind of ship , but it 's absolutely critical in battleships , since everything takes so long . 
  you have to think several steps ahead . 
  do n't rush anywhere until you have a general idea about the position of the enemy fleet . 
  then close the distance and pick your fights . 
  you say that `` i get focus fired by everything on the enemy team '' ... well , you should never be in a position where you can get focus fired by three or more ships at once . 
  if you get to such a situation , it 's your fault 99 % of the time ( in a random game , team battles are a different beast entirely ) . 
  some people will try to tell you that `` you 're a battleship , go in there and tank for us '' , but that 's nonsense . 
  you ca n't be the tip of the spear , unlike a destroyer ( concealment ) or a cruiser ( maneuverability ) , you do n't have the means to effectively evade focus fire . 
  you also wo n't be helping much by staying on the edge of your firing range ( not to mention that it 's boring and not making any credits ) . 
  stay in the middle of the pack , or at least behind your destroyers ( it makes absolutely no sense to charge in just to get blown up to pieces by dds you ca n't even see ) . 
  * watch what your team mates are doing . 
  * if someone 's taking a lot of damage , get in there and take that damage yourself for a bit . 
  if you see that , like you said `` they straight up turn around the moment they see enemy open fire at them '' , you react accordingly by looking at the new sutiation , if it would be a good idea to make a turn and get back a bit etc. 
  you ca n't expect cruisers to just stand there and take the damage ... they avoid it by turning and circling constantly . 
  and yes , if you 're really outnumbered , get the fuck away . 
  people should start using warships.today instead of warshipstats . 
  source : http://warships.today/vehicles/na, 
  i was thinking `` wtf is he talking about '' ... then it hit me that this is a polish ship ... the only one in the game . 
  you 're totally right !, 
  imo these ships should be able to use their building nation 's captains . 
  ( blyskawica - royal navy , lo-yang - u.s. navy ), 
  atlanta is bad ? 
  like [ atsf ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qf3x0aeophc ) , [ i disagree ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bxxo2pr.png ) . 
  imo people just play it all wrong . 
  it 's a niche ship with a distinct role . 
  i always rush to a flag , oversee the meet and greet of the first dds and hopefully erase some them with ease ( as atlanta is pretty much the best anti-dd ship there is ) or at least do n't allow them to cap easily and help out our dds . 
  what i find after that is that people are often scared of going for a flag when they see me and my 13 rounds per minute * 14 he rain and try to snipe me ( which if you 're half decent you can avoid for a long time ) ... allowing me to keep a flag for a long time . 
  well , at least hid vids do n't make me sleepy and he does n't repeat himself 20 times ... so i guess it 's a matter of preference . 
  as if citing the average damage , i.e. 
  the size of your e-penis ( `` look , mine is bigger than yours '' ) means more than my random jab ... when my op clearly talks about the ship 's niche and the image i posted was clearly posted because of the winrate ( as the rest of the stats are nothing to write home about ) . 
  the atlanta is a great ship for killing destroyers and contesting flags during the early game ... having a high average damage in it is almost a sign of playing the ship wrong as it 's highly probable that you 're just trying to burn as many battleships as you can ... which is close to useless in a random battle ( due to lack of coordination - as far as damage repair mechanic goes and due to the alpha damage of your puny dd guns ) . 
  you should be trying to kill destroyers ( hp of which is 12-14k at t7 ) . 
  that is if you actually want to * win * games , not just have high avg damage . 
  killing one or two enemy dds early while not losing any of yours is incredibly important and the atlanta is great for that . 
   translates into needing a certain set of conditions to be present to do well in it , not that the ship as such is good, 
  who tells people this nonsense ... 
  i mean , duh , if i 'm in a destroyer i 'm not going to try to torp nimble cruisers instead of big fat battleships - does that make the dds bad ? 
  i mean , after all , they ca n't deal with cruisers . 
  the original purpose of cruisers in this game was to be really good vs destroyers ( and okay vs other cruisers ) . 
  the atlanta is as close to that as you can get . 
  is it not a good idea to fight other cruisers in an atlanta ? 
  probably . 
  depends on your range and the enemy ship ( broadside , you can out-dps anything around t7 when you shoot ap at ~ 7.5 km ) ... but that 's ok . 
  otherwise all ships would play the same . 
   for every mediocre or underperforming ship , there will always be someone explaining how you just need to play it a certain way under certain conditions to be really good in it . 
  yeah , and most of the time they do n't know what are they talking about . 
  the niche of the atlanta is as clear as a day to anyone with half a brain . 
  if people try to convince you that ( for example ) the colorado does n't suck and you have to `` play it a certain way '' ( there is no `` certain way '' as it 's just another brawler us bb just like new mexico , new york , wyoming , arkansas . . except that it regularly meets iowas and north carolinas ) , then yeah , i would agree with what you 're saying . 
   good luck if the enemy dds have cruiser/bb support, 
  at the time when you meet the first dds contesting a flag , the bbs are nowhere to be seen , as for the cruisers , it 's mostly a lone , brave cleveland or something ... which i can deal with . 
  you 'd be suprised how often dds contest flags without any solid support for a significant amount of time . 
  that 's my prime time and that 's why i play and like the atlanta . 
  * do you have your own computer and if not , do you have your own user account ? 
  if not , what kind of filthy beasts are you ? 
  ( more like kids . . ), 
  * win-l . use it . 
  wow , a great summary without all the rose tinted glasses im seeing everywhere !, 
  pc player here ( played , but did n't finish ds1 - mostly because of it being a frustrating port ; finished ds2 & dlc ; did n't play bloodborne ) , i had a very similar experience . 
  and funnily enough , i played mostly as a knight w / dark sword & dragon crest shield , but i found out that i used the shield very rarely and not at all towards the end game . 
  the problem with blocking is that it ** does n't work ** anyway for anything but the easiest of enemies ( or heaviest of shields ) . 
  and most of the good , 100 % phys . 
  reduction shields in the game have ~ 50 poise ( except the biggest shields ofc ) . 
  that 's low . 
  really low . 
  the way the game is set up , most of the challenging enemies tend to attack with combos and some of them are very aggressive - if you use just blocking , you 're going to be without any endurance left in an instant . 
  now you ca n't attack effectively and you basically have to roll away anyway to regain your endurance back . 
  on the other hand , the game pretty much invites you and rewards you for rolling once or twice and then unleash the most damaging combo you can ( or backstab less bright enemies ) . 
  and then you have the bosses , many of which have attacks that either go through the shield like butter ( i.e. 
  the first or the second hit out of three or more in a combo leave you without endurance and you 're boned ) or ignore it entirely ( some of the aoe attacks and grab attacks ) . 
  so you have all this and then you get , compared to other souls games , a much easier rolling . 
  everyone is going to roll . 
  it seems that everyone will get 3 days of premium for the longer installation of the new patch . 
  a bit of off-topic , but the ds1 footage around 2:30 made me remeber how nice the metallic surfaces looked in ds1 ( maybe it 's modded pc footage though ) . 
  i find this area lacking in both ds2 and ds3 ( and bloodborne ; based on what i 've seen in the videos ) - the shields , weapons and armors just do n't have that almost photo-realistic shine , it 's sharp , but the glare is not overdone and you can see some scratches and imperfections . 
  not sure if it 's fxaa that kills it in the recent souls games or sometihing else , but i do miss it . 
  [ that shield on her back ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jiavhqv.png ) looks amazing , especially for a 360/ps3 gen game . 
   it 's been that way in every souls game .
