  we demand better journalism but we jump on any shitty piece of `` reporting '' as soon as some weak links appear or accusations ( without proof ) are made . 
  zq & ifred donations was a gg fiasco . 
  as `` did n't report threats to the police '' was a gg fiasco . 
  gg is infused with retards . 
  every single accusation that turns out to be false is directly supporting anti-gg ranks way more than anything else . 
  this bullshit needs to stop or gg is dead ( if it is n't already ) . 
  i like boogie and i 'm subbed to his channel , but this is just weakness . 
  i would totally understand if he 'd drop the #gamergate hashtag , but he stopped talking about the issue altogether ( and if he mentions is , it 's about repeating why he stopped talking about it ) . 
  he got scared/bullied , simple as that . 
  which is kinda sad , because i 'd expect him to stick to his guns . 
  so your partner abuses you both psychologically * and * physically , you feel `` so small , so unloved , humiliated in a way '' , but you still want to have sex with him ? 
  i guess i will never understand women . 
  it 's not like you 're existentially dependent on him ( if you have your own apartment and a job ) , why not kicking him out ? 
  i will say one thing : i hope you 'll never bring children to such a relationship . 
  for their sake . 
  within two weeks . 
  teamplay initiative is just starting today so that will come down the pipe later , probably with final stand release . 
  how do you decide who to kick ? 
  you just kick people at the top of the leaderboards ? 
  sound great , i 'll have to visit :p, 
  yep , that 's all there is to it . 
  just watch the rocket . 
  and practice . 
  it 's a light source too , so it 's ( faintly ) illuminating its surroundings and that helps . 
  yep , twitter seems to hold on though . 
  by using its mouth, 
   higher refresh rate, 
  my guess is 90hz . 
  edit : judging by carmack 's talk , apparently not that much . 
   higher resolution, 
  almost surely note 4 's panel resolution ( 2560 \u00d7 1440 ) . 
  penis , penis , penis . 
  be careful with me . 
  whales who ? 
  nothing will sell 1.5 m copies in 4 days without marketing - on any platform . 
  wasteland was just released and ... that 's pretty much it . 
  people have to actively look into it/know it from kickstarter or made aware of it by some youtube lp/critic . 
  and let me tell you , it 's not an easy task to impress a gamer watching the video if you look like wasteland ( not only it belongs to quite a niche genre , it 's also a pretty ugly game with low production values , and i 'm not talking about the number of polygons here ) . 
  penis, 
   there 's no like instinct code against that ? 
  sure there is . 
  they just chill and drink soda . 
  predators will always pick the weak ones . 
  `` instinct code against that '' what the fuck ? 
  their primary instinct is to survive . 
  if they do n't eat , they die . 
  pregnant/young/weak / injured animal is a blessing for most of the predators . 
  yeah , no . 
  ever heard of herd behavior ? 
  besides , there 's generally far more prey animals than predators . 
  it 's a self-regulating system . 
  your post reads like something a 5th grader would write . 
  better to be a dick than a dummy . 
  exactly what i was thinking given the fact that it runs on 360, 
  if it was n't for twitter , this shitty sub would be pretty much empty . 
  gamergate would n't even exist . 
  a million tweets under the #gamergate hashtag will not be taken lightly by anyone ( even if they may say so ) . 
  all these other platforms like reddit and ( especially ) 4chan have failed in a spectacular fashion . 
  thank god for twitter and youtube . 
  rip in pepperoni . 
  you are correct , kinda . 
  not sure about the down-votes , but i 'm guessing people mistake standard dynamic ( direct ) lighting with reflections . 
  the rocket is a light source , this light source affects its surroundings within some radius ( has brightness , color , falloff etc. ), 
  and changes their color as a result ... that 's it . 
  deferred shading allows you to use many of these cheap lights ( hundreds to thousands ) , but they ca n't have shadows , you add those later to a few hand-picked lights . 
  ( btw 100 dynamic , shadow-casting lights would not run even on gtx 980 ) . 
  most of the lights in bf4 behave this way . 
  ( the vast majority of games use as low amount of shadow casting lights as possible ) . 
  now , when the light bounces off its surroundings , you get reflections ( so obviously you need at least one bounce to see any reflection ) ... but real-time reflections are extremely performace heavy ( you need to use raytracing ) and therefore are not used in games . 
  well , with two exceptions ** . 
  anyways , most games just use cube maps ( or many of them ) - they 're static `` captures '' of the environment , meaning you ca n't make a realistic mirror just with cube maps as anything moving will not show in it . 
  you have ssr or screen space reflections which function exactly how they sound . 
  for something to be reflected , it needs to be on your screen ... as you can imagine , this has serious limitations , but can look good in some circumstances ( drive club uses this for the reflections of other cars on your car , many other games use it for things like puddles etc. 
  ) , even though some people - including me - find it annoying because reflections appear and disappear as you move around ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0xsl5dpwda&amp;t=2m14s ) . 
  just now we start to see clever simplifications of raytracing , most notably vxgi ( svogi successor with hw support ) , this should allow for nice , dynamic indirect lighting with reasonable performace hit . 
  but since it 's a simplification ( voxel cone tracing ) , you wo n't get pretty reflections . 
  not that significant ( 60s ) , but yeah , it 's improved . 
  i 'd still increase it though . 
  ( it went from unplayable to annoying . ), 
  maybe because throwing v40s is like throwing peanuts , while throwing rgos is far more effective ? 
  of course it 's one hell of a nerf . 
  and that is good . 
  it 's not the best way they could have tackled the problem , but it 's better than it was . 
  i did n't see it once in cte or vanilla , so i 'm guessing it 's pretty rare or hw config related . 
  that is intentional . 
  no `` fix '' . 
  it can be changed , but based on cte feedback , i doubt it will . 
  i personally disliked it at first , but it creates more interesting gameplay as vehicle drivers do n't have the luxury ( of now possibly huge fov ) 3rd person camera and that changes the armor game quite a bit ( plus gunners are much more useful just for being able to see/spot danger around the vehicle ) . 
  us/eu have just a few servers so i 'm not suprised . 
  there is no lagging and rubber banding in cte and , more to the point , lagging and rubber banding is caused by either your shitty connection or your server 's shitty connection or hardware . 
  pick servers that are restarted regularly and hosted on a decent hardware . 
  you wo n't see problems . 
  ( outside of the ones inherent to how the frostbite engine works . ), 
  you can use bbl ( better battle log ) to add servers to your `` radar '' and avoid them in the future ( or at least mark them as bad ) . 
  it 's been introduced to aid muscle memory . 
  it sets the sensitivity based on the sight fov , to try to give you the most uniform feeling of sensitivity , regardless of the magnification . 
  soldier zoom sensitivity lets you set your ads sensitivity as a percentage of hip sensitivity and it works with or without usa . 
  no compass in hc . 
  i just stated the facts . 
  i did n't even down-vote you .
