  many are like that in the border regions . ), 
  plus our languages are pretty similar . 
   i dont know whether twitch allow it, 
  you can talk about whatever you want as long as you play a video game on the background . 
  sterling is not neutral in the slightest . 
  he keeps it in check for his patreon supported videos ( e.g. 
  jimquisition ) , but check out his twitter or listen to his podcasts . 
  one of the fun things i 've seen him posting recently was `` weaponized disclosure '' . 
  does n't really appear that way to me . 
   @lavidatranca : are you seriously putting the very concept of disclosure in question because of one comment from an idiot ? 
  it 's not as if he has written a ton about the issue , those two tweets are pretty much the only thing about disclosure i 've seen from him . 
  so , yeah . 
  i do n't buy it . 
  i mean this kind of smoke is pretty good for tactics heavy games with a few players ( like csgo ) , but it 's completely uncalled for in a game like battlefield . 
  it seems like an overreaction from the devs ... now let 's hope they 're not too stubborn about it and tone it down . 
  i think you 'll welcome any `` parodies of clinton jr. and bush jr. . jr. taking bukkake shots '' with open arms after trump wins the presidential election . 
  sorry , i have no idea . 
  that 's why i use `` neo-progressives '' instead of `` progressives '' . 
  yep . 
  we 're here to call out the bullshit , not blindly take sides . 
  a broken clock is right twice a day ... 
  i 've seen good articles on kotaku . 
  video http://www.bestgore.com/medical/manthrie-dewage-karunawathi-woman-with-flesh-eating-disease/, 
  i 'll just leave these here ( [ source ] ( http://www.geforce.com/whats-new/guides/metal-gear-solid-v-the-phantom-pain-graphics-and-performance-guide ) ) :, 
   note the increased number of lights , the higher levels of detail , and the higher-resolution shadowing , along with many other smaller improvements . 
   in the second comparison , detail all around is of a higher quality once more , particularly so on the road , and on distant trees and cliffs . 
  note too the improved ambient occlusion shadowing around the sandbags , and across the scene . 
   on pc , depth of field is upgraded from a ` gather ' technique to a ` scatter ' technique , enabling better transitions between focal areas , and variable blurring per frame . 
  the resolution of the blur has also been greatly improved to reduce artifacts , and artist-controlled bokeh effects are now included , enabling kojima and co. to apply out of focus shapes to specific game details , as demonstrated below . 
   depth of field is focused and applied by the cinematic director . 
  without it , the fidelity and ` style ' of cut scenes suffers greatly . 
  a second comparison from the playstation 4 edition of ground zeroes further highlights the pc 's massively improved depth of field effects , which apply less blur in the foreground , and higher quality blur in the background . 
   ** in general , just about every effect , feature and texture is of a higher quality on pc , where kojima productions can demonstrate the full capabilities of the fox engine . 
  that 's stupid . 
  and i do realize i sound like a dick , but you 're turning off an effect that is essential for the cutscenes to work as the artist intended . 
  motion blur is another effect people tend to hate for some reason , but at least there it 's about preference . 
  turning off dof in a cutscene heavy game removes part of the artistic value . 
  edit : apparently you ca n't turn off cuscene dof , disregard my ramblings then !, 
  :d i can totally understand turning off dof for gameplay . 
  textures themselves are identical to the ones in the ps4 version , but are far better filtered , making them look better overall . 
  the problem is that the game does not try to look like reality , it tries to look like a movie ( in the cutscenes , not talking about the gameplay ) . 
  we can ( successfully ) debate its technical quality , but dof is there for a reason . 
  i think the second dof comparison ( skull guy , helicopter and a pilot/soldier ) looks gorgeous and the scene would lose a lot without dof . 
   especially considering we 're looking on a screen where we can focus on other parts of it . 
  but we 're not supposed to look all over the place during cutscenes . 
  dof comes as a natural side effect of using a camera , but movie creators learned to use it for the purpose of dramatization and viewer focus . 
  ah , ok , i never turned it off , thanks for letting me know !, 
  packed with muscle is not * always * a good thing . 
  not at that weight . 
  especially not after the ped crack down . 
  fat does not need oxygen . 
  muscles do . 
   tv show, 
  way to ruin the entire thing . 
  do n't know about fascism , but strong nationalism for sure . 
  last time i said here that something has to be done about the influx of refugees or we may have another hitler disaster on our hands in a few decades or less , some **** poster accused me of threatening with genocide to get what i want ... 
  i do n't know , neo-progressivism is one hell of a drug !, 
  no but seriously , i want to see germany taking in those 800000 refugees ( they 're intending to take this year ) . 
  after the stance they took on this ... 
  i really , really do . 
  for many , it will be an eye opening experience . 
   refugees, 
  you forgot malnourished . 
  malnourished refugees . 
  it 's important . 
  one drowned child ( do n't say you did n't notice that media storm a few days back ) = everybody is an innocent , potentially drowning child . 
  got it . 
  no , i just saw all the ufc shows they ever made and i 'm basing what i 'm saying on that . 
  also , it applies exclusively on heavyweights . 
  carrying all that muscle around will absolutely put you in a disadvantage in a longer fight , skill being equal . 
  you 're betting on the first rounds and when you 're not able to capitalize , the physics of metabolism kick in and you 'll get super tired super quickly . 
  the only way around that is to make the blood carry more oxygen than is normal , hence the ped comment . 
  i mean , i 'm not saying dropping the fat ca n't help you to be more athletic or even drop down a weight class , that would be retarded . 
  of course it can . 
  also , it 's not like i 'm the only one who ever mentioned huge heavyweights and problems with gas tanks , i 've heard joe rogan mention that multiple times . 
  mma is not a body building contest . 
  an alternative practice is called a blumpkin pie . 
  while receiving fellatio you shit in a pie tin . 
  then as you are cumming , you put the cum on top of the poo poo . 
  then you shove the girl 's face into the pie and force feed her the rest of the meal . 
  they do n't need to reduce it , they need to remove it . 
  besides , unless you want the game to become a vomit simulator in vr you have to remove it anyway . 
  action at 2.00, 
  did n't ghazi ban a journalist just because he/she also asked questions in kia ? 
  :d i have to admit , this shit is pretty funny . 
  illustrates the amount of research they do . 
   hard to feel sorry, 
  nice mental gymnastics going on there . 
   it 's 13.2 billion light years away , so we know it 's more than 13.2 billion years old, 
  i 'm not sure it works that way . 
  does this include the expansion of space ? 
  i do n't think so ( i may be wrong , i welcome explanations ) . 
  we know that the space is expanding and everything ( that is n't tightly binded by gravity , such as a galaxy ) is getting further away from everything else . 
  the spacetime itself is expanding . 
  i do n't know the numbers , but it could be possible that the galaxy is 13.2 billion light years away * now * , but it was n't that far in the past . 
  so the light from it could be produced when it was , say . . 6 billion light years away , but due to the expansion of space it arrived only after another 7.2 billion light years . 
  this could mean the galaxy is much younger than 13.2 billion years . 
  edit : ok , i see now . 
  i was wrong . 
  they 're talking only about age , not distance .
