  so , which demise are you speaking of ? 
  the fact that you filter out any and all discussion topics ( even remotely ) related to gamergate from / r/games just means you 're a power tripping dude pulling rules out of his ass , not much else . 
  gamergate , or the ideas and people supporting it , has achieved pretty much all it could given all the media slandering and smear campaigns . 
  the main goal has been partly achieved as the pressure coming from the revolt/tag/movement / whateveryouwanttocallit is the number one reason many of the gaming sites have now published ethical codes related to sponsorships , relationships and gifts , new publications were created and some publications were reformed . 
  it has created a platform for people to organize and closely watch the industry 's bs , resulting in an excellent watch dog . 
  / r/kotakuinaction has almost 45k subs and in the last month , it achieved half the traffic / r/games did . 
  more and more mainstream figures are starting to mention `` sjws '' ( joe rogan podcast , red letter media , explosm , to name a few off the top of my head ) . 
  some big game developers are now starting to critique anita 's work , core id software employees on facebook laughing at her doom tweets , ubisoft watch_dogs devs coming out against her , lead developer of vanishing of ethan carter dismantling her claims ( and claims of many other aligned publications , like polygon ) etc. 
  the message is alive and well . 
  in fact , it 's the strongest it has ever been . 
  just look at the number of dislikes on [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puniwysz7pi ) . 
  there are just too many of us to silence , ** you failed ** . 
  ah , okay , carry on then !, 
  a friend has an amd laptop and it does the same thing , the audio is all messed up ... it 's most likely a low performance cpu issue . 
  i do n't know if it 's an amd specific issue though . 
  it works fine on both my home pc ( amd build , relatively beefy desktop ) and work pc ( intel & nvidia , laptop ) . 
  i do n't think there 's a fix . 
  do n't tell me , i did n't make the engine . 
  i have access to three systems , desktop amd ( high performance ) , notebook intel + nvidia ( i7-4710hq , gtx 860m ) and notebook amd ( a few years old ) . 
  only the notebook with amd has problems . 
  so it 's absolutely one of the following :, 
  * the raw cpu performance, 
  * a combination of the cpu being amd and the raw cpu performance, 
  besides , the level of cpu performance the game needs has very little to do with `` looking like it needs much processing power '' as the `` looks '' rarely determine the cpu requirements . 
  if the game simulates a lot of stuff or has many instances of individual assets on the screen at once ( i.e. 
  draw calls ) , the cpu can get loaded even by ps2-level of graphics fidelity . 
  no , they should not , it 's a part of the balance you have to deal with . 
  btw on top tiers you can upgrade the reload time of your main battery by 12 % or increase its accuracy . 
   same reason some girls do extreme , degrading porn ? 
  the audience is comparatively small so they ca n't be making that much . 
  that 's actually not true . 
  the main problem , as in any market that is saturated , is to get noticed . 
  exposure is the key . 
  therefore , given the amount of content the adult entertainment industry produces , niche and/or more extreme stuff pays ( comparatively ) well pretty much across the board . 
  the fact that the `` audience is comparatively small '' does play a role , but only at the highest levels of the production chain ( and big studios ) ... your typical beginning porn actress will get more money for willing to do more niche stuff . 
  tb 's comment :, 
   i think the idea of `` fun '' is oversimplifying the problem . 
  i hear this brought up quite a bit , the idea that games do n't have to be fun . 
  that is true , but i also think it 's something of a strawman ( to some degree , some people really do blurt out things like games must be fun ) . 
  games do n't need to be fun , they need to be compelling . 
  fun , the idea of traditional care-free enjoyment , is just one way to make a piece of media compelling . 
  breaking bad is n't `` fun '' , but it 's extremely compelling . 
  the wire is n't fun , but it 's one of the most compelling pieces of television ever made . 
  games work in the same way that other media does , you must engage the user in some way and avoid boring them . 
  sunset , in my view suffers the mortal sin of being boring . 
  it fails to engage and compel the player , most likely due to it 's lackluster , repetitive and ultimately pointless mechanics . 
  it simulates something that is tedious without looking for mechanical or narrative ways to engage you in the activity . 
  papers please is the polar opposite , it takes a thankless , tedious task and makes it compelling with time limits , moral choices , investigative elements and what is basically a glorified version of `` spot the difference '' , all played in front of the high-stakes backdrop of keeping your pretend family from starving to death . 
  sunset has none of those elements . 
  there are no stakes , there 's no threat and your tasks are completely unengaging . 
  in other forms of media this would not necessarily be so much of a sin , because it does not require effort from the end-user to advance the story . 
  movies , radio dramas , books , they can have this degree of boredom because at least you do n't have to work for it . 
  in games you actually have to perform actions to advance the narrative and if those actions suffer from being dreadfully dull then you will find that a great many players decide to switch off . 
   tale of tales does n't always fall into this trap . 
  the path was well received because it used horror and mystery elements to engage the player . 
  sunset by comparison has you unpacking boxes with the e key and turning off lights , all while it monologues at you . 
  it fails to engage and pull you into the story . 
  you are not the protagonist , you are a mere spectator , yet you are expected to do the work of the protagonist anyway . 
   fun is not required and it never has been , the earlier horror games should be proof enough of that , but a game must be compelling . 
  there are so many ways to achieve that but for most people , sunset did not manage any of them . 
  that 's its sin . 
   when it comes to tale of tales , it was their decision to stop making games . 
  they successfully kickstarted an extremely niche title and then complained it didnt sell very well , which is bizarre because i 've always got the impression that tale of tales never cared how many copies they sold , because they were `` doing it for the art '' . 
  i wonder if it was down to their advisors corrupting their vision , i could n't even begin to speculate , but ultimately there is nothing stopping experimental games from making their way onto steam where they can succeed or fail based on their own merits . 
  sunset was paid for by kickstarter backers , it was for the most part a no-risk project . 
  its commercial failure should have been predictable and i wonder who was telling them otherwise , but the fact is if tale of tales were proud of their work then that 's all that matters . 
  there are lessons to be learned there . 
  you can tell a story like that , you can take on those themes , but perhaps look to your past work and figure out why it was players were compelled to play on in that instance , yet give up , quit and refund in this one . 
  games are not movies , they are not books , they are unique and come with their own set of challenges . 
  nobody is saying you ca n't be experimental , but ultimately the wheel still has to be round in order to turn . 
  `` ruining this game '' ... 
  i played like 500 matches in closed beta and 100 matches in open beta . 
  the game is still fun and i play regularly . 
  nothing is `` ruining '' this game . 
  there are issues like you mention , but this `` ruining this game '' talk is complete bs . 
  i do n't know what level of polish you are used to , but coming from fps games ( primarily battlefield series ) , i can assure you that while wows has many issues , none of them are comparatively as game breaking as i experienced in other games . 
  it 's stable , the performance is not bad , lag issues are very rare and i never felt like the netcode has robbed me of a kill . 
  the balance needs work , but that 's why this release is 0.4 . 
  as for the issues you mention , i agree with most of the stuff , but i 'm not a fan of tightening the bb salvo spread too much . 
  also ,, 
   a skilled dd or ca/cl player can still circle around your ship faster than your turrets can traverse, 
  that 's not what i 'm seeing . 
  surprises , ambushes , traps ... that 's what dds usually kill me with . 
  for the circling to be effective , you have to be extremely close to a battleship , at which point the battleship captain failed to keep some distance and basically played bad . 
  it does n't happen that often . 
  as for the cruisers , i never get circled around by a cruiser . 
  maybe when i get to the iowa , there will be problems , but so far , the turning circle radius is low enough to help with my slow turret turn speed . 
  btw, 
   smokescreens used to be able to be used to screen your teammates from enemies , helping them live longer while still getting damage out on enemy ships . 
  you could smoke an area ahead of your team 's ships , and while you were spotting the enemies for them they were hidden from enemy view for a short time . 
  iirc this was number one reason for the smoke nerf as stated by the developers . 
  not that you could hide in the smoke yourself , but that it has given an advantage to your team that was deemed too big . 
  just sayin ' . 
   high explosive bukkake, 
  yep . 
  i keep returning to it once a day and use it as a xp source for free xp conversion . 
  works like a charm . 
  [ and now i 'm hungry ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mtxmf8z.jpg ) . 
  are you high ? 
   they have an annual deficit of 6.3 billion .
