  * mg4 has 100 % bigger magazine, 
  significant aws advantages are these :, 
  * aws has 25 % less upwards kick, 
  * aws has 25 % less kick to right, 
  * aws recovers 25 % faster from recoil, 
  * spread increases 18 % less on aws when shooting, 
  * ~ 10 % lower hip base spread, 
  but now you need to realize two things here :, 
  * we 're primarily talking about longer ranges, 
  * we 're talking about lmgs and for those it 's absolutely essential to know how to tap-fire effectively, 
  if you think about it , then yes , for a novice player , the aws is a flat out better weapon . 
  but for anyone that wants to do well , tap-firing is the key . 
  when you tap-fire , most of mg4 's shortcomings are toned down ( that higer recoil gets manageable and a bit higher spread increase almost does n't matter at all ) . 
  but you still have that drop-off which ends 18 % further , 100 % bigger magazine ( which is more important than you realize given the fact that you 'll need a ton of bullets to drop someone at range if you do n't play on hardcore ) and bullets that fly 7 % faster . 
  one more thing : it 's not that significant , but the mg4 pulls more to the right and up , whereas the aws has more of a left and right recoil pattern ( which is always worse , since you ca n't counter it as effectively ) . 
   tap fire is also not king with the visual recoil changes in the cte . 
  tap-fire has nothing to do with visual recoil . 
  it 's all about leveraging that low first shot recoil . 
  if you do n't tap fire lmgs i seriously doubt you can do well ( enough ) with them . 
   tapfire is about actual recoil as much as it is visual . 
  yes and to add to my ( [ lengthy ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/battlefield_4/comments/29ju34/dice_can_you_give_aws_antitank_or_antimateriel/ciluty1 ) ) previous post , boomscake seems to put quite a bit of importance on spread increase per shot ( `` huge difference '' ) . 
  by tap-firing , you reset the spread increase to 0 each time you make that tap-firing mini-pause . 
  usually , you 'll fire just a few rounds before resetting so the spread increase per shot modifier is actually of very little importance . 
  you could say the initial rush design was indeed a bit of a rush job [ ... ] ( http://www.badumtss.net ), 
  zusi is terrible . 
  not really , just a small portion of the engine 's apis are exposed to blueprint ( not that you could n't expose it yourself - with sufficient skill - but some things , usually performance-critical sub-systems , just are n't supposed to interact with blueprint ) . 
  the point here is not about what you can do in blueprints , but what you should do in blueprints . 
  some things just can be written in few lines of code and will be 10x as performant and 10x as maintainable . 
  blueprint is an excellent prototyping and gameplay-logic implementing tool , but if you overdo it you can easily end up with gigantic unmaintable flowgraphs and poor game performance . 
  oh my god , what a douchebag . 
  * bachthewhiz * - any battlefield fan will know . 
  hello , i just wanted to say that even though i do n't have much time clocked in ( around 10 hours ) i love the way your guns feel . 
  the simple act of shooting a pistol is perfectly done , headshots feel great . 
  the audio matches the visuals nicely too !, 
  i 'm yet to play a game where the guns feel as good as they do in your game ... and that 's coming from someone with hundreds of hours in battlefield games and tens of hours in other competitive shooters . 
  that 's weird , ace squad medal is far easier to get . 
  ( i have 171 ace squad ribbons but only 31 mvp ribbons . ), 
  unless ... you 're lone wolfing it in a heli . 
  yep , tried it for you : http://i.imgur.com/a9v8awt.png, 
  here in europe , i can pick from hundreds of servers . 
  how 's the aus situation in other games ? 
  two problems :, 
  * cod uses hitscan model + has no dedicated servers, 
  * cs uses hitscan model, 
  so even with not thinking about the ton of stuff that happens in an average cq match in bf compared to average matches in those franchises , you 'd still have a hard time comparing them fairly . 
  ( hitscan model = bullets travel in perfectly straight lines and infinite velocities . 
  lasers :p ), 
  well , they 're a co-publisher of the project , so they 'll most likely have a close eye on it ( no publisher will just sprinkle you with money , they want milestones done and deadlines met ) . 
  they will absolutely be able to decide if they want to finish the project or not ( based on how far into the development it is and how good the game seems to be ) ... but they did it once already and the result was great ( saints row 4 ) . 
   as part of thq 's bankruptcy in january 2013 , volition inc and the saints row franchise were acquired by koch media , with future titles being published under its deep silver brand . 
   the difference there i think is that saint 's row was a series that already had some good games , good sales numbers , and a positive reputation . 
  homefront did badly and most people were shocked to hear another one is being worked on . 
  while i kinda agree with you , the issue here is that the decision process has already occurred . 
  they decided they want to co-publish it quite a while ago ... they most likely poured quite a bit of cash into it already , especially if the devs are talking about `` they have invested a lot in homefront and will want to protect their investment '' . 
  oligarchy is op . 
  spoken like a true oligarch :p, 
  why ? 
  what 's the point of that ? 
  do they really think two corporations will listen to a few vocal fans ? 
  i 'm talking about numbers here though . 
   few vocal fans, 
  warframe is a popular game and , more to the point , a f2p game ... meaning it has to have a huge population of players in order to sustain itself ( compared to some smaller , pay to play title ) . 
  even if all the 15000 r/warframe subs joined the cause , that 's still just a few drops of water in an ocean . 
  it 's gabe !, 
  he 's watching you from every nook and cranny . 
  yeah , but :, 
  * valve is valve . 
  * dota 2 is a competitive game where the balancing and listening to community feedback is essential . 
  warframe is mostly a co-op peer-to-peer 3rd person shooter . 
  it 's like comparing counter-strike with borderlands . 
  * dota 2 's f2p model is a true f2p model ( you can buy only cosmetic items ) . 
  this means that the dev team does n't have to think about incorporating all kinds of freemium schemes all the time and therefore the game can be balanced as good as is humanly possible . 
  games like warframe ca n't go all guns blazing and push to make the game as good as possible , because they would go out of bussiness . 
  they have to think about extracting money from the players . 
  that creates all kinds of communication barriers between the community and the game developers . 
  * dota 2 is still being developed by a relatively small team ( 30 i think ? 
  ) , the balance tweaks are decided by just a few people and there is no publisher . 
  meaning the dev team can be very agile and respond quickly . 
  like a kid in a candy store :p, 
  like usa :p, 
  nope, 
  yep . 
  essentially you have some dummy data protected by key x and real data protected by key y ( this is your hidden os - since the use of a hidden operating system is the suggested method for retaining deniability ) . 
  you give the authorities the password x and they get the access to the dummy data , but there 's no way they can reliably prove that there is a hidden volume inside the volume you provided the key for . 
  you 're right . 
  it 's * not bad * . 
  it is n't great either . 
  and even those who initially liked it a lot got bored of it after a week or two ... which is a huge problem for a multiplayer-only game . 
  anyways , this `` not great '' reality contrasts with the incredible hype-train leading to lauch , which is why people tend to present titanfall in a bit worse light than it actually is . 
  you can thank the likes of [ ign ] ( http://www.neogaf.com/forum/showthread.php?t=803517 ) . 
  yeah and driving an apc would protect you even better !, 
  not as good as a tank would though . 
  ... because it 's so hard to dynamically spawn you in an appropriate location . 
  the game knows where it can spawn you ( navmesh ) . 
  now it 's only a matter of deciding where it should spawn you . 
  there are many approaches you can take , but even the most naive one is still better than what bf4 does ( which just picks one of the predefined spawn points and dumps you in there willy-nilly ) . 
  say you have a spawn radius around a given flag , let 's just get the positions of all the enemy players in that radius and spawn the player in the least populated place . 
  and/or you can plug-in the current orientation of all the enemy players and select the place that has the least coverage of individual lines of sight . 
  is it really that hard ? 
  sigh .
