  video game projects stuck in development for long periods of time are notorious for the perpetual loop of `` engine or tools have been updated '' -  `` update/upgrade content '' -  `` engine or tools have been updated '' -  ... ( which is an issue with any game , but with development stretched into 5 or 7 years , you end up straight up redoing much of the content ), 
  20 % would be super optimistic . 
  in fact , i 'm 99.999 % sure that 20 % of redone content would be pretty average for any game with standard development . 
  the problem is that with too much time and too little oversight , you can end up with duke nukem forever instead of the ( new ) greatest thing since sliced bread . 
  4 years of development have passed and just the absolute basics of grand things to come ( if cig is to be believed ) are only beginning to trickle down to the backers . 
  the slowly evaporating goodwill of the community is completely rational . 
   i like to think, 
  are we already in the acceptance stage of grief ? 
  exactly . 
  you can apply this shit to anything , e.g. 
  us election `` anyone tired of this bipolar country ? '', 
   anyone tired of this bipolar sub ? 
  ^ because the most important thing to complain about is that the mood in the sub is not always negative or always positive ... 
  coming 2942 ... 
   i believe dan was forced to retire ? , or had trouble with a health issue that affected his perfomance . 
  i might be wrong on this one . 
  the question is ... can he return ? 
  it does n't sound like they 'd clear him to fight :, 
   in 2013 , hardy was diagnosed with wolff -- parkinson -- white syndrome . 
  a treatment for wolff -- parkinson -- white syndrome is ablation , cauterizing of heart tissue to fix the electrical pathway issue , however hardy has refused to have this treatment on the basis that the condition has never actually given him any problems . 
  as of november 2013 , he was waiting to see if he would be cleared to fight despite his medical condition , however as of november 2016 , hardy has yet to be cleared to fight again . 
  which would happen to like 1 % of the players . 
  in the age of wi-fi routers , there 's always a latency spike just a couple of hundred milliseconds away . 
   to protect the privacy please do not spread videos from #breitscheidplatz `` the background of the event is still unclear . 
  boils my blood . 
  i shudder when i imagine where is this cancerous pc thinking going to lead . 
  epic would be in a similar situation . 
  paragon is mediocre ( and no one plays it ) , fortnite is nowhere to be seen and ut is effectively a community project . 
  what 's left ? 
  the vr thingy ... robo recall , which will now be free afaik . 
  thankfully they 're the top dog in the engine business ( by far ) . 
  and c ) travis ' loads . 
   it is not common practice, 
  it 's not a common practice in most of europe and 99 % of men have no issues . 
  btw what the whole cutting thing is really about is religion ( and its remnants in culture ) , hygiene is not an issue unless you 're a pig . 
  you see . . masturbation = bad . 
  enjoying sex too much = bad . 
  cut penis equals less feeling , masturbation not as enjoyable , sex too . 
  premature ejaculation is a thing primarily with cut men as they do n't have enough minute control . 
  but god is happy . 
  first of all , how a rare form of cancer ( 1 in 100k/y ) factors in any of this is a mystery to me , but still ... 
  i 'll bite : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/penile_cancer#epidemiology, 
  tl ; dr : you 're pulling numbers out of your ass . 
   or remaster crysis . 
  remaster the trilogy 's single player . 
  add one unified multiplayer experience based on the elements of the multiplayer portions of crysis and crysis 2 . 
  sell for $ 40 on pc , xbox and ps4 . 
  problem solved . 
   i think it 's likely they have more pc gamers than we do . 
  but we 're talking about steam here ( and more specifically , buying games on steam ) . 
  available stats are [ here ] ( http://steamspy.com/country/ ) . 
  detailed stats we 're actually after ( spent money by country ) will probably be hard to obtain ( some of it appears to be behind a paywall here : [ br ] ( http://steamspy.com/country/br ) , [ au ] ( http://steamspy.com/country/au ) - sales charts tab ) , but judging by the relevant available numbers ( owned games by country ) , br and au should be very close ( in terms of the absolute amount of money spent on steam ) . 
  i do n't play eve , just check out the sub from time to time . 
  is this a joke ? 
   you casually threw this bit out there and skipped over a massive amount of issues . 
  an he has 119 upvotes at the moment . 
  this is why kickstarters for impossible projects gather hundreds of thousands of dollars . 
  people know just enough to be interested , but not enough to realize it 's a scam . 
  solar freakin ' roadways . 
   all you needed was the demo to sell me on why it 's a resident evil game in the vein of the classic 3 . 
  i do n't know . 
  i played the demo , seen all the endings and i have a different view . 
  to me , it seems like capcom just continues to chase the industry trends . 
  re5 and re6 were heavily influenced by the success of games like cod ( linear levels with checkpoint-based design ; low skill ceiling ; heavy on action while low on atmosphere ; cheesy , over the top plot ) . 
  re7 seems like a scaled back , lower budget attempt to a ) try to jump on the vr bandwagon while b ) cashing in on the `` scary/mysterious walking simulator '' fad that seems to be getting some traction lately ( projects like p.t. , vanishing of ethan carter , firewatch , soma , everybody 's gone to the rapture , gone home etc. ) . 
  i mean , i obviously see the influence of the original re games ( e.g. 
  exploring a structure , finding keys/buttons to open doors and progressing further ) , but it 's naive to think that the decision to make this project has been based on wanting to bring back the essence of the originals . 
  they were just a natural fit for the type of game capcom wanted to make . 
   scary horror survival, 
  the `` survival '' in `` survival horror '' has always been based on ammo management and enemy management ( mechanically ) . 
  the new re seems to be just `` horror '' . 
   at least they are chasing horror-game-trends , not action-game-trends . 
  yea , i guess it could have been a lot worse . 
  another half assed shooty shooty resi would be the worst . 
   the smaller the differences are , the happier people are . 
  a society with maximum equality would be a society with maximum happiness . 
  the problem is that it can never happen with the current evolutionary state of humans . 
  communism has never worked and never will work . 
  that argument you hear from most of the marxists and communists about how communism is good , it just has n't been implemented correctly * yet * ... yeah , no . 
  humans are incompatible with communism ( or any other extreme implementation of socialism ) . 
  we will always want to be better/stronger/smarter / more powerful/richer than our peers and we will always want to control other people . 
  communism sounds great for the upcoming ai transhumans though . 
  jesus ... eddie with long hair, 
  here khabib , have some kebab . 
  i know this is funny to a lot of people , but i find that this kind of shit absolutely delegitimates the promotion as a mma promotion . 
  it 's a fucking joke and , by extension , any decent matchup will become a part of this joke . 
   `` fight back '', 
  yeah , no kidding . 
  ronda did n't land a single solid shot while eating a bomb after a bomb like some kind of inanimate meat bag . 
  it was almost surreal . 
  yoel 's gon na get kod by usada before he 's gon na get a chance to ko bisping ... 
  i love diaz as a comedian and he 's great as a guest for a chill out podcast ( his stories are the best ) , but as i expect this to be a 207 recap podcast ( and there 's a lot to talk about ) , i 'd rather just have people who have something to say . 
  rogan , bravo and schaub all have very good ( to excellent ) understanding of mma ( and ufc ) . 
  that # 821 fight companion with joey ? 
  yeah , that was not that great . 
  no , his ridiculous alvarez tirade was enough for me . 
  is that really interesting ? 
  epic 's platforms team is awesome and you can make ue4 games even for mobile phones ... besides , `` many ue4 titles '' does n't tell you much since there are hundreds of them at this point . 
  i was thinking the same thing . 
  i do n't know if it 's a us thing ( i do n't live in the us and 3 % in terms of begging someone to stay sounds super low ) , but last time i asked for a raise , it was 20 % ( after like 2 years of working there ) .
