  savage . 
  none of those should be illegal by themselves . 
  yeah , being a misogynist , misandrist ( as we 've seen over the last few years ... maybe not that one , lol ) or racist probably will shoot down your chances of getting hired or being a respected member of the society in any capacity , but that 's how the system organically balances itself . 
  it 's natural as most people are not douchebags . 
  however , that 's where it should stop . 
  no exceptions . 
  if people are willing to accept censorship of thoughts of any kind ** that comes from the government ** , we are so , so fucked . 
  the whole pc nature of the west has gone off the rails so much , it 's starting to get really dangerous ( [ useful idiot ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=useful+idiot ) ) . 
  i do n't know how their engine works , so obviously i 'm not going to say that 's nonsense . 
  but , it 's a common practice to supply patches and dlcs in new packages and the loader is written in such a way that the more recent ones override the old ones in case there 's an asset collision . 
  from recent memory : bf4 cte had updates like every other day or something crazy like that , yet every patch ( even the content ones ) had tens to hundreds of megs , it was very manageable . 
  after all is said and done , my bf4 cte folder now has 45 gigs but just 620 files . 
  so smart content delivery systems and loaders are clearly possible to implement . 
  as for the package system i mentioned at the beginning of my post , if i remember correctly , even old idtech games had those . 
  you downloaded a total conversion packaged in totalconversion.pak , popped it into the base folder and told the ini to load it . 
  done . 
   neuroscience, 
   for anyone who wants to try it, 
  = lol, 
  the u.s. lap dog . 
  so sweet . 
  more like maple flavored high-fructose corn syrup . 
  i 've been keeping my body confused from day 1 ... destroyed pizza ... killed hot dogs ... murdered ice cream ... crushed big macs ... demolished nachos ... obliterated potato chips ... wrecked cheesecake ... annihilated onion rings ... exterminated m&m s. . . assassinated egg rolls ... slaughtered donuts ... 
  whatever it takes !, 
  kissing is someone 's fetish ? 
  that 's appalling !, 
  or you could kill her and then yourself . 
  that way , you wo n't be bothering other people with your relationship bullshit !, 
  950197 subs ? 
  already ? 
  what the fuck !, 
  edit :, 
  20th place . 
  30 day sub gain : 430,335 . 
  damn . 
  torpitz is op in capable hands . 
  you can say whatever you want , but once you get into a brawling distance with any battleship in the game except another torpitz , you have won - if you know what you 're doing . 
  i do n't like to face that ship in my nc & iowa , because you generally just ca n't brawl with them ... but brawling is so much fun , i want to do it all the time just to enjoy myself . 
  battleships brawling within secondary range is pretty much the most fun you can get out of this game . 
  the incoming secondary buff makes me so happy . 
  torpitz is disruptive to this part of the battleship gameplay mechanic set and imo just has no bussiness of being in the game ( as it is currently designed ) . 
  however not all is lost , since torpitz is a premium ship , noobs buy it and they tend to often rely on the torps so much that they forget to shoot and get citadel 'd into obvilivion . 
  so that 's nice . 
  \\ ^ how do people even get to the yamato with this kind of attitude . 
  the problem is not that it has torps per se , but the fact that it has torps which are not balanced by pretty much anything . 
  let 's compare torpitz with a fully upgraded north carolina . 
  * comparable armor, 
  * torpitz has a bit more hp . 
  * torpitz is considerably faster and has a tighter turning circle ( i think it has slower rudder shift though ) . 
  * torpitz has lower caliber guns , but at tier 8 it has no problems with penetrating anything anyways , plus it fires faster and its turrets rotate faster ( which balances out the loss of like 1.5 k of max ap damage ) . 
  * torpedoes    secondaries . 
  always . 
  not to mention that torpitz has 4 of them per side ( 4 * 13.7 k dmg ) , with 6km range . 
  and it also has decent secondaries . 
  my point is : it would be a competitive tier 8 ship without the torpedoes . 
  with the torpedoes ( and player skill being equal ) , you do n't fight torpitz close range or you lose , not much else to say . 
   those 15 '' guns are considerably less capable of penning ships, 
  tirpitz has zero problems with penetration at tier 8 . 
  15 inch guns vs 16 inch guns does n't really matter when firing at tier 8 ships . 
   her armor design is less than favorable at anything but point blank ranges, 
  your opinion . 
  the stats do not support what you 're saying . 
  it has comparable or better armor except for the decks . 
   and she 's what , 1kt faster . 
  30.5 kts vs 24.4 kts ... 
   stop trying to beat a tirpitz on her own terms . 
  it appears you managed to ignore my entire point . 
  tirpitz is a decent ship . 
  tirpitz with torpedoes is a decent ship that nullifies any brawling potential 6km around it . 
  i do n't understand any of this bs . 
  twitter is in [ deep shit ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xsfvtvw.png ) and instead of coming up with a plan to get them selves out of it ( which essentially means to hire excellent people , estabilish a 100 % meritocracy and brainstorm commercialization ideas like hell ) , they mess around with this super-wtf nonsense you can see in the blog post . 
  i mean , wow ... 
  i could understand it ( even though i would n't like it ) if the company was doing great and there were some political leanings ... but this just seems like craziness to me . 
  who knows , maybe they count on the high probability that some big guy is gon na scoop them up ( e.g. 
  facebook or google ) and are just trying to see how much they can get away with while they 're still in the position of power . 
  i just tried the fully upgraded aa on the des moines . 
  it was borderline hilarious , the range ( 7.2 km ) and the dps ( 486 +132 at 7.2 km and 63 at 2.9 km ) is craaaazy . 
  he says :, 
  i do think something major needs to happen ... 
  yeah , you need to get laid . 
  that military talk was stupid . 
  the military is not for everyone and to say that you should go for it just to learn discipline is a terrible advice . 
   when people have their final chance before the split, 
  assuming people give a shit unless they bought in already . 
  the game is nowhere near release and for an outsider , it 's about as attractive as it was half a year ago . 
  if i was n't a backer already it would be because i 'd do the smart thing and choose to wait and see ... meaning buying the game when it 's released or at least close to release . 
  the fact that cig decided to split the game in hopes that they 'll push the cautious gamers into buying the game is a weak marketing move ( and it * is * a marketing move to get more money * quickly * , otherwise there would be exactly zero reasons to do this split now , while the game is still in heavy development ) . 
  its weakness is evidenced by the raw numbers , where just a day before the cutoff , the daily average moves insignificantly ( it 's peanuts compared to when ship sales occur ) and the weekly one is also pretty much the same from the beginning of the year . 
  the market for star citizen ( in development ) has dried up . 
  some conspiracy theorists could easily see this split as a logical next step after the introduction of the affiliate program , a step that cig hopes will bring in more funds to continue the development . 
  me personally , i have no problem with that , however i do have to wonder if cig is really spending so much as the rumors would lead us to believe . 
  if they have just a couple of months long headroom as far as finances go , i 'd be worried . 
  cig has used both interventions it could - affiliate marketing and making the game more expensive - and i have to wonder how much room there is for more ship sales to the existing backers ... let 's hope a lot ( the numbers i 'm seeing here , like 150mil this year , are pretty damn optimistic , even for a fan subreddit ) . 
  what 's up with all these `` games '' without gameplay ? 
  y' all motherfuckers need to watch more tv . 
  most people visiting reddit either do not have accounts at all or are lurkers . 
  there 's close to zero chance that this was scooped up by a bot ( because a ) unrelated title and b ) text in an image ) . 
   which loophole, 
  tax deferrals . 
   under today 's rules , the u.s. taxes foreign profits at 35 % -- but only if and when these profits are brought back to the us .
