  the actual game looks nowhere near as good . 
   the actual game was shown off at citizen con, 
  yeah , and it looked like garbage when it mattered ( everything outside of the face tech ) . 
  i know very well how the actual game looks . 
  it 's a galaxy apart from this . 
  it 's not just the lack of proper aa , it 's also specular aliasing everywhere and massive streaming system issues ( space station elements `` popping '' in front front of you when you get out of the warp , next room loading in even as the doors are already starting to open etc. 
  etc. ) . 
  not to mention that the base level of post processing and lighting quality in general is turned to 11 for these renders . 
  what they 're showing in these pre-rendered trailers ( this includes most of the ship commercials too ) are lies and it 's fucking sad , because they 're intentionally misleading people . 
  no , the game will never look this good on your pc , no matter how many titans you have . 
  yeah , i have to agree , the child is pretty ugly, 
   yet britain lowered its flag in respect when the last saudi king passed away . 
  whoever is responsible for that is a fucking cunt . 
  any country that does bussiness with the saudis is a worthless whore of a state and does not deserve to continue to exist in the modern world . 
  almost makes you think that the muslim extremist threat is an artificially constructed `` problem '' so the governments could provide us with a `` solution '' ( which naturally involves limiting our freedoms and steeping on our rights ) . 
  almost . 
  i say almost , because we had this lovely thing https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_cyclone and nobody ( outside of top cia and nsa officials ) really knows if we 're just seeing the fallout of those politics . 
  i mean , given the state of the middle east , does anyone really need a conspiracy ? 
  just support the right kind of rebels here and there and the important things like stripping your citizens of privacy and raytheon 's bottom line will take care of themselves . 
   ea probably have massive pressure from the big d, 
  that 's not how licencing works ... ea paid [ a fuck ton of money ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtmxhvgzisy ) for the star wars licence , so the huge pressure is a result of that investment , not disney being disney . 
  all star wars games from ea will be aaa titles , with massive marketing budgets and as wide as possible appeal to the general core gaming public ( they do n't have exclusive rights for mobile , social , tablet and mmo categories ) . 
  and they need that , i can easily imagine 1/3 or more of the sales vanishing because of the licence . 
  stick it in her pooper . 
  good lord , please no . 
   find evidence that turkey is committing any elicit behavior ( for any kind of international terrorist ) , expose them , weaken their relationship with nato . 
  articles with such evidence are being posted here on this very sub like ... weekly . 
  the problem is not that nobody knows , the problem is that nobody will do anything because turkey is where it is and it 's a nato member . 
  all i see is an image released by turkey . 
  so , obviously , ** russia did violate turkeys airspace ** ... um , no , i 'm sorry , but that is about as much evidence as me drawing something in ms paint . 
  i 'm gon na wait for some 3rd party confirmation before i decide who fucked up . 
  and even then , i totally agree with / u/an _ image_of_mohammed , :, 
   a 30 second incursion into turkish airspace is not the reason this happened . 
  the reason the fighter jet was shot down is because it is fighting against the people turkey supports . 
  this has nothing to do with airspace violation . 
  consider anyone that is not a member of the army controlled by the legitimate government of syria as hostile . 
  use whatever means necessary , like israel does in gaza . 
  it 's sad that it has come to that , but somebody has to do it . 
  btw i 'm amazed and horrified at the same time that turkey is a nato member state . 
  the mere idea that we would have to help them if they were attacked by russia makes me sick to my stomach . 
   you hear about a teenage member of isis dying alone, 
  ^ fixed that for ya . 
  no empathy from me . 
  that human trash got what it deserved . 
  if this story was n't about a woman , none of you manginas would make a peep . 
  being young does n't absolve you of responsibility , especially when you 're physically no longer a kid and therefore the argument ( i often see used ) about an undeveloped brain is moot ( they were 17 , and 16-year-old ) . 
  but who am i talking to , right , for you lot women are basically some weird , delicate human entities incapable of equality with men , rocking an agency of a 5 year old child ( i.e. 
  completely lacking self-mastery ) and therefore need to be constantly protected and white knighted ... because they do n't know any better . 
  as one twitter activist once said : `` you made your bed , now get fucked in it . '', 
  anyway , gender should have no relevance in any of this . 
   with itself having committed numerous war crimes & crimes against humanity, 
  says who . 
  you heard that on cnn ? 
   legitimate government of syria, 
  of course these are all bogus and fake , just like in russia and any other country the us does n't like . 
  what a ridiculous notion . 
  are you seriously implying that isis came to be because people with `` the lack of empathy '' somehow found eachother and decided to terrorize syria ( and the world ) for ... the lulz ? 
  you have no idea how any of this works . 
  not to mention that females generally mature faster in many emotional ( and cognitive ) areas than males . 
  edit : for the unaware ... http://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2013-12/nu-bcm121913.php, 
  oh yeah , everyone notices how the us is willing to side with terrorism supporting ass backwards countries like turkey or saudi arabia just because of money and/or key location . 
  ( and it 's not just the middle east , the influence the us had on the development of many south american countries is another example of this 50 + year long `` ends justify the means '' policy . ), 
  i mean , i do n't want to paint the u.s. as some ultimate villain ( mostly because many of their policies and programs were a response to the development of the cold war ) , but their negative impact on many , many countries is undeniable . 
  ha , reddit is one of the biggest sites on the net , but no one upvotes or comments on this whole upvoted thing ... seems to be working flawlessly :p, 
  nope . 
   the s-400 uses three different missiles to cover its entire performance envelope . 
  these are the extremely long range 40n6 ( 400 km , can hit targets at a height of 185 km ) , long range 48n6 ( 250 km ) and medium range 9m96 ( 120/40 km ) missile . 
  each one has different capabilities . 
  btw you may be confused or remeber wrong because 400km = 250 miles . 
  wow , a neogaf thread * not * posted by / u/gafsucksalot2 ? 
  i 'm shocked . 
   it 's highly hypocritical to condemn sjw 's for going after someone 's job because of their personal opinion , and then going after a bioware dev 's job for his personal opinion . 
  while generally true , there 's one problem with this . 
  it * absolutely * bleeds into their games , which are becoming more and more sjw-ish with every new game they release . 
  now this may not interest you if you 're just a bystander , but it worries me , a mass effect fan . 
  the politics at bioware directly affect the product i 'm ( most likely ) going to buy . 
  this is very different than simply going for someone 's job to hurt them . 
  i kinda liked dragon age inquisition , but the conversations were sometimes cringe worthy as a result of the amount of `` diversity '' politics pushed into it ( there are tons of lines about race and gender , all clumsily but forcibly fed to you , so after a while you feel like being preached to , no companion ever approves of you having a conservative response , your character ca n't be `` bad '' in the sense of being politically incorrect etc. ), 
  which often pulled me out of the game . 
  also , there 's no boob plate and all the females in the game are ugly :p ... just kidding ... well , with that boob plate , but the way the vast majority of females in the game are designed makes me think that someone with the `` male gaze '' mindset had a say in [ their design ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cusrejewuae-sdh.jpg:large ) . 
   lolicon = defending pedophilia, 
   supporting pedophiles who passed around child porn = social justice, 
   i ca n't even . 
  `` no bad tactics , only bad targets '' . 
   what could go wrong ? 
  do n't worry , the [ s-400 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/s-400_ ( missile \\ ) ) system can simultaneously engage up to 36 targets . 
  and ? 
  she 's the only one and it 's 100 % for continuity reasons ( she has this outfit in da :o ) . 
  and even then , she has been slightly redesigned to be less attractive and apparently had a [ breast reduction surgery ] ( http://images5.fanpop.com/image/photos/30400000/morrigan-dragon-age-origins-30432949-1012-575.jpg ) . 
   air targets . 
  no shit , genius . 
  gee , i wonder what could an anti-air system shoot at ? 
   do your research before defending your weak country . 
  i find it funny that in the eyes of some murricans ( and in case you 're not murrican , i have to wonder what the hell are you talking about when you say `` weak country '' ... as anything less than the u.s. or maybe china would get dunked on so hard by the russians , it 's not even funny ) , anyone who has anything positive to say about the russians must be a russian . 
  pretty sad . 
  newflash : most of the world likes the u.s. about as much as they like russia . 
  not much . 
  cheeeeese !, 
  i 'm still waiting for visual effects in games to reach this level . 
  do even games with proper explosive shock waves exist ?
