   jungle, 
  sirland jungle or sirland valley, 
  immigrants . 
  lots of them . 
  tensions . 
  radical muslims . 
  tada . 
  okay , let 's tone down the amount of neogaf posts a little bit . 
  neogaf is the gawker of the internet gaming forum world . 
  we all know that and those who do n't can probably get an idea from one or two posts . 
  we do n't need to have 5 of them on the main page ( all posted during the last 24 hours ) . 
  we do n't need many posts because neogaf is not a plaform we should care about too much . 
  unlike reddit of voat . 
  it also is n't a journalistic entity . 
  calling out their bullshit has very limited value for us . 
  yes , i call him kotaku . 
  hyperactive little feller ... he 's in action all day !, 
  more like https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6pxzqaawhia, 
  5.4 million usd for a short platformer ? 
  ** they will have to sell 400000 copies at $ 20 just to break even !, 
  ** ( 20 * 400000 - 30 % for valve ~ = 5.4 mil ), 
  well , at least their mods have a sense of humour . 
   where the few sane people left do n't post in these threads because they know they 'll just get banned, 
  yep , that 's the primary reason i could n't be on such a forum . 
  keep your mouth shut or else !, 
  fuck that . 
   to a neofag, 
  watch out , the reddit police may ban you for being homophobic ... like they banned that clearly homophobic hellhole / r/neofag, 
  speaking of which , did the admins ever shared the reasoning behind banning it ? 
  or was it just a sjw brain fart in the spirit of `` oh noes , they have a fag in the name of the subreddit !, 
  ban it !, 
  ban it !, 
  ban it !!, 
  why is this thread an abomination ? 
  where do you live ? 
  i 'm 99.9999 % sure it 's somewhere with tight immigration control , like the u.s. 
  the immigration situation in the eu is not sustainable and something has to give . 
  unless you want to have another hitler on your hands , the flow of vast amounts of immigrants must be stopped . 
   where is the empathy ? 
  why can people not get that if they were in the same situation they would do the same damn thing ?!, 
  your view is naive to say the least . 
  open the u.s. border to mexico . 
  then talk . 
  good for you i guess . 
  if you do n't care about your country , fine , you 're one of the 60 % of belgians wishing that they were born somewhere else . 
  do n't extend that to the rest of the europe though . 
  also , i 'd be really interested to know if you 'd post the same thing in a parallel universe , where that terrorist getting on the train in belgium ( with an ak-47 and 9 magazines ) was n't stopped by those u.s. soldiers and killed maybe hundreds of people . 
   qahzzani moved to france in march last year . 
  at some point in 2014 , he travelled to syria , apparently to receive military training and fight in the country 's civil war . 
   having returned from syria , qahzzani is understood to have relocated to belgium early this year . 
   long before he went to the gare du midi in brussels on friday to board the train from amsterdam to paris , qahzzani was on the radar of the security agencies . 
   he was already regarded as a person of interest by the intelligence services of all three european countries where he had resided . 
   spanish intelligence was the first to identify him as a radical islamist . 
  they tipped off their counterparts in paris when qahzzani moved to france ; the french , in turn , alerted the belgians . 
  ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/france/11818048/french-train-attack-gunman-known-to-three-european-intelligence-services.html ), 
  maybe your benevolence is a part the problem . 
  maybe you 're choosing to not to see the problems . 
  maybe there are disasters waiting to happen that will change your mind one day . 
   we live in the richest countries in the world . 
  it is our responsibility, 
  that 's crazy talk . 
  what the fuck am i even reading . 
  yeah , let 's import all of africa into europe . 
  they 're the poorest , after all . 
  what a marvelous idea !, 
  seriously though , some of you are beyond help . 
  completely crazed by the leftist neo-progressive media propaganda . 
  i do n't belive in god , but god help us all if that 's what the majority of the european population thinks . 
  yes , you seem to be an idiot indeed . 
   long before he went to the gare du midi in brussels on friday to board the train from amsterdam to paris, 
  unless brussels is not in belgium that is . 
  soooo , you were saying ? 
  [ * crickets * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=re72di5phm0 ), 
  ah , i thought so . 
  nonsense . 
  if the belgian authorities were not absolute shit ( which i 'm sure is in large part due to racial profiling being `` racist '' and progressive politics being what they are ) , they would n't let a known isil associate roam free unchecked , let alone get him on a train with an automatic weapon . 
   hate and prejudice, 
  what we 're dealing with here are facts ( islam is an invasive religion of hate and non-believers are an enemy of any muslim . 
  ) , statistics and experience . 
  the vast , and i mean vast majority of terrorism on the planet earth during the last 25 years happened as a result of islamist extremism . 
  also :, 
   maybe there are disasters waiting to happen at any time , so fearing them is pointless . 
  that 's a really weird way of thinking . 
  i was obviously talking about a man made disaster , not a natural one . 
  what you 're saying ( in the context of a man made disaster ) is an equivalent of this : banks should not have security measures in place because robberies happen anyway and fearing them is pointless . 
  yes , you ca n't 100 % prevent anything , but you can mitigate the chance of it happening . 
  ** which is the fucking point . 
   fleeing from war, 
  first of all , that is your interpretation . 
  i would say most of them flee purely for economic reasons . 
  second , yes , many of the african countries are war torn and the amount of suffering happening there as a direct result of civilian wars is staggering . 
  if you want to take in these refugees but not the most of africa , you are nothing but a hypocrite . 
  the only difference here are numbers . 
  and this difference is getting erased by the day as more and more * hundreds of thousands * of immigrants arrive every month . 
  so i ask , when does it stop ? 
  how much can we take in before the shit hits the fan ? 
  ** if ** that 's true , then good riddance . 
  ( i was unaware that / r/neofag engaged in something like that . 
  i thought it was just word play and the sub was an equivalent of tumblrinaction ... but then again , i was not posting there or visiting it , so ... who knows . ), 
  if you equate preferring to not have your culture ( because most of them subscribe to the islam way of life , which is by definition invasive and non-assimilable ) and economy ( because most of them are uneducated ) ruined by hordes of immigrants with `` advocate letting people die '' , then we have nothing to talk about , i 'm afraid .
