  then again i work in software development so maybe it 's different . 
   mass effect has never been about combat, 
  mass effect , especially 2 and 3 were ( far ) more about combat than any other bioware game . 
  mass effect has always been an rpg in terms of narrative , but not really in terms of core gameplay mechanics . 
  expecting good action from the next big mass effect game is 100 % valid . 
   if you are from the us , you can support this channel by bookmarking this amazon link ( ... ) and using it every time you shop on amazon . 
  thank you !, 
   if you are from the uk , you can support this channel by bookmarking this amazon link ( ... ) and using it every time you shop on amazon . 
  thank you !, 
   if you are from canada , you can support this channel by bookmarking this amazon link ( ... ) and using it every time you shop on amazon . 
  thank you !, 
  pretty good . 
  until this part :, 
   we reach 200 million in funding . 
  yeah , no . 
  the pledges for 2016 reached $ 35m , which is about the same or slightly below 2015 . 
  at 1.7 m backers and the goodwill of the community dwindling , there is no room for growth . 
  unless cig releases ( part of ) 3.0 or sq42 early ( yeah , right ) , this is going to be the year of cig downsizing . 
   creating x does n't seem that much of a problem with their y development kit, 
  how many times have we heard this before ? 
  of all the sc talk coming from cr , the following ( and its variations ) are some of the statements he says the most when defending yet another delay ( tm ) of a game module :, 
   this essential system will take some time to develop , but once it 's in there , things will pick up speed !, 
  as for :, 
   they could ship them empty , just let us, 
  nope . 
  there has been some negative reception of this kind of content in the past and cig state this as the reason for not showing or releasing unfinished ( or `` not ready enough '' ) content anymore . 
  being realistic , the community can hope for sc 3.0 and one or two mission sq42 demo . 
  if we look at the history of sc development , anything more in 2017 seems like wishful thinking . 
   casualized trash, 
  a title can be casualized trash while still having a lot of work put into it . 
  attention to detail matters , especially in a game like dead rising . 
  if you watch the entire video , it 's clear that the development team just did not care enough about the game they were making . 
  the video is also a great broader statement about the state of the industry . 
  people can defend this game all they want , but the simple truth is that if a 10 year old original is more interactive/reactive than your latest and greatest $ 60 version , you have absolutely nothing to brag about . 
  ps : where do we , as gamers , want to see games as a medium in 10 years ? 
  are we going to let everything regress to a point when an artsy graphic novel walking simulator is the norm ? 
  do we just want better graphics and more pixels ? 
  it saddens me when i think about the stagnation in the level of interactivity , ai , physics and emergent gameplay found in games during the last 10 years or so . 
  when was the last time people were amazed by a game 's ai like they were when fear or halo came out ? 
  npc interaction and physics like when hl2 came out ? 
  it 's not about being `` cynical and sour '' , it 's about wanting to see improvements and i 'd say that wanting to see those improvements after ** 10 years ** is one hell of a reasonable expectation . 
   that willingness to accept the state of gaming today is in part what 's contributing to the watering down of the medium . 
  100 % agreed . 
  it 's one of the main reasons games will be roughly in the same ballpark of interactivity in 2027 as they 're now . 
  these fundamental improvements take a lot of time and r&d ( read : money ) and unless consumers demand them and reward them , there 's no incentive for the aaa studios to take the risks required and experiment . 
  it 's fine as long as you do n't expect much in terms of physics . 
  i do n't know , there seems to be a pattern . 
  you can add bizarre creations to the op 's list ( project gotham racing , geometry wars ) . 
  fc primal also runs very much fine . 
  90 % of trump coverage is coming from far left garbage media like cnn , buzzfeed or huffpo ... and if that was not enough , they usually just get triggered by his twitter trolling . 
  how the fuck are pro-trump people supposed to even * not * be still pro-trump ? 
  absolutely nothing has changed since the campaign ended . 
  cnn is still garbage . 
  pro-trump people still do n't give a shit . 
  mayweather-pacquiao did 4.5 million buys ... either way , the ppv would be ( at least ) $ 90 i 'm sure . 
   yeah pcf has some problems , but, 
  pcf does n't have `` some problems '' , giving money to any of these `` prevent x '' charities is a waste of money . 
  we do n't need more cancer awareness , we fucking know - it 's all around us , coming at us from left and right , families , colleagues , celebrities , tv , social media ... cancer is talked about everywhere . 
  * we do n't need more cancer awareness . 
  * everyone knows what cancer is and everyone is scared of it . 
  we need more money being spent on research , research is what will save lives down the line . 
  ( hell , i 'd be for some small 0.5 % income tax that would go directly to cancer research . ), 
  you could say the same about prevention , but the effectivity of that approach will be close to zero with any infamous disease , not to mention that `` cancer '' is such a broad term and there are so many unknowns at this point , no one really knows how to effectively prevent cancer beyond useless advice like `` eat healthy and excercise '' . 
  edit : the other charity agdq raises funds for , the [ msf ] ( http://www.msf.org/ ) , is awesome . 
  so ... hold on to your donations and drop them on sgdq . 
  this is what you get when tweens get super hardcore i-play-this-day-and-night-it 's - my-life kinda hardcore into a game . 
  i do n't want to sound like a dick here , but a combination of `` dark souls '' and `` speedrun '' sounds like a perfect combination for obsessive people . 
   just cancel the division ffs . 
  but i wan na see megan anderson ... :(, 
  the reddit keyboard warrior savagery truly knows no bounds ... 
  9.5 hours on the first playthrough . 
  hmm . 
  on the one hand i 'm tired of all the ubi-like open world games stuffed full of repetition , boring `` activities '' and lots of busywork ... but on the other hand , 9.5 hours in a game with backtracking , exploration and puzzle solving seems kinda low ? 
  it 's also not just that - the game has no multiplayer ( not even co-op ) and mercenaries mode is no more . 
  as for the replay value , this wil be different for each player , but in general games with a lot of replay value have to have either very strong minute-to-minute gameplay mechanics ( example : dark souls ) or branching story and quests ( mass effect , witcher ) ... 
  i 'm not sure that randomized item placement and harder difficulty can extend the life of the game for anyone but the most interested players . 
   this is a resident evil game, 
   people still play it all the time, 
  you can say that about any game ever made , it 's certainly no argument . 
  resident evil 5 was mediocre at best , resident evil 6 was bad , operation raccoon city & umbrella corps ... 
  i 'm not even gon na go there . 
  so where is this ridiculously sudden trust in the franchise coming from ? 
  everyone is now like yeah !, 
  less is better ! , as if the re brand had that level of quality in any of its titles since ... well , since the 4th game . 
  another guy in this thread wrote :, 
   basically , if this is as good or better than resident evil 4 , it pencils out to be a good deal . 
  i mean , hype much ? 
  jeez . 
  i like that they staying away from the open world cancer of the last few years , but come the fuck on , even doom had like 12 hours . 
   outside of open world games i could n't really give a fuck about obscure collectibles and secrets . 
  i do n't have the patience . 
  you 're not a wrong kind of gamer , in fact most people are like you . 
  obscure collectibles and secrets are only good for the fans of the game , people deeply interested in its lore , people who probably preordered it and who will most likely not even care about the critical reception . 
  that 's just the way it is . 
  any player can become one of these people by playing the game a lot and loving it , but it 's highly unlikely that a regular guy/gal just picking the game up and playing it ( semi ) casually will care about collectibles . 
  not to mention that running around searching for shit and scanning every nook and cranny of the polygonal world will absolutely ruin the pacing of pretty much any game . 
  would not recommend of the first playthrough . 
  dude 's gon na have a field day with this ... 
  copy paste from bf1 . 
   what makes you say she does alright herself ?
