  they care about having cheap fuel for their gas guzzling trucks , not some mess in some country most of them do n't even know exists . 
  this steep decline ( from high 300k after the launch to low 100k in under a month ) may actually be a good thing in the end , because it will probably push ea to take more risks with the dlcs and maybe deliver some * unique * gameplay and big changes to inspire growth of the player base . 
  i 'm afraid that the other possibility is that , like [ jim sterling predicts ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-hfrytmluk&amp;t=7m12s ) , visceral will get closed . 
  edit : so [ this happened ] ( http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2015-04-08-visceral-games-vp-and-general-manager-steve-papoutsis-departs-ea ) . 
  i 'm not doing an analysis of how the bf4 and bfh populations play time & day preferences differ or any other kind of a more exact measurement . 
  i 'm just interested in the trend , which is there . 
  btw it 's 71,137 ( bfh ) vs 75,485 ( bf4 ) now . 
  sure they do [ have them lined up ] . 
  but we also know from previous experience ( bf4 ) that at least the 3rd and 4th expansion are very much still on the drawing board and are many months away . 
   pc nerds, 
  well , reading your `` argument '' , you aswered to yourself ... 
  the `` pc nerds '' are a smaller , more focused and enthusiastic demographic that tends to buy stuff it 's generally excited about and plans to play for some time . 
  the console audience also includes this kind of people , but it is generally much , much broader and a huge portion of the player base consists of people who do n't play that much ( e.g. 
  they play for a week or two after the release and then they move to the next piece of entertainment ) , bought the game primarily for the campaign or got impressed by the marketing and/or bought the game just to have something new to play `` with the bros '' other than advanced warfare ... and are now getting bored . 
  . . what ? 
  pretty much . 
  the game is just bad and if ubisoft truly cares ( heh ... heh . . : / ) , they should scrap the whole thing and begin again . 
  but preferable . 
   am i going to jail for watching this ? 
  whatever , all i know is that i 'm going to fap to that until the party van arrives !, 
  man , jimmy carr 's jokes are the shit . 
  iteration and experiments , man . 
  works for blizzard . 
  :p failure is important for creativity . 
  well , ea already has all your money so they only * really * care about new players and new players will get a better experience when the whole thing gets nuked from orbit and everyone has to relearn everything . 
  pop in a free weekend or a free , week long gametime after these changes hit retail and there you go !, 
  always look at the money side of things and the reality of the situation will become clear :p, 
  `` damn zoe quinn said i was cool '' and given the nature of the rest of the tweets , it seems he 's serious ... jesus , this is like a perfect example of how an overly attached white knight may behave like, 
  can you imagine the outrage this video would cause if the victim was a woman ? 
  the society is very much sexist , just not the way it 's usually portrayed . 
  tl ; dr : republicans are a fucking joke . 
  how can you americans vote for them ... 
  hide fedora is malware . 
  berta and subsequent replies from triggered people is the best content yt comments can offer ... why would you willingly turn that off ? 
  all this is is a tiny proxy war that would require further escalation ( by an order of magnitude ) to lead anywhere . 
   they would have no chance of doing something practical defense-wise against a full scale russian attack, 
  which will never happen , and both sides know this . 
   but their loss would immediately ignite american outrage , guaranteeing a major american response, 
  let say the russian supported rebels ( separatists or `` terrorists '' as some people want to call them ) go crazy and kill most of those u.s. soldiers in some kind of bigger offensive operation . 
  what will the u.s. do ? 
  nothing . 
  they will send more troops * to ukraine * and the russians will send more of theirs . 
  nothing significant changes , things will just slowly escalate . 
  russia is one of the few countries ( india and china are the other two ) that is capable of completely wiping out the united states from the face of the earth and in the end , no one sane will risk it . 
  not over ukraine . 
  since when is stating facts `` political '' ? 
  the video does n't contain any political opinions . 
  it 's probably breaking the reddit rule # 1 : ceo would n't like it . 
  or pretty much every video from john oliver 's hbo show ... 
  yep , here : http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/32zer4/how_every_company_in_america_can_save_23_on_wages/, 
  nope , somebody reposted it but it 's blocked again . 
   i would not be surprised to see her kind of ideology and attitude spread to the administrative and moderation culture of reddit at large, 
  dude ... where you 've been for the last year or so ? 
  she has both direct and indirect influence over the reddit hiring process ( i.e. 
  the admins of the site ) and she * explicitly * stated that `` diversity issues '' matter a lot during the process . 
  this , in turn , both directly and indirectly spreads sjw mindset on reddit as a site . 
  the fact that the reddit hq is located in san francisco is also not helping . 
  as for the mods , you have these cancerous personalities who spread through many subs and some of them are either paid by reddit directly or are supported by the reddit staff . 
  pretty much all big subs now have a couple of these people . 
  the initial idea of having a different set of mods for all the different subs ( and only a few admins enforcing the site wide rules ) pretty much went out of the windows and there are now * many * mods who are modding dozens of subs . 
  add the ability of creating auto-modding tools ( such as removing any post containing `` gamergate '' in seconds ) and shadow block people ( only admins can shadow ban - i.e. 
  silently ban your posts site-wide - but the mods can ban you the same way , just within a sub ) and you have a community that is * anything but democratic * . 
  not to mention that there is no hierarchy in the modding structure ( like we have in the real world justice system ) and if you feel wronged , you can go cry to your mommy because nobody gives a shit . 
  try to argue that wage gap statistics are not politics ... you 'll either get no response or a prepared `` rule 1 : no politics '' response . 
   a lot of players bought the game from rsgc, 
  all retail copies are rsgc only . 
  i 'd say 2.5 m total is a conservative estimate . 
   no , buying from rockstars website , gmg , nuuvem and any other third party, 
  i 'm not disputing that . 
  i 'm just saying that all the people who bought the retail copy in a box ( e.g. 
  me ) do * not * have the steam version . 
   rgsc keys sold, 
  they probably did n't . 
  i 'm talking about the 7 disc retail version ( which you have to register on rgsc before you can play ) . 
  i pre-ordered mine and at the time of release , most shops had it * sold out * and were stating that new orders will be delivered in like a week or more , first-come , first-served . 
  i actually think the retail version sold almost as much as the steam version . 
  in the eyes of the sjws this is not racism , it 's being progressive and radical and cool . 
   can we stop attacking patrick bach in person ? 
  you 're saying that like he 's some kind of powerless victim . 
  the guy is an executive producer and a pr machine . 
  i think he can handle himself . 
  as an executive producer , he was * directly * responsible for the project . 
  executive producers are responsible for the overall production , business , budget , legal etc. 
  he had the power to negotiate with ea and , most importantly , he had the power to be honest about the game . 
  instead , he chose the way of lies and deceit . 
  all was going well until i got to the point 4 and then i stopped reading . 
  nice selective memory you have there , my friend . 
  battlefield 4 exists . 
  this is a standard practice in pretty much any country . 
  it 's an additional layer of protection that sometimes works and prevents people from pursuing the matter further . 
  `` ah , i signed this , damn . '', 
   how can i ? 
  because you recognize that business is business . 
  do whatever will offer you the best chance of succeeding and pursue your dream . 
  if you let the feels win over pragmatism , you 're one step closer to becoming the thing you hate . 
  but that 's just the network 's point of view . 
  i , as a member of the audience , find classic 23 episode series to be increasingly more and more boring and artificially stretched out , at least as far as dramatic series go . 
  personally , i prefer heavier stuff like breaking bad/ray donovan/house of cards etc. , but to talk about something more `` mainstream '' : daredevil has just the right amount of episodes , when i compare it to something like agents of shield , agents feel much , much more dragged out and with unnecessary amount of filler . 
  tl ; dr : while the networks may have valid reasons for the longer format , i 'm not so sure the audience wants it . 
  not anymore .
