  the only unfair thing here is that if this was a dude , doing the same thing she does , he would n't get his balloon popped , but his ass whooped . 
  i have to admit that i do enjoy seeing the police when it finally gets involved . 
  as one youtube commenter put it : `` seeing liberals getting battoned in 2016 has never been more entertaining . '', 
   the silence of these `` feminist '' hacks is a clear sign, 
  heh ... you should see the feminist reaction to the cologne attacks . 
   cologne attacks : during the 2016 new year 's eve celebrations , hundreds of sexual assaults ( including groping ) , numerous thefts , and at least five rapes were reported in germany , mainly in cologne city centre . 
  similar incidents were reported in hamburg , frankfurt , dortmund , d\u00fcsseldorf , stuttgart , [ 22 ] and bielefeld . 
  [ 7 ] [ 23 ] [ 24 ] all of the incidents involved women being surrounded and assaulted by groups of men on the street . 
  [ 25 ] [ 26 ] there are more than 1,900 victims and it is reported that up to 1,000 men may have been involved in cologne , [ 18 ] acting in groups of several dozen . 
  police reported that the perpetrators were men of `` arab or north african appearance '' and said that germany had never experienced such mass sexual assaults before . 
  initially , there were attempts to censor this and both the police and the media conspired to not to talk about it . 
  when the social media blown the lid off the whole thing , the feminists were suspiciously quiet . 
  after all , what better example of a `` rape culture '' could you get as a feminist ? 
  then finally , after the intial mainstream outrage died down , the articles and opinions began to trickle in ... claiming that either a ) the attacks were there before the muslim migrants came in in large numbers or b ) that - and i 'm not kidding - the muslims are not at fault because they do n't know any better and we must teach them not to rape . 
  you see , the problem is that on the privilege stack , being a muslim man is lower than being a white woman . 
  it does n't matter that islam is a religion , in the eyes of the regressives being a muslim equals being brown and oppressed . 
  therefore you as a member of an oppressed group get a free pass . 
  this is why you see crazy things like 3rd wave feminists being in bed with islamist extremist groups on some topics . 
  this is why you see a huge rise of antisemitism in the universities ( since jews are considered a ] white and b ] oppressing the muslims ) . 
  so to get back to the `` no intent in resolving any women issues '' ... no , of course not . 
  they care about political gain , they care about demonstrably nonsensical marxist bullshit like the patriarchy , rape culture ( non-existent in the western world ) and the like . 
  calling these 1st world problems is an understatement , but when you 're a bored middle class libtard in college , i guess it 's not that hard to jump on the bandwagon of failed ideologies . 
  especially when the system itself seems to basically promote marxism ( at least in social sciences ) . 
   is fine as long as you 're on the right side of the narrative, 
  if we learned anything about the regressives over the last couple of years , it 's this one thing . 
  `` no bad tactics , only bad targets . '', 
  saying `` maybe she asked for it by wearing that '' is deeply misogynistic , but when an anti-sjw woman journalist gets splashed with piss or a trump supporting woman gets eggs thrown at her face , it 's their fault - they asked for it by `` being on the wrong side of history '' ( as sjws like to say ) . 
  double standards are not only a thing with regressive left , they 're a core of the set of ideologies the regressive left is built on . 
  a game of dudes and dudettes ? 
  sounds like fun ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
   i 've fucking had it with this shit , i will wipe my ass on bill gates ' mother 's face . 
  lmao, 
   les strouds was about going into the wild and surviving, 
  and being boring . 
  because that matters in an entertainment show ... somehow ... 
  how ? 
  it does n't matter at all . 
  it was never marketed as `` this guy will now survive in the wild for a week and we 're gon na film it '' . 
  it was always about giving you the * information * and showing you the * techniques * of surviving in the wild ... and being entertained while doing so . 
  all this grylls vs stroud bullshit is about a minor , but vocal group of people who think that `` but but he actually stayed in the wild for a week while shooting this '' actually means something and that grylls is somehow a phony for not doing it when he does n't have to . 
  the whole survivorman series is filled with shitty camera work . 
  and for what . 
  bragging rights ? 
   authenticity . 
  please . 
  the one and only thing you can be critical about is if the man vs wild show presented false information ... did they ? 
  i 'm not aware of any of that . 
  eat/drink this , do n't eat/drink that , do this , do n't do that . 
  the rest is entertainment . 
  but people got butthurt for some reason when they got the information that some of the show 's stunts and situations were staged and the crew regularly stayed at hotels . 
  wow , what a shocker . 
  that grylls dude is not actually staying in a bog for a week !, 
  what a pussy , the show is shit now . 
  and this comes from the same people who enjoy wwe . 
  i love how it says `` phony bear '' and then lock the comments . 
  lmao . 
  as for surviving `` far from civilization '' - i already addressed that in a different comment , so wo n't repeat myself . 
  i do n't care how they were able to shoot what they did , it could all have been cgi for all i care . 
   alright , you have to be trolling at this point . 
  you realize that it has shitty camera work because he does n't have a camera crew and uses hand held cameras ? 
  yes , that is why it 's shit . 
   you do know that all the camera work is done by les stroud himself, 
  no , i evidently do n't . 
  that 's why i did n't write the camera is shitty . 
  smh, 
  fuck yes , an overhauled camera !, 
  i hope this works in replays too . 
  ( the game had a free camera in replays but it would mess up the aiming reticle and gun rotation and god know what else ), 
   imperial siren, 
  is that like a star wars thing ? 
  [ nice torpedobeat you got there ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2xdnaqi7ag ), 
  it would n't take that long , regressives do n't have guns :d, 
  btw is n't that something that happened during the last violent protest against trump supporters ? 
  i think it was san jose where a libtard mayor told the police to stand down ( there were even some reports on twitter that trump supporters and anti-trump thugs were intentionally funneled in such a way that they meet and shit hits the fan ) , let the thugs do their thing ( beat people and burn american flags ) and then went with the good ol `` this is the atmosphere trump creates '' line ? 
   psa : if you are worried to damage your ship , stay away from this game, 
  ftfy :p, 
  and it 's fucking ** iowa ** goddamit . 
  nobody in the human history since ww2 ever cared about izumo , plus it 's ugly as sin . 
  it 's nothing but a stepping stone to get to the yamato . 
  iowa class , on the other hand , are the best looking ships ever designed . 
  you know what ? 
  i 'm gon na watch the final battle scene from battleship right now !, 
  ( i 've seen it probably a dozen of times already :p ), 
   prolate spheroid, 
  edit : apparently it did n't come across - i did n't post this gif to ask why it 's called prolate spheroid , lol . 
  i posted it because i do n't really get why is the game played with it instead of a. . . you know , an actuall ball/sphere . 
  gaming websites are the lowest hanging fruit , it 's only natural that sjws will slowly but surely infest them more and more . 
  imagine you 're a regressive , either fresh out of college or still studying . 
  let 's see what gaming `` journalism '' offers you :, 
  * low barrier to entry ( your random social whatever degree is fine , same with [ the lack of ] experience ) . 
  * ability to comment on wider entertainment culture through writing about media that is easier to attack and influence ( compared to something like movies or television , where the competition is much higher ... even though new faux journalistic platforms like huffpo or forbes made a bit easier to enter those ) . 
  * close to zero oversight , so you do n't really have to love games ... hell , you do n't even have to like games . 
  just keep pretending and peddle your regressive ideology . 
  people who truly love games and want to critique them or write about them without excessive ideological bullshit mixed in will always find a way , their enthusiasm will show . 
  and with new platforms and media like youtube taking the spotlight away from traditional press , the group of successful people in power ( to influence the consumers ) who * actually * like videogames will only grow . 
  so ... game publishers ... the games media does n't have to be your audience , the games media is over . 
   media paints them to be, 
  because the media is largely controlled by hardcore leftists for which the muslims are the most oppressed entity in the universe ( and take it to such lengths as not reporting on some of their crimes and apologizing on their behalf in case of others ... like rapes ) . 
   facebook user properly is a great tool . 
  i follow bands , restaurants , and bars to hear about shows and deals .
