   he 'll eventually do something to shame us , if he has n't already . 
  this happens all the time , it does n't mean the movement supports it . 
  and when i see it ( i have n't see it yet ) , i 'll call him out and un-sub . 
   new ` scorched earth , no forgiveness ' philosophy, 
  new ??? 
  so emailing the advertisers ( which happens for at least a month ) of gawker is a gesture of good faith or something ? 
  lol . 
  like i said [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/kotakuinaction/comments/2kdt8w/as_much_as_i_like_totalbiscuits_blog_post_theres/clkf3h4 ) before , i 'm all for talking to impartial publications , but the time for extending olive branches to the scum pond is over . 
  bridges are already burned . 
  they burned them . 
  i 've said that i 'm finished with this thread , but - thanks . 
  you absolutely can . 
  not twice as fast , but you will definitely notice the difference and more importantly your brain has more information to work with . 
  you can react in about 200ms , but that 's end to end time . 
  lcd -  photons -  eyes -  brain ( processing ) -  muscle movement -  input lag of the controller -  input lag of the game ( how fast the game scans the input and how fast the animation/physics systems works ) -  rendering framerate induced lag -  screen input lag -  lcd -  ... 
  also to get back to the `` your brain has more information to work with '' :, 
  your brain has the capability to register and later recall one specific image in an unbroken series of different images , each of which lasts as little as 13 milliseconds . 
  this is scientifically proven . 
  but that 's not all , given very short visual impulses ( 1ms ) , your brain ( visual cortex specifically ) is capable of merging them to appear as one stimulus ( this is due to persistence of vision ) . 
  you may not `` see '' far beyond 100fps ( as far as memory/recollection goes ) , but your brain will notice it and will be better at predicting movement for example . 
  jesus , that shovel must be so worn out by now . 
  because tb said so . 
  listen and believe . 
  * sigh *, 
   its over now , we can all move on . 
  apparently not , otherwise the skeletons would stay in their closets . 
  i do n't see it black and white ( as in the `` he 's either an angel or a shill '' way ) . 
  there can be third parties ( i.e. 
  maker ) nudging him into the right direction . 
  also , this is simply not true :, 
    if tb didnt agree with #gg , he could do far more harm to us by just denouncing us . 
  first off , he would take a significant `` persona '' hit because he would look like he either ca n't research shit or has an agenda to push . 
  regardless of what you think about him as a person , he has zero to gain by supporting anti-gg since his bussiness model is entirely linked with the youtube watching gamer populace ( most of which , in his case , are pc gamers who tend to know their shit ) , but this may not be true about the mcn he 's partnered with , his industry contacts etc. 
  second , if tb ( or any other `` celebrity '' on our side ) wanted to mellow out gg , this is exactly how it could be done . 
  push the message of extending olive branches to the gawkerists and collect dirt on prominent/vocal members of the revolt to let it slowly discredit itself . 
  i 'm not saying that 's what 's happening right now , i did not see any evidence of that so far , but it 's worth watching his steps closely simply because there are indices that could be interpreted both ways . 
   in between it going gold and the final release they managed to improve resolution and get the framerate up to 30 from 20ish . 
  yeah , i was quite surprised , but that 's an outlier . 
  it 's also not just framerate , they fixed the ridiculous dips ( lag spikes of up to 200ms ) and increased the resolution from 1600x900 to a more fitting 1920x768 ( 1080p with black bars ) . 
  for those who are not in the loop : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hm3z_xrct6w, 
  my personal opinion is that the bethesda engine team / doom team had to step in just before the release and help out ( it has great talent and some stellar new hires like the former lead rendering programmer at crytek , tiago sousa ) , because what is shown in the video is a huge difference . 
  i can see why he wrote it . 
  the cost of a programmer hour in the us or uk will be much , much higher than the same hour in ukraine or romania . 
  that 's just the reality of eastern europe economics . 
  i 'm sure it was meant to illustrate that ubi skimps on the money they spend on the ports . 
  you need mse & h. 264 or mse & webm vp9 !, 
  firefox 33 does n't support that . 
  ~ ~ firefox 34 does ( i think ) . ~ ~ [ firefox nightly does ] ( https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/mozilla.dev.platform/c1j6dysgk0s ) . 
  also , if you right click on the video and select stats for nerds from the context menu and you see dash : yes , then mse & h. 264 or webm is supported and you 're good to go . 
   offload some of the video playback processing onto your gpu so that your cpu is n't doing all of the work, 
  these days pretty much all the rendering in the modern browsers is offloaded to the gpu , not just video , even rendering of regular pages . 
  firefox nightly only . 
  youtube 60fps video , right click , stats for nerds , do you see dash : yes ? 
  that 's probably because there are not any ue4 games out except that shitty maze thing with zombies made on a really early version of the engine . 
  and also the vanishing of e.c. 
  art department rocks . 
  ue4 is a galaxy ahead of what it can produce compared to ue3 ( not just as far as graphics go , all systems have been revamped and workflow streamlined ) . 
  ue4 constantly evolves and it 's still very young , give it time . 
  ** this is not dynamic . 
  it is not a comparable solution to svogi or vxgi . 
  ** not even lpv . 
  `` real-time '' yes , but dynamic as used here is kinda bending the term . 
  asset setup is complex and it works only on static objects ( because only those can contribute to their gi system ) , e.g. 
  you ca n't shine a light on a red sofa , then move the sofa and have the color bleed also move with the sofa . 
  enlighten has been in use for quite some time , even bf3 has it . 
  well , hopefully you 'll get to the point of realizing this before you start doing any sweeping changes or big decisions ... 
   it 's worrying to think that people might start compromising their game design for the sake of a pretty lighting system, 
  agreed . 
  personally i think that one of the main reasons why bf3 destruction is so much more focused on micro-destruction ( and not macro-destruction like in bfbc2 ) is because of enlighten . 
  what 's that ? 
  some dirty javascript peasant language ? 
  200 k/d games incoming . 
  flying coffin that can do 60-1 with the 1 being one sraw luckshot ( skilled pilots never hover , there is no chance of getting an easy sraw kill unless you 're in a good position * and * skilled with it ) . 
  shanghai is notorious for this , it 's not something that happens once in a while . 
  and you know what ? 
  let them have it , these players apparently know what they 're doing so let them have their ridiculous k/ds . 
  what you 're doing now is changing it to 100-0 all for the `` noble '' goal of noobs being able to fly the ah with no problems . 
  which is exactly what they did , they changed it so the noobs can fly it . 
  for an experience pilot however ( someone who knows the angles , knows their way around the map , hiding spots , danger zones etc. 
  ) , this makes the ah ridiculously more powerful because they can do ridiculous shit with it now . 
  oh and btw ** one extremely important thing nobody seems to give a shit about ** ... the vehicle respawn times . 
  you ca n't have god vehicle of any kind if their respawn time is almost instant . 
  there 's no achievement in taking down a tank or heli if it respawns a minute later ( or even worse , instantly ) . 
  if you keep buffing the vehicles you have to compensate with respawn times . 
  edit : this is based on standard preset . 
  obviously classic is different since the ah will not self-repair and you have to land it , get out and fix it . 
  this makes lock on aa effective . 
  but then again nobody ( in a grand scheme of the general bf populace ) plays classic and therefore you definitely should n't balance the game around it in any way , shape or form . 
   besides , every engineer who needs to bring a stinger because of a heli is an engineer who ca n't bring something else to counter your team 's tanks , making them more effective . 
  teamplay . 
  something unheard of by many sky knights . 
  totally agreed . 
  stinger is a last resort for any decent engineer on the ground . 
  since they nerfed slams you no longer have the means of taking down a tank without a rocket shot even in an ideal situation ( all 3 slams hit ) . 
  personally i pick the stinger only on matches when we 're getting hammered by a pro and sraws are ineffective . 
  the usability of an autolock personal aa in general is sooo much lower than the usability of a sraw/medbag/ammo bag/spawn point . 
  one more thing :, 
  people keep mentioning igla . 
  i do n't get it . 
  yes , you can reacquire lock or fire two and theoretically get two hits in ( if that 's still a thing , have n't used igla in a while ) ... but the thing has unbelievably narrow selection of situations where it works .
