  mad max pc was developed by avalanche themselves ... 
  pitchford and his whole company can go to hell , what a sleaze . 
  come on , admit it , you just got hammered and posted nonsense ... happens to the best of us :p, 
  somebody cross post this to / r/wtf . 
  ( i would do it myself , but i 'm banned there . ), 
  first seagal and now this ... someone is smoking the good shit . 
  the only thing more cancerous than bitching on reddit is bitching about bitching on reddit , mr. / u/i _ hate_reddit_now . 
  ( and yes , i do realize that technically , i 'm now bitching about bitching , but someone had to do it . ), 
  on topic :, 
  the op says `` she fights like a girl '' which is an apt description even though it was probably not meant to be . 
  i can totally see people `` critique her '' because that 's not kicking , it 's basically slapping . 
  taekwondo is full of flashy , almost acrobatic moves , but its effectiveness in self-defense or mma ( which are two things most people are aware of ) is very limited . 
  it 's very limited because :, 
  * properly damaging kicks get their power by 1 ) going from the hip ( torque motion using abductors , obliques ) and 2 ) hitting with the shin , not the foot . 
  none of that is in the gif . 
  * it 's funny you mentioned cardio since what she 's doing is a nice workout , but that 's not the point of the gif , is it ? 
  not that at that age kids can produce much more power , but this goes back to what taekwondo is as a sport - needlessly flashy , ineffective and tiring ( relative to the damage done ) . 
  taekwondo is notorious for its high burst short stamina style ( this is not helped by all the stance switching and jumping ) . 
  elements of taekwondo ( and the technical skill you can get by practicing taekwondo ) are great when implemented in other , more realistic fighting styles ( yes , talking about mma , i.e. 
  mixed with boxing and grappling ) , but it 's no suprise people are skeptical when seeing a kid acrobatically slapping a dummy like in the gif . 
  i had one of these today and i use no mods whatsoever . 
  real fights ? 
  as in self-defense ? 
  probably bjj ( definitely if you are of a smaller frame ) . 
  edit : of course the best self-defense is to run away . 
  `` self-defense '' also assumes an untrained opponent . 
  also if it 's not 1 on 1 , striking would be better , since when you ktfo one dude , the rest will most likely get scared and run . 
  i think taekwondo is awesome as an activity ... it 's also awesome to look at ( when watching a skilled adult out of competition * ) . 
  ever since i was a kid and played hwoarang in tekken 3 on psx i loved the burst style , the combos , flashy kicks etc. 
  without even knowing i was looking at taekwondo . 
  as a sport ... the rules are just weird to me . 
  you can punch , but only to the chest protector ... so effectively you ca n't really . 
  the kicks are intentionally limited to just your foot ( below ankle ) and you can kick just the chest protector or head , no leg kicks , no knees . 
  the scoring system is also weird ( from a practical standpoint ) as not only is it based on power ( which is kinda ironic when you consider that you ca n't use the shin ) , but also flashiness as the spinning techniques get more points . 
  \\* taekwondo as a spectator sport pretty much sucks , they even had to change the rules to make it more interesting ( inactivity warnings , changing the point conditions for victory to allow for longer fights and comebacks , spinning techniques getting more points etc. 
  very interesting , the folding of the steel was pretty awesome , copper also . 
  reddit is weird sometimes , compared to the other videos from the channel that were posted here recently , this is far more unique , yet has very little upvotes . 
  i guess people see `` crushing metal pipe '' title , think `` meh '' and do n't care . 
  welcome to the left controlled media where the mere possibility of something sparking some kind of conservative or nationalistic feelings down the line is actually worse than the actual manifestation of racism and terrorism as long as the subject is a member of a group perceived as being oppressed . 
  this has reached crazy levels in germany and sweden , but it 's also at full force in the us ( at least on the media level ) . 
   `` liberal '' media, 
  there are no mainstream `` liberal '' media , they 're progressive . 
  which these days means [ regressive ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=regressive+left ) . 
  they 're illiberal . 
  for anyone who looks out for these things the regressives and pc thinking is everywhere and this us presidential election only makes it even more visible . 
  80 % of time msnbc or cnn spend on politics is talking about how much racist trump is . 
  the rest is about how hillary is a woman and people who do n't like her are sexists . 
  aesthetically it looks like a mix of sc2 and dota 2 ... hmm , might as well try it, 
  not at all . 
  dude is smoking something . 
  the very money you speak of is backed only by the goverment that issues it . 
  that goverment 's most important source of income are taxes . 
   the u.s. government 's total revenue is estimated to be $ 3.644 trillion . 
  the individual taxpayer -- you -- provides most of the income for the federal government 's budget . 
  that 's because income taxes contribute $ 1.78 trillion , nearly half of the total . 
  another third ( $ 1.14 trillion ) is contributed by your payroll taxes . 
  this includes $ 827 billion for social security , $ 254 billion for medicare , and $ 50 billion for unemployment insurance . 
  corporate taxes add $ 419 billion . 
  customs excise taxes and tariffs on imports contribute $ 150 billion . 
  if people decided to not pay taxes , the us as a whole would cease to exist and the dollar would be ( at least temporarily ) worthless . 
  and what after that ? 
  you 'd still pay taxes , just to your local state gov which would have to pick up the slack after the federal gov has dissolved . 
   outside of the police , the courts , the army , and departments dealing with the finances of the government, 
  ... and a dozen other departments you 'll conveniently leave out because dem free markets will obviously bring all the shit that has to be planned for ( almost ) decades and is not a short term investment you can explain to your share holders ( like the development of the infrastructure or the education system ) ... for some reason . 
  hardcore libertarians are a joke . 
  i 'd like to see your face when your kid dies from food poisoning because you disbanded the fda ( and the rest of these watchdogs ) and there are no standards . 
  yeah , once `` the news '' spreads that the toddler formula x seems to contain heavy metals because of rusty pipes in the factory , the company would probably go under and the market would adjust ... but the kid is already dead . 
   if my kid died , there 'd be no one to blame besides myself , because ultimately my disinterest in pursuing more information and verification regarding the product lead to his downfall . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbudpo2lsx4 - watch the first minute ( btw i do n't know the youtuber and i do n't really care if he 's an astronaut , a communist or identifies as an attack helicopter , i just liked the video ) . 
  if your reaction to that is a simple `` meh , their fault '' , it just means you may be a sociopath . 
   if you 'd like to see a glimpse of this , look no further than the online supplement market . 
  they 've managed to bypass fda regulations and every major vendor provides certificates of analysis from third party labs verifying the purity of their products , so that consumers are at ease with their purchases . 
  i hope you 're joking . 
  the supplement market is notorious for containing crap it 's not supposed to contain . 
  from dick pills to gainz supplements . 
  usada , for example , has a [ massive list ] ( http://www.supplement411.org/hrl/ ) of supplements containing substances you 'll find nowhere on the label . 
  the reason why they 're not called drugs but supplements is to evade a more rigorous control . 
  there you go , a perfect example of what happens when you loosen the control . 
   i 'd prefer the death of my entire family than to live in this authoritarian wasteland , which is eerily similar to an orwellian dystopia . 
   is over 5 years old, 
  does it matter how old it is ? 
  it should n't since :, 
  * it 's not an opengl 4.5 game . 
  ( so , on the hardware level , you do n't need 7000 series or better . ), 
  * it 's not exclusively a dx12 game . 
  frostbite is still a dx11 engine ( again , on the hardware level , you do n't need 7000 series or better . ), 
  * some of the 6000 cards had very respectable performance somewhere on the level of today 's game notebook mid-to-high end class . 
  this is especially true if you happen to have two hd6970s or a hd6990 ... that 's around gtx 960 performance . 
  * previous games on the latest ( pbr ) iteration of the frostbite engine ( battlefront , pvz 2 , mirror 's edge 2 ) afaik did n't have issues with these older cards . 
   people are making it seem like it is with the disproportionate amount of attention it is garnering, 
  ask yourself why that is . 
  it 's because everyone is scared of being called racist/homophobe/bigot , have their employer called etc. , which creates an extremely sensitive culture of political correctness which then lets the small minority you speak of do whatever the fuck they want and gives them attention in the media . 
  we have recent cases of bombings and terrorism where it has been documented beyond any doubt that the attack could have been prevented , but the citizens who noticed something 's weird did n't contact the authorities in fear of being thought of / being called racist . 
  people all over this thread talk about swearing , pg-13 etc. 
  i envy your naive , beautiful souls . 
  you know what they say ... ignorance is bliss . 
  this a power flex saying a very simple thing : if you have a political view youtube has an issue with ( google openly supports hillary and the democrats , so anything from calling hillary a criminal to talking about shit like regressive left , having an issue with gender studies , feminism , social justice , blm etc. 
  can and potentially will fall into that category ) it can and it probably will demonetize your content . 
  this has nothing to do with swearing and everything to do with being aligned with the incorrect political view ( or even just giving that view a platform ) . 
  it 's youtube saying ** behave , or else !,
