  if you think that a random argument on the internet is harassment then i do n't know what to say ... other than you 're an idiot . 
   especially if you slide, 
  are you blind ? 
  the main characteristic of `` harassment '' is that it 's targeted and repetitive . 
  if i opened that dude 's post history and started to comment on his unrelated posts or if i decided to send him dms ... that would be harassment . 
  maybe . 
  depending on the content . 
  so , to reiterate , i do n't know what to say ... other than you 're an idiot . 
  heh , this may work on little and/or pussy ass countries . 
  look at the composition of the participating nations . 
  they 're all u.s. bitches . 
  sue india . 
  lol ... what 's next , sue russia ? 
  you know what ? 
  let 's sue china !, 
  what ? 
  the u.s. bitches part ? 
  well , it 's true ... :p, 
  oh come on ... with all the crying about the meanies on the internet . 
  do n't post your content on an open platform if you ca n't handle the heat . 
  besides , turning off comments is just one click away . 
  same goes for the likes/dislikes . 
  `` the golden age of youtube [ home videos ] has past . '', 
  is complete bullshit . 
  i 'm subbed to plenty of channels with close to zero budget , including cooking channels and home hints channels . 
  if we exclude the copyright bs which certainly is an issue ( especially recently ) , youtube is as good or better than it has ever been . 
  ** the golden age of youtube is now . 
  ** not to mention that the birth of platforms like patreon allowed the smaller content creators to be less inclined to aggressively seek subscribers ( = be more mainstream ) and focus more on the content quality , take less brand deals etc. , making the content better . 
  glorious revenge !, 
  battlefield is about combined warfare . 
  aircraft , infantry , tanks . 
  ww1 is not happening . 
  unless it 's not a main line battlefield title , but a spin off . 
  totally agree . 
  ww1 is not interesting in any way . 
   combat in 1918 looked much more like that of 1940 than 1914 . 
  i disagree . 
   this would work a lot better than you think . 
  trench : the game . 
  thanks , but no thanks . 
  on the ubisoft 's staggered release reasoning :, 
  the piracy excuse does n't apply anymore . 
  ubisoft now uses the denuvo protection , latest version of which ( that primal is now protected by ) has not been cracked since fifa 16 came out . 
  none of these denuvo games have cracks/workarounds :, 
  * fifa 16, 
  * star wars battlefront, 
  * plants vs. zombies garden warfare 2, 
  * just cause 3, 
  * rise of the tomb raider, 
  torrent is a delivery method , even linux distributions use it . 
  all the torrents you 're seeing are just the files for the game . 
  a preload of sorts . 
  people download it and then just drop in the crack once it comes out . 
  you ca n't play any of them right now . 
  i will give you 10 golds if you can show me a proof that you can play any of these games without a licence . 
  you ca n't . 
  this thing even made the news a few weeks ago on gaming sites , torrentfreak and the like . 
   by the time it happens, 
  yeah , that 's the point . 
  any protection that can postpone the crack by a few weeks is great . 
  denuvo seems to postpone it by a few months ( fifa 16 came out september 24 , 2015 - we 're opening the 6th month now ) . 
  yes , both games were cracked ( workaround ) . 
  they used an older version of denuvo . 
  also , any mgs 5 patches other than the first few ( v 1.02 was the last one i think ) are protected by the latest version of denuvo and no cracks are available for those . 
  grep ... heh . . / r/linux is leaking . 
   where the fuck is the argument on what the woman wants ?!, 
  now hold on for a minute , you 're now critizing the culture of brown people . 
  that 's not cool . 
  you just triggered ben affleck . 
  he 's a good director and that was racist, 
  http://reddit.com/top/?t=all 1st or 2nd for sure, 
  got to beat 38 156 . 
  already has 32 231 . 
  there 's some fuckery going on for sure . 
  it not only has comments with more upvotes , it has more comments than upvotes ... like twice as much comments . 
  and it 's not a controversial post , the upvote/downvote ratio is at 97 % !, 
  6078 upvotes and 15603 comments as of now . 
  if you look at / r/all , the vast majority of posts have at least 10 to 1 ratio of upvotes to comments ... meaning the original number of upvotes exceeding 50k is very much realistic . 
  yeah , because there 's no 1440p encode yet ... lol . 
  i guess you mean r/the _ donald ... 
  which is stupid , everyone knows that you harpoon the whales, 
   what 's worse is the moderators of / r/bitcoin are involved and are intentionally censoring content regarding the corruption . 
  do you have proof ? 
  because if you do , the admins can nuke the entire mod team as they did before in many subs ... 
  edit : to be perfectly clear , i meant the corruption , not censorship . 
  of course the admins do n't care about censorship , but they do care about corruption . 
  it has been stated multiple times that if you want to advertise , you have to buy ad space from reddit and paying/compensating the mods for favorable modding is bannable ( this happened on r/starwarsbattlefront , for example - [ admin ] ( / u/sporkicide ) , [ thread ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/starwarsbattlefront/comments/3s9u24/regarding_the_moderator_situation/ ) ) . 
   reddit admins have already publicly responded to the censorship on that subreddit . 
  `` censorship '' is a random complaint . 
  it means nothing . 
  mods can change subreddit rules in whatever way they want . 
  hell , they do n't even have to follow their own rules !, 
  what makes the admins act ( or at least i witnessed such an action multiple times ) is if a mod accepts compensation from private entities as a direct result of being a moderator . 
  case in point : sw battlefront mods accepted gifts from ea , while keeping the subreddit relatively free of negativity . 
  there was proof and they got removed . 
   proof of censorship ? 
  not at all . 
  read my post again , i even made it perfectly clear with an edit . 
  people need to realize that reddit is not against censorship ( you will not find anything about that in the general rules and lately , pretty much the opposite is true , as the site leans more towards purging any hint of what they see as hate speech , see fph drama or the new quarantine system ) . 
  as far as site wide rules go , it 's perfectly fine for a mod to enforce a set of his/her own personal ideological or political views on a sub about ...
