  as a result , u.s. multinationals have chosen to defer indefinitely the payment of us taxes on $ 2 trillion in foreign profits by keeping them abroad.for instance , general electric holds $ 110 billion in foreign profits abroad ; microsoft $ 76 billion and pfizer $ 69 billion , according to audit analytics . 
  `` put costs in high-tax countries and profits in low-tax countries . '', 
  moving ownership of profitable assets to overseas subsidiaries while incurring expenses in the u.s. ( or whichever home country ) - that 's not `` moving money '' , that 's accounting manipulation with the sole purpose of evading higher taxation regardless of where the actual money making bussiness is located . 
   under the current deferral system , us multinationals have a powerful tax incentive to construct facilities and buy companies located outside the us . 
  if deferral were ended , these companies would make locational decisions based on business factors , rather than tax rates . 
   fuck you , i 'll eat what i want . 
  sincerely , japan . 
  fuck you , i 'll bomb what i want . 
  sincerely , u.s.a. 
  too soon ? 
   it does n't really make you a hero either . 
  why do people even expect to be the hero all the time . 
  anti-heroes are usually much more fun ( and realistic ) . 
  i do n't think there 's a single story-driven video game out there that lets you be a selfish bastard and get away with it ( i.e. 
  the games that offer some sort of a choice or an illusion of choice always end up punishing the player in the end if they happen to make `` bad '' choices ) . 
  you either get on board with the idealistic moralizing ride or be sent into the corner for being bad . 
  bad player , bad . 
  you did n't care enough and now everybody dies . 
  bad ending . 
  be sad . 
  think about what you did . 
  i 'd love to see something like mass effect that would n't treat you like a child which needs to be taught morals ( i mean you can be a `` dick '' to people in any mass effect , but the game never lets you be an anti-hero . ), 
   it exists as a giant honking `` see , we were right all along ! '' example of how much money studios can make when they craft a film aimed at 15-year old boys ( or men old enough to buy a ticket to an r-rated movie but with the mentality of a teenager ) . 
  it 's taken a decade for hollywood to realize that smash hit films aimed at women and minorities are n't standalone flukes but examples of a clear demographic demand . 
   the problem is forbes is a blog farm . 
  so you can get people like this asshole, 
  true , the issue i have , and why you ca n't just ignore it like `` who cares , it 's a tumblr blog '' ( in my opinion ) , is that google promotes it . 
  i found this article by just searching for `` deadpool '' in the news category . 
  it was visible on the first result page without scrolling . 
  i guess it wo n't come with p-500 bazalts :d, 
  exactly . 
  encryption security is a very different beast than os security ( or sw security in general ) . 
  eli5 for people out of the loop : let 's say have a sentence . 
  the encryption algorithm/cipher ( let 's say aes ) is an open , rigorously tested method ( a set of rules ) that states how to replace the characters in the original sentence with new , different characters while using a key , so that it 's later possible to replace them back to the original ones by using this key ( at least in the case of symmetric key algorithms like aes ) . 
  that has nothing to do with software and you can theoretically do the same thing on a piece of paper . 
  the attack vectors and their complexity are well known and most of their usefulness lies in the realm of scientific study , particularly cryptography and computational complexity , since most of them are absolutely out of the question in practice as the attacks require several orders of magnitude more computational power than the humanity has available now ( or will have in the near future ) . 
  apple would have to invent their own aes version with a backdoor and hope that nobody will notice . 
  while that is theoretically possible , it 's a tinfoil hat area and as far as i know there has been no known instances of something like this happening before . 
  that wi-fi has nothing on me !, 
  i played it recently and i felt like it did n't age well . 
  it 's hard to come back to it when the last 5 years or so were filled with great open world games , many of which simply pushed the genre to whole new level . 
  in my opinion , right now , red faction armageddon is better . 
   i think rf : armageddon , the fourth game , is actually very good . 
  people hated it because it was a sharp change of direction from rf : g but it 's fine within its own genre . 
  totally agree . 
  it got somewhat negative reception back then , but thanks to the metric ton of open world games that came out since guerilla ( which now feels 15 years old , not 7 ) , it 's the better game as far as today 's standards are concerned . 
  [ 7:42 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sf2tcy281rk&amp;t=7m42s ) killed me xd, 
  mudvayne - dig on charlie bit my finger ... that 's genius, 
  take the kid , then curbstomp the father and his stupid mustache . 
  idiots should n't have kids . 
   what exactly was that supposed to help ? 
  who cares about abusive scumbags ? 
  they should feel lucky they 're just out of work . 
   as a mother , i 've had to do what i can to keep my child safe, 
  from the article :, 
   `` i was upset , '' said emily white , the boy 's mom . 
  but , she told sanders , it 's not indicative of her husband 's personality . 
  i 'm willing to bet my left hand that shit was not an isolated incident . 
  it never is . 
  `` oh no no no , this not indicative '' . 
  that bitch is just protecting the scumbag husband . 
  poor kid . 
  the comments from some of the people who know what 's up :, 
  * he 's `` remorseful and embarrassed '' because he got caught . 
  not because he committed the act . 
  * `` if he does this in public , imagine what he does behind closed doors '' *, 
  edit : now that i watched the interview with the mother , i 'm 99.9 % sure she 's lying . 
  the way she shows no emotion whatsoever is very , very striking . 
  no sadness , no anger , just a blank face trying to keep the lie going . 
  whoever downvotes your comment is a cunt who does n't know what the fuck are they talking about , and more to the point , a cunt that actively adds to the shitty situation by spreading their stupid opinion based on zero stats and/or zero experience . 
  ( yes , * you * , the downvoter , are a cunt . ), 
  it 's been scientifically proven beyond any doubt that having shitty parents makes you much more likely to become a shitty person . 
  abuse produces abusers . 
  toxic family environment produces kids with toxic behavioral traits ( traits that are very hard to get rid of and often are for life ) . 
  being raised by a single parent may make you statistically more likely to be poor , but if the alternative is to be raised in a toxic `` family '' environment , being poor is a win . 
  both for the kid and the society . 
  oh look , another apologist . 
  the kind of person that tries to justify beating kids because they 're annoying . 
  tell me what more would that video had to contain for you to say `` yep , that father is a scumbag '' other than maybe flat out punching the kid . 
  probably nothing , right ? 
  what i see in the video is cunt that kicks his son in the back , who then falls ( not slides , falls ) off a 12 feet high ramp . 
  then turns around and pretends like nothing happened , everything is ok . 
  there is no way to explain this . 
  there is no `` out of context '' here . 
  there is no slapping an annoying kid here . 
  what the fuck are you even trying to say by your shitty post ? 
   moral of the story live your own life and only interact with others when you are trying to make theirs better . 
  that 's the most stupid thing i have ever heard . 
  that little gem you posted basically prevents you from having any political discussion and prevents you from exposing bad ideas . 
  what you wrote can be descibed as burying your head in the sand . 
  but that 's not the worst thing . 
  you know what 's really sad ? 
  the really sad thing is that people like you are the number one reason why many kids get beaten and abused for so long and so hard . 
  the number one reason , by far . 
  all these stories of teachers and relatives and neighbors turning a blind eye for months or years because it 's `` not their bussiness '' . 
  you make me sick . 
  * the only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing . 
  found the downvoter :p, 
   harassing this guy on the internet, 
  your definition of harassment is laughable .
