  it feels like they did it to inflate the number of abilities . 
  upgrades are mainly lame as well . 
  some are nothing more than a simple dmg bonus . 
  another thing about the skill trees are the focus abilities . 
  why the crap is there `` hail of arrows '' in artificer , and not in archery ? 
  why is the fiery meteors in rift mage and not in inferno ? 
  why is n't blizzard a focus ability ? 
  haste in necromancer ? 
  that does n't even make sense . 
  that ' should have been placed in creation where haste used to be or something , oh wait ... that does n't exist anymore . 
  and why is necromancer made up of several abilities that they randomly took out of spirit and entropy from the previous games ? 
  spirit tree is now a former shell of itself , and should be renamed the barrier tree . 
  in fact , all of the trees are shells of their former selves . 
  they have a quota for a number of trees and abilities to fill or something ? 
  and why does n't every tree have one focus ability ? 
  why are n't all of the barrier related abilities stuck in one tree , instead of being scattered around throughout several of them ? 
  the champion tree is basically vanguard 2.0 and the only focus ability that even makes sense with the tree that it is in ( that i currently recall ) is probably rampage in reaver . 
  consistency , it does n't exist . 
  - maps :, 
  with how empty the maps are , it felt like i was playing skyrim . 
  if you play dao and go to orzammar , you can find several side quests with actual story/content and stuff n ' things to do , same with the dalish camp , etc. 
  in dai , you just walk around until you find some notes , and a pile of dirt , or for the few that actually have a person with dialogue is nothing more than a few lines . 
  now place several sticks in the ground and quest complete . 
  more of the map space is used for rifts and shards than actual content , and i have an issue with that . 
  even the quests for inquisitor specializations have you bumbling around looking for random guys to kill and scavenging for random materials . 
  and i remember it being said before release that specializations would be story based . 
  i do n't really feel that searching for random enemies to kill is much of a story . 
  it 's just pointless walking around , that definitely puts a hamper on the pacing of the game 's actual story . 
  - ( arbitrary ) restrictions :, 
  weapon and armor restrictions take away from building and playing the character how you want to . 
  it 's so arbitrary . 
  rogue can only use dual daggers or a bow ? 
  not a single dagger , but two ? 
  not a dagger and sword ? 
  two swords ? 
  sword and mace ? 
  maybe a shield ? 
  maybe you wanted to be a dual wielding warrior , or a ranged warrior . 
  a mage with a sword or armor ? 
  you could do that in origins , and the option for out of the box builds/hybrids offered more replayability . 
  then they have the audacity to tease me during the corypheus cutscene in haven by having the character pick up a sword ( even as rogue or mage , no forgiveness !, 
  you do n't even get attribute points on level-up anymore . 
  but anyway , dai also has a huge focus on crafting , and you can craft poison , but the poison can only be used by rogues ... somehow . 
  then why have it as a craftable thing ? 
  then they go ahead and place poison and traps as talents ? 
  why would they do that when they made the effort for a crafting system ? 
  i 'm actually surprised rock armor potion is n't a mage restricted item . 
  equipment should not be a talent , so make it one way or the other . 
  flasks , grenades , traps , potions , and poisons as either all equipment that you craft and not restricted by class , or have them all as talents . 
  arbitrary restrictions are yucky . 
  ** quote pt . 
  2 : ** ( 1st part is [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/dragonage/comments/2q3m09/my_review_of_dragon_age_inquisition_based_off_190/cn2xtkx ) ), 
  - choices :, 
  there are fewer choices than ever before , and some of them are arbitrary and limited . 
  dao had several end results for many main and side quests , and this game basically threw all that out with `` pick one or the other '' for main quests and turn 90 % side quests into nothing but fetching items . 
  one that i disliked was the chargers living or dying during bull 's companion quest in the storm coast . 
  why could n't i offer to help the chargers by myself ? 
  we needed to hold both locations if we wanted to keep the dreadnaught , right ? 
  so hissrad and gatt stay behind at their spot , and i run over , solo , to help fight with the chargers . 
  instead it 's just stay or help . 
  why could n't the chargers retreat ? 
  they had a reason in-game , but i do n't remember it . 
  however , if they die , that 's just the same as not even being there , so what 's the point ? 
  another one i hate is the hawke or stroud/alistair/loghain choice . 
  not because i was worried for hawke or alistair . 
  not because i cared about stroud ( worst placeholder i 've ever seen ) . 
  he was a traitor turned warden . 
  not anything special , so i would have no problem leaving him to die . 
  none of them even amount to what hawke is/was capable of . 
  hawke was a one - ( wo ) man army who defeated the qunari in kirkwall , among other great actions that few could ever attempt . 
  it 's not that i hated having to choose , which was really easy imo . 
  it 's how they did it . 
  the giant spider in the background was just sitting there doing nothing , and we sit around talking about who will stay to hold it off , rather than everyone just running to leave right then and there . 
  or , why did n't we all just fight it ? 
  you sure kill a lot of things in dragon age , so why not ? 
  were they too tired after fighting the nightmare demon ? 
  i 've heard that a mage hawke fights the giant spider up close with melee staff attacks , what a great idea . 
  also , allies ( templars , mages , wardens , etc ) that join you , do not even participate for the end battle , so what 's the point . 
  flavor dialogue ? . 
  i 'm sure glad i got to make those choices - ___ -, 
  - epilogue :, 
  we do n't even hear about what happens with our companions , or what happens with certain places . 
  in dao , you learned about characters and places , even if they were small . 
  paid for a girl 's sword ? 
  she goes to denerim and gets married to ban tegan . 
  gave money to a waitress in redcliffe ? 
  she starts a brewery in denerim . 
  sided with the guards in amaranthine ? 
  the city 's economy grew . 
  conscripted alec the sheepherder ? 
  he became one of the greatest soldiers of the next age . 
  leliana 's end-game adventure ? 
  the game felt more dynamic and alive because such things , big or small , were noted and you learned how the world was affected . 
  dai basically just makes a summation about the divine , mages , and grey wardens . 
  nothing about the `` little guy . '', 
  sera greatly disapproves . 
  i was always satisfied with the epilogue in origins , but with dai , i was like , `` that 's it ? '', 
  what happened to sera ? 
  what happened to my bae who caught me slippin ' ? 
  i 'm wondering if they left out companions for the sake of an expansion or something , in-case they return .
