  battle pickups . 
  javelin - lock on launcher with very limited usability . 
  so what 's left - mbt law , a launcher that is unlocked from the start ( and it has kills just because it 's a starter weapon ) . 
  so what 's left , sraw , smaw and rpg . 
  rpg leads , therefore it 's op , nerf pls . 
  the whole video is full of clearly biased wording . 
  tl ; dw version : `` as a helicopter pilot , i like that the sraw was nerfed '' - bad cte flyguy # 21, 
  mom : get over here !, 
  guy : i ca n't !, 
  mom : you idiot . 
  happy new year . 
  it 's because some people want to play soldiers arma-style without the baggage that comes with playing arma ( or milsims in general ) . 
  some people just take it too far and then you have pure hilarity such as `` no running '' servers . 
  also , whatever dice says , most gadgets are simply not balanced around hardcore . 
  `` no c4 , no rpg '' makes sense if you want to have decent infantry-only games . 
  `` no snipers '' is harsh ( usually it 's sniper limit , not no snipers ) , but again , i can see why would someone do that if they do n't like the fact that any contact with a sniper rifle round kills on hardcore ( i.e. 
  you get shot in your toe and still die ) . 
  exactly , it 's sad that all the modern military shooters ( including bf4 ) try to `` emulate '' this by overdoing these as static scripted sequences . 
  imagine if you had a bf singleplayer campaign with a strong a.i. 
  component and open or rather semi-open world map ( e.g. 
  strategic war map and then individual tactical battles in prettied up mp maps or their variations based on the needed game story element ) . 
  the situation in the video could happen just based on the game mechanics and a.i. 
  ( emergent gameplay ) and such a campaign ( if directed correctly ) could be awesome and even teach all the newbies how to drive all kinds of vehicles and pilot helis and jets ( by having semi-optional or optional missions with helis/jets/tanks / jeeps ) . 
  that most upvoted comment `` now days chicks just skip porn and go straight to being a profession girl gamer '' xd, 
  while rape threats are disgusting , you ca n't really stop them or react to such things by shutting down your plans . 
  iirc jessie went from no porn presence to shooting pretty rough gangbang fetish porn ( including anal , dp , you name it ) to ending her short porn career to be a `` game streamer '' ( in quotes because i never saw a single stream , just heard about it ) to an [ anti-porn activist ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymwvwhogdfm ) who in the end deleted * all * her public online accounts and claimed that the porn industry used her and certains producer ( s ) abused her . 
  i understand that not everyone has a thick skin , but that 's what agents , pr companies and internet moderators are for . 
  that girl had issues . 
  thanks , go get them , 
  the community provides a ton of great sraw clips , but this ... this is art . 
  apparently it 's too hard ( read : time consuming/expensive ) to fix this late in the game 's life ... 
  frostbite sure has quite a bit of nonsense in it ( or more like whoever worked on this used the tools not as intended ) . 
  you have collision primitives in the walls and the incendiary grenade 's sphere/capsule of effect . 
  make an intersection test . 
  do n't make excuses and fix it . 
  just saw the `` railgun update : impulse reduced , blast radius decreased , damage reduced '' and thought of this :p, 
  well as far as i 'm concerned , the railgun should n't be in the game ... but then again there 's the sraw uber-nerf etc. 
  remeber when they said cte is to test stuff before release ? 
  yeah , and then we got the crap medbag ** by accident ** . 
  how long is it in the vanilla already ? 
  nothing has changed . 
  that is a shitty excuse . 
  you could theoretically push a patch 10 times a day on the pc , if you wanted to . 
  especially if the server side does n't change . 
  either frostbite is a shitty tool chain or ea is a bunch of corporate shitlords ( most likely both ) , but none of that is a valid excuse why the pc version does n't receive updates at least once a week . 
  consoles can then get a cumulative update once a month or two . 
   no , creating , cooking , communicating with the origin team , uploading . 
  uploading is a matter of seconds . 
  cdn propagation is a matter of minutes . 
  i can compile the whole ue4 source in half an hour . 
  cooking takes time , but you do n't cook everything all the time ( well , unless frostbite is a shitty tool chain ) . 
  i said `` theoretically '' as in somebody forgot a semicolon somewhere in a script , not that a part of the map needs to be redone or a feature reimplemented . 
   because it 's not fair to last gen players, 
  i guess i should throw my pc out of the window because its power is `` not fair '' to the console players . 
  game parity across different systems ( lowest common denominator ) is a retarded idea pushed by corporate shills like ubisoft . 
  do n't make it sound like it 's something desirable or `` fair '' . 
  still crap . 
  what about :, 
  reducing the laser guidance distance to say 50m . 
  that way it keeps its capability of clearing rooftops while removing `` shoot and just keep pointing '' mechanic against air . 
  or make it like at4 , wire guided , no laser guiding . 
  just do n't fucking keep nerfing what is fun about it . 
   recommended has always meant ` this is what you need for the best experience ', 
  no it did n't . 
  and it never does . 
  some games use ( d ) `` optimal '' for that , however recommended has always meant a system which can render the game in such a detail and performance that the gameplay experience could be described by `` as the developer intended '' . 
  now what this means exactly is of course open to interpretation , but i always thought about it as the system on which the game is capable of running in 1080p ( or whatever was the most widespread pc monitor resolution at that point in time ) , `` high '' details ( on a scale of low-med-high-ultra ) and a minimum of 30 fps ( plus maybe some cheap , post-process aa ) . 
  i really think this game is being hurt by poor marketing . 
  you ca n't just expect that you 'll make a new ip in a niche genre and people will magically turn up . 
  get a ton of review copies out there , use the new media ( youtube ) , even do some paid promotions with famous youtubers , if you have to . 
  as proven by starcraft , there is sizeable audience hungry for good rts games . 
  you just have to seek it out . 
  it 's not like there are hundreds of base-building rts games out there competing with each other !, 
  ^ nah ^ just ^ kidding ^ or ^ am ^ i ? ^ :p, 
  maybe less of them would have died if the raid was n't so amateurish and 15 minutes late . 
  i do n't see how this is shitty taste . 
  the video does n't even show anything offensive . 
  if one or more cops died during that raid , i could maybe see that ... but they did n't . 
  you 're making this something it is n't . 
   the point of this post was never about any hostages , this is about the simple fact that there are like 20 swat guys standing in front of a doorway , pretty much exactly like a locker game with 64 players . 
  thank you . 
  this is exactly why i posted it . 
   a kill assist device, 
  this is exactly what happens every fucking time when dice nerfs something hard to `` promote the usage '' of different gadgets/weapons . 
  people just start using different gadgets/weapons because no one will use a kill assist device when they can get a kill . 
  ( javelin and aa mine nerfs are just two examples of this . ), 
  right , i knew that petroglyph is making a new rts game at some point , but i completely forgot about it . 
  then i saw totalbiscuit mentioning grey goo in some podcast `` oh and grey goo is releasing soon '' and i 'm like `` wow '' , check it out and see that it releases this month ( ! ), 
  and it even has some beta gameplay and promotion videos with just a handful ( ! ), 
  of views . 
  the official grey goo yt channel has < 2k subs , most videos have 5-10k views . 
  the whole channel 's content is , as far as the view count goes , equivalent to one tb video . 
  the official twitter account has < 1k followers . 
  the official facebook account has < 3k likes . 
  both are fairly deserted as far as fan activity goes . 
  no wonder i learned about the game 's release by accident . 
  i simply do not believe people do n't care , the game looks interesting . 
  especially the latest videos presenting the factions look cool ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smcwmzrpzwy , https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-r-4lf_3le ) , yet have a handful of views ... 
  ** the game does n't even have a steam page yet !, 
  the game is going to bomb horribly if there is not a good marketing plan in place and ready to go pretty damn soon ( next week kind of soon ) .
