  its use from the spawn is limited to pretty much base rape situations , do you want to take away the mortars from the pushed in team ? 
  how about move the fuck out and let the weaker team regroup ? 
  ) , that 's why i said he was `` complaining '' ... because that 's what the original post is . 
   posts like this, 
  please tell me how this post is an example of a good post . 
  it 's a complaint . 
  nothing more . 
  it doesnt present any arguments as to why the dice team should care about this too much let alone prioritize it over other things and do some kind of mortar overhaul . 
  i came to this thread thinking x and left with thinking x because the op has no substance . 
  you see , i complain ( ed ) too . 
  i do n't like scouts . 
  i 've said that multiple times . 
  most people here probably saw a match with a 50-0 scout ( most likely not just once ) . 
  some people here may even agree with me in thinking that they make the game less fun for the majority of players and more fun for a very small group of players . 
  that does n't make what i 'm saying anything more than a complaint , because my evidence is curcumstantial at best and even if it was n't , there 's a valid point of view that scouts * should * be op in the hands of a skilled pilot even if they do n't require teamwork , not to mention that substantially nerfing the scout could have unwanted side effects . 
  `` i do n't like this '' without `` because ... '' does n't really help , even if there are people who feel the same . 
  well , of course outside of some specific situations , like a community poll or a targeted test of some subsystem/weapon `` feel '' etc. 
  nice !, 
  love the podcast . 
  one of his latest podcasts , a fragment related to our cause ( i.e. 
  sjw/socjus/censorship related ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxjbc0jh3py&amp;t=2h20m, 
  someone with enough autism should begin compiling a list of examples of the double standard admin behavior . 
  from what i vaguely remember over the recent months , ghazi/srs should be a gold mine for that . 
   1.3 million users to support all the hundreds of games coming out on steam these days . 
  nonsense . 
  read it again . 
  20 % of steam accounts own 4 or more games . 
  so ** ~ 25 million accounts own 4 + games ** . 
  as with everything in life ( and populations ) , the data will probably resemble a typical normal distribution ( bell shaped curve ) like [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8c/standard_deviation_diagram.svg ) , which means the top 10 million will probably own a lot more games than 4 . 
  if you had just 1.3 million gamers that even care about new titles , there would be no way games like cities : skylines and ark : survival evolved could reach the sales they did ( both ~ 1.4 m at ~ $ 30 ) . 
   135 million people actively browsing the store on a weekly basis, 
  there are 135 million * active accounts * . 
  active means that you log in , not that you browse the store . 
  there are vast amounts of accounts that just play dota 2 ( or other f2p games ) , and do n't buy anying else . 
  these are still considered active accounts . 
  most of the pc games these days require activation through steam , so even if you do n't care about steam and you do n't intend to ever buy anything on steam , you 're still counted as an active account because you have to register and play the game you bought in your local store through steam . 
  whoever thinks that his new shiny game to release on steam will get to experience the potential audience of 135 million customers is a fucking idiot . 
  i think the realistic estimates of the publishers who know the market must be around the 10 million mark ( or potential customers ) . 
  which is still great and if the game fits the pc platform ( genre , control scheme , visuals config , peripheral support etc. 
  ) , it 's easily capable of matching xbone or ps4 sales ( as we 've seen in the past ) . 
   the top 1 % are responsible for 33 % of a randomly chosen game 's revenue, 
  that is not true , if fact it goes completely out of the window as there are vast discounts / sales that skew this . 
  most of the `` game collector '' accounts get games in sales and/or in large numbers ( `` franchise sale '' etc. ) . 
  i would completely disregard the top 1 % from any of this . 
  of course , but to a much lower degree . 
   i do n't know why people are down voting that comment . 
  maybe because it 's an incredibly rare immune system reaction ( 2.6 to 6.1 cases per million people per year ) ... 
   talking about buying this online without a prescription, 
  ... and it has nothing to do with the drug being prescribed or not . 
  there is no doctor on the planet earth that can protect you from it . 
  just watch out for any signs of rash and start with low doses , not much else you can do . 
  from wiki :, 
   between 100 and 200 different drugs may be associated with sjs . 
  no reliable test exists to establish a link between a particular drug and sjs for an individual case . 
  producer at dice la, 
   most probably, 
  hehe , i see the frostbite rabbit hole is most probably quite deep :p, 
   this launcher is going to either be overpowered spam in a can , or underpowered as a party cannon . 
  i prefer the latter . 
  which is sadly the truth behind many of the game 's gadgets . 
  the marketing needs higher numbers to put on a box , so the team puts a ton of gadgets in the game , but of course they are implemented in a way that is far from ideal simply because there 's so many of them and the community progressively agrees more and more that they ruin gameplay and so they 're progressively more and more nerfed to the point of irrelevance . 
  the story of bf4 . 
  these things truly show the perverse nature of the abuse of the moderation system that reddit is using . 
  wikipedia is pretty bad at this , but it 's nothing compared to reddit . 
  what was originally meant to help the mods with dealing with stuff like * spam and trolls * is now being used to filter out * ideas and opinions * and create echo chambers . 
  all this outside of the site 's voting system , which is what should be the filter , not the mod 's opinion and silly block lists based on politics . 
  the biggest problem with the way they filter content is that larger communities usually have no idea it happens !, 
  there 's no easy way to check what has been deleted ( i.e. 
  `` deleted '' tab , for example ) . 
  go to r/games or r/offmychest or similar ( basically any larger sub with power tripping mods ) and the `` regular '' posters have no idea that it happens at all , let alone the scale at which it happens . 
  once a mod with an agenda infiltrates given sub , it can be in his/her complete control for years as there is no way for regular users to overthrow an abusive mod . 
  when the sub has been infitrated , it 's relatively easy to add new mods with the same world view and before you know it , you have a mod team capable of totally shutting down huge range of topics and ideas . 
  people do n't call these things `` subreddit cancer '' for nothing ... 
  dat camera ... o_o, 
  i do n't understand . 
  is n't his twitch in sub-only mode ? 
  it was always extremely mellow . 
  also , i 've seen him ban people on the spot `` i do n't need your money '' style for far less than transphobic comments . 
  next , his youtube channel has comments turned off ... soooo , which comment section are we talking about ? 
  i 'm at work atm , ca n't really listen to the soundcloud right now , somebody please explain . 
  ohhhh boy :d there is going to be a subreddit purge , is n't it :p, 
  iirc she was on before , no ? 
  why these comments now and not before ? 
  something 's fucky . 
   op gave himself a pretty edgy name . 
  yep , i did ( it for the lulz ) . 
   i 'm sure on the live server that 's not his name . 
  yep , it is not . 
   no point to ask though , i 'll respect his wish for anonymity . 
  thanks . 
  it 's more of an over the top privacy preference than anything else . 
  i do n't want any of my game accounts associated with my main reddit account ( i do this in battlefield and other games i play too . 
  ) , even though in this case it would n't be a big deal . 
   but until we, 
  or , you know , we could read the damn op . 
  `` that 's exactly what the er doctor diagnosed him with . '', 
  and then they would kick him out . 
  it does n't work as well as it used to thanks to the bb accuracy buff . 
  i would n't try that anymore :p and the same goes for point blank suicide runs with destroyers , it 's much harder now to not get blown out of the water . 
  ( which is good , as it 's been quite silly previously . ),
