  more platforming , more poison , more corrosion . 
  lovely . 
  seriously , people ( and especially reviewers ) need to stop mixing up difficult games and frustrating games . 
   scale well on average pcs, 
  do n't get your hopes up if you have a gpu from amd . 
  different target demographic . 
  shadow of mordor is a direct competition , far cry is not . 
  there 's also the pre-sequel being released in october . 
  because it 's true ? 
  there 's a 25-page thread with the title `` ati/amd low fps '' on the wmd forums . 
  there are some recent developer posts in that thread and there 's hope that they 'll manage to improve it by ~ 20 % , but it 's not guaranteed . 
  ( note : this does not apply to consoles as they have their own apis and means of optimization . ), 
  sms are not a huge studio and they have to prioritize , it 's nothing malicious . 
  the game is pretty much the new standard for hardcore sims , so i 'd still buy it twice without thinking about a few lost frames ( if i were n't a backer already :p ) , but if there 's someone who plans a serious upgrade or a full on oculus-ready system just to play project cars , they should know that - at least on windows - its renderer works flat out better with nvidia cards . 
  project cars is , in its core , a pure sim ( i.e. 
  like assetto corsa , rfactor , iracing , lfs ) . 
  even though there are many cars ( over 100 licensed cars ) and an expansive career , it 's definitely not a `` collector type game '' like gran turismo . 
  there are ( very ) detailed setups , but there 's no `` tuning '' . 
  you ca n't really compare it with the crew in any way other than that they 're both racing games ... it would be like comparing arma with call of duty . 
  so what 's the game about ? 
  the whole game is built around driving and racing , the fluff is secondary . 
  it has one of the most advanced physics engines ever built and every car drives , feels and sounds different ( speaking of sound - there are no games i know of that have better engine sounds than project cars has ) . 
  there 's everything you can reasonably expect from a racing simulator : tons of tracks ( 50 + , some of which are laser scanned ) , dynamic weather , time of day and time of year systems , multiple tire compounds , tire wear , tire deformation , fuel management , pit stops , realistic damage model , 24h races with driver switching , full racing weekends , leagues . . etc. 
  the multiplayer is very robust and feels like a core feature of the game ( instead on an afterthought ) . 
   you ca n't survive by making aaa games for just pc, 
   i ca n't blame them for that . 
  depends on your definition of what an aaa game is . 
  but sure , it 's always better to go multiplatform if you have a huge budget . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  what is wrong is that they bent the crysis formula so much that it was n't crysis anymore . 
  they changed the core gameplay mechanics to suit the new target platforms more and the result was not only an arguably worse game ( by any metric ) , but also a game that even though called crysis , was n't crysis . 
  btw please someone correct me if i 'm wrong , but is n't the first crysis ( and warhead ) by far the most financially successful crysis title to date ? 
  since they finished crysis , they just went with the flow of the game industry ( largely influenced by a few big hits ) instead of making their own way ( first consoles , now free to play ) and it will cost them the company . 
  the only thing that can keep them afloat right now is probably their engine , but that seems to breaking apart too ( see the recent cryengine team departures ) . 
  i see their actions and i applaud . 
  sometimes lines need to be drawn , civilians or not . 
  99 % of the casualties in the hiroshima and nagasaki bombings were just innocent civilians , but as anyone with half a brain knows , you ca n't look at enemy civilians at the state of war . 
  that 's not how war works . 
  i 'm no student and no jew , the only thing you need to have a pro-israeli view is to hate snackbarists . 
  no propaganda and no conspiracy needed . 
  i hate terrorists and their silly religions . 
  fuck them . 
  fuck them with their whole families for all i care . 
  yeah , you mean those that everyone keeps in mind all the time ... like when nato bombed the shit out of yugoslavia ( 2,300 missiles and 14,000 bombs ) during the kosovo war . 
  nato destroyed 300 schools , libraries , and over 20 hospitals . 
  at least 40,000 homes were either completely eliminated or damaged . 
  that 's nato . 
  the policeman of the western world . 
  now when israel just aggressively defends itself , everyone is up in arms . 
  double standards ? 
  thanks, 
  my point is that shit happens , double standards exist and everything is just a matter of point of view , not what 's `` right '' or `` wrong '' . 
  black and white view of the world is for children and naive people . 
   i do n't want to have anything to do with a country that thinks killing women and children is a means to an end . 
  and i do n't want to have anything to do with a country that supports terrorism and religion with medieval practices . 
  ^ now ^ that ^ was ^ an ^ easy ^ one . 
  thanks . 
  since when is `` muslim '' a race ? 
  haha . 
  i laughed , thanks for that . 
  no , it does not stand . 
  you can choose to not be a < insert religion of choice  , you ca n't choose to not be afro-american ( for example ) . 
  jew = race . 
  muslim = religion . 
  come at me bro . 
  i do n't like any religion . 
  hate only a few . 
  you 're born jew . 
  you choose to be a muslim . 
  try again . 
   because no one actually cares about the palestinians . 
  is that bad ? 
  no , it 's not . 
  whoa , cool ... this is like the first post that is * both * of the following :, 
  * not anti-israel, 
  * not downvoted into oblivion, 
  the anti-zionist army must be sleeping or something . 
  nuke the entire site from orbit . 
  it 's the only way to be sure . 
  community at large ? 
  sure . 
  but a small portion of hardcore fans ( many of which are former ut pro-players or modders ) can and will improve the game by giving high quality feedback and constructive criticism - look at cte for bf4 , it has made the game so much better in so many ways . 
  there is no udk . 
  full ue4 engine with compete source code access is what you get when you subscribe . 
  it 's exactly the same engine epic uses for fortnite and their other projects . 
  screen space reflections ( although in this image , cubemap would look the same ) . 
  afaik nobody uses full blown real-time reflections since that would require raytracing . 
  it does , but it 's not being actively developed anymore and is there purely for preexisting projects . 
  wat ... your posts make me laugh , you do n't even know what racism is, 
  islamic extremists are stretching the limits of what it means to be human ( e ) . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , they 're scum of the earth that needs to be wiped ... they do n't deserve any better . 
  fuck yeah i 'm excited !!, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/s-500_ ( missile ), 
  it 's a pissing contest . 
  needless to say , if it ever came to the nuclear war scenario , you can rest assured that both sides would fire what they possibly could and the destruction would probably be absolute on both sides . 
  but it needs to be said that russia is huge and a high percentage if its vast nuclear arsenal is constantly on the move and not in silos . 
  moba seems unlikely . 
  maybe a card game ? 
  oh come on , now you 're being unfair . . it was hardly 0 !, 
  `` armour '',
