  btw russian t5 + ap is like crack . 
  kirov 's 180mm at t5 is pretty bonkers , but the real fun begins at t6 + , 950 m/s initial shell velocity & flat arc = great experience . 
  compare that to the cleveland 's cancerous 760 m/s initial speed and silly arc . 
  i actually got one of my friends into the game a while back and he started to grind the us cruiser line . 
  got frustrated by cleveland ( could n't hit shit ) and left the game for a while , when he returned , he ditched the cleveland and tried the japanese cruisers ... apparently it almost felt like a different game . 
  people with hundreds or thousands of games under their belt tend to forget that shell travel time is a huge deal for a beginner . 
  this is exactly the kind of reply i was expecting ( if there was going to be one ) . 
  defensive reasoning of why wg may have done what they did . 
  here 's the bottom line : i do n't care and i should n't care . 
   if you have played any public test games on, 
  irrelevant . 
   pt for wot, 
  yes , now we 're getting somewhere , let 's talk about world of tanks . 
  lol, 
   you would have noticed a dearth of games in the low tiers , but loads of games in t8 and up, 
  yes , everyone wants to try the ships they 'd have to grind otherwise as there 's no way to try a ship in the game . 
   if that 's not the reason for their making t9 and t10 ships extremely hard to get , what is ? 
  now tell me how anything you said has anything to do with what i complained about . 
  do i have to quote the pt announcement article again ? 
   no one is forcing you to play the test server, 
  yes , no one if feeding me bullshit and no one is wasting my time . 
  maybe you 'll come to the realization that you value your time when you grow up . 
   not sure why you think it to be abusive . 
  if i was going to go your off topic route , i 'd have to start with describing the entire wg bussiness model and the way they extract money out of players by using abusive psychological payment schemes ( bonus points : elements of which - like the premium smoke - are pretty much pay to win ) ... but i 'm not going to , since the pt annoucement article with the german bb deceptive language and no mention of t9-10 lockout ( not only that , they wrote `` research prices of tier vi + ships are significantly lowered , so that players can easily reach the top tiers in just a few battles . '' ), 
  is enough . 
   past experience is relevant for understanding wg 's actions regarding the test server . 
  this includes experience with wot regarding what tiers the population is playing . 
  it 's irrelevant to my op you were responding to . 
  i do n't understand what you 're trying to say here ? 
  only an idiot would not see why they 'd want to limit the test to certain tiers , but that is not the issue here for fuck sake . 
   if you do n't understand what `` public test server '' means , well . . go back to your cod or hello kitty online . 
  i most likely a ) played more wows pts than you did , b ) played the game itself longer than you , c ) am way older than you . 
  and honestly only a kiddie could write `` go back to cod '' unironically . 
  this is exactly the kind of shit teenagers write on gaming forums . 
  my issue : deceptive language , lack of information . 
  your response : go back to cod . 
  you gave me a laugh , boy . 
  calling someone a boy after they say `` go back to cod '' is pretty much the most relevant response possible . 
  ( btw i do n't play cod , but i used to play battlefield , so i guess i should go back to that since a i do n't like some of the wg policies and practices , that makes perfect sense . 
  i was blind , but now i see . 
  thank you , kind stranger . 
  oh and have a nice day  . ), 
   not being able to do what he wants, 
  says ... you ? 
  jesus , this is like talking with toddlers . 
  describe the test accurately and there is no issue . 
  that did n't happen ( which is a fact that i 've provided proof of ) . 
  get it ? 
  or am i going to get educated for the nth time on the topic of why wg may have done x. 
   on a test server that wg sets up for their own testing benefit, 
  you just completely ( and probably intentionally ) fail to understand that no test would be better than a badly described one . 
  you act as if wg provided some kind of a free service to me when in reality the only thing it did was to waste my time . 
  pt clients are huge ( long download , making space ) and installs are long . 
  i do n't need to come home from work only to finally get logged into the pt and realize that it 's nowhere near what the annoucement post described . 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  that 's the entirety of my op . 
  the post had like -9 before there were any edits . 
  it complained about the pt annoucement post which has wrong ingormation in it . 
  it misrepresented the test and logically , failed my expectations based on that . 
  there was nothing to disagree with , unless you disagree with facts . 
  umm yes ? 
  why would i quote the article in the op ? 
  the op tl ; dr is `` i tried this and it 's not what they said it 's going to be , they said this and this here , see ? 
  i 'm pissed '' . 
  let me explain :, 
   atlanta = us . 
   putin !, 
  great leader !, 
  must crush imperialist !, 
  ! 111 launch the nukes , ride the bears , kill the hostages , nerf atlanta . 
  simple . 
  t9-10 is not even in the pt anymore . 
  it 's a money sink for dummies , reasonable people realized long time ago what kind of is wg trying to play here . 
  hmm , the swimming thingy looks awesome . 
  btw this is a bit ot , but the remind me bot just messaged me about [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/cynicalbrit/comments/4nio9f/tb_opened_an_official_subreddit/d44m5rb ) ... nice to see the sub is alive and well even after 60 days, 
   fdg and gk seem absolutely horrible, 
  do n't you dare question wargaming , the ships are totally fine !, 
  they 're so fine in fact that wg is gon na release them next week w/o any pt test . 
  i mean , it 's ** absolutely not ** about people spending money on free xp conversion before they realize the new ships are crap , no no , it 's all just based on wg 's confidence . 
  trust me . 
  i swear . 
  * i 'd rather test the thing i 'm about to buy before i actually buy it , have you ever bought a car ? 
  not that hard to understand . 
  * wg 's policy of not having pts for new lines of ships is 100 % a profit driven decision . 
  what you 're basically trying to push here is that `` oh the test is not needed it would be 12 german bbs vs 12 german bbs anyways '' which is of course complete nonsense and apologism . 
  * unlike when just a few testers and youtubers have access , pts can provide crucial data , telemetry of the ships performance ( large number of matches and players ) . 
  this is a 100 % accurate description as we 've seen the results of the lack of testing many , many times before . 
  wg either does n't listen to you ( the testers ) or you 're providing poor feedback ( ... and of course we have no way of telling which of these is true because of the ndas ) . 
  [ dunkey 's review ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgfxo3cldnm ) . 
   do flairs have a character limit ? 
  let 's try !, 
  they do . 
  and start having some fun . 
  yep , pretty messed up as this is a much bigger problem than the sse issue . 
  they can just recompile the game so it does n't require sse 4.1 ( more or less ) , but as an indie studio with a custom renderer built only with opengl 4.5 shaders in mind ... there 's no way they can do a opengl 4.3 version . 
  ( which would not be a problem if they listed that requirement . 
  there are radeon 6xxx cards with a higher performance than the radeon 7870 listed in minimum requirements , not to mention crossfire setups . ), 
  having a custom renderer is a double edged sword and especially on the pc it can be a nightmare to properly support a wide range of hw when you have to implement and test everything yourself . 
  look at the only opengl juggernaut and de facto opengl leader , idtech - it runs with opengl 4.3 in the latest title ( doom ) . 
  maximum compatibility .
