  * you do care , but only about the most important stat - winrate . 
  * you play ranked . 
  i do n't know about you but for me , after playing 1.5 k + games since the closed beta , it 's all about a ) having fun , b ) winning and c ) doing a ton of damage . 
  in that order . 
  for me , the c ) only really comes to play in battleships since thats mostly their role , doing a ton of damage and taking a ton of damage themselves ( i 'd actually say that the most rewarding battles are the ones where you get a dreadnought while duking it out with other battleships ) . 
  [ this motherfucker seems quite reflexive ] ( https://youtu.be/zjufiefh1w4?t=37 ) . 
  ( same day btw . ), 
  pffft , kids these days ... 
  i started playing because i like warships . 
  warship fan master race !, 
  i hope this is n't insensitive but why do n't we break their legs ? 
  all i can think about is that with all the firepower in the front i would never have to expose my broadside too much just to use the turret ( s ) in the back ... even though going with 8 330mm guns against 12 356mm guns ( new mexico ) for sure will be the balancing factor . 
  dunno bro , i 'm sure trump could be called many things ... `` have no skill or talent '' is * probably * not one of them . 
  ( and so the joke 's just not that funny - regardless of your political views . ), 
  jeez , hyperbole yes , but you have to base it on some existing trait etc. 
  otherwise it 's not funny . 
  `` have no skill or talent '' is just not something most people associate with billionaires ( or even top politicians ) . 
  i 'm regularly amazed by what kind of pc trash i can read on / r/movies , but this might be one of the best ones because it gets right into the core of the issue . 
  you would think that the r/movies would have people who watch movies . 
  a movie is not a fucking novel , movies regularly use time jumps and let the audience fill in the blanks - hell , some even creatively play with it to keep the audience guessing !, 
  we do n't know what happened between the last scene and the shower scene , but from the amount of shock on her face ( read : none ) after bond `` sneaks up on her '' , we can deduce it . 
  all the talk about her as if she 's a child who does n't know any better and bond takes advantage of her is straight up pc bullshit from the regressive left 101 book . 
  fuck your politics and their cancerous spread over the movie industry . 
  should have ditched their ids and passports and pretend to be syrian refugees . 
  edit : for people downvoting ... this is literally how it happens . 
  if you ditch all your ids they ca n't send you back , there 's no `` back '' to send you to !, 
  you 're an illegal immigrant and will probably be kept in a camp somewhere for a while , but these things have time limits ( in months not years ) and after a while they do n't know what to do with you and just let you go . 
  congrats , you 're now a swede . 
   people are forcing this to happen for the sake of the games, 
  are they ? 
  i mean , just like fifa , the ioc is a [ corrupt organization ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_olympic_committee#controversies ) which does whatever the fuck it wants and gets away with corruption scandals by taking a couple of slaps on the wrist . 
  other than boycotting the games there 's not much the `` people '' ( both the athletes and the spectators ) can do . 
  these `` non profits '' have so much power that going against them is either a career suicide or an exercise in futility , probably both . 
  just look at [ qatar 2022 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_2022_fifa_world_cup_controversies ) . 
  everyone knows the kind of shit that happens to the ~ ~ slaves ~ ~ workers there , everyone knows fifa is corrupt as fuck and does n't give a single fuck ... but what can we do about it ? 
  nothing . 
  we can just watch or not watch . 
  i 'm sure if there was some kind of democratic vote by large group of professionals in these fields ( soccer , athletics ... ) there would be no games in rio and there would be no world cup in qatar . 
  so , `` people are forcing this to happen for the sake of the games '' is not really fair , unless you mean a few dozen of corrupt bastards in the ioc ( i think it has like 100 board members/seats so it 's enough to bribe like 20 of them and you 're in control ) . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/apr/11/british-muslims-strong-sense-of-belonging-poll-homosexuality-sharia-law ( mind you , this is the guardian , pretty much a leftist bastion ... hard to accuse them of muslim hating ) . 
  tl ; dr : 23 % of uk muslims want sharia law . 
  https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/sharia_law#the_penalty_for_apostasy = death ( which is what you asked about ) . 
  btw homosexuality under sharia = also death . 
  i 'm sure you can read up on that topic . 
  also , on top of the 23 % , more than half think that homosexuality should be at least illegal . 
  mind you , this is the uk we 're talking about here , these should be the most moderate muslims . 
  in the actual muslim countries ( not all of them but many of them ) , these things are deeply embedded in their culture and even laws and go from 23 % into large majority numbers . 
   the last thing batman v superman needed was more content . 
  yep , i liked the extended edition a bit more than the original , but not by much . 
  it was n't really different , there was just more fluff crammed in while the crucial story elements remained the same ( like the other person said , they pretty much meet just one time before the fight etc. ) . 
  ideally ( and unrealistically ) , the whole thing needed to get dismantled , recut and generally refocused . 
  i 'm not one of the snyder haters , so i do n't really understand how someone who manages to handle watchmen fucks up bvs this much ( especially after mos , which was - at the very least - a 100 % functional film ) . 
  what are you , 12 ? 
  the only dummy bringing race into this are you . 
  ps : crying about racism is so old , it 's < current_year  now , you should find something new and more effective . 
  sjwisms of the yesteryear do n't work on me . 
  the problem is not rng ( dispersion ) , the problem is overpens . 
  overpens should obviously happen , but the current t8-10 balance ( as far as bbs vs cruisers go ) went a bit too far imo . 
  under 10 km broadsides should be either lethal or extremely damaging ... but due to overpens , they often are n't . 
  it did n't use to be this way btw , it appears to me that the way cruiser armor and bb projectiles evolved just set up overpens as very prominent ( comparatively ) . 
  all this makes a bit more room for bad or average players who can now eat a couple of broadsides ( with a bit of dispersion luck ) while a skilled player angling his ship will not get overpenned , because the projectile went in through the bow or stern ( good luck with overpenning that ) . 
  it 's subtle , but noticeable , especially for players who play the game for a long time . 
  source : 1000 + games in bbs . 
  excuse my french , but where the fuck are the german bbs ? 
  an annual karma harvest . 
  comment type # 8 : dick pics, 
  comment type # 10 : the comment about the comment that got gold for no reason, 
   if you start buying ships out of the store before you can even fly the things you 're just donating to the creator . 
  i feel like this point needs to be emphasized as a lot of people seem to gloss over it . 
  you know how all these kickstarter projects also have $ 5k or $ 10k tiers offering you a dinner with the ceo or something like that ? 
  it 's pretty much the same thing , it 's a pledge tier for people with deep pockets ... but that 's all it is , it 's not an investment and it 's not pay to win . 
  speaking of buy to win and offering ships with/in addition to game packages ... people need to realize that a ) the game is a dogfighting sim first , mmo second and b ) we know nothing about the final game 's economy . 
  so saying that buying an idris ( for example ) is pay to win is just wrong as a ) having an idris will not help you and you could get easily ganked by a squad of `` cheap '' mustangs ( remember , it 's a dogfighting game , maneuverability plays a big role ) and b ) while we know nothing about the game 's economic balance , we do have some hints and notes from the dev posts and streams and it appears that the game will lean heavily on the concept of a ship being a ( valuable ) commodity rather than something you 'll stick with for a long time . 
  besides , as far as the ships go , from day one to this day cig has claimed that they will not sell any ships post launch . 
  if that 's indeed the case , there 's literally no reason for the pledge ships to be p2w - cig will already have all your money and making the ships p2w would only detract new players from buying the released game . 
  there 's just no monetary benefit in that . 
  full disclosure : i still follow the monthly progress reports , but i sold my $ 250 game package from the original campaign on the grey market about a year ago . 
  i cashed out because a ) i saw that it would take several more years to finish than i originally thought and b ) the game did n't really need my pledge anymore . 
  the equivalent of the ceo dinner here is the ship ( s ) and/or other perks being attached to your game account . 
  these get attached to your account as soon as you buy the package ( s ) . 
  for all intents and purposes , the act of attaching these items to your account ( or sending them to you in case of physical items ) is the `` dinner with the ceo '' . 
  the actual thing may be a shitty dinner that will get you food poisoning and a ceo ignoring you for half an hour ... but that 's the risk of buying a pig in a poke . 
  i mean ... as with any pledge of this kind and especially when supporting game projects ( which are notorious for going over time or budget and even not getting released at all ) , the `` time of delivery '' here is an estimate ( kickstarter even says `` estimated delivery '' ) . 
  not to mention that you 're buying in so early that you really have no way of knowing what the ships etc. 
  are going to be like or what actually `` 20000 credits '' means , so the only logical reason for you to support the game with $ 5k instead of $ 250 is that you have the spare cash and want to support the development of the game . 
  happy cake day i guess ? 
  btw this was removed from / r/wtf `` cuz gore '' lol, 
  we 've recently talked about over-penetrations here ( i think it was in an iowa gif post ) and that was the first thing i remebered when i saw [ 6:02 ] ( https://youtu.be/j2phm7m91jc?t=362 ) . 
  look at that shit , t6 vs t7 bb . 
  full broad side from 7km , 5 over-penetrations , 1 penetration ... 5k damage . 
  that cleveland should have been so dead . 
  this shit is getting ridiculous . 
  the bb meta is now basically `` survive as long as you can while lobbing enough shells at mid to long range that some of them stick '' . 
   emergent gameplay is when the game 's systems interact in unexpected ways . 
  not really , i mean it could be just that in some examples , but it 's a subset of the general idea which is that simple mechanics interact to form complex situations . 
  it does n't have to be `` unexpected '' ( which implies design by accident ) , game systems , elements of simulation and gameplay mechanics can be deliberately designed in such a way that they encourage emergent gameplay . 
  the designers of far cry 3 surely were n't surprised when the players used bait to lure predators into camps and cleaning them in such a way ... but it is an example of emergent gameplay , simple mechanics interact to form complex situations . 
  18:18 lmao, 
  just watch your broadside , do n't overextend and you 'll be fine . 
  the russian cruiser line is actully pretty good for a beginner thanks to the flat arcs and high initial velocities .
