  yeah , more like welcome to people getting fed up with the same type of guest over and over . 
  take an la based entertainer with leftie views , repeat ad nauseam . 
  btw i have n't watched more than 10 minutes yet , so i 'm not gon na say the podcast sucks - it may be great - but the beginning certaily fits the mold . 
  i see the nu-males are out in force today . 
  edit : oh i 'm sorry , i did assume your gender , did n't i. 
  someone send this to tom segura . 
  epic has been working on their brand new audio system for quite some time ( year + ) and i guess the steam audio library arrived juust in time for them to integrate it and push it into 4.16 together ( if you look [ here ] ( https://forums.unrealengine.com/showthread.php?142071-unreal-engine-4-16-preview&amp;p=700259&amp;viewfull=1#post700259 ) the integration is still kinda wip ) , so ... pretty much no one could have integrated the steam audio faster ( at least from the big guys ) . 
  also we 're talking about zenimax here , it 's not a stretch . 
  penis . 
  this is one of those games ( evolve comes to mind ) where noobs have an `` absolute blast '' playing the beta and then the game dies within a month of release because it 's not that great . 
  this game should have gone through the same as doom . 
  scrap the whole thing , start from scratch . 
  hype levels off the charts !, 
  i definitely would n't say no to a weekend with 60fps ( + ? ), 
  what nfs needs the most is one thing : decent physics . 
  start with that . 
  no more super arcadey boat simulator . 
  copy forza horizon if you have to . 
   a racing sim go play a racing sim, 
  i do indeed play racing sims from time to time ( e.g. 
  assetto corsa ) , but i fail to see what they have to do with forza horizon and the likes . 
  there 's a huge gulf between a racing sim ( most of the decent ones * require * a wheel to be enjoyable ) and a game like forza . 
  most people call the forza and gran turismo series `` simcades '' for a reason . 
  and forza horizon is even easier to play on a gamepad than those two series . 
  my point is that if i 'm going to play a racing game where you 're racing in a * car * as opposed to , i do n't know , a * boat * or a * hovercraft * , i expect certain behavior . 
  it can be `` dumbed down '' for a gamepad but it has to be there . 
  nfs does n't have that for quite some time . 
  this is what feminism does to children . 
  my aging low persistence benq will get a proper workout again !, 
  a male feminist . 
   one of the best games i 've played in the last 10-20 years . 
  i got bored by it after half an hour and refunded it . 
  funny how that works :p ... no , but seriously , i wish platinum did more games like vanquish and less games like < insert any platinum spectacle fighter , 
   i think you just like shooting more . 
  yeah no kidding ... 
  quake 2 psx soundtrack is still * the * shit . 
  i load it up every once in a while when needing a quick motivation boost , works every damn time !, 
  i 'm just having fun reading youtube comments , like this one with 222 upvotes :, 
   i 've said it before and i 'll say it again . 
  ariel helwani is a genuine fucking piece of shit . 
  a fucking turd nugget with a hook nose who does tmz style tabloid `` journalism '' , has no integrity and a fucking scumbag . 
  glad frankie briefly called him out on it . 
  and then to ask him `` how it felt that nick 's kid died prior to the fight '' is extremely telling of how low this scum-bag will go for a couple internet hits . 
  i genuinely hope terrible things happen to this fucking crocodile tear shedding spoiled cunt . 
  and you ruined jj 's fucking moment and made her cry you fucking mook . 
  ariel needs to go ... 
  does it still run on a bastardized version of ue3 or did they finally upgrade to ue4 ? 
  what a load of horse shit . 
  i mean it 's nice to see devs handing this issue in the case of battlegrounds , but it should not even be an issue in the first place . 
  games like battlefield handle this for ages simply by confirming the hits server side and refusing to confirm hits if the latency is higher than x , the player with the crappy connection ( or a `` lag switch '' ) then gets dusting instead of hits . 
  like they own the country while simultaneously considering themselves turkish , not german ( well at least most of them ) . 
  yea , exactly . 
  the gamebryo engine is notorious for being incapable of handling a lot of npcs/skinned meshes at the same time ( since like ... forever , all the way up to fallout 4 ) . 
  bethesda managed to ( somewhat ) update the renderer , but the core engine features ( and limitations ) remain the same . 
  you will * never * see a large battle in a game built on gamebryo as pretty much all modern engines capable of such scenes rely heavily on instancing ( skinned/static/material ) , draw call batching , automatic lod generation and all these aggressive optimizations . 
  a modern engine can handle 10k characters on the screen with different meshes * and * different animations . 
  gamebryo has great support for content modding . 
  you can thank the leftist degenerates for reporting him . 
  activision , you just lost $ 60 ( or more ) . 
  let 's recap :, 
  * p2p mmos do n't exist . 
  if it calls itself an mmo while being p2p , someone is bullshitting you . 
  if it 's p2p it simply does n't need any of the baggage that comes with mmos . 
  * strike one . 
  * p2p multiplayer is always full of cheaters . 
  the one basic rule of multiplayer games is that the p2p ones are always hackable . 
  no exceptions . 
  * strike two . 
  * p2p multiplayer offers a ** terrible ** experience . 
  almost all p2p based games have issues with latency , nat traversal , host migration and connection problems in general . 
  all this on top of the netcode issues the title in question may suffer from . 
  want to see the latest example ? 
  try me : a 's multiplayer . 
  * strike three . 
  bungie can stick this kind of destiny up its ass . 
  just as me : a was . 
   the game will sell only a fraction of copies on pc so why would they spend the extra money hosting servers ? 
  well with that attitude , it sure as shit will . 
  on pc , dedicated servers are a pre-requisite , not an option . 
  even if only because of the cheaters . 
  do n't have dedicated servers ? 
  do n't sell the game . 
  they 're not idiots , they know . 
  the problem is that destiny is a console game and on consoles p2p is not an issue as far as hacking goes . 
  the poor suckers who will buy it on pc will complain and bitch and moan , but nothing will change as it 's simply impossible to prevent hacking on an open platform like pc if you do n't use the server-authoritative mp model ( i.e. 
  dedicated servers ) . 
  for activision , the pc version is just a simple way to make a quick buck on the side . 
   and while i have watched foch for a while , that chrysler review was complete rubbish . 
  it was 2 minutes of f -- k wg and 2 minutes of f -- k this tank . 
   yes , i know his stream is vulgar , however there was 1 % content and 99 % swearing . 
  that his cc was pulled over it is fantastically unsurprising . 
  fuck anyone supporting dmca abuse . 
  spineless shills . 
  i 'll enjoy what 's coming on [ monday ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmvwits7dvg ) greatly . 
  the fact that this is getting more coverage warms my cold heart . 
  wg needs to be put in its place . 
  in the eyes of leftist cancer anyone who happens to align with the opinions of a lot of people is now `` a populist '' . 
  lol , fuck right off to north korea if you do n't like democracy and appealing * to the people * . 
  checkmate round-earthers . 
  man , i really like what patreon is doing to these kinds of small/fan productions .
