  the u.s. annual deficit is 648 billion ( 2014 ) . 
  without context , that number means shit . 
  not to be a dick , but camera mods are definitely cheating . 
  you 're overriding the game 's maximum zoom and getting a bigger view of the situation . 
  with the amount of zoom you showed in the video , you do n't even have to turn the camera 180 degrees to see the incoming torpedoes ( from the side that is facing the camera ) !, 
   you could give everyone this camera, 
  you can justify it all you want . 
  is it in the game options ? 
  it 's not . 
  does it give you an advantage ? 
  it does . 
  ( unlike the visual mods , which are purely about preference . ), 
   unlikely make them better at dodging torpedoes, 
  that 's not the point at all . 
  the point is , as i clearly stated , that you can see the incoming torpedoes without turning the camera at them , which means you can be dodging torpedoes while still having the camera pointed at your opponents . 
  meh , south carolina is one of the worst ships in the game . 
  so there 's that . 
  randomness gets better and you 'll learn to mitigate its effects to a large degree by picking your distance and angle . 
  i play u.s. battleships almost exclusively while having a 2.4 k/d , 59.4 % win rate and 1125 avg xp . 
   should i forget battleships once i unlock carriers ? 
  what kind of question is that ? 
  carrier gameplay is completely different and more like a rts game . 
  and a boring one at that . 
  you act like take away your toys . 
  you are a `` random guy on the internet '' to me , same as i am to you . 
  i 'm too lazy to search for an official wargaming statement on the issue that are the camera mods , but if they allow it , do whatever you want . 
  i 'm just stating what i 'm seeing and basing my opinion on close to a 1000 battles in cbt/obt and about a half of those played in battleships . 
  now that i 'm thinking about this , is n't one of the advantages of the bb spotting plane that your artillery camera angle and height changes significantly , allowing you to fire more effectively at long distances than without it ? 
  i 'm not saying that your camera mod has anywhere near the comparable advantage , but it 's a camera mod nevertheless ... and , what i 'm getting at , is that one of the game mechanics is literally a `` camera mod '' . 
  give it time , it will grow on you . 
  also , upgrade the hull ( decreased rudder shift time it gives you is a huge help ) and the range of the guns as soon as you can ( screw the engine power upgrade ) . 
  turn off `` track the selected target '' in the options if you did n't do so already . 
  shoot at the center of the enemy ship ( try to aim closer to the superstructure than to the water line ) , ideally about 10 km away ( being too close , say 5 km , is often worse for you ) , and if you can , fire everything at once , shotgun style . 
  hitting them broadside is the key . 
  not every salvo hits home , but i dare to say about every 3 or so salvos i get a citadel penetration , which often results in a dead cruiser or damaged battleship . 
  as for the comparison with south carolina ... there is no comparison . 
  south carolina has terrible armor for a battleship . 
  i honestly got similar feelings of ( not ) being a tank as in the st. louis ( btw they even have similar amount of hp ) . 
  your guns are higher caliber , but the overall dps potential is just silly compared to st. louis . 
  and you do n't even have aa ( well ... you do have some after a hull upgrade , but they 're rated 3/100 and wont shoot down shit ) !, 
  you may have had a good experience in the south carolina , but for me , it was a flat out downgrade from st. louis in every way . 
  no no no , you do n't understand . 
  let 's not be unfair . 
  it 's not rape every time . 
  you just have to have prior consent , ideally in writing , use an alcohol meter to make sure she 's not drunk and watch out for odd behavior to make sure she 's not drugged . 
  then you 're good to go !, 
  well , unless she later on decides that sleeping with you was a mistake , then it 's rape . 
  please do n't rape women . 
  yes sometimes means no , respect that . 
  are n't you supposed to lay people down , elevate their feet and apply pressure to the wound ? 
  the fuck were they doing ... also those cops just casually grabbing him and walking away with him like he was ok ... so , yeah , i guess this truly is a / r/wtf material, 
   chicken nuggets, 
  lol , no . 
   what do they do with the animals once they go through one of these machines ? 
  what with the bones and what not still in there , i would think they would n't be good for human food . 
  dog food ? 
   she should be fined or something , possibly murdered, 
  mediocre !, 
   it 's less an organization issue and more these people know their arguments are complete and total bullshit and know they 'll be thoroughly humiliated, 
  well , of course . 
  all our attempts to have a debate have failed because the other side has nothing to say , as in nothing that could be seen as a sound argument by an independent party . 
  the only thing they can do is point fingers , shame and try to slowly infiltrate the academia to poison young , impressionable people with their agenda . 
  damn ... 
  i feel like a tin foil hat conspiracy theorist just thinking about it . 
  but what can i do ? 
  it 's true , anyone can verify this by just looking around , all the facts are out there , all the clues are being displayed . 
  why are more and more stand up comedians ignoring universities and when some of them speak about `` why '' , they 're attacked ? 
  all the digra fiascos ? 
  if i had time and would not be lazy , i could go on and list hundreds of cases of extreme bias aligned with sjw and pc agenda that i 've seen since the gamergate hashtag opened my eyes . 
  i wo n't , but i 'll add that you know you 're in ** deep , deep shit ** when you fire a 72 year old nobel prize winner ( and a father of 2 daughters ) over a silly remark just because a sjw lynch mob tells you to . 
  in before someone says `` play classic or hardcore '' . 
  i 'd like to play bf4 as it is , just without the 3d spotting ( while you can still see the doritos on the minimap ) and maybe squad leader spawn only . 
  the official setup has by far the most people playing it and as far as i 'm concerned , it 's the mode bf4 is balanced for and has gadgets for . 
  i do n't want discarding mags ,, 
  i do n't want friendly fire ,, 
  i do n't want health that does n't regenerate ,, 
  i do n't want quick ttk . 
  i like health regen because it fits into the game . 
  most of the maps are really big and running around with 12hp is just annoying . 
  yeah , teamplay and all that , but i 'm talking about my game experience here , not some ideal situation that happens rarely in reality . 
  what happens most of the time in classic is that you will get killed by one random bullet way before you find a medic willing to drop a medbag . 
  bf4 is an arcade shooter , not a mil sim . 
  the respawn mechanic is built around that . 
  your life is basically worthless , so are you going to be running around like a headless chicken trying to find a medbag or will you go into battle with 12hp , get killed and respawn 20 seconds later with full hp ? 
  yeah , i think the answer is clear . 
  i do want to have some reasonably high skill ceiling , but not having ( slowly ! ), 
  regenerating health ( only in conquest , i do n't like it in tdm/domination ) is just annoying ... it has very little actual value given the arcade style of play bf4 provides . 
   not sucking off the government 's tit like people in here assume, 
  that was so edgy ... 
  i almost cut myself . 
  he , hehe , cut myself * giggles *, 
  salt . 
  mountains of it . 
  fuck the people writing useless trash like `` comments suck '' and `` itt : children '' and fuck the people upvoting them even more . 
  if you do n't have something interesting to say , shut the fuck up . 
  maybe reddit finally reached the tipping point , the critical mass of `` too many dummies in one place '' and it 's only downhill from here . 
  seems like it . 
  no , it just means you 're an idiot who ca n't think for himself/herself and needs to be told and reminded what to think . 
  at this point , whoever uses that in a general internet discussion must be either trolling , have an agenda or be a complete idiot . 
  that word lost all its meaning by being used in pretty much any internet argument involving women over like the past 5 years .
