  star wars is a shitty series of poorly written fairy tales . 
  saying that it had a huge impact on your life is like saying that pizza had a huge impact on your life . 
  it may be true , but i would n't brag about it . 
  see us top gear for reference . 
  world of warships - bathtub mode https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tynro5v5rsg, 
  wake me up when there 's a 60fps version on a console and i 'll buy that console just for the souls game . 
  until then , i do n't give a single shit . 
  i would rather not play anything at all than to be forced to play at 20-30fps . 
  let me guess , he likes it ? 
  this is # 1 reason i unsubbed his channel like a year ago , everything he plays is great . 
  very little criticsm . 
  all of which comes from the way too good relationships with the publishers . 
  remember , this is a channel that ( among other things ) pushed evolve . 
  every new big game is `` fun to play '' ( only for you to learn in a few months in an unrelated video that it was - in fact - quite flawed ) . 
  to be honest , i ca n't take any of these multiplayer shooter channels seriously ( jackfrags , levelcap , matimio , etc. ), 
  as they seem to exchange positive coverage for exclusive access ( all these events they keep talking about ) . 
  at least in the case of ea it 's always in the open - they have a bonus ad revenue program for these things ( called ea ronku ) and such content is clearly labeled . 
  well , garden warfare 2 is their new sponsored game . 
  just search for `` ea ronku '' on youtube and filter the results so it displays just the last month ... 
  when you played supcom 2 the last time ? 
  with all the patches it 's pretty damn good . 
  maybe not as good as the first one , but still worth playing . 
  the mp is also fun ( and still alive ) . 
  one thing is for sure , it 's a better game than most of the recent rts games , especially if you 're not a fan of micro ( things like grey goo , act of aggression or even ashes are atrocious in comparison ) . 
   i just have one question . 
  is this the supreme commander sequel we 've been hoping ? 
   and if not , is it at least better than supcom 2 ? 
  i admit that i did n't play forged alliance in a much longer time than i should ... while playing supcom 2 relatively recently , but can you point out some of the gameplay mechanics that are missing from the new game ? 
  ( maybe except the research of the tech tree , where they clearly decided to go a different way . ), 
  hey , do n't knock them !, 
  they popularized the `` artistic integrity '' phrase ( me3 ending fiasco ) ... which can we now use every time we see some studio policing itself/its employees because some regressive crybaby got offended . 
  livin ' the american dream . 
  tweet dmcad ... lol . 
  not sure if ea really wants to play that game with trump . 
  anyways ... the original video from the tweet is up here : https://t.co/4uwryteer3 , also mirror here : https://vid.me/okvs, 
  the endless stream of csgo trash over the last year or two is getting * really * tiring . 
  i mean , i 'm not saying bf3/bf4 wave of media was something amazingly entertaining , but this is getting ridiculous . 
  the game is old as shit and incredibly boring to watch for anyone who does n't play it ... and even if you do , it 's not as if a lot of unexpected or funny things can happen in a match . 
  it 's the most used game in the competitive scene for a reason . 
  also , people need to shut the fuck up before they get to tier 9-10 , because they have no idea ( the best kind of an idiot is the one who starts to talk about `` do n't go in a straight line '' ... this is not tier 6 , go back to your cave , troll ) . 
  the torp walls change the meta drastically . 
  just one shimakaze can saturate a whole flank route by itself ... not to mention that they have 4 options in term of loadout, 
  so even if you manage to spot him , you ca n't * really * be sure what he can do ( i.e. 
  what his torp range is ) . 
  he can send a torp wall every 150 seconds ( 135 with torpedo armament expertise ) . 
  now consider that a 4 dd match is nothing unusual at tier 9-10 ... 
  the addition of radar solves nothing and provides no counter to the torp walls . 
  the only thing it does is that it annoys gun boat dds ... which were never the problem . 
  my point is that the meta changes from ambush tactics and leveraging smoke ( and stupidity ) to long range saturation of areas by torp walls . 
  not that much fun . 
  1,416 wtr ( http://warships.today/ ) battleship rating ... which is way above average . 
  i get hit by torps all the time . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  my goal is not to not get hit , my goal is to have 80k + damage on average , good luck with that if you 're constantly on the run . 
  except it works ... well , so far . 
  the xortex thingy was pretty awesome !, 
  space pirate trainer also !, 
  so far vive seems to be far more interesting than oculus ( live stream of which was quite underwhelming ) . 
  maybe i 'm just missing your point here ... but the amount of money spent on entertainment & services always has to be taken in context of your overall income . 
  you are probably a deeply troubled individual if you make $ 4k a month and spend half of that on a prostitute . 
  but what if you make $ 40k a month ? 
  what about if you happen to be a multimillionaire ( there 's around 250k such people in the us ) ? 
  it 's all relative . 
  iowa . 
  the one on iowa does n't have a credit boost though . 
  dunno ... 20 % reduction seems significant . 
  btw i 'm sure they will not want to increase it any further as wargaming 's payment model is partially based on the overall net loss of credits on tiers 9-10 that only becomes a net profit if you have premium ( or do really , really well ) . 
  i do n't play wot , but from jingles videos it looks like it 's the same there . 
  yeah that 's nice and all ( and true ) , but what does it have to do with what we 're discussing here ? 
  what is the market price of a high class escort ? 
  and what is the market price of a high class escort * you like * ? 
  what is the market price of a 1957 ferrari 335 ? 
  is $ 32m too much ? 
  you see , we 're not talking about the damn commodity market here ... and pretty much any other thing you can think of can ( and probably does ) have an `` exclusive '' version . 
  only an idiot could say that `` a hooker '' or `` a bootle of wine '' is an indicator specific enough to be indicative of the market value . 
  the ~ 50fps cap is hilarious ( ly bad ) . 
   edit2 : this is just to make sure you all know that you can downvote the ever-living fuck out of me if you wish . 
  i got the plenty to share . 
  ooooh , someone got mad :p, 
  they also sell the ship by itself . 
  dunno what you mean by `` ship with a discount '' as this ship is not normally available . 
  whooops !, 
  :d you 're correct . 
   as for the 970 having such low performance in qb , i honestly doubt it 's because of async . 
  they do say that the volumetric lighting is the feature that tanks the nvidia performance the most . 
   it 's also expected things to be implemented amd 's way considering they do console hardware too . 
  well , like you say , you ca n't really expect too much of gpu platform agnostic performance when both consoles have amd gpus ... let alone in games that were not designed as multiplatform from the get go . 
  imo developers need to stop making their own random engines if their games do not strictly require it ( obviously i can imagine that making a racing sim or something like that on ue4 would be a stretch ... even though ... [ people are doing it ] ( http://www.virtualr.net/wp-content/gallery/7967/tibmb0d.jpg ) ) . 
  qb would be so much better on ue4 ( try paragon or the new ut - they look amazing and run like a breeze ) . 
  i mean yeah , there would still be a lot of the uwp shenanigans ( until ms fixes that ) , but you ca n't beat epic in terms of quality and platform support . 
  btw what 's the word on pascal 's async ? 
  / r/thirstydudes, 
  inb4 some dude who starts to explain to you that shima 24k dmg per torp is `` just the maximum '' and how you should use wasd ... 
   i move up with ships behind me , we encounter the enemy , and our entire fleet immediately turns away for fear of being deleted by long-range fire and torpedo walls . 
  haha , i know that too well . 
  the number of times i found my iowa to be the extended tip of the spear in an amazingly short amount of time is funny ( you move in with the fleet , shit starts happening , 15 seconds later you look at the minimap and everyone is suddenly several ship lengths behind you ) . 
  you take some damage and obviously return fire , possibly rek some ca noob and now you have to decide between turning away ( and exposing your broadside ) , which is always risky business when you 're focused down or ... slow down , stop and start backing away before it 's safe to turn . 
  all this is before we even talk about torp walls . 
  if i 'm in a match with 4-5 enemy dds ( which is way too often btw ) , i do n't bother with any pushing before the match starts playing out . 
  there 's no point in that .
