  awesome job , dude !, 
  ue4 had it from the first public release . 
  yeah , that uses distance fields for collision instead of z-buffer , it 's much more advanced . 
  ce would have to use cpu particles to reach a similar effect . 
  source : / u/flamuchz, 
   nature of software development, 
  if i got a penny for every time this phrase has been used on this sub , i 'd be catching up to bill gates by now . 
  retarded models with nonsensical estimates ftw . 
  bless his soul indeed , faith is the only thing that can save these predictions . 
   this sub has a hard on for valentina, 
  i have a hard on for anyone who 's gon na displace this unlikeable bitch of a champion . 
   either that or the bot is actually that awful . 
  imo that is what 's happening . 
  as is often the case in software development firms , the management got way ahead of the engineering . 
  youtube 's management is both economically ( adpocalypse ) and ideologically ( as evidenced by recent yt ceo statements , google ceo statements , firing of james damore etc. ), 
  interested in cracking down on `` controversial '' content and since there is no way you can effectively do that manually on a site of youtube 's size , the engineering has to come up with bots . 
  as you can imagine , designing bots capable of this kind of `` censorship '' is not an easy task and machine learning , natural language analysis etc. 
  is not something you just shit out on command . 
  these things take time and a lot of fine tuting ( and , well , learning ... ) , but the rollout happened extremely quickly - i can only imagine the pressure on the engineering teams by the management must have been huge . 
  a couple ( hundred thousand ) false positives are something the suits at google can live with , especially when they have their sights on moving youtube to the tv/netflix model and so long term growth of random small channels is of no interest to them . 
  i play mostly bbs , but let 's get real here : they have the lowest skill floor to do reasonably well in . 
  bbs are n't the bane of all existence , but a lot of bbplayers are potatoes , more than with other classes of ships . 
  the only thing worse than a full hp sniping bb teammate is a sucky cv teammate ( those guys literally ruin games ) . 
  there 's a great filter going on in higher tier cruiser play ( t6-t7-t8 ) where you learn * very quickly * not to suck or you just do n't enjoy the shit games and do n't progress at all . 
  the `` bb potato '' stereotype is a hp perk bismarck for a reason . 
   edge-hugging fuso driver, 
  ah , the fabled old school , less retarded variation of the edge-hugging bayern driver ... 
   nah cv get the blame first and foremost, 
  while cvs get bitched at a lot , you have to realize that cvs , unlike other individual ships , can ( and often do ) make or break games . 
  they 're too powerful not to be used efficiently . 
  we 've all been in those games where one cv is clearly better than the other - those games suck and there 's not much you can do about them . 
  in that sense , it 's clear why the unicum + players seem to dislike cv games ... you ca n't carry if your team 's cv gets outplayed . 
   countdown to factorio 's developer being bullied off the internet for being an alt-right literal nazi in 3 . .2 . . 
  they 're czech and we do n't give a shit . 
  ( vavra is btw also czech . ), 
  what a pleb , that is what you get for abandoning the crown . 
  world of planes team is leaking . 
   it 's a loot grind game . 
  where 's the loot ? 
  borderlands is a loot grind game . 
  is n't it up to the ref to enforce this ? 
  it should be warning -  warning -  point or warning -  point if it 's blatant . 
  i do n't understand why the refs do n't handle this already , i mean it 's not like most fighters fight with their fingers extended ... and the ones that do can get fucked or learn to do n't do that shit anymore . 
   it probably made its budget back ten times . 
  i think more like 50 times . 
  the average size of the team over the course of development was something like [ 6 people ] ( https://i.imgur.com/vzfdqm6.png ) ( that includes marketing and production , not just development ) . 
  also , hello games self-funded and self-published nms . 
  source : sean murray 's [ gdc talk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sepdzis8hqy ) . 
  `` so ... two million ... less than 10 % '', 
  well , he 's not wrong :d, 
  yeah , added some info to back that up and point out the conservative estimate was probably really conservative . 
  you see , count dankula [ disagrees ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2bfs2fkjlo ) . 
  the male gaze , no rape , this is rape !, 
  ps : i just realized something - rare pepe . 
  i do n't think so , you buch of misogynist mras !, 
  pretty crazy how the leftist world view shifted so rapidly , is n't it . 
  illegals or aliens are now basically offensive words to leftists . 
  and these people have a firm grip on the traditional media and contemporary corporate culture . 
  the line of thinking they 're promoting now is quite literally no borders . 
  as in the argument is `` it 's not their fault they 've been born in a wrong country , it 's only humanitarian to let them into our countries - regardedless of their refugee or economic migrant status '' ... and this not even a hyperbole , a variation of this is what i heard in numerous interviews on numerous platforms ( from cnn interviews/panels , through youtube vids of activists , to even fucking czech television public broacaster in my country ) . 
  the u.s. left went from social programs and clinton 's `` we must deport illegal aliens taking our jobs '' to a `` socialism without borders '' utopia in 10 years . 
  amazing . 
  the hardcore leftism 's rapid invasion into academia , media , corporate culture and upper middle class completely blindsided most of the population . 
  it 's honestly shocking to see how quickly the disease spreads . 
  it 's like some kind of aggressive metastatic pancreatic cancer . 
  the fact that most people literally have to be `` redpilled '' ( or `` wake up '' , as dave rubin says ) to this shit ( or be affected by it personally ) does n't help . 
  before gamergate happened , i 'd call you a tinfoil hat dummy if you told me that most of the traditional western media are ideologically aligned and willing to lie , omit facts and twist reality into serving this ideology . 
  i still have trouble with dealing with this sad reality and i see it every day ... as most of us here do . 
  of course the laws do n't align with the views of most leftists , they ca n't , there has not been enough time for them to change . 
  but they will change if we do n't fight , just look at canada ( the idiocy of bill c16 is pretty famous by now ) . 
  from free speech to immigration , it 's going to be a war in all western countries . 
   nobody even knows who did it yet . 
  sure , i bet it 's those nasty ied-placing trump supporters again . 
   and the dumbest post of the day goes to this guy . 
  good work, 
  the only point of contention here is what exactly is meant by the term `` the left '' , so that 's up for debate , but the rest is really not . 
  general idea :, 
   the left fundamentally do not believe in property rights . 
  real world suggested implementation :, 
   the labour party suggested that the government should take the houses of rich people so they could house the people made newly homeless by a large building fire . 
  they are the same . 
  you either believe in property rights or you do n't . 
  the fact that somebody has a flat or a house ( or 20 of them ) is their business . 
  if they do n't use them , it 's probably because they consider them a form of investment . 
  suggesting that you can be both for taking the `` excess '' from rich people and also for property rights is ridiculous . 
  it pains me greatly that this buffoon has to be the one leading the fight against leftism . 
  how are you liking it so far ? 
  i 've been kinda shocked that it only has like 13 . xkm range now ... sure flamu & his super-unicum buddies can make it work , but i ( as an average 1300 wtr potato ) do n't really like it on the test server . 
  the z-52 on the other hand ... 
  even better , they actually consider gad saad far-right . 
  worked , thanks !, 
   conservatives have become more skeptical about the value of a college degree . 
  no , * people * are becoming more skeptical about the value of a useless humanities college degree ( like liberal arts ) . 
  nobody is skeptical of stem . 
  nice [ username ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kiqizq0afnk ) . 
  based slavic post-communist countries !, 
  we are doing our share of defense against the leftist cancer . 
  most of the devs sticking with pewdiepie were czech or polish , i wonder why :p, 
   a notice on their website is not legally binding permission . 
  it sucks but legally they can do it .
