  a bit after the launch id released an updated version with vulkan support for the best performance with the latest hardware . 
  best of both worlds . 
  epic 's ue4 is also ridiculous ( in a good way ) as far as the platform support and compatibility goes . 
  the renderer can basically run on anything from smartphones and consoles to a beast pc rig ( and even has vr optimized mode ) . 
  the way you can gracefully downgrade shaders ( both lower the quality and turn off features ) , lighting and shadows without the need to mess with the renderer code is amazing . 
  the vast majority of custom engines will never have nowhere near the level of compatibility ue4 or unity5 can offer and most of the time not even similar performance . 
  this is why i 'm always skeptical when i see a game with custom engine that is not a small 2d indie title , especially if it 's on a console first . 
  [ 19:50 ] ( https://youtu.be/szzyn33bgc4?t=1190 ) . 
  this . 
  100 % this . 
  at least in games like minecraft you actually build something and the mining just serves as an extension of that mechanic . 
  here , the mining ** is ** the mechanic . 
  and this one mechanic which is basically the meat of the game is not even complex or innovative in any way !, 
  the mining gets mind-numbingly boring within tens of minutes and when you realize that the mining is what you 're going to do until the heat death of the universe ... you hit that delete local content button and ask for a refund . 
  breadth of an universe , depth of a paddling pool . 
  largest radius = least curved . 
  ( infinite radius = straight line . ), 
   factorio, 
  factorio is awesome . 
  you only mine in the beginning , the rest is about setting up progressively more and more automation . 
  nice visualization of the specular aliasing ... not that anyone here will be able to appreciate that as evidenced by the dude posting links to fxaa ... 
  actually it 's closer to [ top 5 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_most_expensive_video_games_to_develop ) ( currently sitting at # 4 ) as star citizen has basically zero marketing budget . 
  the 140m of the 2nd place is very close and i 'm sure that by the time the crowdfunding ends , it will reach that amount . 
  that would make it the most expensive game only behind swtor . 
  massive marketing budget . 
  also it appears that they cut a metric ton of stuff from the game aaand they 're bungie ( an independent studio with a solid name that can demand premium level of funding ) ... so i can ( kinda ) see the 140m figure . 
   all you do is shoot people on the same maps with the same guns, 
  that just means you do n't understand what a game even is . 
  game mechanics can be incredibly deep and offer hundreds or thousands of hours of entertainment in a multiplayer game ... it does n't matter if it has 18 quintillion maps and millions of guns , what matters is the depth of the game mechanics , the core gameplay loop . 
  dota 2 has only one map . 
  not because valve does n't have money , but because it does n't need more . 
  nsm core gameplay loop is a poor man 's minecraft ( minus the building ... and the multiplayer ... ) , it 's a bare bones game about sightseeing . 
  well , well , well ... :d, 
  edit : anyone knows sign language ? 
  what an amazing demo . 
  this was the first time we 've seen everything fit together and it was awesome . 
  i 'm * actually * starting to believe that they can pull it off , that the game they ( and we ) dreamed up can actually be made . 
  the tech seems to be there . 
  the talent seems to also be there . 
  btw : the planet tech and driving/gliding on surface was a welcome surprise !, 
  another problem with warframe is that , at its very core , it 's just a co-op peer-to-peer multiplayer game ( with all the bs that comes with it ... host migration , subpar netcode and desync issues in general ) . 
  the entire world is composed of a set of co-op maps ( which , to be fair , offer a bit more variety than in a typical shooter ... primarily because they make use of procedural room/segment placement ) you play ( run & gun your way through or survive waves in a horde mode ) repeatedly until you get bored . 
  there 's not much on top of that . 
  even your clan hall/dojo is a map you have to load to by going through menus , host migration occurs when your buddy disconnects , has player limit , etc. 
  it 's all very much immersion breaking and `` gamey '' . 
  the main map is just a dressed up server browser . 
  then there 's the shockingly low level of player interaction - not only there 's no large player economy or market , you ca n't even trade with another player on an individual basis ... except for a few selected types of items ( platinum sinks ) . 
  warframe is instances , the game . 
  if you dislike instancing in mmos , stay the hell away as this is the worst offender . 
  btw it certainly can be fun for a while , the game has a really good combat which is a lot of fun , but the game 's monetization scheme gets in the way a lot and unless you 're willing to pay , it 's going to prevent you from enjoying the game . 
  sure , you can play for free , just be prepared for a metric ton of content gates which can make the game feel frustrating . 
  the game locks interesting stuff ( weapons , armor . . ) not only behind missions and rng/drop luck ( i.e. 
  like every other mmo ) , but also behind materials ( basically anything worth speaking about in the game requires a ton of materials and credits and key items to build ) and ... time . 
  time represented both in player level time ( i.e. 
  you ca n't wear or shoot this as you 're not level 15 ) and actual time ( e.g. 
  this warframe 's parts will take 24h to build , then this warframe itself will take 72h to build ) . 
  of course you can skip a lot of this by buying a lot of platinum or buying the items themselves from the game store . 
  then there are the annoyances like extremely limited weapon/armor inventory ( expansion of which costs money ) etc. 
  cosmetic upgrades and visual customization are nice to have , but again , most of it is gated behind a paywall ( even things like a basic color palette - `` do n't want one of these few default muddy colors ? 
  want to make your warframe green ? 
  buy our bright color platte today !, 
  jesus , why ... 
  oh , ty , makes sense !, 
   the konig is a run of the mill tier 5 . 
  its faster than the ny and has decent aa , but she still does n't hold a candle to the kongo, 
  my avg damage out of 7 games so far is 89,957 ( 4 or 5 of which i 've been the lowest tier ) . 
  granted , it 's just 7 games , but when i played with the kongo , i averaged just 42k . 
  there 's only 10-25k blue whales ... does n't stop orca pods from hunting their calves ( by separating them from their mothers and then biting chunks of meat out of them ) . 
  so you see that the numbers game of `` there 's this number of x and this number of y , therefore it 's fine/not fine if x eats y '' does n't really work unless you begin to pick and choose , probably on some arbitrary moral values ( orcas got ta eat or seals are cute ) . 
  and you know what ? 
  that 's fine . 
  we are the top dogs on this planet , we make ( or break ) the rules . 
  personally , i think that orcas are cunts . 
  they 're social predators who will hunt the easiest prey or just mess with it to train and/or to be entertained when they 're not hungry . 
  the fact that they 're intelligent does n't really make them more relatable when you see them for what they really are - apex predators with no sense of empathy or remorse . 
  fuck them , #teampeople . 
  tl ; dr : one saved seal wo n't affect shit . 
  save it . 
  or do n't . 
  do what you feel is right * as a human * . 
  dr. spaghetii , dr. brian fantana and dr. thunder ... what is this , a fucking symposium ? 
  excuse me , but i do n't take shit from ( dr. ) crooks !, 
  some guy wrote this reply and then deleted his post ( so i wo n't name him ) :, 
   yeah absolutely agreed . 
  same goes for ubisofts e3 trailers , they get some shit for being massively unrepresentative but all and all it \u00b4 s fine because there is a years worth of actually correct marketing prior to release . 
  even with the overall dissapointing games ( watch dogs , the division ) as much as people complain they don \u00b4 t really have much teeth because the big features are correct and they always have to point at 2 + years old stuff anyways . 
  this is pretty much the only valid argument defending ubisoft marketing practices i 've seen so far . 
  but damn , it is a good one . 
  all ubisoft 's games which did n't live up to their respective initial reveals had plenty of media available all the way to the release . 
  the downgrade of both watch dogs and the division ( or other games , latest example of this is the gr : wildlands ) was clearly visible in both trailers and gameplay closer to the release ( hell , the division even had a beta ) ... yet people still bought these games . 
  ubisoft 's hype machine is deceptive , mostly built on smoke and mirrors , but in the end , people ca n't really blame them as there 's always plenty of gameplay footage from the near-release build of the game * before * the game ships . 
  ( performance issues and bugs often are a real issue , but that 's another matter entirely . ), 
  people dislike ubisoft 's dishonesty , but objectively , hello games are much , much worse since they promoted the non-existing features and complexity all the way to the release ( in writing , interviews and trailers ) . 
   i think that you should plaster your screen with imaginary ribbons to simulate being rewarded for every single button press you perform . 
  also hitmarkers , do n't forget hitmarkers !, 
  they need to hire nixxes ... the problem is that they 're probably not that cheap . 
   after de : md, 
  have n't played the game yet but from what people are saying ( and videos i 've seen ) it 's very much okay , includes pc specific stuff and customizable ui . 
   the guys who ported mad max, 
  what ?
