   `` in 2007 , msm were 44 to 86 times as likely to be diagnosed with hiv compared with other men , and 40 to 77 times as likely as women . '', 
   `` in 2009 , msm accounted for 61 % of all new hiv infections . 
  msm who had a history of recreational drug injection accounted for an additional 3 % of new infections . '', 
   `` in 2014 , gay and bisexual men accounted for 83 % ( 29,418 ) of the estimated new hiv diagnoses among all males aged 13 and older and 67 % of the total estimated new diagnoses in the united states . '', 
  source : cdc.gov, 
  yes , that 's 67 % of the total new diagnoses coming from an estimated 2 % of the population . 
   that 's a common misrepresentation of what clinton said . 
  she did n't say that trump supporters could be split into two equal groups , she said they could be roughly divided into two categories, 
  [ you 're lying ] ( https://youtu.be/sjvxhbityea?t=113 ) . 
  direct quote :, 
   you can put half of trump supporters into what i call the basket of deplorables . 
  right ? 
  the racist , sexist , homophobic , xenophobic , islamophobic , you name it . 
   not to mention these stats have nothing to do with the subject at hand . 
  how ? 
  what 's the intention behind this law other than to further stomp on people 's freedom ? 
  instead of education you 're going to punish something that may be a ) very hard to enforce and b ) very ineffective even if enforced effectively - which is why i posted those stats . 
   therefore preventing them in the prostitution industry should n't be important, 
  msm represent a tiny portion of the the prostitution industry . 
  we should not stomp on the freedoms of all people just because a tiny fraction misbehave . 
   he was saying that the guy probably was n't going to get hiv , but instead get other stds, 
  hiv is the main scare crow . 
  syphilis can be effectively treated with antibiotics . 
  herpes is not that dangerous and many people have it with no symptoms . 
  what i 'm saying is that the state is fucking with the wrong disease vector . 
  it 's like enforcing condoms in the already extensively tested porn industry . 
  nobody is forcing you to have unprotected sex with anyone . 
  all this should be solved through education ( particularly aimed at msm ) , not goverment overreach . 
  the stats i posted only point out the numbers behind why i think this . 
  what about it shooting spaghetti ??? 
  now where 's your practicality !, 
   can some please tell me the song, 
   with the guy that has the wargaming logo on his head, 
  it 's four different guys , https://youtu.be/ozotzkceo-a?t=285, 
  username checks out, 
  i do n't care what anyone says or how funny that seems to you ... if you do this , you 're a cunt . 
  somebody with an already shitty work has to clean that up . 
  not to mention that until someone cleans that up , it ca n't really be used . 
  it 's a worse version of littering . 
  a depressing life and suicide is an absolute extreme of the situation and certainly by no means an expected result you can somehow base your arguments on . 
  the unwanted child may become wanted , may be abandoned ( safe haven/baby box ) or adopted . 
  you just do n't know , you ca n't possibly know . 
  sometimes it looks like some people see being born into poverty or to parents that do n't want you as some kind of horrible irreparable congenital disorder that disqualifies you from life . 
   reuse 10 times, 
  i 'll just point out that so far spacex did n't reuse a single rocket . 
   then grow food, 
  before that make soil as mars has none . 
  your entire rebuttal is optimistic and simplistic . 
  which is about the same that can be said about another `` disruptive '' project related to musk , the [ hype ( r ) loop ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnfesa01llk ) . 
   that includes making their rocket stages reusable , which fucking nobody has done at anything even remotely outside of experimental, 
  the whole space shuttle program was a realization of that idea . 
  first flight : 1977 . 
  ultimately , it failed . 
  the entire space x cost effectivity relies on the reusability of the rockets , but we do n't know if that 's going to happen . 
  it 's all just a theory ( not to mention that there 's a big difference between trying to reuse a rocket once and consistently reliably reuse all your rockets ... and let 's not forget that in reality , space x did n't even reuse a single rocket yet ) . 
  the originally envisioned costs in the case of space shuttle program were $ 650 ( in 2013 dollars ) per pound of payload ... the reality ? 
  $ 27,000 per pound . 
   good , so i can be a tomato and no one will call me out on it . 
  oh people will call you out , just not before you do anything stupid . 
  xvm is just not a thing in wows imo ( at least not on the eu server , ca n't speak about other servers ) . 
  yep , such a pc cop out . 
  just sad . 
  it 's pretty good ... 
  btw it 's prety much the first game using ue4 right , looks great and runs like a dream . 
  because the production team did n't have the balls to leave an anti-hero vigilante go unpunished . 
  we ca n't have `` terrorists '' winning in movies , duh . 
  also , while the entire film 's writing leaves a lot to be desired , the ending was on a whole another level . 
  deus ex machina plot device kind of crap ( oh look , we just , at the end of the movie and by a total accident , discovered that an auto garage outside of the prison is owned by the vigilante ... let 's go get him ) . 
   they 're idiots . 
   like a week ago i saw a nagato wtih se . 
  he was a camping moron , stayed miles behind his whole team all the time , did jack shit and was still full hp when almost whole his team was dead . 
  just yesterday i 've had this kind of potato on the team . 
  ice islands , standard game , yamato with 100k hp , sniping from the back , and only moving towards the enemy cap ( at 1/2 speed , no less ) when half of our team was dead and there was a cyclone . 
  of course he was full hp . 
  we won in the end , thanks to an earlier push by me in bismarck and a fellow fubuki ( we almost cleaned their cap of all enemies and their main blob of ships which initially moved north for some reason did n't have the time to get back ) . 
  at least the ~ ~ yamato ~ ~ potato ended up second to last ... but i 'm pretty sure this idiot would not move anywhere and just snipe the whole game if there was no cyclone . 
  what ? 
  with camo , csm1 and concealment expert , nc can get to 11.7 km . 
   why ,, 
  i was confused for a moment , `` why is he asking him ? 
  '' , then it clicked . 
  i should read more books :d, 
  i did n't see this mentioned yet , but for me it 's the biggest plus of ranked :, 
  ** the team members actually try to cooperate and win games in ranked ** . 
  just because of this i look forward to playing ranked . 
  the 7 ship cap also makes for more tactical and skill based plays , not to mention that ranked generally does n't have potatoes , snipers and afkers . 
  i still like the stardard games ( random battles ) , but ranked is simply more rewarding to play . 
   used weapons of mass destruction, 
  lol . 
  look at me , i do n't know anything , but im an activist . 
  if you think cluster munition with typical bomblets is considered `` weapon of mass destruction '' , you 're an idiot . 
  not to mention that the us uses cluster bombs too ... in fact , none of the serious military powers ( us , russia , india , china ) signed the `` convention on cluster munitions '' treaty . 
  i would say that i 'm amazed that a post beginning with `` a friend of mine '' and presenting zero evidence is now sitting at 144 upvotes and a prominent place in the thread ... but i 'm not really . 
  not really . 
  this is not a pizza review we 're talking about here . 
  this may be a review of a significant portion of your life over the last few months or even years . 
  if you know glassdoor and your employer is listed there , taking 5 minutes to register is just not a problem . 
   assad has , however , used chemical weapons which do qualify . 
  while that may be true , i fail to see why are you connecting such actions with the russians . 
  the use of chemical weapons by assad ( probable use - no one knows for sure and assad does n't admit it ) predates russian presence in the region by years .
