  you better pound the war drum now while the nk 's nukes are n't portable enough and numerous enough because once they 're , you ai n't gon na pound shit . 
  they are going to do absolutely whatever the fuck they are going to want to do and murrica will be unable to stop them just like they were unable to stop the soviet union . 
  all the people talking about this problem in the sense that a military action would be too costly in both lives and money evidently fail to realize that this will not get better with time , it will get worse , much much worse . 
  nk is cancer , military action is chemotherapy . 
  any suggestions for newbies interested in the most aoe damaging build regardless of defenses ? 
  room popping glass cannon ? 
   at least for now, 
  what is meant by that ? 
  moore 's law ? 
  or some [ latest research ] ( https://research.nvidia.com/publication/2017-01_learning-light-transport ) on using machine learning to guide the choice of light paths ? 
  weird . 
  path tracing is one of the oldest and also one of the easiest ways to render computer graphics . 
  creating a path tracer is one of the more common assignments in computer science classes focused on computer graphics ( you can write a simple , but fully functional path tracer in under 1000 lines of code ) . 
  not only is path tracing an easy way to render things , it 's also one of the most realistic ways to render things ( path traced images are often used as reference when implementing less realistic , but faster rendering algorithms ) . 
  so why is no one in real time graphics seriously considering using this extremely well known , simple to implement and pretty much the best looking rendering method ? 
  surely the latest graphics cards are up to the challenge ? 
  nope . 
  path tracing requires an immense amount of computational power . 
  the only way to make path tracing even remotely viable for real time rendering is to render the image before it 's anywhere near ready to be displayed - producing a grainy image . 
  mess around [ with this demo ] ( http://madebyevan.com/webgl-path-tracing/ ) to see how it feels like outside of a youtube video . 
  that is the ironic reality of grainy image produced by realtime path tracers . 
  low resolution video with aggressive compression makes it look less jarring . 
   as a visual demonstration the yt video appears to be rather useless, 
  yes , but it makes it look better , not worse . 
  it 's the same thing as when you squint your eyes until you can barely see and then the grainy image looks `` better '' as you notice the grain less and your brain interpolates the rest . 
  kinda . 
  https://github.com/eddbiddulph/yquake2/blob/pathtracing/src/client/refresh/pathtracer.glsl ( 617 lines ), 
  you know ... reading these predictions when there are extremely detailed season 7 spoilers online ( confirmed as being accurate by 4 episodes so far ) is kinda funny . 
  found a triggered snowflake . 
  anyone crying about `` casual racism '' in an intentionally politically incorrect entertainment ( bordering on comedy ) show is a twat and a danger to society . 
   hippies, 
  that 's actually giving them too much credit because it implies they 're somehow being a member of the counter culture . 
  nothing screams more `` counter culture '' than subscribing to the ideas which infest a vast majority of the western media , universities , social media and even corporate culture . 
  these people are not really hippies . 
  they 're spoiled , virtue signalling , humourless twats with the majority of their problems being the first world kind . 
  how can you be a leftist and a member of `` counter culture '' in the age of :, 
  * companies like google or bbc hiring based on race ( `` do n't apply for this job if you 're white '' is a norm these days ), 
  * social networks like twitter or facebook having `` safety '' councils composed of 3rd wave feminists and marxists to keep wrongthink in check or ban people for being critical of islam as an ideology ( dubbing it a `` hate crime '' ), 
  * media like nyt or cnn openly and aggressively promoting the idea of open borders and not differentiating between illegal and legal immigration, 
  * universities like evergreen or mizzou being post-modernist/marxist hot spots of leftist propaganda, 
  it 's absolute nonsense . 
  i 'm not even american you smartass . 
  and when we 're at it , comrade , you should get back to venezuela where your ideology belongs . 
  for those of you laughing at the concept of `` cultural marxism '' , this is one of its manifestations . 
  the fact that this happens in one of the biggest companies in the world suggests a lot of things ... not that you have to imagine those of course , they 're visible and in plain sight . 
  it 's even a bigger issue in academia where dozens of universities operate like this ( and more ) . 
  ingroup , outgroup . 
  wrong think , right think . 
  or even more contemporarily : progressive , nazi . 
  yeah , what a wonderful , tolerant world have you constructed . 
  the only thing that remains is hope . 
  a hope that people like dr. jordan peterson can help us get out of this mess . 
  thanks , that does look interesting !, 
  you know you 're utterly fucked as a society when even a * labour mp * has to say this . 
  wow another apologist looking to justify their investment into the project ? 
  i am truly shocked . 
   i see some very cynical comments, 
  really makes you think what could have happened over the last 5 ( five ) years to make people write such things . 
  i guess we will never know . 
   3.1 renamed to 3.5 , release at gamescom next year . 
  [ it 's always good to be a pessimist when it comes to sc release schedule , lol . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/starcitizen/comments/6m00ea/300_and_global_progress_watch_update_20170707/djyc45w/ ), 
   giving cig your complete and unquestioned faith, 
  par for the course . 
  sadly there 's not much we can do about that . 
  if you are n't pessimistic about the sc development by now , there 's not much that can happen that would change your opinion going forward . 
   he definitely is n't quiet about his opinions . 
  lecturing and moral grandstanding . 
  he sees the `` plebs '' on the internet as below him and consistently acts like that . 
  if only he had content to back that up , but in the last two years or so his channel went downhill like a rock , both in terms of quality and quantity . 
  though the funniest thing in all of this is that he has an * extremely * fragile ego , to the point of having all avenues of cricism or feedback blocked off . 
  he does not accept criticism , never has , and when i followed him back in the day , he regularly banned his supporters on twich for saying something dumb or insensitive even just once . 
  of course none of these things by themselves make him `` bad '' , but as a whole they paint a picture of the kind of person tb is . 
  tb has always been cynical and a bit of a dick , bit his cancer has made it infinitely worse . 
   invest into premium or accept that you 'll loose credits and play some mid tiers in between . 
  premium t10 camo = making money on t10 games . 
  no man 's sky is certainly a poster child for deceptive marketing practices , but it has been developed by a team of 6 people on average ( and i think ~ 15 before the release ) and it has been released in the state it was because they ran out of money ( hello games self-funded and self-published the game ) . 
  i would n't shit on them since this is the ultimate end of star citizen 's development . 
  cutting corners and delivering an upolished , weirdly incomplete skeleton of a game because the funding simply ran out ( since this time there is no one to fire cr after the next 5 years without a release , the project 's `` completion '' will have to be done through the lack of money ) . 
  except they 're adding new features e.g. 
  another narrative busted . 
  which are similar only in their name . 
  the us studio build jc3 on the latest iteration of the engine with features like dynamic lighting and global illumination . 
  mad max used an older version with baked lighting . 
  that is why jc3 ran like ass compared to mad max . 
  yeah , they 're basic flipbook texture based effects . 
  there 's not much more you can technically do without gpu particles ( and i doubt we 'll see those any time soon ) , but i 've seen these done many times much better so there 's definitely room for art improvement . 
   smoke after shooting large caliber guns needs to last five to ten seconds, 
  not gon na happen due to the potato bigworld engine - 10s particle lifetime would stab ( the already wonky ) performance in the heart . 
   what you need to do here is nerf the belfast and the kutuzov, 
  they 're not going to do that because `` we do n't nerf premium ships '' . 
  idiots . 
   which seems designed, 
  what it seems is that it 's designed by idiots . 
  and i genuinely mean stupid people . 
  it 's not just this latest thing either , they 're consistently making the game less and less strong mechanically . 
  if you tell someone who does n't play this game there 's a spotting mechanic where ships disappear and reappear based on some arbitrary value of `` detection '' , they 'll probably chuckle a bit , but maybe understand it 's a game , not a simulation . 
  if you then tell them that in this game battleships become visible closer than cruisers , they 'll laugh at you what kind of shit games you play , idiot . 
  i took a huge break from the game ( more than a year ) because i became disinterested and unhappy with the way wg was handling the game . 
  i come back , play this season of ranked and it 's now getting to a point when i 'm again starting to feel like that above mentioned idiot and i 'm not even sure i * want * to stay for the rn battleship line .
