  yeah , it 's never a pessimistic estimate when it comes to star citizen . 
  carmack has his hands cleaner than zenimax , that 's for sure . 
  zenimax has a rich history of scumbaggery . 
  good . 
  you do n't tell me what to do !!, 
  the message i get from the top upvoted posts is `` cia good . 
  trump bad . '', 
  and `` russia = assange = trump = hitler . '', 
  sad !, 
  by patricia hernandez no less ( i 'm sure people can google , do n't wan na be banned here for being anti-pc ) . 
  man the harpoons !, 
  they should try this shit on their wg eu employees . 
  maybe some good would come out of that ... 
   one of the most polarizing one in a while . 
  i bought the trial yesterday and it 's mass effect . 
  a mediocre one , but still mass effect ( which does mean both bad things and good things ... some of the bad things are all the traditional bioware bs - mediocre animation , poor facial animation , janky movement , some of the nice things are good combat for an rpg , decent atmosphere in places etc. ) . 
  the kind of gamer that just wants another mass effect game will be perfectly ok with it . 
  however the kind of gamer who wants more , who wants to see the mass effect franchise to compete with the greatest titles in the genre or even just technologically ( make no mistake , as far as the tech goes , andromeda has nothing , not a single thing , on horizon zero dawn for example ) , will be disappointed . 
  of course it 's polarizing , the game just is n't as strong as its predecessors were in their time . 
   i 'm not sure if i like gi after that example . 
  i think i prefer the darker colors . 
  you 'd be amazed how much newbie/hobbyist developers annoy epic to add some real-time * edit : dynamic * gi solution ... every single new version there are people crying about gi ... when the results are questionable and quite expensive . 
   complete lack of light bouncing, 
  most games already have gi solutions , the `` problem '' is that it works only with static geometry . 
  do frostbite games look bad ? 
  enlighten , which is the middleware frostbite uses for gi , does n't really work with dynamic geometry or at least it is n't used that way ( it 's a library that takes the renderer 's lighting data , applies gi to it on the background and outputs light maps/cube maps/probes that then get loaded back to the renderer , but this whole process does not occur every frame , not even close ) . 
  the only viable dynamic real-time gi with decent quality i know of is vxgi ... and we know how that ended up . 
  the only thing you need to see are youtube comparisons of facial animations in the series . 
  they 're simply better in the original trilogy . 
  no need for ifs or buts , no nostalgia . 
  lol polygon said a thing . 
  and it has `` racist '' in the title . 
  color me surprised . 
  quickly losing patience with joe 's bro science dumbfuckery . 
  5 minutes in and he 's already talking about kidney stones not being close to childbirth . 
  how the fuck do you know ? 
  and `` more like passing a marble through your dickhole '' ? 
  how do you think that [ marble ] ( http://www.livescience.com/images/i/000/061/634/original/kidney-stones.jpg ) gets there ? 
  yeah , from your fucking kidneys , that is where the pain is coming from . 
  look up the comparisons by women who experienced both childbirth and kidney stones ( there are plenty online ) , i 'd say at least half of them think kidney stones are worse than childbirth . 
  i 'm not a woman nor i have ever had kidney stones ( thank god ) , but this buffoonery is starting to get on my nerves . 
  it 's been a struggle listening to him lately . 
  same as pewdiepie is a `` far right views '' proponent ( vice quote ) . 
  polygon , vice , wsj , all leftist trash . 
  i hope the wsj hit piece on pewdiepie was an eye opening moment especially for young people . 
   do n't bother , they are n't literate . 
  no one sane can trust the us media . 
  let alone game media . 
  and polygon is one of the worst ~ ~ marxism ~ ~ progressivism propaganda machines . 
  i 'm not falling for any of this bullshit because i 'm not an ideologue cunt and actually can research shit for myself . 
  the trust in the media is at an all time low level and suddenly all these big youtubers like pewdiepie or jontron are racists or literal nazis . 
  what a joke . 
  get the fuck out of here . 
   you can watch him go on it in fact, 
  link me specific racist comments ( as in written on his official twitter/blog/website or on video ) ... big accusation , should be easy to do, 
  yeah except there 's a difference between having an educated opinion ( you can have an educated opinion on anything without experiencing it - do you think that all movie critics make movies or all political commentators are politicians or ... ) and `` meh , i bet it 's like this '' kind of ignorant stance . 
  if you ca n't see the difference between the two then you 're just not worth talking to , no offense . 
  i do n't mind joe , i do n't hate him . 
  the problem is that people think jre equals joe rogan and you ca n't like jre more than him . 
  i like a lot of his guests and i like the long format . 
  the best podcasts are when he just shuts up and the guest talks , with joe only occasionally guiding the flow . 
  lol a truly honest comment and downvoted for being blunt . 
   massive psyops campaign by russia to influence the outcome of our election, 
  and they call alex jones a conspiracy theorist ... `` massive psyops campaign '' :d, 
  ... islam has something to do with it ? 
   may have been bought by stolen credit cards, 
  ... and ? 
  if such a situation happens , is / u/tigrn914 stealing or is g2a stealing ( or is the g2a 's supplier stealing ) ? 
  the consumer does n't have to care about the production details . 
  the meat you buy in the grocery store may have been produced by torturing animals ( for years ) . 
  and unlike g2a 's `` stolen '' keys , it almost certainly has been , given the proliferation of factory farming . 
  genuinely ask yourself : am i ok with one , but not with the other ? 
  if you are ... you 're a hypocrite . 
  g2a is a part of the market . 
  if the publishers have problems with it , they can take g2a to court . 
  buying from g2a ( and similar cd key sites ) is being a savvy customer and is not stealing in any way , shape or form ( ** even if ** g2a stole the key you bought - you have no way of knowing that fact ) . 
  i bet it also had a silencer and eveyone knows that only assassins and bad people use silencers . 
  i remember , and it was maybe just a year ago or so , when i would go to r/worldnews since it was actually pretty decent ( compared to r/europe or r/news at the time ) ... then it all took a nosedive , few key mod changes happened and suddenly the sub is a censored shithole . 
  but it 's not the first large subreddit that got hijacked and it wo n't be the last ... as long as individual subreddits are under control of a few `` unelected '' people and these people have asbsolute power , it will keep happening . 
  btw these hijacked subreddits rarely survive such a takeover - since the internet has no borders and a very high amount of competition , people will just go elsewhere when you censor them or the censorship of others gets too obvious . 
  then , naturally , the demographic of the subreddit changes and before you know it it 's an echo chamber shaped in the image of the hijackers . 
  edit : typos, 
   especially if he thought he did n't do a good enough job getting rumble to follow a good game plan ( which he obviously did n't ) . 
  people are talking about this as if the fighters were some automatons preprogrammed by their coaches and not humans with their own mind . 
  read this transcript : http://metro.co.uk/2017/04/09/anthony-johnsons-corner-tried-in-vain-to-stop-their-fighter-from-wrestling-daniel-cormier-6563255/ it 's cringe worthy . 
  nobody knows why anthony johnson wrestled dc except anthony johnson . 
  it 's a mystery and it must have been incredibly frustrating for the coaches . 
  i thought [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_w0in_xg0u ) was the best ? 
  as a true slav , i can only roll with mayo . 
  lol , what a joke, 
   the whole time i was worried it would end badly, 
  yeah , [ for the man ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4oem0w6mhm ) !, 
  they seem to be working on sq42 content with high priority at the moment . 
  all of the capital ships that are anywhere near ready are the ones with prominent roles in sq42 , e.g. 
  idris , javelin . 
  that being said , it 's probably just for a decent demo of what sq42 is going to be about than a bigger release . 
  personally , i hope the current content development push is just for a demo . 
  sq42 is a story driven single player game ... 
  i do n't want to play it when it 's clear that many , many star citizen subsystems ( gameplay related , ai related , graphics related , facial animation related . . ) simply are n't ready to go and are being rewritten , updated and polished constantly . 
  i 'd be surprised if sq42 was pushed to the community before sc 4.0 ... which is probably for the best .
