  not at all . 
  in ds1 , your equip load had a direct impact on the amount of invincibility frames your roll would have ( and your roll distance would get larger with your equip load being lower ) . 
  in ds2 you had a stat that directly affected this - agility . 
  you could get 5 to 16 iframes depending on your agility level , and it was a conscious decision by the player - do i want a more effective roll or something else ( more health , more endurance , stronger attacks ... ) ? 
  there is no such thing in ds3 . 
  as long as you 're under 70 % equip load , the roll has the same amount of iframes . 
  i think it 's 13 now ( compare that to 16 in ds2 w / maxed agility ) and the roll started with a slight delay in ds2 . 
  there 's * no question * that rolling in ds3 is easier than in both ds2 and ds1 . 
  there 's no reason not to use it extensively now , but it was not that clear in previous games . 
  ( btw the word you 're looking for is rolling , not dodging . ), 
  yes , after all the snowden hoopla and the revelation of once denied mass surveillance ( in tools , techniques and data centers collecting data ranging from phone calls , to requesting internal data from tech giants to measures as absurd as buffering data flow from internet backbones ) ... you decide that mass surveillance is the topic people are being overly paranoid about . 
  it 's pretty clear who is the naive party here ... if you think that the estabilishment has no interest in keeping the status quo then that 's nice and all , but it 's just your opinion and quite frankly more like a blind belief , since there 's no evidence to support such a claim . 
  `` everyone is inherently good and the bureaucracy cares about the people . 
  why not ? '', 
  oh please ... 
  on the other hand , there is plenty of evidence that supports the other side ( history , politics , psychology of human behavior as it relates to money and , more importantly , power ) . 
  you tell me how something like the flint water crisis can happen right under the watchful and protective eye of the goverment and its apparatus . 
  it 's also a great example of how much your federal government cares - you have around 100k people being poisoned ... and their reaction is to try to downplay the situation and then argue about who is going to pay for the new pipes . 
  lol . 
  nonsense . 
  read the article again . 
  people do n't realize that no amount of client-side protection or obfuscation will help . 
  the entire point here is that unless you run the simulation on the server ( like bf4 , counter-strike , etc. 
  ) , people will always be able to cheat . 
  if the critical code runs on the client 's machine , it simply does not matter if you have the best anti-cheat in the world as the client side can always be hacked . 
  i do n't own the division and i ca n't say that it indeed does n't have a server authoritative model ... but if it does n't , which is an assumption the article builds on , saying `` just the parts where the memory poking is allowing them to cheat and change client-side values '' is completely nonsensical . 
  `` fix the parts where memory poking allows them to cheat '' ... you mean like move that code to the server ? 
  jeez . 
  battle ( non ) sense addressed this in the past , it 's absolutely true : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_flwq2grt3k&amp;t=1m55s, 
  before the 2.3 patch , you could see all the ip addresses , even from the enemy team . 
  i assume the developers either did a poor job or just masked the symptoms instead of fixing the actual issue and people figured it out . 
  i understand perfectly well , you 're the one who apparently decided to ignore preexisting facts . 
  we know that the game used to openly display ip addresses of all the players and we know that it still happens for your teammates since 2.3 patch . 
  it 's not a stretch by any means to think that ubisoft just did a quick fix on the client and that people can still access the enemy team 's ips ( by using specializad software like wallhax etc. 
  to be fair , john carmack is a programmer ( engine architect in more recent times ) and there is not a whole lot of evidence that he had a significant influence over the game design or artistic direction of id games ( other than the influence based on the technical stregths and weaknesses of the technology created and managed by him ) . 
  they use ue4 for this project , so the technology aspect is going to be fine and i 'm not sure john would help them in any way other than marketing . 
  as for them putting the kickstarter on hold : i think this is a very fair way of doing things . 
  having a demo/working proof of concept is the best thing you can do when looking for funding and it 's no different with crowdfunding . 
  it moves the project from an abstract list of wishes and promises entirely built on top of the reputations of the developers to something you , the consumer/investor can actually evaluate in a meaningful way ( playable demo would be the best , but even a gameplay video can tell you a lot ) and decide if you want to support or not . 
   just as one would not do a comedy about child molestation , rape , or famine ( just to name a few ), 
  i love this line . 
  it sets up the entire argument in such a way that yes , `` no subject should be off-limits , and no person should be out of bounds '' , however `` this , that , this , those and this and that ... just to name a few '' is too much , over the line and `` one would not do '' such comedy . 
  if anyone is not aware of what pc culture , virtue signalling or regressive left means , this quote is a beautiful example of the implementation of these in day to day life . 
  a slippery slope of outrage and feelings-based reasoning . 
   report his youtube channel . 
  report for what ? 
  unless namco itself decides to file a takedown , there 's no basis . 
  people talk about term of service of dark souls as if it has any relevancy to youtube . 
  i get that people are mad , but think about what you 're asking for here before you decide to post it ... 
  lmao, 
  i think it 's about damn time we had a discussion about console ports of mp games with trusted-client networking that are released completely unprepared for the wild west that is the pc platform . 
  750k of full priced copies sold on steam is a significant portion of ds3 's audience and the pc version should not be a second class citizen . 
  yes , it saves money and time because you do n't need anything more fancy [ than a trusted client network system ] on a console due to it being a closed platform , but the pc multiplayer becomes a nightmare as soon as a few weeks after the release . 
  what 's crazy is that you do n't even need some fancy , hard to use , purpose-made apps like you need for most server-authoritative games ( csgo , battlefield etc. 
  ) , a simple cheat tool will suffice . 
  cheat engine is a general purpose cheating tool that just scans the process memory and allows you to find and change values ( and use scripts - either your own or downloaded ones ) . 
  this is no complex software and exists for like a decade , so it reflects on you very poorly if your client side protection of a multiplayer game is so weak that cheat engine works . 
  but , ** the fact that you can ruin someone else 's entire game merely by connecting to them is , metaphorically speaking , a criminal oversight ** on the side of the developer . 
  this bastard script kiddie [ you linked ] streaming the results and feeding off the attention is just a natural conclusion of this whole fiasco . 
  all these triggered bans are 100 % from software 's fault and anyone who gets banned because of this should be able to ask for a refund and more . 
  childish response , i expected some of these . 
  the use of poor metaphors and the word `` mad '' gives that away , fyi . 
  i mean , does the egg sandwich from mcdonald 's cost as much as the one from a breakfast diner ? 
  and what about the service ? 
  think before you write , please . 
  if from ca n't or does n't want to do the job properly , then it should not do it at all . 
  who 's `` you '' ? 
  pc gamers ? 
  why are you lumping together an audience of [ 750 000 ] ( http://steamspy.com/app/374320 ) people ? 
  why `` you '' prefer a cinematic experience of 30fps and your eyes ca n't see past 30fps ? 
  ( see ? 
  not that much fun when it 's applied to your platform of choice , is it . ), 
  if someone bought this game for $ 60 , they deserve a $ 60 product as advertised , no soft bans and no forced offline play . 
  `` they were n't even going to bring the souls games to pc '' is not an argument ( unles you 're 12 ) . 
  btw i did n't even play ds1 until like a month or two before the ds2 release , so i certainly did n't ask from to port anything . 
   news to me . 
  time for concealement expert on all high tier ship then . 
  exactly . 
  wtf . 
  that 's fucking retarded . 
  i do n't care what anyone says , that 's simply bad design . 
  if i use a mod or captain skill of `` add x of this '' or `` reduce y of this '' , i expect it to do just that . 
  no ifs or buts . 
  the way wargaming approaches this is that they pick and choose what adds up , what multiplies and what does n't stack at all - all randomly ( it may not be random for them , but they do n't tell you so it might as well be random ) . 
   hello friend ,, 
   you have been directed to this page because you are using ad blocking software . 
  i does n't allow me to view the site while having adblock turned on . 
  yeah ... no . 
  see you , random site : never . 
   i feel like the website is probably perfectly fine with that, 
  sure . 
  i 'm not blaming them . 
  it 's just that it may not be the greatest idea to prevent your visitors from even seeing what the site is about and if it justifies turning off adblock . 
  i ca n't see the site even once unless i turn off adblock . 
  if that 's how they want to play , sure , why not , but the feeling is mutual . 
  while that 's funny by itself ( old , but funny ) , i fail to see the relevancy in this case ... ( and yes , i 'm overthinking this , but i 'm bored so here it goes ) :, 
  * i 'm not their customer . 
  * a random site with starcraft content ? 
  the customer service will probably be one guy , not two :p . if it even has one ... which is highly unlikely since it apparently does n't sell anything . 
  * i do n't care enough to turn off adblock - the next logical step is forget about it forever ( after ranting about it on reddit ) , not contacting the site .
