  so the `` effective '' distance could be much higher than 13.2 billion light years . 
  yes , that is what i realized after reading the wiki page . 
  but thanks , you summarized it nicely . 
  i 'm off to read more about red/blue shift now :d, 
  probably has some , those sinuses have seen things ... 
  the thing is , they do n't need arguments . 
  also add these :, 
  * not a big , well known franchise ( it 's really hard to give gta a low score because of politics , sjw or not sjw ), 
  * shortly following a movie well known for being accepted by most sjws ( as / u/liquid _ drumnbass above pointed out ) , but not having similar story building blocks and type of protagonists ( furiosa ), 
  is it worth it ? 
  that 's for you to decide , but you can always turn it off after 10 minutes . 
  i found it fascinating . 
  `` manchildren '' ? 
  who the fuck even uses that ... and what does it even mean ? 
  there are obviously many degrees of trolling , some of it can be harmless , calling the family of a dead child is probably the worst . 
  those people are deeply troubled by their own lives and lash out on others or have some mental disorder ( e.g. 
  sociopaths and psychopaths ) . 
  i would hardly call them manchildren , that implies they do n't know what they 're doing . 
  they know . 
  and enjoy it . 
   do you have a link to his youtube channel ( i 'm on mobile sorry ) . 
   without knowing though , we can only speculate how he would define a progressive and what exact ideas they champion . 
  progressivism is a well known ideology . 
  u.s. history.org explains the development of progressivism this way :, 
   the progressives were urban , northeast , educated , middle-class , protestant reform-minded men and women . 
  it was more of a movement than a political party , and there were adherents to the philosophy in each major party . 
  there were three progressive presidents -- theodore roosevelt , william howard taft , and woodrow wilson . 
  roosevelt and taft were republicans and wilson was a democrat . 
  what united the movement was a belief that the laissez faire , social darwinist outlook of the gilded age was morally and intellectually wrong . 
  progressives believed that people and government had the power to correct abuses produced by nature and the free market . 
  neo-progressivism is a more extreme version of that , updated to modern times and `` issues '' . 
  the vocal individuals supporting this ideology are often grouped by the name `` social justice activist '' or , pejoratively , `` social justice warrior '' as social justice is one of the core concepts of neo-progressivism . 
  as for the `` particular man 's view '' on social justice activists : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=us1ipnlsgyy ( yes , he calls them `` middle class extremists '' , which - given the content of the video - is not that hard to understand . ), 
   scare crow, 
  it is a scare crow to a degree you want it to be . 
  nothing in the video is untrue or fabricated . 
  it 's up to you to decide if the presented actions influence the society to a degree that it could have an influence on your life or the lives of your close ones ... that probably depends on where you live and who you are , but it 's absolutely apparent that those actions do influence politics of otherwise respectable institutions like universities . 
  make of that what you will . 
  the biggest issue with all this `` redpilling '' done by rational people is that the society at large tends to be empathetic and think that social justice is a good thing and worthy of support . 
  i mean , `` social justice '' sounds good , right ? 
  because of that , very few people realize what the problem actually is ( as it requires doing your own research ) . 
  the reality is that everyone is ( or should be ) for egalitarian society , but that 's not what the social justice activists want . 
  they do n't want `` marginalized '' people/races/genders to be equal to the rest of the population , they want them to have it easier than the rest because they 're `` opressed '' by `` white patriarchy '' and therefore need to be provided with the tools and advantages to overcome this `` white patriarchy '' . 
  and for this goal , they 're willing to dehumanize and bully anyone that is not a part of the `` opressed '' group ( i.e. 
  is `` privileged '' , regardless of their actual income and social status ) and has a different opinion than them . 
  as for the members of the `` opressed '' groups that disagree with them ? 
  they consider them damaged and not representative . 
  google `` internalized racism '' and `` internalized misogyny '' , which are terms frequently used by social justice activists to discredit opposition . 
  remarkable stuff . 
  no shit . 
  and their prime minister is the world champion of douchebaggery . 
  i wonder how does that happen . 
  but , but , but ... male gaze !, 
  i 'm honestly surprised a developer of larian caliber peddles this 50 % nonsense . 
  i 'd expect that such a group of smart people would be able to look up relevant articles and studies , especially when it involves their future profits and lives . 
  in the face of hard statistical evidence ( google and facebook numbers ) , they instead look for `` explanations '' in questioning the statistics and trying to find a way to appeal to a non-existent market ( `` wrong channels '' / `` how do we talk to them '' ) . 
   we should at least be seeing a 50/50 split , not a 5/95 or 10/90, 
  no , you should not . 
  for christ sake , it 's even conventional wisdom - how many women do you know personally that play videogames ? 
  and how many of those you know play videogames like hardcore pc strategies or crpgs ? 
  women like that exist , but they will be well within those 5 % to 10 % . 
  like the relevant studies suggest . 
  or there may be people in this world that do n't share the ideals of a person who goes to help people half across the world when that person could have helped the fellow citizens in need in a local area far more cost-effectively and effort-effectively . 
   just last year , the national poverty rate rose to include 13.2 % of the population . 
  1 in 7 people were at risk of suffering from hunger in the united states . 
  in addition , 3.5 million people were forced to sleep in parks , under bridges , in shelter or cars . 
  people look away when it suits them and then they try to ease their conscience by doing shit like this ( going to nepal ) . 
  as if you can somehow do more good there than in your home town . 
  well guess what , life is a bitch and people can be horrible anywhere . 
  and that , dear reader , is why `` hard to feel sorry '' and `` she deserved it '' is not the same thing . 
  the . 
   these are people literally running for their lives, 
  you are a fucking idiot . 
  they 're running from hungary to germany . 
  they 're running for money . 
  at this point i 'm just waiting for fireworks ... 
  all that needs to be said , really . 
  intel can do whatever the fuck they want , if they see value in this kind of pr , it 's their bussiness . 
  we can disagree with them and we can call out their bullshit , but ultimately , the most a person can do is to not buy intel products , do not endorse their products ( at your workplace etc. ), 
  and sell their shares , if you have any . 
  i understand that some of the actions i listed above are not financially viable or rational ( intel is , after all , the market leader ) without looking at the politics . 
  but please , do n't shit on them unless you 're willing to act , otherwise you 're being a hypocrite . 
  ( i see this waaaay too often , people say stuff like `` well , i do n't like nvidia 's practices with gameworks , but , but ... 970 is so good right now :( '' and that 's is . 
  they keep buying nvidia cards . 
  which makes any criticism coming from them just useless crying without action . ), 
   i wonder how ghazi will spin this one ? 
   stuff like this, 
  stuff like what ? 
  what are you even trying to say ? 
  the only one giving the person in question any relevancy is you . 
  it 's a random dude spewing random nonsense and you are trying to mix that up with the czech republic as a whole . 
  you twisted f. . . , ehh , pardon me , i meant * individual * . 
   the reason the czech republic would never be on par with more progressive european countries . 
  what ? 
  progressivism has nothing to do with the efficiency of a state or even capitalism itself for that matter . 
  you 're pulling shit out of your ass . 
  or are you just talking about some of those precious [ neo-progressive values ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=us1ipnlsgyy ) the czech republic `` would never be on par with '' ? 
  if so , well thank god for that . 
  shit . 
  i 'm a retard .
