  meaning when something happens/someone gets outraged , everyone knows about it . 
  i 'm sure it does n't help that a lot of the big ( regressive ) leftist sites have offices in the sf area . 
  aaaanyway , yeah , these days you can read sjw bullcrap anywhere , the media became infested with it ... rolling stone , mtv , time , vice ... the whole vox media ( with gems like re/code , polygon or vox ) , gawker ... even the likes of guardian ... all of those i mentioned ( and many , many more ) published articles ( written by their own editors , so not a `` random blogger '' situation going on here like with the forbes ) deeply rooted in the ideologies of 3rd wave feminism and regressive left in general . 
  it 's fucking scary and in a way , i envy those who are still oblivious to it . 
  i basically ca n't read anything from half the internet ( that i know ) without my brain noticing bullshit and pointing out the numerous ways of the regressive left propaganda . 
  definitely too many hugs . 
  300k seems like a lot ( compared to how other pc indie titles are doing according to steamspy ) , have you considered denuvo and if so , is it prohibitively expensive ? 
  btw `` for every sale on pc there are 4 pirates '' seems like an awesome ratio , i do n't know about indies , but unprotected single player aaa titles tend to be closer to a 1 in 10 ratio . 
  this is not surprising for people aware of regressive left tactics and sjw behavior . 
  you see , the jews are considered white and therefore on the top of [ the progressive stack ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcp-ph3jtwa ) . 
  a significant portion ( if not the majority ) of the regressive left considers the jews to be the oppressors of the muslims ( never mind that islam is a religion ; for sjws anyone brown from the middle east is a muslim ) and 99 % of the support of this poorly though out belief comes from the conflict in gaza . 
  btw this is the same reason why feminists and sjws tried to sweep the cologne attacks under the rug and why many of them defended the muslims after the cat was out of the bag . 
  in their view , muslims are brown & oppressed , which makes them pretty much the top dog in the oppression olympics ... so , anything a muslim does wrong is `` because they do n't know better '' and `` it 's their culture '' , i.e. 
  not their fault and it 's up to us to teach them not to rape ( i wish i was joking ) . 
   the safest isreal can ever be is by resolving the palestine/israeli conflict peacefully, 
  i do n't think you realize the level of hatred muslims feel toward jews . 
  even somewhat westernized muslim states ( iran , for example ) insist that israel has no right to exist . 
  i do n't care for the palestine/israel conflict enough to take a side ( so i wo n't , because i simply do n't have enough information ) , but it 's naive to think that resolving the conflict will make israel safe ( not to mention that the conflict is going on for pretty much 20 years with no end in sight ... one has to think that if a peaceful solution was easy it would have happen by now ) . 
  25k/month already ... pretty damn good ... 
  i mean , if they 're all contractors and do n't spend half of that money on an expensive office ... you already have 5 full time jobs at $ 4k/month + $ 5k/month on equipment ( where $ 5k is pretty generous and should not be required for more than a few months ) . 
  plus , unlike gt , they 'll have close to zero running costs as they do n't have a massive site swallowing thousands just in hosting costs . 
  competition is always good , however , people should realize that the restructured crytek is small compared to epic ( and unity ) , so platform support and/or timely bug fixing and/or documentation has to suffer . 
  not to mention that a significant amount of their senior engine programmers left ( mainly for id software and cloud imperium games - including their lead graphics engineer tiago sousa ) . 
  i love to see that crytek seems to be back on their feet , but people should do a decent amount of research of an engine before going in . 
  ce5 has yet to prove itself , in my opinion . 
  best things in life are often forbidden, 
  inb4 this gets posted to some dump like shitredditsays , where the crazed locals will unironically comment on how misogynistic the op is . 
  akhilesh gannava ** rapu ** - oh wow , what a triggering name !, 
  preposterous !, 
  ok , downvote time considering the sub i 'm posting this in ( if you downvote , at least post why you think i 'm wrong ) , but ... 
  i 've seen this live and that pause in the stream was so unprofessional . 
  who decides to stream for 2 hours ... while they 're expecting a package delivery ? 
  i do n't care about tb 's streams , but i am subbed to his channel and i happened to notice the `` i 'm streaming dark souls 3 right now '' announcement video . 
  since i 'm going to buy ds3 , but i did n't know anything about the changes they made and i wanted to see the graphics and pc performance , i decided to watch . 
  i watch for half an hour ( 10mins of which is the character creator ) and then he pauses the stream for an indeterminate amount of time `` cuz something dogs something package '' ... it must have been at least 20 minutes or half an hour in the end . 
  thanks for wasting my time . 
  oh and while we 're on this topic : am i the only one who finds his interaction with the chat a bit too ... condescending ? 
  the man has isolated himself from all avenues of critique except youtube like/dislike ratio and the interactions with his ( paying ) twitch chat subs seem to be for the most part composed of `` you do n't know anything '' , `` idiots '' , `` this is not a qa session '' , `` do n't give advice , nobody asked for it '' . 
  granted , i do n't watch that many twitch streams , but this is the first time i 've seen such a level of disdain being diplayed towards a streamer 's audience . 
   tb did n't waste your time . 
  you 're the one who chose to keep sitting and watching a stream that was on pause . 
  you could have , i do n't know , closed the stream and watched something else ? 
  yes , that makes a lot of sense ... 
  pause of an indeterminate length ( could be a minute , could be an hour ) and your response is `` you could have closed the stream and watched something else '' ... when i clearly stated that i was interested in ds3 . 
  do n't even make me start on the whole `` something else '' issue . 
  twitch is not a fucking tv for me . 
  anyways , your poorly thought out response out of the way ... 
  i obviously did n't twiddle my thumbs the entire time ( i actually started doing some work during the pause ) , my point is that a ( professional ) broadcaster has left and did n't say for how long . 
  the pause took a quarter of the stream and its legth was poorly communicated ( in this case not communicated at all ) . 
  there you go , unprofessional . 
  the next time i happen to see an announcement on yt i 'll make damn sure i 'm very interested in the game tb is streaming before i decide to watch . 
  ps : whoever uses an excuse of `` you could have gone outside '' as a defense of anything is instantly a child in my eyes . 
  just so you know . 
  this is some `` i 'm in high school , i have nothing else to do other than to play mmos the whole day and now i 'm mad that my favourite mmo is not working right now '' level of bs . 
  this kind of infantile ~ ~ shit ~ ~ behavior is what i 've seen on gaming forums in my early 20s . 
  i 'm almost 30 now , i have a job , a life and bills to pay . 
  when i decide to invest my time into entertainment , it 's entertainment i actively decided to engage in ( and make time for ) and therefore it 's only logical that i will not be going to be pleased when people ask of me to ... 
  i do n't know ... walk the fucking dog instead of watching something i decided to watch . 
  your entire post reads like a post from ~ ~ either a blind fan or ~ ~ someone who has not yet developed an appreciation of the value of his free time . 
  edit : typos . 
   tb does n't stream `` professionally '', 
  well , twitch and youtube are his job . 
  it 's what pays his bills . 
  he 's a professional whether or not he actually behaves professionally . 
  you could ( successfully ) argue that many `` bedroom broadcasters '' do n't behave professionally even though they 're being paid , but i 'm simply expecting more from tb ... 
  i 'm expecting more based on the professionalism displayed on his yt channel ( which extends even to things like ethics and disclosure ) . 
  well , i try ( wows is by far my most played game in the last year , before that , it was battlefield 4 ... it 's safe to say that when i decide to play some mp game , it 's usually for at least a year ) , but work and rl gets in the way . 
  sorry , i have no intention of insulting anyone , reply or pm me what you consider an insult ( blind fan ? ), 
  and i 'll remove it ( or at least rephrase :p ) and delete this post . 
  yeah , got carried away there a bit , kinda a personal issue of mine . 
  i 'll not escalate it any further . 
  thanks for not deleting a dissenting opinion straight away ( as is - sadly - the norm in many specialized subreddits ) . 
  some guy wrote this on gamespot :, 
   it probably sold bad because its about children with cancer ... . . who the **** wants to play something that depressing . 
   games are supposed to be fun and have gameplay , both of which this game lacks . 
  i have to say ... he 's not wrong . 
  ( edit : at the end of the day , you 're creating a piece of entertainment media and asking money for it . 
  it does n't exist in a vacuum and has to compete with other games , regardless of how serious its message may be . ), 
  in what way exactly is this even remotely funny ? 
  * people interested in the game are still going to buy it . 
  most likely because ... you know , they actually tried the game and liked it . 
  * the sjws do n't really care about the game , but unlike the consumers of the product , they control the media . 
  make no mistake , this was a calculated move , a hand picked instance of blizzard actually choosing to collect social justice brownie points . 
  if they just ignored these posts ( as i 'm sure they do in 99 % of the cases ) , nothing would happen . 
  no one forced their hand . 
  so why did they react ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's because of two factors , 1 ) the small one : at this point , blizzard has to be decently infiltrated by individuals subscribing to the ideologies of the regressive left , so a sacrificial lamb from time to time should keep them in check . 
  the suits are not idiots . 
  2 ) the big one : the vast majority of the ~ ~ gaming ~ ~ press is either left-leaning or full on regressive , blizzard knows this , activision knows this . 
  pr is important and this will undoubtedly help them with positive coverage in the future . 
  again , the suits are not idiots . 
  we , the anti-regressives ( or gamergaters or whatever you 'd like call yourself ) , like to think that the opposition to the regressive left ideas is the whole mainstream society . 
  it 's not . 
  not really . 
  the mainstream does n't give a shit . 
  the mainstream is still very much oblivious to this cancerous set of ideas that is festering right under their noses . 
  it may have changed a bit as a side effect of all the trump hoopla ( glaringly obvious press bias against him , all the footage of bernie supporters blocking roads , spewing '' [ you fucking white male !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dijnybk0mw ) '' and other regressive nonsense ) , but that 's still just a drop in the ocean . 
  if the mainstream does n't give a shit , the companies do n't give a shit either . 
  throwing a bone to the regressives in the current climate can only help , standing your ground and * actually * preserving the `` artistic integrity '' can have consequences , so nobody does it .
