back in '88 he was part of the revolutionaries . 
  fidesz started out as a libertarian , anti communist party . 
  for the benefit of non-hungarian speakers fidesz stands for fiatal demokrat\u00e1k sz\u00f6vets\u00e9ge - alliance of young democrats . 
  funny how they managed to wrong every word in the party title . 
  they 've grown old , they 're autocratic and undermining democratic institutions . 
  i should n't have been so brazen with my statements . 
  to be quite honest , when it comes to hungarian politics i 'm also grasping at straws . 
  you 're right , i stand corrected . 
  i apologize , that first line was indeed a cheap shot and uncalled for . 
  i guess our real disagreement is in our view of the opposition . 
  you say it 's the same animal . 
  as i see it , the left side of the old guard , mszp is already sunk . 
  this should be good news , but the new parties taking its place are something worse than corrupt : incompetent . 
   i 'm just saying that the fact that he was elected does n't mean that he ca n't be a dictator . 
  most dictators were elected too . 
  if that was all your point , than sure , i can agree . 
   and while he might have supermajority in the parliament , he got that with only a relative majority of the votes , meaning that ** more than a half of the country voted for someone else . 
  ** emphasis mine . 
  that is definitely false . 
  non-voters are not voting on anyone , they delegate their voting power to active voters . 
  people who rather not vote at all , than to vote on the opposition or fidesz , play an active part in the rising of extremist parties , like jobbik . 
  and so was most governments in democracies ever since . 
  in hindsight , with the power of knowing history , it 's easy to call out past dictators . 
  the point is , you need something more substantial for such a serious accusation , than `` putin used similar rhetoric '' ( who 's also an elected official , albeit in admittedly dubious circumstances ) . 
   i have repeatedly said that the left before him was economically as bad as orban 's government . 
   and yes i 'm biased . 
  i am 22 , i lived 5 years in belgium , 5 years in sweden , 1 year in france and traveled throughout europe , north america and africa . 
  i lived exactly half my life in hungary . 
   i moved back 2 years after orb\u00e1n took the power . 
  at 20 years old living abroad , apart from visiting a few times i could only read the news , and i supported him , i believed in him . 
   but coming back , and living here showed me the true nature of this regime . 
  democracy is at stake here . 
  i must admit , i chuckled a bit reading that . 
  rich kid travelling the world , returning to his poor home country to tell us things are bad . 
  i 'll try to not make further snide comments , we 'll see how that goes . 
   `` that 's what putin would say '' . 
  that 's what putin says about internal opposition as well ( foreign funded people ) , read any of his speeches . 
  do n't understand why you have to pick on that . 
  i doubt there is a single eu leader who has said anything like this so far . 
  i pick on that because it 's meaningless . 
  it 's cosmetics compared to the meddling with the constitution and governmental powers . 
  weak arguments like this only draw attention from real issues and provide easy-to-deflect , softball attacks that make the orb\u00e1n government 's job easier . 
  the opposition parties are doing the same , focusing on trivialities , like statues that can be misinterpreted and derailing serious discussion about funding and background studies of paks ii with wild green anti-nuclear activism . 
  things like the pushing of state religion and the constitution are already out of the public discourse . 
   i did n't call him dictator , i called orb\u00e1n a `` nationalistic politican with dictatorial tendencies '' . 
  he is not a dictator , but in my opinion if it were only up to him he 'd much rather have the powers putin has than merkel . 
  prove me otherwise of the things he has done , or said so far , in any of his speeches inside hungary . 
  `` the moon 's made out of cheese . 
  prove me otherwise ! '', 
  that 's not how arguments work . 
  `` in my opinion , if it was up to him ... '' yeah , that 's gon na make a strong case . 
  it 's true that you did n't ( directly ) call him a dictator , and i apologize for attributing that line to you . 
  i agree with the rest . 
  i was gon na make some more snide comments about internet activism and raising awareness , but frankly i agree . 
  but please refrain from accusing the government with blatant falsehoods , that only plays in their narrative of `` us against the world '' . 
  i 'm sorry for being mean , we 're probably on the same side . 
  but frankly , at this point i 'm more angry with the opposition 's utter incompetence than orb\u00e1n 's power grab . 
  at least fidesz is getting things done , even if they 're stuffing their pockets in the mean time . 
  that 's a nice sensationalist write up . 
  before i get downvoted to oblivion , i should mention i do n't like orb\u00e1n 's government either . 
  our secularist constitution was butchered , christian values were put in forefront . 
  the separation of powers and the fine system of brakes and counterweights is undermined . 
  there 's plenty to criticize , but to call an elected president ( with supermajority no less ) a dictator ? 
  that 's utter bs . 
  and picking quotes and adding `` that 's what putin would say '' ? 
  leave that kind of sensationalism to tabloids . 
  sadly this kind of substance-less populism is not just what young dreamy activist think , it 's the narrative pushed by the opposition parties . 
  the last paragraph has pretty much nothing to do with the current government . 
  here 's a [ nyt article ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/1987/07/30/world/hungary-seeks-way-to-cut-high-suicide-rate.html ) about the hungarian government fighting high suicide rate . 
  it 's from 1987 . 
  this problem goes back in the '60s . 
  shrinking population and the brain drain are also problems that predate today 's political parties . 
  the stagnating economy is something the eu-friendly mszp also failed to tackle , despite having two consecutive mandates to do so . 
  the very reason fidesz is in power is because the former mszp pm , gyurcs\u00e1ny 's scandalous speech , admitting that they were `` stealing , cheating and lying '' during their governance . 
  does that mean these issues should n't be tackled ? 
  hell no . 
  but blaming everything on orb\u00e1n and dragging hungary through the dirt in front of public opinion only helps to muddy the issue and poison serious debate . 
  that 's how orb\u00e1n got into power . 
  after the previous pm , gyurcs\u00e1ny 's controversial [ speech in \u00d6sz\u00f6d ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gyurcsany_speech_on_2006-05_in_balatonoszod ) people cared , protested and he was eventually removed . 
  fidesz won a landslide victory in the following election . 
  i am disappointed with orb\u00e1n 's government , but they seem to be the least bad option , as terrible as it sounds . 
  oh come on , this is just grasping at straws . 
  yeah , he 's not a hollywood actor . 
  he 's the mayor of a little hungarian town , near the border to serbia . 
  they made a cool little video about their police force that went viral . 
  it has some pretty nice camerawork , some nice editing . 
  the tone of the montage may seem a little comical considering the scale . 
  frankly , it has better production quality than many of our daytime tv shows . 
  i mean , if you want to show us how not to sound like a first grader , here 's [ vocaroo ] ( http://vocaroo.com/ ) , give it a go !, 
  it 's not like they had several months to prepare while the fence was being built . 
  i 'm not seeing it . 
  he seems to speak normally to me , other than being deliberately articulate and paced , - but i do n't see how that could be construed as pretentious . 
  is n't most of the croatian section natural border ? 
  drava and mura might be enough of a natural obstacle . 
  not sure what the water levels are . 
  it 's a fence designed and built to nato standards . 
  yeah , fences and razor wires are not magic . 
  not sure what people expected here . 
  these physical barriers are not meant to stop trespassers by themselves like some kind of fantastical forcefield . 
  they are meant to slow , throttle and expose trespassers .
