  together with the clearing around the barrier they make guarding the border more feasible . 
  in the linked picture you see a group of illegals moving under the razor wire one by one , spending more time at the patrolled area than they would if they could run through unhindered , thus risking a higher chance of capture . 
  this is what these physical barriers are meant to accomplish . 
  they are a complement of border protection , not it 's sole element . 
  also , this is not the fence , just the initial barrier ( and clearing ) that was established in the last two ( ? ), 
  months . 
  iirc the fence is only expected to be completed by december . 
  no , but the prospect of getting caught and sent to a hungarian refugee camp instead of getting to live on nice western european benefit system does . 
  asylum seekers want to be registered in richer countries , not hungary . 
  the increased risk of getting caught and registered here , i think , is the real and intended incentive to get the asylum seekers to enter through a different country , not the physical barrier itself . 
  that 's the whole point , as i understand it . 
  get asylum seekers to enter through a different eu country and register there , so they 're not hungary 's problem . 
  something something dublin regulation . 
  here 's a [ map of dublin signatories ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_regulation#/media/file:dublin_regulation.svg ) . 
  eat less gassy foods maybe ? 
  yep , the silk road will enter europe through turkey . 
  found [ this ] ( http://knowledge.ckgsb.edu.cn/2015/03/24/finance-and-investment/mapping-the-new-silk-road/ ) bit after a little googling . 
  according to their map turkey , iran , turkmenistan , touching uzbekistan tajikistan kyrgyzstan and through kazakhstan to china seems to be the route . 
  yes , the variable nature of wind and photovoltaic require compensation , either by other load following producers or energy storage . 
  the problem with load following compensation is that you need enough capacity to cover the minimum of the variation , which in this case is practically zero . 
  this means that parallel to the renewable capacity , you need to maintain an equal capacity of load followers , like gas turbines . 
  load followers are also generally less efficient than baseload plants . 
  on the other hand , power grid scale energy storage is an actual unsolved technological problem ( unlike , say , the geological storage of spent nuclear fuel ) , unless you have massive hydro capacity at your disposal , like austria . 
  i also like how hard the title tries to present this fact as a positive . 
  germany had no shopping on sundays since forever , - just as switzerland or norway , - so this might not be the best opportunity to blame `` populist nutjobs '' . 
  well , his name is in bold right below the title . 
  after the bolded preface , the article starts by referring to hungarians in first person plural , so i 'm pretty sure it 's not from an american or czech point of view . 
   prague based us aspen institute opinion maybe i 'm misreading the attribution , but is n't that opinion piece also by the same former liberal minister , b\u00e1lint magyar ? 
  actually , in most eu countries border security is in the jurisdiction of the police force . 
  edit : to expand on this point , an amendment of the law was necessary to allow the hungarian military to participate in the border security at all , [ see hungarian article ] ( http://www.origo.hu/itthon/20150915-jogi-utvesztoben-a-hatarvedelemre-vezenyelt-katonak.html ) . 
  i also did n't state that border security is unconventional . 
  i brought up an example ( other than the current migrant situation ) , where special circumstances required the presence of special forces in border security . 
  conventional roles can have non-conventional elements in extraordinary circumstances , like the dissolution of a neighboring state , or an unprecedented event of mass migration . 
  what exact competences our special forces utilize in this situation i do n't know , and might not be public information . 
  however , their role in handling mass migration ( and international terrorism ) are explicitly mentioned in their [ manifesto ] ( http://www.honvedelem.hu/szervezet/mh_2_kulonleges_rendeltetesu_ezred ) . 
  handling unconventional tasks is one of the primary missions of the special forces ; it is declared as such in their mission statement . 
  participating in border security is not unprecedented either , special forces also took part in the protection of our southern borders during key events of the dissolution of yugoslavia . 
   [ sic ] of hungary was n't on schengen or in the way , no one would even look twice and going through there , ler alone stopping there . 
  but as it happens we * are * in schengen and we * are * part of the balkan route of mass migration , and migrants * do * try to get through here . 
   =  hungary builds fence  ... 
  refugees still came in mass [ not through hungary they do n't ] ( http://police.hu/hirek-es-informaciok/hatarinfo/elfogott-migransok-szama-lekerdezes?honap%5bvalue%5d%5byear%5d=2015&amp;honap%5bvalue%5d%5bmonth%5d=10 ) obviously fences only work where you build them ; slovenia refused to do that , so the migrants streamed in through there . 
   =  austria puts up refugee cap  refugees still came in mass which is why physical barriers are necessary , asking nicely is not enough . 
   =  all balkan countries build fences  hundred thousands refugees stranded in greece again , sounds like fences work just fine  =  eu-turkey deal after over half a year of failed attempts to handle the situation and over a million illegal entries later , the eu finally implements ( seemingly so far ) an effective border control in greece . 
  looks like [ sea borders can be protected after all ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/refugee-crisis-uk-warship-dispatched-to-aegean-sea-to-turn-back-migrants-a6916106.html ) , and ships can be turned back . 
   what countries are you talking about ? 
  countries with significant islamic population , like the ones you listed . 
  or to be more specific , eu countries welcoming an ever increasing islamic population into their own society . 
  is it really the goal of islamist terrorism to `` balloon '' our defense budget , maybe even to the nato minimum of 2 % gdp , which most eu countries do n't reach ? 
  is it really their goal to improve surveillance in europe , so that the belgian secret service is no longer likened to naive children by their american counterparts ? 
  is the goal of islamist terrorism really to turn western society into a slightly different western society ? 
  is it not their goal to show defiance , strength , to show they can kill on foreign soil without repercussions ? 
  is the best response really to ignore the punches , or even apologize , whimpering , as we are knocked to the ground ? 
  and if that is the case , why is it that the countries most welcoming to them are the ones getting hit again and again , as opposed to ones where openly hostile foreign cultures are not indulged ? 
  but then where would the organism accumulate ? 
  if it 's in the plumbing system it needs to be already at a concentration to be effective , otherwise it just gets flushed out . 
  and if it 's already at the necessary concentration , it kind of defeats the point of such a self replicating organism . 
  not an expert , but something that can replicate in tap water to such an extent without being detected * and * be infectious to humans with a deadly effect seems to be a bit of a tall order . 
  not to mention that there are much more convenient insertion points , with no security and high human density , such as public transport . 
  if the substance needs ingestion , i think it would be much easier to get a job at mcdonalds and spike drinks , than get access to such a relatively high security facility like a water treatment plant and be able to dump sufficient amount of substance that it is not diluted below a critical level , but also remain undetected . 
  it 's chemistry . 
  wood and agricultural feed ( or biomass if you will ) use the same base reactions to produce energy as coal . 
  any impurities in the fuel result in imperfect burning , additional pollution and reduced efficiency . 
  while coal quality is a complex subject , to put it simply , the farther ahead plant material is in the coalification process , the more efficient and cleaner it burns . 
  this is due to the concentration of carbon content and reduction of water content during coalification . 
  antracit is as good as it gets with carbon content of around 90 % and higher and very dry . 
  lignit has around 60-70 % carbon content and fairly high inherent water content and other impurities , - this is why it 's important to reduce lignit 's share in energy production . 
  biomass is off the charts bad , with coal content around and below 50 % and very high moisture ( and generally wildly varying quality ) . 
  this means very inefficient burning , - a large fraction of the chemical energy is taken up by the phase change of the water content . 
  the reason biomass is mistakenly considered low carbon or even `` carbon neutral '' is not due to any sound scientific reasoning but by the mental gymnastics that planting trees on the other side of the world somehow offsets the burning of badly polluting waste wood here . 
  of course it does n't matter to the environment how the pollutants get in the atmosphere , you might just as well plant trees for every tonne of burned coal , and you would be better off too . 
  another argument biomass proponents bring up is that burning wood is `` renewable '' energy , - as if running out of coal was a concern to begin with . 
  the * proved reserves * ( coal that is discovered and economically mineable with today 's technology ) in germany alone could feed the world 's coal need for over 40 years , the proved reserves of the world will last for nearly a thousand years , and of course this amount steadily increases with the improvement of mining technology and finding new coal seams . 
  for better or worse , cheap coal will be a thing for a very long time , as far as supply is concerned . 
  the reduction in brown coal plateaus around 2000 ( that 's when spd announced plans for nuclear phase out ) and increases in the next 3 years as they shut down a couple nuclear plants . 
  the same repeats after 2011 . 
  worse than that , in 2000 burning biomass is introduced . 
  biomass , while renewable in a sense , is a worse pollutant than coal , offsetting any gains made by coal reduction in the last 25 years . 
  the reason storing nuclear waste comes up at all , is because nuclear waste can be stored to begin with , unlike the end products of burning fossil fuels . 
  to bring that up as a negative from an environmental perspective is absurd . 
  besides , the amount of nuclear waste produced by nuclear power is minuscule , - other industries produce and store environmentally dangerous materials in orders of magnitude higher quantities , often in open reservoirs , with little to no regulatory oversight . 
  no one is vouching that the 77 million tons of highly caustic red mud produced every year by the aluminium industry , and stored in open reservoirs that need constant monitoring and maintenance , will be safe should the government fail , - just to mention one of the countless industries handling large amounts of dangerous materials . 
  ines is meant as a shorthand communication tool between technical personnel and the public/media about the security implications of safety significant events . 
  it is not usable as a tool for comparing the magnitude , intensity and the success of handling of events between different facilities . 
  to quote from the [ iaea 's description ] ( http://www-ns.iaea.org/tech-areas/emergency/ines.asp ) of the purpose and applicability of ines :  it is not appropriate to use ines to assess or to compare safety performance between facilities , organizations or countries . 
  yes , but they also invited australia ( easy mistake ) and israel ( not so much ) as contestants . 
  i do n't think they can be trusted on issues of geography . 
   you know what the two major accidents in nuclear history have in common ? 
  is it that both happened over 30 years ago ? 
  or that neither of them would make the top 100 most deadly industrial accidents ? 
  or that both were caused by the incompetence of a communist regime ? 
  you did mean the chernobyl and [ kyshtym ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kyshtym_disaster ) disasters , right ? 
  surely you did n't mean fukushima , that had the death toll of a bad car accident . 
  ah yes , the terrible fukushima disaster with a death toll of 6 ( two of those heart failures , none related to radiation ) , initiated by the t\u014dhoku earthquake , with a death toll of over 15000 . 
  people who see consistency in her migrant policy seem to have a rather [ short memory ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4bvfohf8jk ) . 
  she made a similar [ u-turn ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/out-of-control-merkel-gambles-credibility-with-nuclear-u-turn-a-752163.html ) on nuclear energy some five years ago . 
  i do n't think she ever had a spine . 
  ^ edit : ^ replaced ^ paywalled ^ article , ^ thanks ^ automod . 
  so is putting words in others ' mouth . 
  comfortable ?!, 
  how do you think products get from a to b ?
