  anyhow , my point was that `` german = nazi '' is not only oversimplification , but even factually not true . 
  yes , some were nazis . 
  some approved them all the way . 
  some tagged all along . 
  some voted for one reason or another . 
  and  60 % of people voted against them . 
  many people of that time would be considered insert-buzzword-here by today 's progressive standards . 
  aside from we , many people today would be considered insert-buzzword-here by those standards ... 
  even if what you 're saying was true , less than half of population voted for them . 
  look at how people vote today . 
  many people just want to show middle finger and vote against rather than for . 
  many people vote without knowing full well what the party is representing . 
  i doubt people in 30s were much more political and better informed than today . . 
  . . even in worst case , less than half of population voted for that . 
  how many people are saying they 'll vote for afd just because they want to show middle finger to merkel/gov/whatever ? 
  how many people voted for brexit/trump/etc for similar reason ? 
  people were not that much different in 30s compared to today . 
  that 's exactly what russia would love you to think on a more serious note , russia has a history of doing false flag operations . 
  i would n't be surprised if they pulled shit like this . 
  although i would n't be surprised if this was false false flag operation , staged to look like false flag . 
  that may turn out to just be false false false op !, 
  yep . 
  although regarding `` brain drain '' , centralised funding would fix this stealing-free-education issue . 
  but eu is far too diverse to manage the curriculum in a centralised manner . 
  some audition of where money go would be good though . 
  that would be nice wether centralised funding was a thing or not though ... 
  that 's why it 's good to check controversial or even most down voted posts/comments too . 
  regarding news websites overall , i find it important to follow news as they come in rather than read concentrated `` what to know '' style reports . 
  mh17 is prime example . 
  few hours after , it seemed pretty clears rebels had posted they have access to buk and they even reported taking down an airplane about the time mh17 crashed . 
  both were on twitter . 
  although now deleted , it 's damn easy to recover them from twitter logs and backups . 
  turns out 2 + 2 ! = 4 . 
  the aftermath was super interesting to follow . 
  both how international diplomacy worked and how it unfolded in different nations . 
  or russia did false flag operation . 
  spread rumour that they 're closing the school . 
  once it 's widely reported , pretend it 's fake news ... next step would be to quietly close the school after 6 months , 
  yet nazis did n't get majority votes . 
  let alone that voting for nazis because they promise to make the country great again is different than voting to exterminate jews . 
  community is more long term thing rather than a group of individuals . 
  not sure if that 's the correct definition , but i was using it this way . 
  currently well-off areas would be already not as attractive to business if not supply of cheaper workers . 
  importing cheap workers makes less-well-off areas less suitable too . 
  you 're just proving the point . 
  community does n't benefit . 
  individuals do though . 
  the question is wether europe want to cram everybody into currently well-off areas or develop whole continent equally . 
  both ways are equally good on the bottom line in the long term . 
  depends on subjective lifestyle and philosophical preferences though . 
  and , arguably , individual vs corporate vs national wealth . 
  funding , not management, 
  how does community from those who do n't pay back that in taxes ? 
  community could spend those money on something else instead . 
  although they never got to real communism ( tm ) . 
  ussr evolved to more like state-owned socialism , run by party elite . 
  which is painfully close to fascism . 
  oh , and nationalism aspect was certainly there . 
  both in promoting russian stuff throughout union as well as in trying to build the soviet nation . 
  probably because poland/crown and gdl had separate governing structures at the time . 
  some laws were different too . 
  for example , gdl had it 's own general law ( statute ) all the way into 19th century . 
  what is interesting , it was valid even after separation and absorption into russian empire . 
  us help was already being delivered in 2nd part of 1941 . 
  the percentage depends on how you count . 
  if you count whole country output , including labour , yes , it may be as low as 6 % . 
  but if you count only highly specialised materials/equipment , then it gets much much bigger . 
  for example , us delivered to ussr nearly as much as it used up itself in european theatre . 
  not poles . 
  belarusians on the other hand ... 
  according to some of them , samogitia is + / - interwar lithuania . 
  while vilnius region and most of today 's belarus is the real lithuania . 
  and that gdl was started by today 's belarusians . 
  we just happened to steal the name and vilnius from them . 
  what is funniest , this seem to come from rather reputable people , not just total nutcases ... 
   using modern 20th century nationalist ideas to explain people from 18th century does n't work . 
  totally agree on this one . 
  even up to post-ww1 , it 's complicated . 
  i do n't have any sources to back it up , but i 've a feel quite a few post-ww1 poland heroes were much more pro-plc rather than pro-poland as nation state . 
  i guess quite a few of them would raise an eyebrow hearing today 's nationalists talking , from either side . 
   in order for us to agree on common narrative , belarus is going to have to refound and reestablish it 's identity as ( slavic ) lithuanian , something i sense will come with hostility from lithuanians . 
  nobody ( aside from few nuts , of course ) denies that gld had strong ruthenian influence . 
  general outlook towards belarus is somewhat reserved-but-positive . 
  they 're usually seen as unlucky relative who got lost and was abused a lot . 
  as long as belarus ( and probably west/north part of ukraine ) would be ruthenians who did sagnificant part in gdl - there would n't be much hostility if any . 
  however , when they start saying that it was nowadays belarus that was `` the real '' lithuanians and started gdl ... that wo n't fly . 
  i did n't read much into their explanations , but some historians i know say their claims are ridiculous . 
  another thing is how you define ethnicity . 
  rooted in a given location for ages ? 
  or based on what language parents speak ? 
  most of seemingly poles were polish-speaking locals . 
  yes , by 19th or even 18th century , some of them did n't speak other local languages/dialects but polish . 
  but their families were rooted in gdl territory for ages . 
   and pretty much everyone will say that those guys were polish/lithuanian/belarussian and this is true imo . 
  those guys are plc legacy . 
  all of us were in it together . 
  why would kosciu\u0161ka being lithuanian contradict being a patriot of plc ? 
  lithuanian part of plc was more or less happy with it all the way to mid 19th century . 
  yes , there was some tension once in a while . 
  but in general lithuanian nobility approved being in it with poles .
