  and highways should be optimised for safety and convenience , not for profits . 
  over there , we have a similar issue with central heating for apartments . 
  used to be city-owned . 
  leased to private companies now . 
  prices have skyrocketed and the agreed upgrades are not implemented in most cases . 
  after the term is over , city is left with run down infrastructure . 
  after overpaying for the whole term . 
  i kinda like concession though . 
  private capital builds road and then it 's tolled for a fixed term or till initial costs are paid off . 
  win-win if gov does n't have money for infrastructure . 
  but tolling the roads that were already built by gov. . . fuck that . 
  used to have a significant lithuanian minority . 
  sometimes called `` the little lithuania '' too . 
   it was founded by a czech king . 
  til . . care to expand on this ? 
  really interesting to hear how czechs see it . 
  must be a mistake in my wording . 
  he was working in a factory in lithuania before he fled to sweden . 
  asylum seekers get work permit in this country only . 
  afaik , it 's the same throughout eu . 
  once processed in one country , they ca n't apply in another country for asylum or any kind of benefits either . 
  that 's one of the reasons why most countries have hard time convincing migrants to relocate . 
  they rather sit in greece/italy and wait for offer to go to sweden or germany . 
  yes , all migrants who are accepted get work permit . 
  since we take in very limited numbers , processing is quite fast . 
  ca n't give any hard number , but i think it 's a month tops ? 
  the fleeing ones were 100 % past the processing and were accepted . 
  were was a comment from migration officer that technically they left legally . 
  they can travel for a limited period of time , 3 months i think . 
  but if they wo n't come back at certain date , their permits will be voided and payments cancelled . 
  i think technically all of our migrants still are on vacation . 
  first runaway cases started to appear in media in late summer/early fall . 
  so if grace period is 3 months , that should start running out soon . 
  i both agree and do n't with you . 
  yes , many mistakes are final and irreversible . 
  and people personally touched by them have all rights to be angry and do n't take any apologies . 
  yet i do n't see why should i be angry at people who not only have nothing to do with said ancestors but also genuinely apologised for their ancestors mistakes . 
  i 'd argue that making up for irreversible mistakes is actually even easier than for lesser mistakes . 
  other mistakes may require corrections which would be difficult . 
  but irreversible mistakes are just that . 
  ca n't do much else than say sorry , stay calm and let personally touched people die off in piece . 
  otherwise we 'd just proliferate the endless circle . 
  sorry , i 'm not a fan of collective punishment . 
  and calling people out for their ancestors ' mistakes is exactly that . 
  but if people keep riding on their ancestors ' mistakes , i 'll be pissed off . 
  not for their ancestors ' mistakes , but for today 's people own mistakes . 
  it was a natural sequence of the same story though . 
  and imposing the language have happened way before interwar . 
  for example the infamous `` god does n't speak lithuanian '' . 
   my point is that entire modern lithuanian national consciousness was builded on anti-polish sentiment . 
  it was built on gdl sentiment . 
  saying that lithuanian language is as good is not anti-plish sentiment . 
  unless you count any pro-lithuanian sentiment as anti-polish . 
   sorry , mate , but really polish army could size entire lithuania in like a week , really , let 's be serious . 
  the full blown polish army - yes . 
  the covert one that was operating in vilnius region in 1920 did n't have very easy walk . 
  poland did n't dare to deploy official army though . 
  which would undermine try to look like local insurgency . 
   there was a polish proporsal to make a plebiscite in all mixed territories , you of course refused . 
  because neither side trusted the other side to run fair plebiscite  and of course , unlike kaunas , was an important part of polish culture and history . 
  you mean gdl and later commonwealth culture and history ? 
  or is commonwealth = = poland for you and gdl played no part at all ? 
    paneriai was as lithuanian as certain death camps were polish . 
   how about no ? 
  how about yes ? 
  paneriai was run by nazis . 
  the only thing lithuanians did was some manpower . 
  some were forced to , some were just scum which exist in any place in the world   there were no pogroms against just till nazis came  no , also another one in 1930 i was talking about jewish pogroms . 
  paneriai was mostly jewish massacre and quite a few gypsies with little poles . 
  church knuckle fights between lithuanian and polish were super popular since at least 19th century . 
  the main topic was wether god understands lithuanian or not . 
   no , hating poles in lihuania was pretty much a thing since the birth of modern nationalism and rebirth of lithuania . 
  it only get worse . 
  if saying that we 're not poles and we have a different language is hating then yes . 
  and saying that church is wrong to push polish language . 
   also poland also was country-in-the-making . 
  and it was n't a backstabbe , conflict of vilnius was pretty much open , we just were stronger and we used it you mean france had your back ? 
  lithuanian army was actually advancing when france & co told us to stop . 
  there was quite a chance to take vilnius back . 
  anyway , it 'd have been kinda nice for you to keep old gdl and poland borders . 
  for the sake of old times . 
  `` poles population '' card was as valid for any city at the time as for vilnius . 
  kaunas had ~ similar percentage of poles and lithuanians as vilnius during ww1 . 
   also in fact lithuania never , literally never , have an actual control of vilnius until 1994 . 
  apparently grand duchy of lithuania never happened . 
    when are you going to say sorry about auschwitz ? 
    this is so stupid . 
  that i 'm not even going to explain , preach to deaf ears paneriai was as lithuanian as certain death camps were polish . 
  there were no pogroms against just till nazis came and there would n't be any death camps or massacres if not for nazis . 
  and paneriai would have happened even if every single lithuanian on earth would have stood against it . 
  which as i said was just the very last bits of the long story . 
  which started before nationalism was a thing at all . 
  when are you going to say sorry about auschwitz ? 
   sorry for `` defending '' as in occupying a part of country-in-the-making would be nice . 
  a buddy for literally ages backstabbing hurts worse than enemy attack . 
  there was not much bad blood before 1920 . 
  well , aside from occasional knuckles fight at a church . 
  or some nuts saying crazy shit . 
  hating poland/poles went mainstream in 1920s . 
  the reason is pretty obvious .
