  no same-sex marriage ? 
  no tax brackets ? 
  like ... none of the left-wing stuff was introduced . 
  a bunch of right-wing/free-market stuff got passed though . 
  anyhow , since left is not my cup of tea , i give them benefit of a doubt and say they 're the 2nd or 3rd ok party , depends wether you like liberals or not . 
  imo we 're way to early to vote based on ideology . 
  neither of major lithuanian parties truly follow any ideology . 
  they claim they do , but in reality they do n't seem to . 
  so i rate parties by oligarchy/corruption/sanity and willing to do things . 
  i hope one day i can vote based on ideology . 
  but i do n't see that day coming yet . 
  no idea if there 's any in english . 
  i can give you a quick very subjective tl ; dr. 2 of 3 top-rated parties are incompetent and/or oligarchs . 
  social democrats are left only in title , lots of ex-communists and some oligarchs . 
  villagers-greens is , well , as title says . . 
  some popular people and some straight out incompetent people , got popular in the last year . 
  3rd , conservatives , has it 's flaws too , but it 's ok compared to other 2 . . another 3 parties are on the line wether they 'll make the threshold or not . 
  2 of them are total bullshit oligarchs parties . 
  another 1 , liberals , was seen as the saviour a year ago . 
  but they got into a corruption scandal recently and lost the popular support . 
  in addition to that , they got a lot of incompetent-but-idealistic people . 
  which is both nice and not ... and then there 's a bunch of outlier parties . 
  2 of the top-3 parties are bound to form the coalition . 
  the socdemocrats + villagers is the worst case scenario . 
  but kinda likely , given their business interests align pretty well . 
  both would like to be friendly to russia too . 
  conservatives + socdemocrats rainbow coallition is well . . not likely . 
  imo that 'd be the best outcome though . 
  conservatives + villagers is the best possible realistic scenario . 
  that whould keep oligarchy in check and give at least somewhat competent government . 
  especially if liberals would join . 
  which is very likely , because conservatives and liberals usually work hand-in-hand . 
  all of this was evolutionary step by step though . 
  it 'd be nice to let our cultures keep evolving on their own . 
  rather than dumping totally different cultures on it . 
  another thing is , our cultures have some issues . 
  like low birth rate . 
  why do n't we work on fixing that ? 
  if european cultures are superior and immigrants would assimilate , we 're back at square 1 . 
  and unsustainable culture is going to die off sooner or later . 
  imo we have a lot of great things going for us . 
  while other regions are several steps behind . 
  i 'd love to find a way to fix our culture so that once other regions get to our point , there would be a known fix to modern culture issues . 
  otherwise we 'll be stuck in this shitty-or-unsustainable cycle for at least one more time . 
  do you think minor evolutionary changes in culture equals to totally different culture ? 
  i take it you do n't read much about our politics . 
  current crop as good laughing stock as yours . 
  if not worse . 
  hopefully this sunday parliament election will improve things at least a wee bit . 
  political/cultural colonisation is not exclusive from same flesh living there, 
  well , he said that poles were earlier than lithuanians . 
  and as we discussed in some earlier thread , even those poles he is arguing are `` earlier in recent times '' were polonised lithuanians . 
  so it 's just same people converting back and forth . 
  my point is there 're better arguments for polish case than this one . 
  let 's keep this a quality flamewar , 
  you said poles were earlier than lithuanians in some regions . 
  i 'm commenting purely on that . 
  it 's not like poles mass-migrated into nobody 's land , where lithuanians were extinct , even though they lived there for ages . 
  next time , do n't use dumb arguments like that . 
  there 're many better arguments for your cause . 
  yep . 
  but this one seemed too low hanging fruit to leave it there : /, 
  which regions ? 
  are you saying that poles started the lithuanian grand duchy ? 
  personal anecodates usually do n't count as reliable sources or examples ... 
  anyhow , grandpa was born in vilnius region well before ww2 . 
  i never heard him speak polish . 
  nor consume polish media . 
  russian media all the way . 
  i do n't speak proper russian , so i 've no idea how much non-russian was the language he mostly spoke in . 
  my uncle thought he learned polish from grandpa . 
  well , he was kinda surprised when he went to poland and could n't understand anything . 
  he later learned a wee bit proper polish though . 
  i also witnessed more than enough tourists trying to speak to locals in polish , them answering in po prostu and do n't understanding each other . 
  usually someone speaking english/german/polish would step in and help them communicate by translating to lithuanian or russian . 
  eu and/or ehc has ruled that lithuanian laws are compatible with that document . 
  that 's why eu never pushed for polish signs . 
  thing is that , according to that rule , polish language in lithuania was brought over rather than organically appeared . 
  the convention applies to historically ethnic regions . 
  apparently , according to them , polish is not rooted in vilnius region enough to require that protection . 
  the difference is national minorities vs. national communities . 
  poles in vilnius region counts as community only . 
  even if i found one , you could claim that the person talking is not the real tuteish . 
  because , after all , who is the real one ? 
  let alone that it 's not standardised language and varies from town to town . 
  hell , i heard some kids speaking half-lithuanian , half-russian with quite a few polish words thrown in . 
  while po prostu i used to hear 15 years ago is mostly russian with very few lithuanian and polish words . 
  i would n't be surprised if in some town it 's more leaning towards polish . 
  but if we 'd set a certain polonisation threshold , then tomashewski statistics would look not as good as now  i can provide you plenty of personal anecdotes but i doubt you 'd be interested in that . 
  probably young people who graduated from tomashewski schools and then went on to exchange programs . 
  or just those who feel super-polish and learned it on their own time . 
  the vast majority of those people do n't care enough to go to poland or even go to local tomashewski-run culture events . 
  in general , they care more about putin than anything poland related . 
  that 's why tomashewski is joining with russians party and showing off koloradki colors  and pervij baltiskij is much bigger than tv polonia . 
  you should go hang out by some bar or shop in a small town/village to hear the language . 
  or church . 
  tourists from poland do n't understand it though . 
  i was asked what language some old lady was trying to speak to them . 
  they realised it 's not lithuanian . 
  but they did n't recognise it even as a dialect of polish .
