  but i did n't saw ( or skipped in long bits of text ... ) on how any of them addresses the core issues . 
  they seem to be playing with minor issues which are barely an issue in the big picture . 
  well , aside from just making people change in a big way and fast . 
  hope we 'll have even more interesting discussion next time !, 
   you admitted that you have no real deep understanding of communism/socialism and probably have n't read a lot of literature from the far-left following such logic , only a devoted leftist could argue about this topic . 
  because any leftist defending it would have read more into it than someone for whom leftist stuff is only a part of wider topics a person is interested . 
  i certainly could n't get phd in leftist theories , but i hope it 's possible to talk about overall leftist ideas without knowing minutiae of all flavors . 
   you igore the changeable facts that human beeings went through development . 
  we are hardly comparable to people from 100 years . 
  i 'd argue that humans have exactly the same desires now as 100 or 1000 or 10 ' 000 years ago . 
  i do n't see how today 's people are less selfish than 100 or 1000 years ago . 
  all the time people care mostly about themselves and their own as well as give some up some selfishness for the sake of fairness . 
  which is selfish by itself , because people promote fairness just because they hope to benefit from it themselves . 
  of course , there 're always some people truly being selfless . 
  be it ngos now or monks before . 
  but that 's an exception rather than a rule . 
  as for classes , ussr was more or less classless right after revolution . 
  yet it evolved into full-blown caste-like society in half a century . 
  humans had perfect chance at establishing a classless society yet it failed miserably . 
  and i 'm not talking about post-ussr wild capitalism . 
  late ussr was no less , if not more , classful than many western societies . 
  of course , you could say i hinge on historical examples and i should look into what this and that person wrote . 
  but this is exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  there 's a lot of theory written . 
  it sounds nice on paper . 
  especially in isolated environment . 
  yet it does n't work in practice so far . 
  leftist movements relies on a faith that humans can change from the core . 
  harry potter universe could happen too if humans would change from the core and gain superpowers . 
  sorry i 'm not discussing everything in-depth . 
  reddit is not very suitable form for such talks . 
  following many in-post sub-threads is just painful and i do n't want to split hairs too much . 
  anyhow , i guess you see the point i 'm trying to make . 
  hope it was interesting for you to hear a different opinion . 
  i definitely enjoyed challenging my own views as well as seeing a different perspective, 
  my argument refers to whole far-left ` ist label as it is . 
  lots of supposedly smart people circlejerking about idea ( s ) that does n't seem to work in practice so far . 
  and discarding every attempt as somehow not true . 
  rather than accepting it 's not gone work and moving on . 
  this seem to be a problem with virtually all ideas/movements in this spectrum . 
  imo the elephant in the room is that humans are inherently selfish . 
  corruption and lack of performance hails from this reason . 
  in addition to that , even if society starts at clean plate , humans tend to classify themselves one way or another . 
  imo it 's the core of human nature . 
  and socialism/communism ai n't gone work as long as humans are humans . 
  i 'm yet to see any communism/socialism spectrum theory that address this in a meaningful way . 
  those that do implement so much capitalist-y stuff it falls out of the spectrum completely . 
  or resort to totalitarian practices which is n't exactly nice . 
  that 's what i was saying . 
  there 's a lot of ink put into this . 
  yet there 's no successful and widely accepted implementation in real world . 
  even after more than a dozen attempts . 
  thus all that writing is as good as fantasy novels to me . 
  i do n't have any `` concept '' of communism-ish/socialism-ish stuff . 
  all common-ownership , anti-capital etc stuff goes into same folder for me . 
  i 'm well aware there 're lots of different waves and flavors in there , but i do n't care enough to look into that deeper . 
  imo all that stuff is more than proved to be a failure and cause more misery than what it supposedly solves . 
  all that ink and thought could be put into new ideas rather than beating a dead horse . 
  it was weird to see that hungary performed worse than lithuania by most economic metrics . 
  if someone asked before seeing the data , i 'd definitely put you in between cz and sk , whichever is doing better at the moment . 
  have n't been to hungary yet though . . hope to fix that soon !, 
  lucky you !, 
  hungarian and czechoslovakian goods were quite luxurious back then . 
  magazines were quite a novelty too . 
  overall it was seen as next-to-west . 
  purely on my personal observations , czechia 's gap to west is half of lithuania 's . 
  well , as much as i saw while traveling . 
  and baltic states were called `` little west '' in ussr ... 
  eh , poland was the same as ex-ussr if not worse . 
  traffic is still worse in poland than in lithuania , they 're quickly closing the gap though . 
  romania and bulgaria were as bad if not worse from what i heard and read on reddit . 
  both on traffic and crime bits . 
  agreed that hungary and czechia/slovakia was on a different level though . 
  i was talking about `` huge boost '' as in super early preventive care and education . 
  eastern europe babushkas look a decade or 2 older for a reason . 
  dental care was shit . 
  people did n't ( and older people still do n't ) care about it much . 
  cardio and blood checkups were non existent . 
  diet was ( and still is to big extent ) poor thanks to lacking education . 
  there was not much push for healthy lifestyle and amateur sports which is slowly making the way now . 
  psychiatry was a total joke and used more for punishment than for actually treating people . 
  do n't get me started on hazardous work conditions with chemicals etc. 
  which is not exactly health care , but still contributes to lifespan . 
  for example , my town 's local factory was leaking paint to the lake every damn year . 
  i could be wrong and maybe the west did n't care about all of these before 90s either . 
  but it does n't look so . 
  as for `` available to those who can afford '' , privileged people back in ussr times had separate hospitals . 
  the only thing that changed is now you need $ $ $ instead of knowing right people . 
  looks like our main disagreement is what we call successful revolution . 
  imo successful revolution has to be a lasting successful state that objectively improves lives of it 's average citizen . 
  i agree there 're good and practical works on how to overthrow government . 
  i 'm saying there 're no good and verified works on implementing communism long term . 
  life expectancy dropped because of a lot of crime and young men playing stupid games . 
  increased traffic increased traffic accidents a lot too . 
  east 's health system for curing people was ok-ish . 
  but what was total shit , was preventive health care , at least in ussr . 
  given how it got a huuuuuuge boost right in 90s , i assume the west did n't magically got it in 90s either . 
  me neither ... subconscious fascism i guess, 
  obvious / s is ninja / s. 
  your reply was nice though , \u012e appreciate it .
