  if residents/businesses cover 50 % of costs , they jump to the front of the queue . 
  which obviously have multi-year waiting list . 
  tl ; dr gov does provide funding for private property sometimes . 
  and no funding is unlimited . 
  why does it have to be council housing ? 
  being against something includes supporting legislations against that action . 
  does n't make a difference . 
  as for using nazi as insult , it does n't work anymore . 
  i 've been called nazi/fascist too many times . 
  for reasons like refusing to speak russian which i do n't even know well  or saying that ussr was same evil as nazis . 
  shit gets boring soon . 
  i was hoping you could explain the mental process that goes to call one a nazi . 
  but i guess we 're back to options 1 or 2 ... you do n't tell the differences so let me tell you . 
  the main difference after 45 was you were rebuilding your country , while we had a partisan war for the 4-7 years ( varies by calculation method ) . 
  and then we were occupied for the next 40 years . 
  eastern germany had a wee similar situation , but there was no insurgence and deportations as far as i 'm aware . 
  no anti-german politics either . 
  i wonder how being against migration ( any kind of migration ) makes one a nazi, 
  i 'd be really curious about your thought process though . 
  or maybe fourth option . 
  you 're the pos , but live in a bubble and do n't even notice how self-centered you 're . 
  ca n't decide wether this is poor trolling attempt or you 're that dumb . 
  hope it 's former . 
  ww2 and it 's aftermath over there was quite a bit different than in germany . 
  joke 's on you . 
  arguably if ( n ) gos did n't help migrants , there 'd be much less of them , causing less deaths in the end . 
  meh , migration is not human rights . 
  if you want to start arguing about my country 's history - read up on it first . 
  also look up how ngos pick up people by lybia 's waters . 
  it 's more like 95 % of the ride . 
  btw , some reading comprehension would help you . 
  have a nice day and fuck you too , 
   `` the easiest to get out of ussr in late years was to start rebelling . '', 
  that was only true for public figures who could not be prosecuted without a public outcry , and even they could hardly take a bet on that . 
  actually it was for rebelling but too-well-known students too . 
  i personally know people who were kicked out . 
  they were in their early 20s at the time and much of public figure . 
   `` most people who were captured by axis or were refugees were sent straight to siberia '' that 's absolute bs . 
  the ussr did n't send refugees to siberia but fucking pows . 
  that 's a minor fucking difference . 
  not only pows . 
  plenty of refugees who fled to west during ww2 and came back were sent to siberia too . 
   `` we had pretty much the same situation in 40s/50s . '', 
  it 's absolutely not . 
   first up , it was a fucking world war , so where exactly should you have planed on feeling to ? 
  as i mentioned , i 'm talking not about during ww2 . 
  i 'm talking about late 40s/early 50s . 
   and were in the world did you get the idea from that jumping into a fucking raft and risking to drown just to live a life in dignity is `` tempting '' ? 
  that 's pretty fucked up . 
  that may seem fucked up to you . 
  if someone do n't have much going on and they have a dream of glorious west where everybody gets a blonde and new car . . a raft suddenly becomes tempting . 
  especially now that rafting is quite safe with ngos ferrying people right from the coast . 
   `` if people still had to get visas , work permits and shit , it would n't be as tempting . '', 
  that 's what they still have to do , the current development is based on the 1951 refugee convention - so we are doing this exactly because we have learned from the situation after 45 . 
  i was talking about this as adding more burdens would reduce migration . 
   `` i 'm not saying that migrations can be put to full stop . 
  it was there in 90s too . 
  but it was totally different scale from ' 04-now . '', 
  immigration into the eu had peaks around 1965-71 , 1989-95 so , no it 's most def not a different scale as the 90ies . 
  especially you lithuanians need to talk , you guys could actually use some immigration . 
  i was talking about migration from my country . 
  we were locked up to 90s . 
  actually , i 'd rather put an end to all kind of migration . 
  we can take back our own migrants too . 
  although we 're pretty happy the thugs and scum have left the country , alongside some good people . 
  we do have some immigration from ukraine , russia and belarus actually . 
  it 's going ok . 
  i 'm not saying that migrations can be put to full stop . 
  it was there in 90s too . 
  but it was totally different scale from ' 04-now . 
  if people still had to get visas , work permits and shit , it would n't be as tempting . 
  let alone there would obviously be strict quotas . 
  it 's a spectrum . 
  some people will move no matter what . 
  some people will never move . 
  majority of people have conflicting motives and it all depends on various circumstances . 
  we had pretty much the same situation in 40s/50s . 
  mass deportations , ww2 , partisan war , and mass deportations again , reshuffling of whole societal system . 
  yes , some people did fled . 
  but a ton of people fought in post-ww2 events . 
  a lot of people helped them . 
  late 80s insurgency was built by people who stayed behind during/after ww2 and kids of those people . 
  fun fact , some of the people who built our military in early 90s were active post-ww2 partisans . 
  if all of them had fled , today the country would be very different . 
  by the way , ussr was doing the `` letting off the steam '' thing too . 
  after ww2 , most people who were captured by axis or were refugees were sent straight to siberia . 
  just in case they had too much western influences . 
  the easiest to get out of ussr in late years was to start rebelling . 
  if you manage to get attention in the west before soviets send you to mental asylum , you 'd be kicked out of ussr with no right to come back . 
  some people would abuse this and do anti-soviet shit precisely to win the ticket out  some ended up in mental asylums for years though ... 
  if all people would run from war , there 'd be no war . 
  survival instinct is fight or flight , not just flight . 
  i 'm talking about overall situation , not only war . 
  people tend to choose easiest path of resistance . 
  if flight option is made easier , fight option is used less . 
  for example , my country in 90s was shit , but getting out was hard . 
  people worked hard to improve it because there was no other reasonable option . 
  emigrating became much much much easier in '04 thanks to eu . 
  now it 's improving much slower and even reversing in some cases . 
  why deal with shit and fix it if you can just pack it up .
