  jews were citizens too . 
  or not , because they were leaning towards lithuanians ? 
  according to 1897 census , it was much more complicated than `` predominantly polish '' . 
  later censuses were n't as detailed , at least from what i saw . 
  let alone plebiscite which was badly skewed . 
  interesting , this page have slightly different numbers for 1897 census than wikipedia . 
  either way , it all boils down to self determination and how it 's decided who somebody is . 
  the post-occupation plebiscite is another interesting input https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republic_of_central_lithuania_general_election,_1922#results . 
  another intersting take is that vilnius region had  700k people . 
  city was < 200k . 
  so vast majority was living outside of the city . 
  which , according to 1897 census , was not polish at all . 
  got source for 1909 census ? 
  looking at 1897 and 1916 , jewish number is virtually the same . 
  poles in 1916 seem to be poles + russians of 1897 . 
  more like different categorisation . 
  in addition to that , at that time most people lived in surrounding region rather than in city limits . 
  national composition was very different out of city . 
  see trakai uyezd and vilnius uyezd in 1897 census . 
  and even more jewish  to the west , it was lithuanian , to the east - belarusian . 
  so yeah . . 
  totally polish . 
  1921 is very likely to be subjective to say the least . 
  i doubt that demographics have changed much between 1897 and 1916 . 
  in 1916 , people may have smelled the possibility of independence and that 'd give incentive to skew the results too . 
  1897 seem to be most objective . 
  and vilnius county was mixed lithuanian-belarusian , while trakai county ( vilnius outskirts to west ) was majority lithuanian . 
  east of vilnius was more belarusians , not much of poles though . 
  . . up to november of 1920 . 
  the last major skirmish was to the west of giedrai\u010diai . 
  he did n't just took vilnius and sit there . 
  why would he charge towards north/west ? 
  after he was beaten , he retreated back quickly . 
  but he did take a try . 
  the coupe d'etat of 1919 look interesting in this context too . 
  your link is about the very end of xixth century , during the height of ban of lithuanian language . 
  let alone that nationality as we understand it now did n't exist back then . 
  some people called themselves poles , because they spoke polish . 
  some people called themselves poles , because they despised russian empire and looked back to commonwealth times . 
  many famous people were torn between polish and lithuanian identities . 
  mickevi\u010dius ended up writing in polish , while kudirka - in lithuanian . 
  both considered themselves lithuanians and both spoke polish in early years . 
  my family roots are in vilnius region ( actually , today 's vilnius city limits ) as far as church papers go . 
  in cemetery , graves are whatever government was at the time - russian , polish . . or lithuanian for recent ones . 
  my father considers himself lithuanian while his brother - polish . 
  he did n't understand proper polish till late in his life though . 
  he was let 's say . . surprised when he went to poland-proper and could n't understand much . 
  i never heard my grandfather speak proper polish . 
  or watch polish tv or read polish books . 
  tv was mostly in russian , do n't remember about newspapers . 
  people would consider themselves `` poles '' , but speak po prostu . 
  which is polish/russian/lithuanian mix . 
  sure people like them would be earmarked as poles in census . 
  but aside from calling themselves so , there 's not much that 'd make them poles . 
  they seem to not care much about identity stuff . 
  by the way , the rest of lithuania was similar up to and during xixth century . 
  peasants did n't care about identity , talked a mix of various languages and nobility was mostly polish-speaking . 
  to the masses , identity suddenly became important after wwi . 
  for example , another part of my family comes from bir\u017eai , near lithuania-latvia border . 
  there 're old family memoirs how a lot of people were changing their names after wwi . 
  suddenly tadeusz became tadas . 
  if vilnius had n't been occupied , i 'm pretty sure the same would have happened . 
  in fact , i saw the same happen when i was in school . 
  during ussr times , non-lithuanian schools were promoted , thus quite a few po-prostu people went to them . 
  after independence , many of them sent their children to lithuanian schools . 
  just because they felt it was better that way . 
  even though non-lithuanian school has much nicer facilities . 
  i see at this whole situation like divorce . 
  lithuania and poland were married for a long time and then were was a nasty divorce . 
  the split of goods did n't end well and now we 're dealing aftermath . 
  both sides think the other is greedy  in reality , if marriage had lasted a wee bit longer , were would n't be stuff to split . 
  well , maybe a handful of `` indigenous people '' . 
  poland did n't stop in vilnius and invaded further into lithuania in 1920 . 
  it took quite a lot to stop \u017deligowski from advancing . 
  why would n't it be nationalistic ? 
  they tried to unite all people/territory they considered polish . 
  in addition to that , polonisation was under way in both vilnius and lviv regions as far as i know . 
  sounds nationalistic enough . 
  vilnius was part of russian empire for  100 years . 
  before that , vilnius was part of lithuania , which was part of commonwealth with poland . 
  polish language was dominant . 
  but poland and lithuania were separate entities on many levels . 
  for example , lithuanian grand duchy statute was valid up to the 1830s uprising . 
  there was no en-masse movement of people between various parts of the republic . 
  and vilnius region was lithuanian before the union . 
  so the majority of `` poles '' in the region were polonised lithuanians . 
  even in the late years of the republic , polish and lithuanian nobilities were very distinct fractions . 
  even though lithuanians were using polish as main language . 
  because lithuanian was seen as peasant 's language . 
  church was pushing for polish too . 
  because apparently god did n't understand lithuanian . . peasants were learning polish both to get along with nobility and as church language . 
  wether that counts as being pole or not , i guess that 's up to you . 
  many prominent people who are considered poles , called themselves lithuanians . 
  bot spoke and/or created in polish . 
  thus are taken as poles now . 
  the thing is , poland nationalists assume that if people spoke polish , then it 's poland as a nation . 
  but it was just a lingua franca in the republic . 
  interesting take on commonwealth https://global.oup.com/academic/product/the-oxford-history-of-poland-lithuania-9780198208693?cc=lt&amp;lang=en&amp;  those were banned ` couse our government wanted to polonized as much people as possible in eastern poland , that was n't ok , especially after 123 of germanization and russification of polish people . 
  is lithuanian germanic or russian influence ? 
  would you say that poland was n't nationalistic ?
