lithuanian there . 
  yes we 're vampires . 
  since we got more sun , we 've higher suicides rates too . . 
  damn . 
  i thought it 's bohemia + moravia = czechia :| and that 's after visiting various part of the country several times . 
  i got ta read up on your geography more ... 
  that article itself states that mongols ! = tatars  we 've some muslim tatars since xiv-ish century over there in lithuania . 
  our history books put very clear distinction between tatars and mongols . 
  maybe your region have one naming and ours have different . 
  but not all ee calls them the same  also , crimean tatars used to sort of invade europe . 
  ottomans were using tatars in their armies quite a lot . 
  i did n't mean to say that they 're not muslims anymore . 
  sorry if it came out like that . 
  and yep , the difference between them and arab muslims is huge . 
  how much bites by muslim warranties you 'll become one in 5 . . 4 . . 3 . . 
  crimean khanate was tatars . 
  i 'm from eastern europe and we call mongols `` mongols '' , including in history books . 
  we 've reserved `` tatars '' for the actual tatars from crimea . 
  that 'd give perfect coverage of quality kebabs, 
  some tatars were brought in to lithuanian grand duchy back in xiv century i think . 
  they definitely were muslim at that time . 
  quite an off topic , but could n't resist to ask ... 
  i 'm lithuanian and we call you '' \u010cekija '' . 
  same with `` slovakija '' . 
  i was n't aware of the `` republic '' part for very long time . 
  do you guys like the `` republic '' bit for some reason or is it just a legal/historical/etc relict that you do n't care about ? 
  there was a fun idea to send them to ghost towns like did\u017eiasalis or naujoji akmen\u0117 or smth like that . 
  i imagine sending all of them to one of those towns would be just perfect . 
  perfect way to start a ghetto :|, 
  some theoretical communistis/socialists may be against it . 
  but bi looks totally like commucialism 2.0 . . 
  if it quacks like a duck , it 's a duck , eh ? 
  does high unemployment counts as war and/or makes country unsafe ? 
  everyone born in 88 is literally hitler !, 
  that 's what i said ... 
  the official temperature was lower . 
  but he may have measured that himself or smth . 
  it 's not that big difference from the official one after all . 
  he may be talking about what he measured in a not very precise way or the feels-like temperature . 
  +37 c was highest official temperature i think . . ? 
  so 42 does n't seem such a stretch . 
  ca n't speak for all of eastern europe , but at least over there people are used to being a far far away forgotten corner of a big empire . 
  when we get to decide for ourselves , we do not have as much weight on paper , but we can make our own decisions on small things that affect our daily affairs . 
  the way things are going , it feels like the federal eu would follow the same everybody-do-as-chef-say style union . 
  and after centuries of bigger countries ' hegemony , we 're still enjoying our own nation states over there . 
  i 'm totally with you for localism . 
  i love the cross-border-anywhere part of schengen . 
  and euro is nice as an everyday thing as in no more exchange fees or leftover currency after a trip . 
  matching some business regulations is great too . 
  but the rest should be left to decide locally . 
  on the other hand , if germany wants to go further , let them go . 
  with the countries that signed up specifically for that . 
  the rest of us could keep the few lax bits and do our own thing . 
  i bet some people will still say that federalisation is the goal . 
  but more people may switch to 2-speeds europe . 
  instead of dividing by economic factors like before , it 'd probably be divided based on cultural opinions . 
  indeed . 
  pretty much every eu country is like this and just pulling the sheets to it 's side . 
  i like how germany cries for unity and stuff when it comes to refugees . 
  but they do n't do shit for unity when it comes to stuff like this . 
  same old story as the original nord stream : /, 
  dat patience !, 
  it must have been stronger than vodka at that point . 
  i can assure you , there 're plenty of people who emigrate for even smaller reasons . 
  many lithuanians leave their middle class ( but poorly paid ) jobs and go to norway to work in a fish factory or smth up north . 
  just because it pays more . 
  even if quality of life ends up ~ the same or even worse , + shiny iphone . 
  it 's just cool to emigrate nowadays . 
  some syrians are educated , some are not . 
  and not all of those immigrants are from syria . 
  we already took in a bunch of syrians before the crisis . 
  flew in straight from lebanon or turkey camps . 
  it was a rather small number . 
  but that 's all we can do . 
  in addition to that we are helping ukrainians which seem more important to us to be honest . 
  job-wise , there are not much entry level jobs for $ 300 available . 
  and most of them are taken by students anyway . 
  slightly skilled jobs like truck drivers are quite filled as well . 
  locals are already complaining that ukrainian immigrants are driving wages down and putting locals out of job . 
  our universities are already producing more lawyers and doctors that we can offer a job to . 
  and lithuanian is necessary for virtually any position . 
  of course we need a lot of programmers , engineers and other highly skilled people . 
  but people with such skills are welcome anywhere . 
  our mini babies boom of late 80ies/early 90ies is just starting their way in the job market , so we are set for the next decade or two in that department as well . 
  i do n't see how we could integrate more people no to mid skills in job market in the coming years . 
  and our welfare is already in huge debt and payments are rather low . 
  public healthcare is in dire straits too regarding capacity and funding . 
  all in all , we do n't have means to help others . 
  we are happy to take in highly skilled rich people though . 
  come with a highly skilled job contract , start paying taxes on day 1 and we will treat you like a local . 
  i was this close to buying a ticket to sankt goar instead of sankt goershausen . 
  now that i think about it , that 'd have been quite a fortunate mistake after all . 
  let the circumstances be !, 
  and do n't forget to take a pic of shipping cart full of federweisser on top of loreley , 
  flights to frankfurt are n't that expensive , just sayin ... or just carpool . 
  i 'm pretty sure there would be more than enough people to sign up for young wine and oktoberfest united tour . 
  is it possible to get lost in loreley ? 
  :o there 're quite a few flights of stairs , but navigation seemed to be rather simple . 
  up , up , up !, 
  till reihn looks as small as neris .
