  if you wish very very hard that walls were ineffective , they 'd become ineffective . 
  riiiiight ? 
  and on top of that , all other divisions were much much older and have faded much much more to today . 
  most of them are only in old artefacts or deep in culture . 
  it 's been nearly 3 decades and it 's still , as you say , `` fading '' . 
  all other divisions are gone for centuries if not more , thus presency is not an argument there . 
  many , if not all , of these grouping were artificial and forced . 
  as well as many people disagreed . 
  point in case - most of balkans did n't become muslim during ottoman times . 
  you can run away from iron curtain legacy as much as you want . 
  tbh , i do the same . 
  but the division was and , to large extent , is still there . 
  it 's better to fight it and make sure it fades away asap rather than pretend it 's somehow not important . 
  let 's leave twisted history for the bald short dude in a creepy house far away in the east . 
  although it was short , it was very recent and division is clearly visible today . 
  australia was never in eu , duh, 
   around the mediteranian , in the middle ages `` baroccio '' used to be a synonym for a `` shady deal '' maybe they started using the term due to `` shady deal '' regarding regaining vilnius ? 
  my grandma told that `` vilnius m\u016bs\u0173 , o mes rus\u0173 '' was widely used in postwar kaunas . 
  and my grandgrandma hated vilnius to the bone . 
  she saw it as either vilnius or independence thing . 
  she 'd have took independence in a heartbeat . 
   i do , however , take offense when baltics say that they have less in common with russia than romania and czechia never heard that over there . 
  i wonder what new kind of pseudo garbage is emerging somewhere :|, 
    the first printed lithuanian book came out at 1547  but then it means that there is some form of standart lithuanian writing by that time already which would explain why it was printed in mass plus it was sponsored by the duke . 
  duke as in some local noble , not the grand duke . 
  i 'd be interesting to compare different books printed in 16th/17th century . 
  but i was under impression that different regions/people/etc approached this differently . 
  officially lithuanian was standardised in late 19th century only , some say only in interwar period . 
    there 're famous sayings like `` god does n't speak lithuanian '' . 
   that is a strange one . 
  in 1596 the union of brest was singed that created ecclesia ruthena unita - sort of a branch of eastern orthodox church under supervision of pope of rome . 
  if i recall correctly it was the official church of gdl untill the partitions and went as far as using local languages for the church services but i might be mistaken . 
  i guess your ancestors where not that lucky . 
  gdl was baptised in 14th century ( some parts only in 15th ) by rome catholic pope , through poland . 
  looking at old churches , orthodoxy never took off much . 
  in some parts , there 're more ( ex ) protestant churches than orthodox . 
  in vilnius , it 's mostly catholic churches too . 
  there 're very few orthodox churches out of the city but we got quite a few old catholic churches in random villages . 
  i assume peasants were mostly catholic in these regions . 
  i guess ecclesia ruthena was mostly to fight muscovy influence in ruthenian parts . 
  i never heard about it being the official church of gdl . 
  but i would n't be surprised if it was at one time or another . 
  at one point , gdl was very close to becoming protestant too . 
  and splitting off from poland , probably gravitating towards sweden influence . 
  i never looked that much into church history , but it looks like rome catholic was more strict and top-to-bottom than orthodox . 
  for example , officers ' marriages . 
  i suppose same may be true for the language of the service . 
    after the 2nd uprising in 1860s , lithuanian language ban was introduced . 
   so it was rather a latin alphabet ban , is n't it ? 
  it was lithuanian in latin ban . 
  polish in latin was allowed . 
  thanks for reminding about about ecclesia ruthena . 
  and were goes the rest of the weekend ... 
   was there some sort of unstandardized written lithuanian then or any written one at all around that time ? 
  the [ first printed lithuanian ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catechism_of_martynas_ma\u017evydas ) book came out at 1547 . 
  technically it was printed in prussia , which was n't part of gdl , but had quite a bit of lithuanian population . 
  first gdl-printed book came out few decades later . 
  i 'm not sure if there 're older surviving lithuanian manuscripts . 
  at least there 're no famous ones as the book above . 
  but obviously the book did n't appear out of nowhere . 
   would even say this process started from the union of krewo union of kr\u0117va = personal union . 
   a bit sceptical about late 18th/early 19th mark - by that time plc was already divided and absorbed by neighbors that 's were interesting things started actually . 
  for a long time , church service was in latin , which no peasants spoke , and most peasants did n't have to read/write much if at all in any language . 
  once non-latin services were allowed , churched pushed for polish language . 
  there 're famous sayings like `` god does n't speak lithuanian '' . 
  thanks to that , polish language gained a dominant position . 
  most peasants were reading only church material which was polish . 
  some people started lithuanian services though . 
  there 're documented instances of brawls for language of service . 
  ffs , it still happens today to some level ... after the 2nd uprising in 1860s , lithuanian language ban was introduced . 
  well , it was allowed in cyrillic . 
  but if you learn cyrillic , most of the cyrillic material was in russian . 
  or stick to latin alphabet and read polish , which many people already somewhat knew . 
  there were other policies aimed at dividing lithuanians and poles . 
  both from each other and plc legacy . 
  lithuanian catholic establishment was frowned upon too . 
  idk if it was targeting lithuania as territory or linguistically . 
  but there were not much action to convert poland-proper catholics to orthodox , polish language did n't have as much repercussions either . 
  in addition to that , after napoleon wars , there was further legal division of lithuania . 
  some parts ( ~ suvalkija ) of russia-owned lithuania stoped serfdom sooner than other . 
  coincidentally , that part was the cradle of national revival in 2nd half of 19th century . 
  no idea if less serfdom caused more nationalistic feelings . 
  there 's a catch that big numbers are reserved money . 
  but countries may fail to apply for them . 
  or do n't have use for them . 
  or do n't have funds to pay for their portion in co-funded projects . 
  or fail to finish project in time/up to specs and have to repay ( a portion of ) subsidy . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's what op meant . 
  but over there in lithuania quite a few people got in trouble for failing to use up those funds . 
  we had a fair share of failed projects and had to return the money too . 
  that did n't brought us to `` net payer '' status , but the bottom line did n't look as nice as it could . 
  maybe romania fucked up even more . . 
  majority jews . 
  and quite a few belarusians . 
  but everybody was polish . 
  and not in plc sense , but as ethnic poland . 
  got it . 
  ruthenian was used as gov language because a lot of late gdl territories were ruthenian . 
  for one reason or another , there was no standardised written lithuanian . 
  thus ruthenian was picked up as the most convenient solution at the time .
