  for example , famous article 5 does not dispatch nato forces . 
  it only asks it 's members to act . 
  administrative costs are meaningless in this context . 
  the 2 % thing people are complaining is what countries put into their own military . 
  if all countries put their fair share into administrative costs , but would n't spend money on their own military , nato would n't exist as we know it . 
  nato is not stand-alone international organisation like un . 
  it 's just umbrella for it 's members . 
  nice argument, 
  niiiice, 
   regime change tactics in syria and ** ukraine ** okay ... 
  it 'd be interesting to hear why you think so . 
  the whole 2 % thing is about what a given country spends on it 's own military . 
  where the us spends 3.5 % . 
  this is the relevant number . 
  by this logic , whole us 3.5 % goes towards `` running nato '' . 
  nato is whole armed forces of all it 's members combined . 
  not some extracted structure . 
  well , all discussions is same over and over again with 0.1 % of new stuff . 
  it 's good at finding out patterns though . 
  and eventually coming to that 0.1 % of freshness . 
  i can hardly see how you can widen your understand of other people if you seem to reject some topics and they are important to some people . 
  different strokes for different folks i guess . 
  you 've all rights to stick to your mind and look from that perspective . 
  and i mean this in most positive way . 
  if you ever feel like going the other way , i 'd suggest you to look more into how and why people who have different ideas think . 
  read both / pol / and / t_d / . 
  and other sources from totally different sides . 
  including downvoted to hell posts . 
  and articles from freak blogs . 
  seeing different thought processes and patterns is super interesting . 
  in fact , world would be a better place is 99 % of people stayed away from discussions and we 'd waste much less time  but keep in mind that people who you oppose do exactly the same . 
  most people , me included , have same thought patterns . 
  the only difference is starting point and values . 
  the question is how to find common ground with least leg twisting to make everyone happy . 
  now that 's a high horse . 
  no idea what numbers you 're referring to though . 
  or people vote not for , but against . 
  maybe they want to push other parties to talk about issues they try to get away from . 
  this seem to be a recurring theme . 
  dumb populist party appears . 
  some people vote for it . 
  mainstream party move a wee bit to the populist party 's spectrum . 
  voters go back to mainstream party . 
  tl ; dr populist parties is necessary evil to keep mainstream parties in check . 
  eh , everything on all topics was discussed to death back in ancient greece . 
  now we 're just reiterating same arguments . 
  business owners are people though . 
  low-educated/earners voting against immigration is actively hurting them . 
   you 're also going down the immigration path , so i do n't have anything more to discuss with you . 
  well , we 're talking politics and immigration is kinda elephant in the room . 
  if you decide that some topics are untouchable , then it 's quite hard to discuss topics related to them . 
   keep voting in what you believe , and i 'll do the same . 
  i 'm not from netherlands and i 'm personally benefiting from the current globalist policies . 
  i 'm discussing this purely on philosophical bases . 
   or you know , you can think about finding some middle ground and actually addressing the problems at hand instead of chasing shadows on a wall . 
  well i 'm talking about the problem . 
  while you just refuse to talk about it . 
  way to go . 
  labelling stuff as `` non-arguments '' without any arguments is not exactly good argument too . 
  not everyone can get educated . 
  maybe by birth , maybe by early choices in their life , maybe by their parents choices or just because of their personality . 
  the thing is immigrants dump those less educated wages . 
  someone who just happened to go for these jobs would expect somewhat reliable salary . 
  immigrants come with much much lower expectations . 
  effectively locals who target non-educated jobs have to lower their expectations too . 
   i can understand if you vote for a party that will improve your life , but do no damage to mine , or slightly dent it for a big improvement on your side . 
  so `` do whatever you want , as long as that does n't touch me '' . 
  what if those less-paid would say the same to business owners ? 
  do whatever you want , as long as my wage is not touched . 
  what globalisation effectively does is narrowing the gap between rich and less rich countries . 
  both by making poor countries richer and rich countries poorer . 
  not only monetarily , but on job security etc too . 
  naturally people whose living standards are going down are not happy about it . 
  it 's not fun to see that one wo n't live as well as his parents or grand parents . 
  even if few poor fellows like me will live better than previous generations . 
  this reminds me of old good `` 1 death is tragedy , 1k deaths is statistics '' . 
  same here . 
  a man getting poorer than previous generation is sad . 
  countries getting more equal is statistics . 
  btw , feodalism brought a lot of goodness to the world too . 
  look at all the sweet castles and churches . 
  but you said the opposite , something along `` less educated can only blame themselves '' . 
  did n't you ? 
  your point being . . ? 
  he did n't say that though . 
  just said that formal education does not necessarily mean one will end up on the top . 
  quite a few uneducated tradesmen earn significantly more than those who have formal education , but could n't get a job in their field . 
  fucking romania stealing our # 1 . 
  we 'll see you at suicide statistics next week !, 
  nah , commies built time machine and thought people how to make it back then . 
  i ca n't speak about that project/country/whatever , but in my country currently there 's a state subsidised house renovation programme for privately owned apartment buildings . 
  cost is split between owners and gov. 
  budget is limited , thus there 's a quota and waiting list . 
  my mom 's apt building is fully privatised and gov covered  40 % of the costs . 
  it was quite a hassle to get apt owners to chip in though , even with subsidised bank loans . 
  there 're also historical building cleanup/repainting programmes in some cities . 
  owner has to cover some costs but government chips in too . 
  private building are eligible . 
  funding is limited so quotas and waiting lists as well . 
  there 's a similar programme for non-paved ( sub ) urban streets as well .
