  since large part of ruthenian lands were acquired via marriage , that nobility was half lithuanian , half ruthenian . 
  yes , gld was not purely lithuanian after the massive expansion in xiv century . 
  far from that . 
  but it 's not like ruthenians were taking it over . 
  more like they were climbing the power ladder and getting next to lithuanians . 
  as i said , i agree that ruthenians were the defacto 3rd nation in commonwealth times and important part in later gld . 
  what sucks is belarusians trying to claim that they started gld from the very beginning . 
  the beginning of gdl was purely lithuanian . 
  most of the nobility hailed from lithuanian parts and expanded east as gdl acquired land there . 
  well , acquired is only partially correct . 
  most of the `` acquired '' land was joined either via marriages or the locals were paying taxes for protection . 
  gdl was basically a loose corporation with various affiliates . 
  which included various slav tribes . 
  as , at some points in time , nowadays latvians and as far as southern part of estonia . 
  i agree that over time slav influence grew . 
  the acquired lands were joined closer . 
  due to gdl nature as very loose union culturally ( e.g. 
  complete freedom of religion , were was no religion wars pagans vs catholics vs orthodox ) , there was no try to assimilate slavs into balts . 
  instead , it was getting more and more multicultural on nobility level . 
  back then , there was no pure divide what is belarusian , ukrainian or russian lands . 
  we could argue as well that gdl partially ukrainian or russian . 
  or that commonwealth was poland-lithuania-ruthenian . 
  which actually nearly happened . 
  as east slavs grew stronger , were was big push to reform commonwealth to 3 nations union . 
  the commonwealth started to deteriorate though and that newer materialised , for better or worse . 
  i 'd be cool if belarusians said they 're descenders of the ruthenian/slav element of commonwealth . 
  that they were part of gdl - sure . 
  but claiming that gdl was started by people who happen to be now called bela-russians . . that 's a wee bit too pretentious . 
  then rest sounds less credible too . 
  belarusians who subscribe to this idea tend to be pagan-leaning from what i see . 
  and they do n't seem to reject idea that gdl was pagan . 
  although slav/ruthanian was baptised way earlier than lithuania . 
  i would n't be surprised if they 'd come to conclusion that they 're lithuanians ( = same as modern lithuanians ) after all , just speaking slavic language due to historical reasons . 
  it would kinda make sense imo . 
  a wee offtopic , an interesting example is [ tadas ivanauskas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tadas_ivanauskas ) . 
  he was one of the greatest interwar lithuania 's scientists . 
  in meantime , his brother was belarusian politician and national revival member . 
  two other brothers considered themselves polish . 
  indeed . 
  it 's quite an interesting process to watch though . 
  i believe lithuanians went through a very similar thing in late 19th century . 
  we had to build our separate identity from leftovers too . 
  but was much easier for us , because there was a lot of unclaimed stuff . 
  belarusians have much harder time now . 
  they either have to steal already claimed bits or carve out an entirely new story . 
  the other alternative is to accept that they 're stuck in between east slavs ( kievan rus + russia + ukraine ) , poland and lithuania . 
  geographically as well as culturally and historically ... 
  which does n't sound as fun . 
  it will be their collective memory in a generation or two , if it succeeds . 
  for now , very few people agree with this . 
  belarus do n't have `` collective memory '' yet and some people are trying to build it right now . 
   he might have been a ... or a muslim tatar seriously ? 
  tatars were imported much later . 
  looks like you got some reading to do . 
   there was n't a lot of `` lithuanian '' input in polish-lithuanian commonwealth actually there was . 
  it 's just downplayed at school . 
  it 's hard to find what is pure lithuanian input though . 
  i 'd call that the mickevi\u010dius question  some people try too much to find pure lithuanian or polish input in commonwealth . 
  for some reason , lithuanians seem to give up and whatever is not purely lithuanian , write off as not ours : /, 
  fights like brest parade ? 
  more likely locals who spoke mix of polish/russian/lithuanian would call themselves poles . 
  this is still the case in some villages btw . 
  because that makes them closer to nobility . 
  at the same time , many of them considered themselves lithuanians and poles at the same time . 
  i remember reading that \u017deligowski considered himself ethnically lithuanian , but politically pole . 
  mickevi\u010dius is another good example of in-the-middle . 
  kudirka , who is known as mostly lithuanian , used to speak polish only . 
  but later changed his mind . 
  this shit is confusing if you want to dig deep into it . 
  i can assure you there 's no single truth , neither `` poles stole lithuanian city '' , nor `` vilnius is polish '' . 
  golden flamewars material , 
  well , in wikipedia , it says the 1897 census was carried out `` by language '', 
  not bad . 
  everybody is in it for themselves . 
  bad and good are very relative . 
  and there was that coup d'etat attempt ... 
  the whole ordeal is similar to russia-ukraine relations recently . 
  big brother do n't want to recognise smaller brother as independent entity and tries to enforce brotherhood . 
  as i said before , whole nowadays lithuania was heavily polonised . 
  it 's not like vilnius was exceptional , compared to the rest of it . 
  but apparently for poland it was more important to grab some land than to let us do our thing for the sake of old good commonwealth times . 
  who knows , if poland had n't done what it did , relations may had been many times better and resulted into yet another union . 
   the jews generally leaned towards lithuania , which was seen as more tolerant and more willing to make concessions for the support . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republic_of_central_lithuania_general_election,_1922#results  every census shows that there were way more poles than lithuanians . 
  according to 1897 census , belarussians were overall majority in vilnius governorate , lithuanians 2nd and poles . . 4th . 
  lithuanians were majority in western part . 
  in immediate vilnius area , most were belarussians 42 % and lithuanians were 35 % , poles merely 10 % . 
  the city itself had more poles than lithuanians . 
  but were there even more jews . 
  not every census for sure . 
  bias much ? 
  look into data at least . 
  64 % of people who were counted . 
  if poles were so sure they 'd win , they could have run more foolproof elections . 
  now it seems very half assed . 
  and objective 3rd party , league of nations , apparently was n't fond of it either . . 
  even if people would have voted to go poland , now we can question that forever , 
  repeating statistics does n't make it more true, 
  some territories with lithuanian majority that were occupied were n't invited to vote . 
  donbass elections probably were more fair than that plebiscite .
