  for you , sport club may be essential . 
  over there , sport clubs is seen as luxury and people rarely join them . 
  even if they can afford , they frequently choose not to . 
  many people just do n't see why they should join them or send their kids to them . 
  low demand means there 's not much of them , higher prices , lesser density . 
  thus even those who want to go have to spend more resources to access them . 
  so defining poverty by sport clubs affiliation would automatically mark cultures that do n't value them as poorer . 
  even if they put same resources into other things/activities , that are not valued in other cultures . 
  comparison by poverty is hard . 
  each country defines poverty differently . 
  using each country 's own standard of poverty would yield very different results than using standardised metrics for all countries . 
  byt creatubg standardised metrics is hard too . 
  different climate areas have different standards for poverty too . 
  for example , over there , some people get welfare in wood bricks , for heating . 
  how do you compare that to warm regions that need no heating ? 
  national anarchism ftw !, 
  either shitty google translation or article does n't say that . 
  it says `` youth '' was rioting . 
  but does n't mention what kind of youth that was . 
  if right-wing was to blame , i bet that would be all over the article . 
  now `` youths '' seems to be like a codename for local youth . 
  and i remember another easter morning when it was like +15 , but it was cold up to that day so lakes were still frozen . 
  i still having a pic of me in tshirt walking in the middle of the lake . 
  that lake sometimes does n't safely freeze during whole winter . 
  and we had vasaris , vaskovas , vaslandis and vasgu\u017e\u0117 thing just a couple years ago . 
  many of the romuva people are agnostic-y . . ? 
  consensus is cultural bit is more important than religious . 
  it 's highly intertwined with ethnic stuff . 
  there 're people on all sides of the religiousity spectrum . 
  some are along the lines of `` if science contradicts fairy tales , fuck science '' . 
  some are `` heh lol gods and goddesses , bring beer '' . 
  and there 're lots of in-the-middle people . 
  source : been ( and somewhat still am ) involved in romuva . 
  feel free to ask if you have any questions . 
  i 'd say it 's `` commy-or-catholic '' thing . 
  for example , my grandma ( born just before ww2 ) is going to church virtually every sunday . 
  however , her parents ( born in 19th century ) were much less religious . 
  probably non-religious by interwar standards . 
  from what i hear , this seems to be a rather common pattern . 
  til why i felt like at home in south korea !, 
  brave new scandinavia, 
  baltics can not neither into slavs , nor into germanics/arians :(, 
  i see you 're not very familiar with eastern europe history . 
  soviets had just enough time to start their terror on locals before nazis came . 
  so nazis were seen as a relief , because that stopped soviets ' terror . 
  sure , jews did n't have a relief . 
  but it was much better for natives , especially better-off ones . 
  saying that germans were civilised does n't mean that people enjoyed the occupation . 
  and yes , my grand-grand-parents mentioned that nazis were much friendlier and behaved better than soviets . 
  btw , my grand-grand-parent was a history teacher . 
  i should read all op 's text next time :|, 
  \u017dygimantas + barbora is too real life . 
  i 'd say [ j\u016brat\u0117 and kastytis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/j%c5%abrat%c4%97_and_kastytis ) is closer . 
  do you have to see it in your own country to be it `` first-hand '' experience ? 
  traveling is cheap these days . 
  in addition to what / u/wuts said , eastern europe had their own crop of de-nationalisation behind iron curtain . 
  multiculturalism reminds ussr times bullshit a bit too much . 
  can you say you 're englishman or scotsman as long as you respect their values ? 
  women tend to be working lower paid jobs ( e.g. 
  education , nursing ) , more likely to do volunteering , more likely to work part time and usually have a gap in their career for children . 
  thus if wage gap is calculated in quickest math way , there 's definitely a gap . 
  but man and woman in same position , with same experience are likely to get equal wages . 
  there 're some inequalities somewhere , but it 's nowhere close to such exciting numbers . 
  thus simple-but-incorrect counting is used widely . 
  now i feel old . 
  20yos do n't seem that attractive to me anymore :(, 
  plc was much more complicated than that . 
  it lasted several hundered years after all . 
  it was n't carbon copy of eu , but plc struggles of the time were a bit similar to current/upcoming eu struggles . 
  quite a bit different members fighting for their causes . 
  different culture in different locations . 
  varying levels of infrastructure and quality-of-life in different regions . 
  struggle for fair democracy . 
  no united identity . 
  2-tier union feel , from both sides . 
  russia next door . 
  plc was created through peaceful and democratic ( for those times ) unification of smaller states . 
  eu current and/or upcoming system may be seen as idiotic to future generations too . 
  let alone that some people see it as idiotic now . 
  poland-lithuania commonwealth is pretty close . 
  ussr was a superstate , although put together ( partially ) through force . 
  do empires count as superstates ? 
  then there 're plenty of those . 
  are you into grannies ? 
  and there 're quite a few girls who want any foreigner . 
  they tend to emigrate sooner or later though , so you 'd be stuck with ~ 20 year olds . 
  austerity government was the previous . 
  current one is populists who try to raise minimum wage before upcoming elections . 
  uber/airbnb/etc are doing pretty well . 
  either confirmed to be legal or not paying attention to them at all . 
  switch to euro went ok imo . 
  it raised the prices throughout the board a bit . 
  by the way , big businesses kept prices + / - stead . 
  small businesses on the other hand raised them quite a bit . 
  i think it gave the psychological push to raise prices after years of stagnation . 
  many people are having hard time asking a fair price though . 
  the culture in general is very afraid of overcharging and there 's a drive towards being cheap . 
  what would that european identity mean ? 
  would it mean cheering for eu in world cup ? 
  would it mean speaking european language , celebrating european-national day ?
