  if you happen to be in vilnius on this day , go to either bernardinai or ras\u0173 cemetery . 
  or go for a drive on backroads through small towns and villages . 
  i know . 
  that 's why vilnius traffic is pretty good . 
  i avoid driving 7:45 -8:45 and 17-18 on workdays . 
  the rest of the day is just a bit slower than at night . 
  and highway around the city is still being built . 
  once the next section is ready ( possibly next autumn ) , peak traffic will get even better . 
  the remaining few sections are pending germoney though :(, 
  it may be based on your specific commute . 
  30km in vilnius looks like you commute across whole city . 
  i live next to city limits and it 's < 15km to downtown . 
  did you have similar commute in edinburgh ? 
  the only really shitty part in vilnius is deadlocks in inner downtown . 
  nowadays i just park further away and walk for 5 or 10 minutes . 
  edinburgh does n't have downtown similar to ours as far as i remember . 
  that maybe why it looks better over there . 
  actually soviets were planning to expand vilnius to  1mm . 
  their planning was based on very different standards though . 
  your highways gives me cancer whenever i go visit you or estonia :(, 
  you just made soooo many people living in big cities jelly . 
  vilnius traffic is pretty good when compared to other similar cities . 
  in addition to that , peak hour is relatively short over there . 
  if you can move your commute by 1 hour , bam - much less traffic . 
  it 's rather butthurtism than what-about-ism . 
  i met way too many people who assume the whole holocaust thing was about jews only . 
  it sucks when people buy the flashiest and best marketed part of this tragedy , but ignore the other bits . 
  / u/ziggypox comment was probably a bit out of context , but it 's does n't qualify as being a dick imo . 
  anyhow , i hope somebody was reading this thread , got interested and read up more on this subject . 
  yeah , they should be locked up for their own good, 
  do n't be a dick too . 
  nobody argues that jewish had it worst . 
  but many people think that holocaust was jewish-only thing . 
  it was much much more complicated . 
  other eu countries are worse demographically . 
  and plenty of young people are against gay marriage . 
  ehhhh . 
  i guess our eu and our own nations ' future visions are a tad different . 
  but both of us fit into the eu pretty well , in our own terms . 
  many people in eastern europe do n't like their people emigrating too . 
  most parties who are against immigrants are offering to find a magic way to bring their own people back from western europe too . 
  there 's running a joke that we can take our own emigrants back if the west would take all the non-eu immigrants . 
  long story short - back in 1918 red flag associated with communism for many people . 
  thus the tricolor was chosen instead . 
  nah , we just want to avoid us-style ghettos, 
  i get that reference !, 
  what affairs ? 
  we run a very conservative fiscal policy and leave affairs for you southerners , 
  oh god , the `` other '' mailbox . 
  i do n't use fb much . 
  all i got is an empty account with no pic or anything . 
  for browsing events that are only posted there ( i swear ! ) . 
  i recently had to message some random girl for a valid reason . 
  when i realised it 'll go to the `` other '' mailbox ... 
  it felt sooooooo wrong in a creepy way . 
  that message will haunt me for a long time . 
  the on-the-ground situation seems to be a bit different than stereotypical `` the norm '' :| quite a few girls do n't let guys pay , on principle . 
  which is cool in books . 
  girls taking initiative happens pretty frequently too . 
  looks like 50 % of cases , if not more , there initiated by girls . 
  or me and my friends are too lazy . 
  i believe random fb chats fall into the same category as drunk hookups . 
  if the perpetrator is sober - more shame for him !, 
  looking at younger relatives and friends ' relatives . . not much has changed since 10 years ago . 
  more instagram , but not much more irl action . 
  well . . 
  sometimes meeting a stranger and all that stuff does happen over there . 
  but the ones connected by mutual friends seem to turn out much better . 
  i guess it boils down to people less looking for a `` hookups '' and more for serious relationships . 
  hooking up is looked down by many , young people including , as a waste of time . 
  the online dating stigma was there 10 + years ago . 
  but it was n't that bad even then . 
  nowadays a drunk hookup is more shameful than talking it out on the net and then meeting for coffee . 
  at least in my surroundings . 
  we did rock it out too, 
  national anarchism is the way to go . 
  i believe no mass migration would be better for both receiving and donor countries/cultures . 
  and government should be as close as possible to common man . 
  there should be a single new world order to take care of global stuff and most of the stuff , especially concerning day-to-day life of common people , should be decided on as low level as possible . 
   it the wast mojority of cases it will do the opposite since it increases competition for the same job . 
  more like decrease competition for people of particular gender . 
  while people of other gender , even if they 're good in their field , could n't get in . 
  for example , any asshole guy could apply to work in school and get a teaching job . 
  thanks , but no thanks . 
  we even call it negriukas over there in lithuania . 
  it 's sooo delicious . 
  brb ; got ta buy negriukas . 
  i see . 
  i was under impression that most of volga germans were sent to one of the germanies after the ww2 . 
  it depends on what you can `` integration into the soviet society '' . 
  the people who were settled did n't learn local languages in most cases . 
  while the natives were more or less forced to learn russian . 
  so it 's more like locals got soviet society integrated into them . 
  who is traitor and who is not always depends on your point of view . 
  local ssr leaders were definitely traitors if looking from nation state perspective . 
  or they were building brave new world . 
  against the wishes of local population and without a popular mandate . 
  in baltic states ? 
  yes . 
  all the way from 1940s till the collapse of ussr .
