  ussr deported lots of better-off ( a significant portion of whom were jews ) people from their newly-occupied territories just before nazis hit . 
  old soviet times joke for you my friend . 
  some bumfuk kolchoz in the middle of nowhere , people queueing for beer at a local festival . 
  an aged man tries to break through , saying : - i went all the way to berlin to free you !, 
  please respect old veterans . 
  i 'm too tired to wait in the queue !, 
  a bunch of younger men stop him : - grandpa , if you had n't went to berlin , we 'd be drinking some good bavarian beer now , instead of this piss ... 
  nope what ? 
  cognitive dissonance too much ? 
  not only for ee . 
  nazis literally learned from ussr how to build concentration camps and brought in a lot of military equipment from them . 
  nice whataboutism . 
  btw , lithuania never even had ss formation . 
  estonia do n't have parades afaik , not sure about their ss history . 
  latvia does have a parade . 
  but their ss formation did n't have much offensive or ss-y action . 
  they 're regarded for fighting soviets when nazis were already gone . 
  lookup courland pocket . 
  . . after working hand in hand for how many years ? 
  russia is the only party invading for quite a long time ... 
  that 's why i asked if ukrainian parades are any similar to what we have in the baltics . 
  over there , those parades are hardly worth any respect . 
  aside from those few token veterans . 
  also , it 's hard to take rt facts as trustworthy . 
  commemorate victory along with bashing current involvement in eu/nato/etc ... `` we will win against faschism again '' is strong theme too . 
  and support to putin . 
  plenty of videos on our news sites where they interview those participating in the parades . 
  have you even been to lithuania . 
  yes , most russians do speak at least a bit of lithuanian . 
  but many of them , especially older generation , do n't speak on purpose . 
  it gets less and less common as older generation dies out . 
  but it still happens once in a while . 
  sometimes we end up speaking in our languages , me in lithuanian , the other person in russian . 
  i somewhat understand basic russian , the other person more or less understands lithuanian . 
  but sometimes that evolves into them calling me out on not respecting them . . also , fun story . 
  i was in latvia some time ago . 
  just walking down a street in riga and doing touristy stuff . 
  an old lady comes up to me and says smth in russian . 
  it was quite complex and i did n't really understood what she asked and i do n't speak latvian . 
  so i said `` ja neponimaju po ruskij '' . 
  then she started yelling at me that i 'm latvian fascist  you can write me off a troll or lier . 
  i do n't walk with gopro chasing babuskas to gather evidence . 
  but all of this truly happens . 
  i wish it did n't , but it does :(, 
  are ukrainian `` veterans '' parades same as other there ? 
  a a bunch of people who were kids or even not born during ww2 talking about how good cccp was ? 
  and maybe one or 2 token veterans approaching 100 who come there to meet their friends . 
  attacking people , especially older , is sure a sucker 's move . 
  but those babushkas are far from holly marries . 
  you would n't believe how many times i was called fascist/nazi/etc for not answering to them in russian ... 
  hard ... rock ... 
  germany wanted us as allies up to the very beginning of ww2 . 
  smetona was not a showstopper there . 
  there were a lot of high ranking officials who were aligned with ussr . 
  thanks to them , the country refused nazis and leaned towards ussr . 
  smetona taking over the government definitely pushed some rebel-wannabes to ussr hands . 
  who knows what would have happened if the coup did n't ever happen . 
  exactly, 
  https://www.google.lt/maps/@54.6719399,25.2875633,3a,75y,17.9h,75.21t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s4fdoxafm7m9cii1-3cyovw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=en streetview pic is outdated as fuck though, 
  that stretch is epic . 
  anyone who ever was there immediately remembers it . 
  it 'd be sad if it 'll be ever fixed :(, 
  those guys look like top notch hipsters to me , so i 'd bet on sanders bush was friendly to putin too . 
  but there was no problems with that . 
  quite the opposite . 
  if trump is elected , i 'd care more about popcorn supply than security . 
  they 'd probably object that men kissing is gross . 
  thus they probably drew that in support of trump and putin . 
  such wow , much bernie , feel the sand, 
  and . . ? 
  most songs in our dain\u0173 \u0161vent\u0117 are not brand new either . 
  all kinds from rearranged folk songs to soviet-times hits to s\u0105j\u016bdis songs . . 
  like this ? 
  https://youtu.be/y_gpghh1ukw?t=217 . 
  we also got north korea level stuff - https://youtu.be/wi_mzlm8wtg . 
  search for `` dain\u0173 \u0161vent\u0117 '' in youtube . 
  there 're lots of videos for any taste . 
  i see democratic government as extension of people . 
  they 're not separate `` us '' vs `` them '' . 
  it 's `` us '' and `` some of us '' . 
  if the people do n't do anything about government 's wrongdoings , they 're either ok with it ( including not fed up enough ) or the gov is holding them at gunpoint . 
  speaking about my country case . . 
  if people are too dumb and vote by whichever politician looks better on reality tv ( true story ) . . 
  i certainly ca n't blame those elected assholes . 
  their intentions were clear before electing them . 
  i ca n't blame someone for doing exactly what they were supposed to do . 
  and even got popular support for that . 
  do n't you have a single party that 'd be for austerity , living under budget etc ? 
  current government in my country is populists who run on wonderful anti-austerity platform . 
  but majority voted for them . 
  i 'm not happy that majority is , imo , stupid . 
  but that 's the government we deserved :( i 'm not blaming spaghetti monster for our issues . 
  interesting . 
  i went shopping just after i posted my previous comment and looked at meat and vegetables tags . 
  they were 1st or even highest class . 
  i did n't notice any 2nd class tags . 
  that was in iki . 
  afaik , rimi have similar level stuff . 
  no maxima or norfa nearby , ca n't say much about them ... 
  but the people set the general tone for the government .
