  any kind is opinion is following elites , duh . 
  to be `` free '' you got ta just like everybody , be open to everything and do n't have any negative thoughts or feels . 
  thinking you 're thinking is just being a sheeple by repeating what was told you . 
  the only option seem to buy `` organic '' or at farmers ' markets . 
  both are crazy expensive it 's funny when people go out for work and go crazy about how cheap the food in western countries is . 
  lookup what that cheap food is mate ... : / nobody buys such crap back at home . 
  sorry , i was too lazy to reply to your whole post . 
  thus just a quick reply how some of those work are nice in theory . 
  but that 's about it - nice theory which was not yet proven in practice . 
  just as harry potter   were the fuck did i wrote anything about economical aspects ? 
  i solely talked about revolutions and their success . 
  is n't economical aspects one of the indicator of success of revolution ? 
  their revolution was n't a success if looking into 10 or 20 or 50 years . 
  unless just overthrowing government and winning resulting civil war is `` success '' in your books . 
  then yes , there were a lot of successful commie revolutions :d i could do a successful harry potter revolution too . 
  pretty sure a lot of people would be interested in that . 
  however , it 'd fail spectacularly once people realise they did n't become magicians overnight . 
  and hogwarts is metaphor at best . 
   i do n't see many failures within this work this is what i 'm talking about . 
  there 're so much commie fairy tales . 
  everything is sooooo nice on paper . 
  but harry potter is a nice reading too . 
  i know some people are super salty they did n't get the letter . 
   just because lenin suceeded lenin succeeded when he started nep . 
  which allowed private business to some extent . 
  and nep was introduced for a reason . 
  otherwise ussr would have failed spectacularly back in 20s ' . 
  you 're just proving my point . 
  shitload of supposedly smart academics talk endlessly about it . 
  enlisting lots of naive young people for certain goal . 
  yet every single attempt fails and is not `` true '' for one reason or another  let 's talk about `` seeing through pure ideology '' as op called it ... 
  not necessarily about ownership . 
  to me far left looks like a bunch of naive people who have warped outlook of society , serving some people who want to enslave the world . 
  so far every single attempt at communism-ish society ended up in more or less slavery-like society where only the elite at the top benefited . 
  maybe today 's european far-left is guided by few people who want to attempt that once again ? 
  you said :  what if the public opinion is warped by medias that all belong to a handful of individuals ? 
  i said :  what if far-left opinion is warped too ? 
  the other quote was from your post few levels up , did n't want to fork the thread . 
  what if far-left opinion is warped too ? 
   i 'd argue being able to back your political opinions through reasoning and logic makes you at the very least more able to see through pure ideology . 
  `` no true comminism yet '' is the prime example of left 's reasoning , logic and pure ideology . 
  the gap was not that big before ww2 . 
  a bear in the room prevented us from rolling the heads after it :(, 
  nah , we 're just happy there 're no more mandatory parades on this day and we 're free to carry on working . 
  as a kid , i never expected to find cookies in them :| i sometimes buy those for the cookies . 
  but i never know which box is cookies and which is sewing bits :(, 
  my gf already got one for her sewing stuff . 
  as is tradition . 
  or was it more about expansionist foreign policies that were underwritten as nationalism ? 
  `` internationalism '' caused lots of suffering too . 
  ussr loved this term to wage wars all around the world . 
  any kind of ideology is bad once it becomes expansionist . 
  especially if they 're trigger-happy . 
  be it nationalism , internationalism or whatever . 
   some seen to have forgotten the true costs of nationalism . 
  more like true cost of military-backed expansionist foreign policy . 
  or was ussr a result of nationalism as well ? 
  at least in lithuania , carriers already applied for exemption . 
  local agency overseeing this said they 'll most likely approve it . 
  because low local prices are more important to average user than no roaming fees , duh . 
   arguing that `` fascism '' gets branded about and `` has lost all meaning '' is just a common tactic by the alt-right to try to lessen the impact it has on them well , does it still have any impact ? 
  aside from left 's circlejerk . 
  for example over there we 're used to be called fascists . 
  during ussr times , it was common to get called fascists purely for speaking on-russian or just for being from specific states . 
  even after ussr , i got called fascist more times than i care to remember just for not speaking russian ( btw , i do n't even know russian ) or , lately , talking shit about glorious motherland and dear leader . 
  the result is fascism does n't hold any weight over there . 
  some western-style young leftists try to use it as a slur , but it just does n't work there on general population . 
  i guess that 's where western europe is heading too . 
  fun thing is , it felt much more urbanised than big empty swathes of finmark/lapland . 
  lots of tourists ( and their supporting industries ) make it quite a nice place . 
  meh , piss warm . 
   as a fellow northern european i see what you did there anyhow ... northern bros over southern hoes any day !, 
  why ? 
  because everything is black or white and there 're no complex underlying reasons ? 
  from what i read in your thread , the other dude said that southerners are mostly ok with mussolini . 
  not that southerners are more ok than northerners . 
  i 'm neither italian , nor lived in italy . 
  but looking from outside , it looks like southerners are more culturally ok with what mussolini ( initially ? ), 
  stood for . 
  while northerners are more interested in political part of mussolini/fascism . 
  why could n't southerners be ok with mussolini overall , but despise nazis/axis ? 
  which is more rural - west that voted for macron or east/north that voted for le pen ? 
  do n't know much about french geographics aside from what reddit tells me that north/east is the industrial part : /, 
  funnily enough , rural people who voted le pen have more exposure to immigrants than those who voted for macron . 
  or they 'd have reduced load at peak times . 
  then they could move some shifts around and cover same time with same amount of people . 
  or even save because they would n't need as much overhead for peak times . 
  smaller parking , less cashiers positions , smaller overall shop size ... 
  i agree overall buying amount would n't change in a meaningful way . 
  more spontaneous or tourist purchases . 
  but less `` just in case '' stuff that may expire before used up . 
  personally i think both of these are net benefits , but that 's subjective for sure . 
  the main benefit i see is reducing peak hour rush . 
  now that i think about it , i specifically do n't go shopping 5-7pm or saturday morning . 
  fuck shopping rush hour . 
  if all the late/sunday shoppers were forced to go at that time frame , it 'd suck big time . 
  or we 'd need more/bigger shops which would n't be needed the rest of the time . 
  nothing bad about it . 
  to each it 's own . 
  for me , it 's just a cute local thingie when traveling .
