  that will help this fraction grow stronger and rebuild the party from inside . 
  if you do n't vote for them , they 'll keep focusing on their rural pensioners platform . 
  being on the opposite side of the spectrum ( fuck progressive taxation and ts-lkd modern wing social politics are good enough for me ) , i really hope you 'll go out and vote . 
  hopefully some day you and i can discuss which party ideology is better and vote according to that . 
  but we are not there yet . 
  if people like you wo n't vote , nothing will change . 
  the least we can do is to vote for at least somewhat respectable parties ( and people ) to make sure less clowns are out there for the next 4 years . 
  small steps matter in the long run . 
  and remember , you got ta vote to bitch how party you voted for did n't follow through . 
  if you do n't vote , you got ta be happy with whatever other people elect for you , 
  i hope lv\u017ds will go with ts-lkd . 
  but i 'm not that sure about it . 
  a lot of lv\u017ds electorate is still butthurt from '08 bubilius kybys . 
  they may not appreciate such coalition . 
  the business side of lv\u017ds may align with lsdp , both have russia-oriented businessmen . 
  but lv\u017ds conservative social politics align better with ts-lkd . 
  and some of their electorate is not happy about lsdp governing too . 
  i 'd say it 's 50:50 and depends on how the voting goes . 
  if lsdp or ts-lkd will get a huge lead , lv\u017ds will probably go with that . 
  i figured it 'll be quicker to go visit mom on sunday and vote wherever i 'm registered than stand in advanced voting queue for hours :|, 
  go to vote anyway . 
  whichever party you go with , shitparties like tt and dp get lesser percentage , maybe even not making the threshold . 
  liberals wo n't have enough presence to make a dent on economics . 
  but they may keep other parties in check on social stuff . 
  conservatives are two-tiered and their modern wing will certainly keep taliban in check , especially if liberals will be present . 
  and they can provide quality technocrats to do economics and other boring stuff . 
  socialdemocrats is retarded , but if you rate their good people up , they 're still much better than tt and dp . 
  voting is not only about voting for who you like . 
  it 's voting against who you dislike more . 
  if you do n't vote , marginal parties stand a better chance . 
  this is interesting . 
  never heard about it honestly . 
  but i doubt if lsdp would dare to vote for same sex marriage . 
  given their electorate , it 's total political suicide . 
  even some of their members would have hard time voting for it i think . 
  both lsdp and ts-lkd are big complex parties . 
  ts-lkd weakness is their taliban wing and lsdp weakness is their dumbasses and oligarchs wing . 
  i could see why lsdp  ts-lkd for you . 
  but as i said , imo we got ta fix a lot of mess first . 
  then we can get to ideologies and hip politics . 
   some politicians are . 
  there is talk of better support for families and possibility of getting children early and so on . 
  this is however very complicated imo . 
  i were was as much put into this as into immigration , i believe we 'd have this sorted out by now . 
   so either change the capitalistic system , or decrease the role of women in modern society . 
  or work on free and truly available daily care . 
  give big tax benefits for kids . 
  and get media to push that family is cool again . 
  instead of migrants pictures , let 's put up happy families with kids over there . 
  soviet union had managed to make both parents work and produce kids . 
  european union can do that too . 
  instead of decreasing women role , we can make kids more responsible for themselves . 
  then women can have their careers and kids can grow too . 
  in addition to that , not all people , both women and men , want to chase careers . 
  many of them seem to settle in boring jobs sooner or later . 
  if we 'd make kids cheaper , those people would have more of them . 
  sure , those who want careers could go for that . 
  but we got plenty of people who 'd like to raise kids , but ca n't afford them . 
  either at all , or having more than 1 . 
  i 'd like 2 kids in the future . 
  but housing price alone is outrageous . 
  i hope i 'll be able to afford a big enough place . 
  i 'd love to work less for same quality of life . 
  and have more space + time for my future kids . 
   yes we have !, 
  i think europe is the best place to be born in nowadays . 
  and other countries realize this too !, 
  many countries want to join and shift towards our culture . 
  let 's help those countries get to our level . 
  instead of importing some their people . 
   the liberals ... 
  they may not even get to seimas this time . 
  that 's because their leader was caught with a bribe this spring . 
  if not this horrible thing , they would probably be the second most popular party in lithuania by now . 
  many of their electors will now vote for the conservatives . 
  that 's still far better than voting for stupid lsdp . 
  the polls right after the scandal were interesting . 
  conservatives did n't gain much . 
  peasants-greens did though . 
  imo the `` protest votes '' changed their saviour and went to the new guy instead of heading to conservatives . 
   i 'm glad that , unlike somewehre , nationalists and far left are still considered to be evil here . 
  thanks to conservatives party `` taliban '' wing , we got the nationalist stuff covered by a major party which has a modern/liberal wing too . 
  as long as conservatives party stick together , i think we 're ok . far left is totally dead though . 
  it 's nicely split between `` true leftist '' cell in socdemocrats and marginal parties/movements . 
  when did they propose it ? 
  llra is the only party that supports afaik . 
  i would n't be surprised if darbo partija or tvarka ir teisingumas have backed it as well . 
  i could see valstie\u010diai-\u017dalieji backing it too , given their great talks in conference on sexed ... what parties do back same-sex marriage ? 
  i think liberal\u0173 s\u0105j\u016bdis is the only one . 
  lsdp some members do support it , but i did n't see them supporting it as a party . 
  it 's not like ts-lkd stands out given overall political landscape . 
  i agree that some ts-lkd is well ... conservatives . 
  but they 're totally ok on economics/strategy level . 
  and their modern wing , which seems to be dominating at the moment , is all for liberal stuff . 
  in addition to that , their oligarchs ratio seems to be the best across major parties . 
  corruption-wise they seem to be ok . and they 're willing to do unpopular , but necessary stuff . 
  wether lsdp is good if you 're hip leftist and must vote for the left . 
  seriously ? 
  left party promoting the new over-liberal labour law ? 
  and doing virtually nothing for 4 years ?
