  because soviets did n't attempt to destroy our cultures and languages ? 
  and import a bunch of settlers to replace people they killed and/or sent to siberia ? 
  oh wait , they started doing that even before nazis came !, 
  also , baltics were considered okay-ish by nazis . 
  lithuania got downgraded only after we refused to join their alliance and attack poland . 
  and then after we did n't provide an ss division . . latvians and estonians would have been ok though . 
  can you do communism without mass nationalisation and neutralisation of people who do n't agree with taking their property away ? 
  and neutralising educated people to prevent opposition ? 
  glory in wanting to kill millions and take their belongings ? 
  that argument would work against taxation only if it was retroactive taxation . 
  like , pay incomes tax for everything you and your parents earned during your lifetimes . 
  now . 
  and communism touches not only `` few millionaires '' . 
  in ussr , any small business or just `` too much '' property was nationalised . 
  got small bakery ? 
  gulag !, 
  got a farm feeding your family , maybe employing a guy or two ? 
  gulag or confiscation at least . 
  my grandpa had a single-family house in town . 
  it was considered `` too big '' and taken away . 
  they were high school teachers and the house was their life project for fucks sake . . 
  as long as there 's no central planning , some companies lead by smarter employees will grow and acquire not so successful companies . 
  successful managers will get more power . 
  companies will strive to be ruled by said managers to stay afloat . 
  they 'll reward them more . 
  thus effectively they will own those companies in one way or another . 
  companies that push their employees a wee more will be more successful ( e.g. 
  3 day work week vs 5 day work week ) . 
  without central planning , we get back to square 1 . 
  coops do exist today in capitalist countries . 
  franchises is sort of similar . 
  or publicly traded companies . 
  nobody stops one from starting a company with friends and owning it together . 
  depending on how you look at pacific theatre , that one may be taken as lead-up to ww2 . 
  they could have not started that war in the first place . . 
  in the grand scheme , if soviets had n't helped nazis , ww2 may not been `` world '' war at all . . and if alies had n't stepped in , soviets would have been crushed by their ex-friends for good . 
  saying that country that started the war and then had to be rescued out of it `` saved the world '' is just wrong . 
  the rest of europe celebrates may 8th , no ? 
  yeah , communism that allows opposing parties . 
  and does n't discriminate based on existing wealth/education . 
  and allows a person to work to his abilities and get rewarded fairly . 
  and nobody gets his existing wealth taken away . 
  and with blackjack and hookers !, 
  why there 's no glory in wanting a fair lebensraum ? 
  as long as communism involves taking anything from anyone by force , it 's on par with nazism . 
  what 's the difference if you discriminate by race or wealth/education ? 
  especially if it leads to killings/deportation/inprisonment / etc, 
  actually it was because there were 2 capitulations signed . 
  first was signed way earlier . 
  soviets were n't happy it was n't signed in berlin and not by zhukov . 
  thus it was signed 2nd time , in berlin , by zhukov . 
  ... , never again communism, 
  why glorify bastards who started the war together with nazis ? 
  given how nowadays russia call nato fascist , do you mean soviet and nazi coalition ? 
  because killing a shitload of people and occupying a dozen of nations for half a century is okay if human gets to the moon ? 
  seriously ? 
  they invaded finland as part of wwii . 
  as well as baltic states and poland . 
  ' 40-41 occupation and deportations would have already happened and we 'd be bitter anyway . 
  what if soviets had n't started war at all , hand in hand with nazis ? 
  do you understand i wrote as in `` similar ( but ) mandatory '' ? 
  similar as in mass-organised-cleanup-fest ? 
  yeah , riiiiight . 
  unless you keep bar for progress really really low . 
  it 'd be nice if they had more time to work on that instead of wasting time doing corruption and shit . 
  people loooove to complain . 
  yet it does n't mean they 'll vote for opposing party just for the sake of it . 
  let alone there 's no such major party . 
  and graffitis are not representative of public opinion as far as i know . 
   these same people chose progressives before you have no clue about these parts of the world , do n't you ? 
  the left over there do n't have anything to do with ( pro | re ) gressives . 
  for better or worse . 
  anarchonationalism fuck yeah !, 
  not sure how old op is , but there were similar mandatory clean-ups back in soviet times . 
  my school used to have mandatory all the way to ' 00s . 
  it was kinda boring , because we were cleaning up small stuff like picking butts and glasses off grass . 
  no fishing out tires off ponds and other cool things :( and we knew local alcoholics will fuck it up anyway . 
  imo the new one is alright . 
  but personally i rather go out with a trash bag on a random day and do the deed . 
  the whole mass-selfie-fest ai n't my thing . 
  yet it 's good to let everybody feel a wee bit of ownership . 
  `` meh , gov will pick up this bag/cup/etc '' vs `` i cleaned this forest last month do n't you dare to litter there '' . 
  it 's kinda a big problem over there . 
  too many people thinking public property is free for anyone to litter/destroy/etc : /, 
  i was talking more about people thinking . 
  most people there support palestine , tibet , taiwan , catalonia , basques , scotts and whatnot . 
  official diplomatic relations is another can of warms . 
  for example , we got pretty good ties with taiwan . 
  yet officially we only exchanged `` missions '' . 
  because if we 'd recognise them as island 's gov , they 'd be pissed . 
  but it does n't make any sense to recognise them for whole china . 
  thus mission it is ... as for tibet , there 's not much to recognise there . 
  dalai lama is welcome there though . 
  it 's funny how people from big countries not like nationalism and love to blame nationalist from tiny states for `` fuck you , i got mine '' attitude towards migrants etc. 
  yet they themselves enjoy their states and `` fuck you , i got mine '' towards oppressed nations . 
  while small states usually support all the nations who would want sovereignty . 
  as i said , it is possible to make socialism work if we 'd change human nature as one was for milenias . 
  but it 'd need massive change and nobody knows what side effects it would bring . 
  let alone the change itself would make several generations suffer . 
  you seem focused a lot on how different flavors of leftism may solve the issues i mentioned .
