  against short term self-interest - yes . 
  but at the same time not having kids is against their own long term self-interest . 
  kids are needed for the people who are asked to have children too . 
  unless they 'd walk away from their pensions and other future benefits . 
  not exactly selfish if it 's needed by whole community . 
  if they 'd align with russia , then they 'd be 2nd world :p, 
  i meant uk : /, 
  ouch . 
  well , at least there eastern europe can feel super progressive !, 
  thanks stalin i guess : / p.s. 
  we do have religious schools but all of them are bi-gender . 
   had this is key word . 
  well , a certain soon-to-be-3rd-world country still have them . 
  but aside from that . . 
  they 're practicing the proper bus stop spacing to join nordics . 
  it 's funny that usually same people hate trump and `` trickle down economy '' thing and then go down pretty much the same rabbit hole when they got ta defend eu and it 's mythical 4 pillars . 
  other than that , poor ( not necessarily financially ) people are fucked all the time . 
  the question is how much and what 's the threshold of getting fucked vs being the one who benefits . 
  you mean richer people in richer countries ? 
  poor people in richer countries are kinda fucked . 
  yet they 'd have been done for good without us logistics and goods . 
  and a big part of it is oil , gas and electricity . 
  there 's good  90 % cocoa chocolate for $ 2-3 . 
  no hip eco bullshit . 
  just cocoa and some additives needed to make cocoa into chocolate . 
  and lots of non-bs chocolate with natural flavours is certainly less than 90 % cocoa ... 
  `` i do n't eat this and that so fuck anybody who do '' . 
  chocolate is supposed to be healthy btw . 
  being consumer survey does n't it 's limited to perception on consumer products . 
  i get your point . 
  i would n't mind if someone was having multiple mistresses and they all knew about it and agreed on that . 
  then it 's their private life and they do what they want . 
  but if it was cheating as hidden affair and the so of the person is not ok with that , then said person a shitty human imo . 
  running a country is not the same as running a company or just working 9-5 . 
  imo high ranking public office is more than just doing one 's theoretical duty . 
  i 'm not saying all cheaters are corrupt . 
  but those tend to correlate , at least over there . 
  overall , it depends on said person promoted values and country 's culture in general . 
  said person may be not seen as bad in france . 
  but in many countries it 's definitely a shameful mark . 
  if you cheat at family level , you 're more likely to cheat at country level too . . or sometimes it 's just hypocrisy . 
  leader of our ruling party is so pro-family and wants to bring back emigrants so bad , that his own wife and kids are in spain for the last decade and his supposed mistress was propelled to high political position . 
  is this bachelor or masters ? 
  how much worldwide context is provided ? 
   as someone who studies european studies what 's the difference between history and this thing ? 
  or is it focused masters after history bachelor ? 
  afaik it 's not . 
  we did n't have it for years . 
  then we had a loooong discussion if we need it or not and then it finally happened a couple years ago . 
  there 're ongoing talks about abolishing it because of issues . 
  most notable some of the bottle collection spots are not taken care of and they smell really bad thanks to spilled beer and certain visitors . 
  the operator is apparently deep in red too . 
  people return more bottles than expected . 
  some people also love to game the system by shopping in poland ( no deposit there ) and then returning bottles at home : / trash in woods still happen over there . 
  yes , we do have non-standard garbage lots for individuals . 
  but apparently it 's easier to go to woods than to those designated spots :(, 
  you may or may not enjoy [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=duyqow3uplc ) song then . 
  [ lithuania ] ( http://g3.dcdn.lt/images/pix/taromatas-70907012.jpg ) can into nordics too, 
  people just take human-first by default and do n't even mention it if asked `` who do you identify as '' . 
  if i asked someone and they said `` human '' , i 'd just think they 're jackasses or want to make fun of me . 
  people self identification is an endless pyramid . 
  most people identify by country , region , city , even neighbourhood at the same time . 
  and human top of all of that . 
  and then there 're parallel pyramids of subcultures . 
  i do n't see how me identifying as this or that trumps my identification as human . 
  or how would i act differently if i tried to embrace `` human first '' . 
  and nationalism with chauvinism . 
  only that word mean `` we 're better than other and fuck you '' . 
  nationalism does not mean that one thinks his nation is better than others . 
  classical nationalism was quite an opposite . 
  looks like k\u0117dainiai folks are training for that for the last few months ... 
  exports would n't be tanking if not donbass + crimea . 
  and it 's not exactly an expected consequence of throwing out a corrupt shitlord . 
  even most anti-russia ukrainians did n't expect old good stab in the back . 
  another as viable theory for you . 
  yanukovich did something wrong and pissed off russia . 
  russia realised it ca n't keep ukraine via yanukovich for long . 
  russia made him fuck it up to have a pretence to attack donbass ( which will put ukraine on a leash for decades ) and take crimea ( which is absolute win for russia inner politcs ) . 
  as viable as us regime change ... 
  most of the arguments you 're trying to make can be used against we as well as latvia and estonia . 
  a lot of stuff that we pulled off to get away from russia is borderline propaganda and anti free speech . 
  like banning of pro-kremlin tv shows . 
  `` just another oligarch '' pattern is clearly there too . 
  maybe this is just how getting away from russia looks from afar . 
  ukrainians are less fucked than during yanukovich . 
  he was clearly on the path to lukashenka . 
  at the very least , ukrainians have won time to build up democracy . 
  i do n't doubt all ukraine neighbours , major eu countries and us played their role in forming the new government . 
  it does n't make that a `` regime change by us '' though . 
  shit was boiling for a loooooong time and yanukovich started shit himself by refusing the cooperation agreement . 
  initial reaction to that was legit too . 
  as well as all the shit in kiev . 
  i agree they would n't have pulled it off if everybody turned backs on them . 
  but if that support is enough to be `` regime change by us '' , then everything is `` regime change by x '' . 
  shit , even paksas may have been changed by us then :d and ussr collapse was `` regime change by us '' . 
  everything is regime change by us . 
  most obvious my ass . 
  as obvious as january 13th and landsbergis ' snipers shooting into civilians :d, 
  un at least have blue helmets . 
  nato do n't have troops with it 's own insignia .
