  virtually nobody , even old people , cares about church stuff . 
  it 's a good excuse for some though . 
  oh , and there 's huuuge divide between lithuanians and wannabe poles . 
  the later is a big chunk of church goers . 
  eu is the one behind those international agreements . 
  it 's not set in stone . 
  it can always be changed . 
  or interpreted according to situation , as happened many times before . 
  in addition to that , eu is pretty much paying salaries of at least one of the libya 's governments . 
  i 'm pretty sure we could cut a deal if there was political will to do so . 
  there 're lots of stories about picking up migrants right off the africa coast though . . no stories about dropping them off back in africa though . 
  i 'm pretty sure if that happened , somebody would have reported that . 
  but how would we stop those people from going illegaly to the desired countries ? 
  it 's already enforced by cutting off their paychecks . 
  what else do you suggest ? 
  stop schengen and check anybody at borders ? 
  lock them up ? 
  as you said , the rest of nigeria is fine . 
  people affected by boko haram can go to other regions . 
  if that 's too big of a burden for nigeria , eu could help much more by helping nigeria to take care of their own people over there . 
  maybe rescue and drop them off back to africa then ? 
  ferrying people in just increases the traffic . 
  although percentage of deaths is lower , total count might be even higher thanks to that . 
  the less risky it gets the more people do it . 
  it 's set up exactly that way . 
  migrants get support only in the assigned country . 
  they ca n't apply for asylum in another country if they were processed in one . 
  however , we get a story every other week how migrants sent to lithuania went missing and turned out to be working illegally in sweden or germany . 
  same in latvia , poland and czechia . 
  i think they did exist in ussr . 
  my grandma mentioned she got some dividends from the stocks of the factory she worked at . 
  however , the way it worked , it was more like profit sharing / bonus system . 
  at least from what she told me . 
  no idea if they were transferable in any way or how one would acquire them . 
  heh , you guys love to assume the worst and then take it to the heart , 
  well , we , europeans , do . 
  some people are set to import some hell into paradise though . 
  if everybody does n't have paradise yet , paradise is too oppressive and white privilege . 
  edit : genuinely curious . . downvotes for saying we do live in paradise ? 
  or for saying some migrants ruin the paradise ? 
  many elections can affect you personally . 
  while eu elections may influence you not much . 
  many countries stick to the same general position towards eu despite changing governments . 
  for example lithuania 's position was virtually the same despite going back and forth from left to right and then back and now probably to right again . 
  even seemingly left/right issues like migrants has n't changed . 
  both major sides have very similar outlooks on that . 
  appointing eu officials is usually consensus or bureaucracy level too . 
  why is that a thing about eu ? 
  i myself am interested in any kind of politics or election . 
  not constrained to eu . 
  i 'm equally interested in elections in all nearby ( geographically or culturally ) countries as well as all major countries . 
  and some other countries , if i hear about their election . 
  i certainly read more about elections in georgia , belarus or ukraine than in slovenia or portugal . 
  does n't seem to be eu thing to me ... 
  our `` labour '' is not what you might think . 
  it 's centre-populist party started by a businessman . 
  who built his empire in early 90s in quite murky ways , involving russia . 
  many high ranking party members are local oligarchs from rural regions . 
  lots of other joined because it helps career in those regions . 
  their policies are nowhere near left etc. 
  the faster this party dies , the better . 
  tl ; dr it 's labour as in wan na get hired , join the party first ... 
  that percentage think koloradka is cool as well . 
  i wonder what would poland-proper nationalists do to tomashewski if they saw him regularly sporting koloradka . 
  a big chunk of their issues is because they vote for tomashewski . 
  corruption is huge in tomashewski-run districts . 
  politicised education is n't exactly good think either . 
  most of them who are pro-russia , do so because they watch russian tv . 
  i wish they watched polish tv instead ... ts-lkd/homeland union is trying to get some poles ' votes this time . 
  they have some special programme for their regions and are agitating hard . 
  i guess they 're betting that poles are tired of tomashewski stuff . 
  it 'll be interesting to watch if they get any votes over there . 
  this church definitely has better return than investing into gipsy problems though . 
  yep . 
  small steps accumulate into huge leaps . 
  it 's sometimes hard to find motivation for those necessary small steps . 
  that 's why i 'm on reddit i guess :( the people who call situation `` hopeless '' should travel more in rural/non-touristy regions in the west . 
  talk to random people instead of select crowd in universities/festivals/etc . 
  shit is strangely familiar . 
  vote for party closest to your ideals and rate people who are closest to your ideals . 
  our parents got us out of ussr . 
  we got ta build on that and had a better country to the next generation . 
  pick up litter today , vote out retards on sunday , plant a tree in spring . 
  if people before us had declared the situation `` hopeless '' and did nothing , we would n't be where we 're today . 
  which is pretty nice if you look beyond small time issues . 
  it 's not like political theatre is much different in other countries . 
  yep . 
  looks like 1 % more voted in advance this time . 
  this time 3.5 % voted in advance . 
  4 years ago it was 2.5 % . 
  in a perfect world yes , we 'd vote for the good . 
  but we got what we got and we got ta do the best we can . 
  do you want to see pitr\u0117nien\u0117 or grau\u017einien\u0117 again ? 
  i do n't want to see bradauskas or v\u0117sait\u0117 too . 
  but even if you vote for socialdemocrats , you can rate other politicians to do best you can to outvote those retards . 
  we can make our country better one step at a time . 
  this time , you ca n't vote in whoever stands for your ideals . 
  but at least you can vote out total idiots . 
  even small progress is better than doing nothing . 
  if you want to have a valid leftist option in your lifetime , go vote for socialdemocrats and rate their young/modern people .
