  growing up with european fairy tales and mythology ? 
  would people stop putting their own city/region/etc first ? 
  it was more or less prevented . 
  they never had much real power . 
  even in us-style 2-party system , they 'd have had some influence . 
  that 's what democracy is after all . 
  actually , we 're have more or less 2-party system . 
  ts-lkd + ls and lsd + populists . 
  i know some people who ca n't choose between ls and lsd , but they 're very small minority . 
  in addition to that , ls going left or even working with lsd would make a lot of their electorate to flight to ts-lkd . 
  so we 're pretty much set in pseudo-2-party system for foreseeable future . 
  i 'd love if kubilius would be our next pm . 
  ca n't wait for more `` ruining '' . 
  grybauskait\u0117 and butkevi\u010dius are in elections mode virtually full-time . 
  imo kubilius ( and his gang ) is one of very few who did what he believed is necessary . 
  ts-lkd and ls have some bright people who still do n't give a fuck about elections . 
  but i 'm afraid ls may be loosing that in the last couple years . 
  ts-lkd is on the verge of going after popular opinion too :(, 
  grybauskait\u0117 is not much different from merkel . 
  not sure if merkelauskait\u0117 as a pm would be much different from butkevi\u010dius . 
  all of them are riding the feel-good/election-is-coming politics wave : /, 
  why not both ? 
  it 's not like greece is the first european country to be abandoned . 
  poland/ukraine/baltics are abandoned all the time . 
  nord stream . 
  next in the news . . corrupt-kin cries for help and asks everybody to check their legal lawful privileges . 
  just curious , what 's stopping csu from expanding to other parts of germany ? 
  fellow eastern european there . 
  i barely passed math in high school , ( 29 % in national exam , 5/10 average in last year in school ) and i did n't even took physics the last 2 years in high school . 
  now i make a decent living working as a programmer ( decent by western standards , living in ee ) . 
  no degree , experience only . 
  if you 're still interested in it , it 's perfect timing to get into it . 
  self-taught people are loooved in it . 
  and even entry level it salary in eastern europe is more than decent . 
  sorry to say that , but `` european studies '' sound like a bullshit degree . 
  it 's good if you want to do a political career , but aside from that . . 
  i 'd better hide that diploma . 
  in addition to that , do n't try to bribe traffic cops . 
  you 're likely to get in big trouble . 
  fines are truly small anyway . 
  meh , many people see turks as wanna-be machos , who are whiny loud southerners with fancy hair deep inside . 
  anti-friendly masterrace unite !, 
  just wondering , do you see southerners lithuanian as cold and shy as yourselves ? 
  or too southern/friendly/talkative for you ? 
  we could set up european trading company and have it send some soldiers down there . 
  they could run some business there in exchange . 
  they could respect host country laws in the first place . 
  they could not lie about their country of origin too . 
  that 's more than enough safety net . 
  if a person lies and does n't show any respect , i do n't feel bad about him . 
   what if you really do n't know where to send them back to ? 
  what would you suggest in that case ? 
  there 're ... some method to find that out . 
  home or { name the worst shithole can needs eu money } ? 
   or if it 's 100 % clear that they will be executed if/when they get sent back ? 
  would you still consider it a ` not my problem ' kind of a thing ? 
  if they truly run away from such danger , they 'd better stick to our laws . 
  if they still act like assholes , either it 's not that dangerous or they do n't care . 
  i 'm fine either way . 
  heh  on the bright side , prison guard is a very good career with great future, 
  not with that attitude . 
  but if there was political will , it 'd be easy to send them back to . 
  i can assure you such people wo n't rehabilitate . 
  not because they 're muslim/arab/whatever . 
  western prison is basically a hotel for all but westerners . 
  a shit ton of people with similar attitude moved from eastern europe to the west . 
  prison in the west + party time for as long as they 're caught again is the desired lifestyle for them . 
  probably because western prison is better than what they grew up in . 
  source : being eastern european . 
  in jail , they could be locked up eternally . 
  with this attitude , they 're set to go back to jail once they 're released . 
  the only difference between locking them up forever and not is if they harm any people . 
  but is feeding & housing them forever fair for the hosting society ? 
  the person in question does n't even have a chance to contribute and they suck up a lot of resources . 
  liberal democracy is a very broad term . 
  eastern europe fuckin love liberal democracy . 
  but many eastern europeans see west-style liberal democracy as a bit over-the-top liberal . 
  and both you and we see only the bad bits of each other countries and exaggerate how bad the other is . 
  the historical perspective is important too . 
  historical/political/social narrative was very different for half a century . 
  no shit people prefer different things . 
  introducing foreign words - good . 
  using foreign words instead of established native words - not so cool . 
  when it 's accompanied with a weird mix of grammar of both languages and wrong pronunciation of foreign language - literally hitler . 
  comes with muslim guard included , 
  do n't you have an ass too ? 
  now talking about this pee & run guy ... 
  meh , no \u016b - no power, 
  i understand what you mean . 
  but i think such approach is hypocritical and dumb nonetheless , 
  what 's the right direction ? 
  segregation of men and women ? 
  i bet some muslims say `` once they let even one woman in , it does n't work any more '' about regular mosques . 
  pro-gay and gay-only are very different things, 
  yeah , money is the root of all evils . 
  they should live by higher values . 
  and give them jobs . 
  i hear work sets people free . 
   visit russia before russia visits you \\ - sigismund iii, 
  the general public went much more right-wing-y too though .
