  people religiously defending the law is the fun part though . 
  if you like it that way or it 's just an artefact from wild capitalism of 19th century . . whatever , do what you like . 
  but when arguments about 24/7 slavery and muh worker rights come out . . threads like this is goldmine  let alone that % of people working on sundays is not that much different in either system . 
  the only difference is part of retail workforce . 
  which , after accounting that minority of people get their shifts on sundays , is kinda miniscule . 
  some big grocery shops do cary shoes . 
  the law applies to - any - business though . 
  wether it 's shop or not and whatever it 's selling . 
   except that grocery shops are n't necessary on sundays . 
  restaurants are n't necessary . 
  i 'd dare to say buying groceries is more needed for survival than going out . 
   we 've already established not working on sunday is not a universal right . 
  yet this universal right does n't apply to crapload of professions/jobs . 
  thus it 's not universal . 
   they 're not paying twice . 
  i know germans do n't . 
  just saying how how we deal in ( most ? ), 
  shopping-any-time countries . 
  want to stay open late or on holidays ? 
  pay up . 
  imo it 's more than fair to all sides . 
   but they would . 
  one of them would open sunday and then everybody else would be scared and then everybody would open . 
  does n't match my experience . 
  currently cutting stupid hours is all the rage over there . 
  apparently nobody wants shoes on sunday 10pm . 
  yes , it 's silly to close restaurants on sundays and it does n't make sense to close pool on sundays . 
  as silly as closing grocery shops  we 've already established not working on sunday is not a universal right . 
  i do n't see what is exceptional about grocery shops to make them close . 
  reading this thread , it looks like `` closed-on-sunday '' dudes think otherwise everybody would start working 24/7 and it 'd be literally worse than hitler . 
  i mean ... wtf ? 
  it 's not like letting anybody work on sundays would make everybody work 24/7 . 
  or even on sundays . 
  offices and other non-walk-in jobs would n't suddenly work on sundays . 
  sane work regulations do miracles and most business work `` convenient '' hours anyway . 
  many specialty shops are closed on sundays anyway . 
  some tiny shops even do single shift 12-20 mon-fri or tue-sat . 
  if shop thinks it 's worth to pay their employees 2x because many people want to go shopping on sundays ... good for everybody . 
  businesses do n't want to stay open just for the sake of staying open to keep slaves busy , 
  i know that 's an exception . 
  that 's why we 're talking about it . 
  i do n't see what 's so exceptional about them compared to grocery shop . 
  it just look like weird historical leftover . 
  some people still work on sunday . 
  some workers are more equal than others . 
  fresh food good , prepared food better . 
  which just looks silly from afar . 
  why not extend the law to them then ? 
  why would n't those workers enjoy convenient time off ? 
  why grocery shopping is smth special while restaurant or zoo is not ? 
  is this a problem for restaurant , entertainment or emergency workers ? 
  allowed to work sundays does n't mean working 7 days a week . 
  over there , everybody has to have 2 days off . 
  just not mandated to be specific days . 
  not sure about czech law , but it 'd apply in lithuania . 
  you 'd get paid 2x for sunday and 22-06 ( or similar ) on other days . 
  i know for a fact my gf got said bonus when she worked in fast food which was open 7 days a week and well after midnight . 
  why would i have to have a free day as `` everyone else '' ? 
  i kinda like to have free day when i can take care of all kinds of stuff . 
  and workday night is better for meeting friends anyway , many people head out of town or do all-day stuff on their days off . 
  what if my partner/friends/family would be a restaurant workers or policemen or doctors or entertainers ? 
  what if someone 's partner works in a zoo and is working every saturday and sunday ? 
  maybe it 'd would be great to have more flexibility and make sure they have mondays and tuesdays or whatever off together ? 
  over there people are allowed to work 40h/week . 
  4x10 and 5x8 are both ok . 
  some people work mon-fri , some wed-sun or whatever . 
  oh , and sunday is paid 2x ... nobody works 24/7 . 
  or even 8/7 ... 
   on the other hand the people having to work in shops have a free day usually there 's a cap of hours-per-week which is same wether one works mon-fri or wed-sun or whatever . 
  there 's also mandatory minimum time between shifts that makes sure everybody gets 2 free days in a row once in a while . 
  and sundays ( as well as late night ) are paid 2x . 
  being allowed to work on sunday does n't mean you do n't have `` free day '' . 
  it just means your free day is a different day . 
  sure it 'd be nice if everybody would do few convenient hours and have more money than they could spend . 
  but life is life . 
  people want to work to have money to do other things . 
  it 's not like sunday is some special day either . 
  it 's just another day of the week . 
  for many people having money to do shit they like or just not being a burden for their relatives is worth the tradeoff of not having some sacred day . 
  why should anyone tell anybody that they have to have a specific day off ? 
  there will always be edge cases and someone will always be unhappy . 
  letting people do what they want is good common ground imo . 
  personally i prefer to work weekends and odd hours and have weekdays off . 
  yay shopping in empty-ish supermarket . 
  or riding bicycles on wednesday 10am . 
  tuition is one thing , living expenses is another . 
  many students over there ( not portugal just to be clear ) work to pay for accommodation ( dormitories are paid and have loooong queues ) and cover other living expenses . 
  getting some work experience on resume is nice too . 
  what does it mean ` make other people work ' ? 
  talking in europe as context , nobody is a slave . 
  over there , people are paid 2x for working on sundays . 
  students love it . 
  friends ' friends ' friend worked in hr in a big retail chain and they had more people willing to work sundays and late shifts than they needed . 
  by denying working on sunday , you 'd be taking away those individuals ' right to get paid for work they actually want to do . 
  yep , 2nd foreign language . 
  and yep , dropped it after 10th grade too . 
  in my experience , there were 2 kinds of people , regardless of school . 
  some people spoke at least a little bit russian before taking classes . 
  they did alright . 
  others did n't spoke virtually any russian before taking classes , they did n't spoke much after taking classes either .
