  eh , locally owned supermarket chains is n't a solution either . 
  two major chains in lithuania are locally owned . 
  they control ~ half of the market . 
  yet stuff is overpriced and poor quality . 
  lidl is seen as saviour from the ex-nazi overlords ... 
  you mean american liberalism ? 
  euro liberalism does n't exactly go hand in hand with marx and stuff . 
  quite a few bits of vilnius old town were salvageable after ww2 . 
  but they were cleaned up and soviet crap was built instead of at least matching the style . 
  there was a plan to demolish a big part of vilnius old town and build a highway right through it . 
  this did n't happen , but this process gave us quite a few empty spaces which are now parks and promenades . 
  vilnius old town was much more dense before ww2 . 
  some people bring up a plan to increase density by building old-looking buildings in empty spaces once in a while . 
  but the general public seem to be ok with less dense old town and the plan to revive pre-ww2 oldtown does n't get much support . 
  by the way , after plc partitions , russians took down quite a bit of vilnius oldtown . 
  mostly city walls and gates the old paintings are super lovely . 
  my point was that bending a definition to shine a bad line on it 's original idea makes that research look more opinion-y . 
  or maybe it 's just me drawing too many conclusions from soviet times doublespeak and then applying it to nowadays . 
  either way , i got a bad allergy for what seems to be rewiring of a language . 
  especially when it seems to have an emotional load behind it . 
  same in lithuania . 
  keeping the low prices is kinda nice though . 
  habsburgs ( or any other empire at the time ) were fuckin great !, 
  everybody lived in peace and propsperity !, 
  no nation , no problem , duh, 
  it 's like some orwelian double speak . 
  old term that made perfect sense is changed to have bad meaning . 
  coincidentally , some people despise that idea , but the idea itself is not objectively exactly bad , so they ca n't say they 're against it . 
  then they replace meaning of the term with universally bad thing and tell people just find a new term for the old idea . 
  holodomor and purges were n't civil war, 
  once you start looking into history deep enough , there 're plenty of bits to be guilty for . 
  at least some people who feel guilty for not being guilty say so , 
  nazis did n't want to `` genocide everyone else '' either . 
  only this and that , whole there were a bunch of `` honorary aryans '' which were supposed to be cool . 
  not even taxed . 
  muslims do n't seem to have honorary muslims though ... 
  i guess you replied to wrong post ? 
  so are unions, 
  1831 never forget, 
  you should look into more nationalisms . 
  the whole eastern europe late 80s/early 90s thing was very democratic and peaceful . 
  progressiveness pending one 's political views though . . circa ww1 nationalism was similar in many cases too . 
  nation of springs was more aggressive , but given circumstances it was rather peaceful as well . 
  dictionaries do n't make words , they just state how it 's common to use a word . 
  wether it 's correct or not . 
  and it 's true that quite a few people use ` nationalism ' in such way . 
  yet i do n't think this definition holds any water . 
  even if some politically motivated people want to change the meaning of the word . 
  i 'll stick to classical definition of nationalism thankyouverymuch . 
  exactly . 
  i love diversity and i want to preserve that . 
  and help everybody preserve their unique cultures and let them evolves in ways they themselves see fit . 
  to hell with anybody who thinks their nation is better or other nations are not worthy to be free . 
  wether in empire or whatever you call a melting pot . 
  for your and our freedom !, 
  that 's chauvinism . 
  or good way to paint all 1 . a people with bad light . 
  many regions were not unified regions a century or few ago . 
  or have changed a lot . 
  wether by resettlements , conquers or whatever . 
  i do n't want to get into deep debates about other countries , but in my country national identity is as artificial as any regional identity . 
  being a nation of 3 million people helps of course . 
  unless you 'd say nationalism for small nations is ok , while bigger ones should get into regionalism . 
  but that 's a whole other can of worms ... 
  yeah , consensus by certain political group to derail nationalism . 
  while classical nationalism has nothing with that . 
  i 'm all for nations ' self-sovereignity . 
  which is nationalism since there 's no better term for that . 
  how does it make me `` implicitly '' think that other nations are `` inferior '' ? 
  who defines what is nationality and what is not ? 
  or divide between `` europeans '' and `` germans '' , `` dutch '' etc, 
  going this way , any identity is artificial . 
  even today 's cities are usually assembled of several neighbouring towns/villages . 
  the most artificial construct is eu though . . 
  yeah , it 's wanna-be humanitarian imperialist power at best :d, 
   they do n't have the same collective guilt europe has that 's the difference between western and eastern europes as well . 
  do n't want to generalise too much , but most easterners do n't feel much collective guilt if any . 
  it 's pretty much the laughing material across the board . 
  well , except some people who try to be uber-westerners . 
  but they look quite out of place . . 
   how can you have a sense that the uk is superior to all other nations bullshit . 
  old good nationalism does n't mean `` superior to all other nations '' . 
  most nationalist , aside from some nuts who do n't deserve such name , do n't think other nations are `` inferior '' or whatever . 
  funny how other people love to say that other people call other people names . 
  turns out actually it 's them who are calling other names ... 
  i 'm pretty sure op did n't mean to say that . 
  seemed to be against boaters in addition to mena . 
  why not have no illegal immigrants ? 
  have sensible legal immigration where some people who really want to come and contribute to society can come . 
  illegal immigration is bad by being illegal , full stop . 
  anybody who is following laws to come is 1000x better than someone who broke the law just to get his foot in the door . 
  this is one of european values - follow the damn law . 
  why not neither ? 
  because they were as much sovereign states as later members of ussr . 
  . . aside from short-lived ones that barely count as a state . 
  i do n't count ssrs . 
   people from 100 years had way more children and even having a family was seen as mandatory nope . 
  i studied 19th century in my country a lot . 
  family was a luxury at that time . 
  one had to afford a house to start a family .
