  if politicians know people want no less than paradise and does n't care how it happens , everybody runs on this platform and we get greece . 
  now if people were curious and careful , they would vote for sustainable platforms . 
  even if `` government responsibilities '' are the fault , people responsible for such government . 
  given we 're talking about democracy . 
  should n't the people be responsible for the representative government they elect ? 
  2nd class as in stated on the tag or observed ? 
  bag of groceries for 10ltl ? 
  i 'll get off your lawn in a second . 
  but that 's sooo 99 . 
  even in ' 09 , 10ltl was n't much . 
  unless you prefer to eat cheap crap . 
  they do . 
  from what i hear , meat wholesale warehouses are at the top at worth-visiting shopping list . 
  genuinely curious . 
  any link ? 
  my german is way too bad to google it myself :(, 
  western europe 's infrastructure is getting old . 
  a lot of it was built in decades after ww2 . 
  most was built in pre-internet era . 
  eastern europe 's infrastructure , in most cases , was in a very bad shape in early 90s . 
  the massive development happened in late 90s and 00 . 
  just in time to take internet into consideration . 
  in addition to that , piracy was a major push for faster internet in the east . 
  while the west did n't need fast internet in pre-streaming era , the east was already consuming shitload of bandwith . 
  eastern europe - yes . 
  western - not so much . 
  ttip is going would cause either more food with traces of this pesticide or complete un-ban of it . 
  so what you 're saying , juncker/eu is acting against the will of voters . 
  while prime ministers , who do n't support `` united europe '' plans , listen to voters too much ? 
  shall we demolish democracy and make juncker a dictator ? 
  https://www.tiredowl.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/gwen-stefani-abidas.jpg https://c1.staticflickr.com/1/122/302801974_57368fb219.jpg, 
  nice shoes are nicer imo . 
  and koma is great for mondays !, 
  i 'd bet on adibas or abidas . 
  but i did say it :|, 
  only saying communism is worse than nazism gives karma . 
  truth is they 're equally bad and that does n't grant any karma . 
  how many of those kids are dying in proper capitalist countries rather than crony `` capitalism '' ? 
  also , we should compare deaths per capita in affected territories per year . 
  yeah , every attempt at communism/marxism/etc was not the real thing . 
  but next time it will surely be it and actually work !, 
  well , most cccp crimes were committed before and during stalin . 
  the rest was peanuts compared to what was before . 
  not sure about poland , but in lithuania perma ban means going to driving school lite . 
  less hours with instructor and less class time , but psychology class is added . 
  +50 km/h ( or +30 km/h for beginners ) guarantees perma ban with 6 months required bus time . 
  oh , and drunk driving over 0.15 % means penal code with all bells and whistles that come with it ... 
   what i mean is that if we do it too fast , we will make a lot of species go extinct and reduce biodiversity . 
  if we do it at a slower rate , natural selection will have time to run its course and the species will evolve to adapted creatures ( at least in a higher rate ) . 
  i do n't see how slower rate would help some species , like big mammals . 
  new species will find a way at any rate . 
  at worst , there may be some gaps for a short period of time . 
  but if nature can fill a void , it will fill it . 
   the easiest thing is to reduce not the human population , but the livestock population if we do n't curb human population , this is temporary half assed solution only . 
  if human population keeps growing and developing countries consumption keeps catching up , we wo n't reduce footprint enough , if at all . 
   why ? 
  because that would make the population higher ? 
  two reasons . 
  first , we can start fixing the earth bit by bit . 
  i know our planet is a single unit . 
  but less populated regions are way better off . 
  despite over overcrowded regions . 
  let 's start by downscaling what is already downscaling by itself . 
  otherwise we can just sit and point fingers at regions that abuse the earth more . 
  other thing is migration lets steam off regions that get crowded . 
  otherwise they may realise overpopulation is not fun sooner rather than later . 
  the faster that happens , the faster overall population starts declining . 
  yet we still die and eventually will go extinct as a species too . 
  nature will adapt either way . 
  but quick change is more cruel to witness . 
  elephants or lions will never adapt to live in human cities . 
  unless you see domestic cat as evolution of lion . . 
  the only way to achieve greens ' goal is to reduce footprint massively . 
  either be reducing population or severely limiting what a person is allowed to consume . 
  europe seem to be pretty good at former , but greens being for immigration does n't fit the puzzle :|, 
  we are part of the circle of life and death . 
  it 's not like humans are some god-like figures . 
  modern humanity , no matter how green you try to be , is bad for the environment . 
  the only way to win is not to play . 
  but you start playing by being born . 
  so if somebody paid a guy , he should never criticise the one that paid him ? 
  we did that in lithuania a decade ago . 
  now we 're taking it back , because apparently private quasi monopolies do n't work well : /, 
  culture is the most objective of those things actually . 
  and the only one that really matters . 
   culture secularism does n't cover this one though, 
  it 's only in your best interest only if you manage to save enough to live off or stay healthy and work till you die . 
  additional 200k saved from kids wo n't get you far . 
  let alone that no kids -  more time for hobbies -  more spending -  no 200k for being kids-free . 
  one may argue that they may save more by not paying into the pension system themselves , but they still got ta support their own parents one way or another . 
  health care , especially in europe , depends on generates no less than pension system . 
  all working people pay + / - the same , but old people use up much more than young people . 
  so you 'd have to pull out from health care system as well . 
  or social care , we have state-paid workers who help do errands and housecleaning for elders . 
  i judge things like this by `` if everybody did x , is it sustainable ? '' . 
  anything is ok if there 's just a handful of people doing it . 
  a family of 10 is ok , but if everybody had that many kids , it would n't turn out well . 
  if everybody had no kids , we 'd be fucked . 
  but if few people decide not to have kids - that 's fine . 
  you 're doing exactly that from evolutionary perspective though .
