  either leftist or rightist . 
  but usually just a mix of worst of both of them . 
  and migration crisis is fuelled by far left . 
  let the one far fight the other far and the rest of us can move on . 
  we do teach them upon arriving . 
  language and culture courses as well as excursions to show them around . 
  over there , wolves never went fully extinct . . 
  they do attack cattle once in a while . 
  although deers may be more tasty for them , they love to use cattle as a toy for cubs to learn to hunt on . 
  more farmers report their cattle attacked and left to rot rather than attacked and eaten or missing . 
  also , wolves do not attack humans . 
  unless sole human would bump into several wolves with cubs . 
  which is hardly possible as wolves know about you much sooner than you know about them . 
  human = trouble for them and they do their best to gtfo . 
  it 's not worth the risk for them . 
  i spend quite a lot of time in the forests . 
  wolves are present in the area , judging by footprints . 
  yet i 've seen a wolf only once . 
  i bet wolves have seen me many times . 
  stray dogs are much bigger issue . . fuck those bastards . 
  i 'll take a pack of wolves over stray dogs any day . 
  til . . is it as good as reviews say ? 
  got ta visit next time i 'm around ... 
  who the fuck is that guy though ? 
  i wonder wether i 'm too young or too old :|, 
  is it ? 
  all the de-pl -  pl-ua bit is proper highway since few years ago . 
  got ta go deeper into countryside to get that genuine polish traffic experience nowadays ... 
  or language is one of the biggest things that makes the world a diverse place . 
  the forest is on top of a dune , which probably helps . 
  different perspective : http://www.turistopasaulis.lt/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/olando-kepure-02.jpeg, 
  it 's only for the hill i think ? 
  which was in bad shape anyway . 
  the extra 1cm was needed for emergency due to rainfall . 
  well , joke is on them as most exits from the city were flooded . . 
  that 's what our gov said actually . 
  4.8 cm of precipitation , 1cm to emergency situation . 
  whatever that means in their books ... 
  our older passport was super easy to forge . 
  but yes , we export plenty of brain surgeons and engineers specialising in cars and houses protection systems : / also , if your bike was stolen . . come over , you may buy it for a fraction of the price . . sooo many nice bikes are sold for peanuts at local markets : /, 
  eh , i 'd sign off on that . 
  and ditch pensions completely - raise few kids or save and hope for the best or gtfo . 
  in the end , i think community would actually get more important . 
  but the smaller , immediate community . 
  rather than abstract remote state than somehow manages to solve all the problems . 
  which is not necessarily bad either . 
  but why would you pay social taxes if you 're saving by yourself ? 
  at least that 's how it works out over there . 
  either you ditch taxes and save by yourself or ( somewhat ) trust in social security ... 
  if you 're saving by yourself and do n't trust in state-provided pension , why would you not ditch ( social ) taxes ? 
  people pay taxes for 2 reasons - fear of punishment and hoping to get smth back in return . 
  if people save by themselves , later is gone and they optimise for saving as much as possible . 
  which involves ditching taxes . 
  of course , high probability of getting caught might prevent that . 
  but there 're tons of grey-legal opportunities . 
  even for average folks . 
  in addition to that , i do n't see how ubi could be fully universal and work well . 
  there 're some people who legitimately need more support . 
  like disabled people getting extra to convert their housing and buy equipment . 
  i 'm totally ok with that . 
  but if you extend ubi , it becomes not so universal anymore . 
  same with kids , especially special needs kids . 
  or kids with special talents . 
  now govs are essentially subsidising talented kids with , for example , music lessons . 
  which is nice . 
  but in ubi , this would have to stop . 
  or ubi is not that ubi . 
  social programs is not one-size-fits-all . 
  different people at different points in their lives have different needs . 
  society may want to embrace ( or discourage ) certain things too . 
  neither of these work well with ubi . 
  you know where this line of thinking lead to ? 
  black market . 
  `` fuck it , i 'll prep for old age myself '' is what you say before doing your best to skip social taxes . 
  yeah , that 's what each eastern european say ... `` i 'm not like others '', 
   we ( baltics ) are not actually competiting with eachother . 
  yeah , good try ... 
  both you and i know first thing we check in any chart is how the other is doing . . or just how far ahead estonia is : /, 
  you wish you were red ... more like slightly tinted old bulb . 
  and rich usually consume more expensive stuff which is more likely to be made by people earning more than minimal wage . 
  you know many smbs do n't make much profit ? 
  we recently had few minimum wage raises over there . 
  it 's hard to separate it from other factors , but overall consensus is : - wage effectively increased for minimum wage earners - wage effectively decreased for low-to-mid-tier . 
  very few got raises , while prices did raise . 
  - high earners were not affected essentially poor ones live a wee better . 
  but there 're more ( nearly ) poor people . 
  ee people emigrate west , make monies and then make babies over there though . . 
  well , from what i know frisian language ( s ) seem to be part of west germanic languages . 
  maastricht probably spoke dutch which is part of west germanic too ? 
  how is that comparable to differences from germanic to slavic or finno-ugric languages ? 
  i 'm genuinely interested in how the culture was different though . 
  aside from one being on the coast and other being further into continent and some differences coming from that ( e.g. 
  fishing vs farming ) . 
  quick googling did n't give any reasonable results . 
  if you claim they were that different , i 'd love to get links or at least a short paragraph rather than just reading how it was different and that 's a fact . 
  at least i did provide examples why russia or china are far from integrated nation states . 
  modern communication between london and tokyo takes seconds too . 
  does it mean today 's londoner and tokyote have more in common than people in 1500s from neighbouring towns ? 
  you 're discounting cultural differences and looking only at `` speed of communication '' . 
  if that was true , people living in the same town should assimilate fast .
