   tide turned after the fall of the soviet union . 
  citizen in the former soviet republics of german or russian descent were surpressed , their languages outlawed etc german descent ? 
  which part of ussr was that ? 
  german descendants were n't loved much by the ussr government as far as i know . 
  most of them there sent to israel ( if german-speaking , but jewish ethnicity ) , east germany or some even to west germany in 50s and 60s . 
  russian in ex-ussr states was kinda obvious though . 
  many left because they were ( ex - ) military , state agencies etc. 
  non-locals who learned the local language are doing pretty well though . 
  yes , snie\u010dkus did a bit to both take in less settlers and keep lithuanian as part of daily lives . 
  partisans helped with the settlers part too . 
  lithuania was seen as unsafe territory for quite some time . 
  good kebabs is good . 
  but white trash is white trash . 
  not that there 's anything wrong with it . 
  it turns out shawarma is what we usually call kebab . 
  adidas people of ro and lt unite !, 
   mici looks delicious !, 
  and should be pretty easy to make fast food out of it . 
  they 'll probably have kebabs for the romantic dinner in local supermarket 's parking . 
  or whatever fast food you guys fancy these days . 
  that applies more or less equally to all parts of lithuania i think , 
  true small town \u017demaitija . 
  my friend who is from \u017demaitija said opposite - everything what is built over there gets destroyed , while stuff in parks around vilnius seem to survive longer . 
  i guess it 's ~ the same all around . 
  ehhh , i 'm not sure about that . 
  small towns around vilnius are as crazy as \u017demaitija . 
  at least from my experience . 
  i 've seen ~ the same amount of shot city and speed signs all around lithuania . 
  eastern rural lithuania ( except vilnius ) definitely looks much poorer than western part though . 
  it was disbanded , because it was lead by jedinstvo , which tried to force lithuania back into ussr . 
  if it had suceeded , we 'd have something similar to abchazia or transdniestr . 
  also , a significant part of that supposedly polish territory did n't have poles ' majority . 
  yes , the university staff that was working in occupied vilnius has left . 
  but that 's about it . 
  vilnius university was run by jesuits till the late 18th century . 
  then it was secular . 
  supposedly it might have had more polish influence till tsarist russia occupied vilnius . 
  then university was russificied and completely closed in 1830 . 
  it was reopened only after ww1 . 
  so what was evacuated was the university that was created by poles after occupying vilnius . 
  but from 1579 till closing in 19th century it was n't much polish . 
  fun fact - our relations on government level were the best during kachinsky era . 
  i look forward to them coming back . 
  poles did n't have autonomy in ussr times . 
  ussr did treat poles as shitty as lithuanians though . 
  in early 1990s pro-ussr communists did try to start a separatist region , but it did not succeed . 
  vilnius university had nothing to do with poland influence in the beginning . 
  it was started by jesuits and stephen bathory ( who is from hungary ) and teaching language was latin , as in most universities at that time . 
  i was talking about a department of bialystok university that is located in vilnius . 
  which real thing ? 
  i know how you feel and your arguments . 
  but i 've more than enough backing for how i feel too . 
  the only solution is probably to agree to disagree . 
  but that does n't fix the on the ground issues . 
  russia ... care about poles ... riiiiight . 
  russia does n't do shit about this issue . 
  they 're happy that they have some koloradki wearing , russian tv watching locals , but that 's about it . 
  they care a ton about russians in latvia and estonia though . 
  polish government does care . 
  they finance a lot of educational and cultural stuff . 
  as well as run programmers for poles who want to study in poland . 
  there 's also a university in vilnius that is using polish as official language . 
  i believe it 's partially funded by polish government as well . 
  and they do say a strong word here and there when things really heat up . 
  we feel exactly opposite . 
  my interpretation of `` far away '' might be a little different . 
  i myself spent quite a bit of time in wroclaw area and visited poznan - people in both seem to be super-nice . 
  i did n't spend much time in warsaw , but things did n't seem as nice there . 
  the closer we got to home , the worse it got . 
  i was n't to gdansk yet . 
  but it 'd classify as far away territory . 
  it may be technically closer than warsaw though ... 
  i heard a lot of good stuff about gdansk from other people too , i 'll probably make a trip there next year . 
  totally offtopic . 
  visit sarema if you were n't there before . 
  the rest of estonia is worth visiting too . 
  but hope-in-humanity index varies a lot , closely correlating with russian population size in the area . . 
  well ... 
  should n't they be pro-poland ? 
  from what i see , poles in poland do n't really like the whole koloradki thing . . 
  is n't it strange that pro-poles party do pro-russian stuff which would anger people in poland ? 
  whenever i go to poland , i notice that poles in the south are really nice . 
  but the closer it is to lithuania , the worse it gets . 
  i guess we have a very bad influence to poles - the further from us they 're , the nicer they turn out :|, 
  sorry , i ca n't find the exact document fast enough . 
  i 'll send it your way if i 'll bump into it . 
  i witnessed myself situations when poles from poland and `` poles '' try to speak to each other and fail . 
  it 's especially funny when local `` poles '' believe that po prostu = polish and they get angry that propler poles do n't understand them . 
  we 're not gon na bend over just because . 
  that 's why we build backup infrastructure for backup infrastructure that goes to poland  anyhow , this situation will solve itself in the next decade or two . 
  a big chunk of young `` poles '' learn polish at school , go to poland to study and come back only to visit their relatives once in a while . 
  another big chunk go to lithuanian schools and do n't care about polish letters . 
  none of those vote for the polish minority party . 
  the main polish minority party electorate is naturally leaving this place for good . 
  so this thing will only be in history books sooner or later . 
  then we can put aside all the - isms , take cold hard facts and have this discussion again . 
  i 'm pretty sure they said the practice itself is ok . and po prostu is not anything like polish . 
  people speaking in the first do not understand people speaking in the latter and vice versa . 
  good luck riding on your imaginary high horse . 
  what i was saying that 3rd party , that is more objective than any of us , said that current practice is ok . you can either push what your dreams that have no grounds , or accept that and move on .
