  apparently beating the other neighbourhood in basketball court is better than drinking and causing trouble in local park . 
  everybody has that . 
  according to some statistics , 90 % of alcohol in lithuania is consumed by 10 % of population . 
  i would n't be surprised if this is constant worldwide . 
  . . which includes tourists , alcohol taken abroad by private persons etc. 
  while other countries do n't include these  estonia 's statistics would go off the charts if they included all drinks consumed by fins . 
  some countries self-reporting data , which is even more different . 
  have n't seen people drinking in a bus for years . 
  it takes much much more than 5 minutes to spot someone drinking out in public too . 
  and i go through some shady parts of vilnius frequently . 
  if you 'd stick to touristy parts of lithuania , you would n't see many drinking people either . 
  but 3 beers a day every day ? 
  everybody ? 
  sure , there 're some easy to spot bad examples . 
  but i do n't think it skews statistics that much . 
  yes , people drink . 
  but not much more than people in nearby countries . 
  do n't worry , with out current government , you 'll soon get a lot of alcohol buyers from the south and we 'll fix your numbers . 
  festival goers are n't even the real problem . 
  heavy drinkers do n't buy overpriced watered beer at festivals . 
  or expensive drinks at hi-end food festivals . 
  same about open air bars . 
  none of peasants/greens ` solutions ' will actually do anything . 
  they are targeting wrong demographics - urban middle class , which is not a problem . 
  yet rural/poor people will keep drinking . 
  yay . 
  i call bullshit on this one . 
  there 's no way we drink that much . 
  our truckers supply a shitload of alcohol to expensive countries with high prices though ... 
  in lithuania there 's not much else to do . 
  some people who do n't feel cosy move west . 
  some people mix and they 're assimilated a generation or two in . 
  there will always be few nuts here and there , regardless of what we do . 
  there 're attempts at russian-speaking non-russia-affiliated media , but it can hardly beat russia 's state media ... not sure if it does more harm or good tbh . 
  aiming at their ethnic feelings is not very productive either . 
  russian-speaking community is very diverse and putting russians/ukrainians/belarusians / caucasians/etc into same basket doens ' t work well . 
  latvia and estonia probably have more issues . 
  ca n't say much about them : /, 
  and building public infrastructure using stones from those cemeteries . 
  no better way to commemorate jewish community by running up a flight of stairs built of their gravestones !, 
  `` as saviour [ coming ] from '', 
   everything is better than being dead after reading memoirs and medical accounts of people tortured by soviets ( or any other ruthless regime ) , i would n't be so sure, 
  russia offers them passports and even relocation help . 
  yet many of them do n't take them . 
  stateless residents still get all perks of eu . 
  jews were happy to give glorious nazis lebensraum . 
  / s just in case ... 
  both were selectively oppressive and controlling . 
  both had ideal man and tried to bend society to fit that ideal . 
  which was strangely similar , aside from race vs class . 
  both had strict hierarchy without much democracy . 
  both had socialist in their title , but neither gave workers control of industry . 
  fun thing is , soviets did n't do much to make it part of `` our '' history . 
  there was very little done to memorise jews and genocide . 
  community before ww2 was quite separated as well . 
  although there were no pogroms ( at least in lithuania ) , there was n't much interchange either . 
  it 's better to allow the shitstorm . 
  hopefully some people unaware of context read the read and can make up their mninds . 
  it 's better to discuss opinions and sweep crappy opinions under the rug . 
  be it this or any modern pc issue . 
  and second guy tortures you for 50 years . 
  none of them deserves to be called liberator though . 
  so actual on-the-ground actions are less facts than some theoretical plans ? 
  the lowest rate i saw was 10 % , but some estimates go much higher . 
  feel free to look up them . 
  afaik there 's no `` official '' number . 
  look up conditions in gulag as well . 
  at nazi camps , people at least got a roof over their heads . 
  they did kill quite a bunch of people and imported a bunch of settlers . 
  practical soviet numbers are not as cool as theoretical nazi numbers . 
  but again , it 's practical vs theoretical . 
  who knows if nazis would have continued as good performance as in the beginning . 
  soviets slowed down after initial spree too . 
  you mean good example of soviets having no good examples ? 
  read up on it . 
  that was n't exactly good thing , rather the opposite . 
  balts are not slavs though . 
  and while nazis had theoretical plan , soviets went forward with it . 
  although at slower pace . 
  damn lazy ruskies . 
  that 's like saying not all jews should count towards holocaust , because some of them died due to poor conditions rather than specific killing action . 
  why ? 
  rational people complain about migrants as well . 
  poor competition - definitely . 
  the main issue is small shops in '90s were crap . 
  expensive , bad customer service , poor variety and/or outdated goods . . then supermarkets came in and changed it all . 
  now they have little competition and overall quality degraded in the last decade or so . 
  quality regulations are ok-ish . 
  i see no problem with allowing cheap food . 
  the problem is subpar produce from possibly fake international brands and cheap products masking as non-cheap , which is not exactly regulations issue either . 
  stingy population is only half of the problem . 
  some people buy cheapest stuff possible , even if they could afford better food . 
  yet farmer markets and premium eco/fair trade/fresh/insert-your-gimmick foods are huge too . 
  even lidl installed a fresh/eco section few months in . 
  the problem is mid-tier products . 
  they 're rather expensive , but quality is not much better . 
  for example , meat products . 
  cheaper stuff is well ... cheap . 
  premium products are great for a fair ( as in , expensive , but not crazy expensive ) price . 
  there 's no middle ground though - only cheap from generic brand or mid-tier pricing from well advertised brands .
