  and some germans . 
  and then a bunch of other ussr-sourced people . 
  not exactly what i 'd call monocultural . 
  the theme in this thread is `` war makes innovation many times faster '' , not `` no war - we 're pre stone age '' . 
  sorry if you got memo wrong . 
  who knows , may be it would have existed . 
  maybe not . 
  what we know is military played a big role in creation and advancement of it . 
  as well as computing in general . 
  because it evolved from us military project ? 
  fast , reliable and secure communications is critical during war . 
  internet , as technology , is perfect for that . 
  they did n't have conflicts on home soil , but they engaged in a lot of conflicts far away . 
  they had both motivation and secure home base to innovate . 
  welp , if you 're total minority . . 
  there 's not much you can do . 
  but changing the system the other way may mean that other people , who are majority in your regions , may have no representation . 
  if there would n't be enough of them eu-wide . 
  or if closest to them popular eu-wide persona would n't represent them well enough . 
  eu is still influenced by nation states . 
  thus eu army decision would be decision of nation states . 
  the difference is how you and i define representation . 
  wether it 's by views or that someone is affected by my vote . 
  maybe it 's cultural differences ? 
  over there , we have regional representation in national parliament . 
  even worst dipshits try to work their regions to make sure they 're re-elected or at least another guy from their party is elected instead of him . 
  if there 's enough noise , even not from their fan base , they usually try ( or pretend to try ) to turn some knobs up there to get it fixed . 
  they usually hold public meetings in their regions once in a while so you can come and question your local dipshit and try to convince him to pursue something . 
  i agree it 's not working perfectly . 
  but even if it 's a bit of democracy theatre , i kinda like this representative democracy thing . 
  i 'd better fix it to make local representatives more accountable to their region than drop them completely . 
  it 's not that i want or do n't . 
  it 's representation of majority of my region . 
  but it 's still my representative and , when calling to him i do n't have to say wether i voted for him or not . 
  but i can expect for him to look into my question if he expects my vote in the next election . 
  that 's the core of representative democracy , is n't it ? 
  in the other formula , i can end up with no representation at all . 
  neither based on ideas , nor geographically . 
  there may be no one who gives a fuck about my vote in any way . 
  even in theory . 
  the one who was elected in my region ? 
  huh ? 
  i can easily google the number and call the dude ( well , more likely his secretary ) . 
  at least there 's some kind of representation . 
  even if the dude is likely to tell me to piss off . 
  who do i call and who represents me in non-regional system ? 
   but arguing you wo n't be guaranteed defence and at the same time saying you 'll be dragged into foreign missions is ingenuous . 
  that 's what i 'm trying to say . 
  let 's say where would be a unified chain of command . 
  if all countries have to sign off , i see problems to get any defence at all , not only `` entire eu '' . 
  if minority of countries can drag whole eu into a conflict , it kinda sucks too . 
  if it 's multiple chains of command . . no eu backing . 
  so pretty much loose-loose situation . 
  imo eu army would be a final nail in eu coffin at the moment . 
  it may work after another 50 years . 
  now ? 
  no way . 
  the main thing is chain of command . 
  does it require all-in or at least majority consensus ? 
  if yes , i 'm out . 
  i do n't trust france/germany/italy enough . 
  if any individual country is able to dispatch some partition of military at it 's own will , that 's not much difference from what nato is . 
  another thing is sending military on missions abroad . 
  france seem to be happy to deploy to their ex-colonies . 
  i 'm sure most countries would n't be ok with that . 
  let alone any offensive operation . 
  like in syria against isis or libia . 
  unified chain of command would bring up the issues i mentioned . 
  separate chains of command are not worth `` unified army '' title . 
  shopping together and equipment standardisation is already there . 
  as well as training together . 
   what happens in ukraine is n't a specific interest of any country in europe well ... lithuania and poland ( and maybe other countries ) are doing a lot to help ukraine . 
  for example , lithuania sends so called lethal aid to ukraine . 
  as well as helps in training ukrainian military . 
  medical help is provided to both ukraine military and civilians . 
  this is our specific interest to help ukraine to keep russia busy & away . 
  there are ( were ? ), 
  quite a few non-gov initiatives as well . 
  ranging from helping displaced civilians to non-lethal aid to military . 
   the european $ position party is n't it virtually the same as current system ? 
  regional parties have their own views and then join at ep with parties they can agree with . 
  coming from the one of the border states , we just do n't trust that centralised army would help us if shit hits the fan . 
  the response to georgia and ukraine was underwhelming to say the least . 
  us is working hard on making us trust them . 
  france , germany or italy ? 
  well . . 
  so pride in being diverse and having no common ground ? 
  i doubt that 'd fly . 
  and once there 's some common ground , the `` inter '' bit starts vanishing and we 're left with pure nationalism . 
  one of the points for regional representation is you can contact your representative wether you voted for him or not . 
  in your system , who 'd i call to if my guy was n't elected ? 
  that is obviously worse than your first attempt which was worse than what i describe . . 
  anyhow , you should question one of the experts by a grocery store in some small town . 
  they may have better answers than me : /, 
  nah , it 's too cold to get angry over there . 
  why waste energy for anger ? 
  well , that `` semi-jokingly '' part is what sets us aside from romanians . 
  we love to laugh to death . 
  which is usually by suicide , 
  no need even for that .
