  a big apartment/house to fit 2 or 3 kids is fuckin expensive . 
  that 's one of the reasons why people who do have kids settle for a single kid . 
  better child care access would be nice too . 
  especially for on-demand off-hours child care . 
  it 's true that people 's lifestyles have changed a lot . 
  childcare could adapt to suite that too . 
  that 'd greatly benefit the middle class too . 
  so no diversity in human rights ? 
  what is separating what is true diversity and what is not ? 
  or is it another no true scotsman kind of thing . . 
  that and there 's no consensus wether abortions do n't cause long term psychological issues . 
  i 've bumped into quite a few different opinions . 
  that 's the diversity of the world . 
  my point was that original christianity was not `` our '' culture . 
  we took some bits and applied to our pre-christian cultures . 
  sure we are not bad wanting that whoever comes should follow our rules . 
  but in my book , that 's not diversity either . 
  more diversity would be letting everybody follow their cultures in their homecountries . 
   christians arent supposed to eat pork either , but who cares since when ? 
  christians are new testament people . 
  old testament does n't apply much to christians as far as i know . 
  in most of europe , christianity-based culture is local culture with christianity blended in . 
  i know for a fact that in my country , many of the local `` christian '' celebrations were carried over from pre-christian times . 
  there 're certain location-specific believes too . 
  for example , many people consider marry to be more important than the holy-trio . 
  from what i heard , that would n't fly in other countries . 
  the main explanation is that when christianity came , woman-based sun was more important ( or at least equal to ) man-based god . 
  thus the church adopted and marry was made more important than in the original version . 
  totally agree that the beauty of the world is the diversity of cultures and humanity . 
  imo , nation states and highly diverse regions of the world is the ultimate diversity . 
  i doubt it can get more diverse than that . 
  sure , if somebody wants to come to a certain country and live by it 's laws and customs , that 's cool . 
  but when importing some culture , diluting it ( and possibly local culture too ) and praising it as some kind of diversity . . that does n't fly by me . 
  that 's exact opposite of improving diversity . 
  let 's say everybody sticks to their old cultures and stay at home . 
  would n't that be more diversity than putting everybody together and remodelling their cultures to follow the modern western culture ? 
  so you 're saying that diversity is good . 
  but only some kind of diversity . 
  skin color diversity is good . 
  but culture diversity ( burkas is part of a culture ) ai n't good . 
  and diversity is good as long as the people drop `` certain aspects '' of their cultures . 
  that 's effectively limiting diversity too . 
  would n't it be easier to say that you do n't want diversity , aside from a kebab and more colors out on the streets ? 
  aborts sure have no bad side effects . 
  they could allow 4th trimester aborts as well . 
  now that 'd be great for freedom of women . 
  do n't like how your kid turned out ? 
  we got a solution , 
  one more reason why portugal is in eastern europe ... 
  yep , russia was n't exactly happy . 
  i thought you mean locals as in locals of the given bloc :  in the meantime each side carries the propaganda war to convince the locals that the other side 's claims are worse option, 
  over there in lithuania , nato did n't have to do much convincing . 
  there was massive public support from early 90ies . 
  eu had more work to do actually . 
  i do n't have a recent poll on hand , but i remember nato support was even higher than eu 's . 
  even most of eurosceptics are nato supporters . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's the case throughout north/east europe . 
  might be different in countries that did n't experience russia first-hand though . 
   whatever they feel , that is their problem . 
  getting angry at others because of your own feelings is powerfully retarded . 
  and , obviously , not an excuse . 
  people are responsible for their choices . 
  just curious , does the same apply to greece ? 
  should greeks be responsible for voting for people who brought them to current shitty situation ? 
  do i smell pexit ? 
  all kinds from university age to well over 40 . 
  whoever you can meet in pubs , concerts , out in the woods and wherever . 
  i love to just sit in a public square and observe random strangers too . 
  of course , i read a book or smth to look less creepy  your experience reminds me students exchange stuff . 
  only people with certain mindset would show up . 
  i did that back in high school . 
  by the way , my only outbound exchange trip was to netherlands  did n't notice much differences in between group discussions and night sessions . 
  several years later , i went solo traveling as well as living abroad for several months at a time . 
  holy fuck is n't europe diverse , let alone asia . 
  or we may be talking about different ways of diversity . 
  as i said above , everybody wants to have fun and better life . 
  but under the hood , the definition of these things seem to vary quite a bit . 
  as well as approach to them . 
  and just general day-to-day stuff . 
  food , language , emotions , common pastimes , family roles ... 
  each country has quite a specific character , how they live day-to-day , interact with other people . 
  even their common hobbies and how they spend time with their families . 
  all of them may want iphones and need more $ $ $ . 
  but the rest is quite a bit different . 
  from what i saw , there 's definitely a `` nation character '' in most countries . 
  sure , there 're always outliers . 
  but average briton is definitely very different from average fin who is very different from average italian . 
  european countries wrote those international treaties themselves . 
  it can be easily changed what is legal and what is not . 
  even wwi was n't caused by nationalism . 
  pre-wwi was very similar to what we have now . 
  big government and big corporations . 
  a lot of wwi `` warm up '' wars were caused by business interests and power struggle , rather than nationalism itself . 
  nationalism was definitely the cover issue to rally the public support . 
  but under the hood ... just like democracy/freedom / * - rights is the perfect cover these days . 
  why would any it people from ee go to greece ? 
  it super hot in ee already . 
  wages are soaring and , given cheap prices , quality of life is higher at home than abroad . 
  well , unless living in greece will get even cheaper than poland or romania . 
  i work in it in lithuania .
