  although i 'm sure there 're some people who believe it was just a civil war and no palestinian or any other refugee could do no harm to the host country . 
  lebanon is past that point now . 
  in addition to syrians , another huge part of their population is palestinian refugees and their descendants . 
  effectively most of their population is refugee-style immigrants who immigrated in the last 50 or so years . 
  there 're some theories that the initial palestinian refugees was the cause for civil war . 
  that faction was killed off in the very beginning . 
  it does n't look like they got much following in the population . 
  there was study that some of the non-assad/non-isis factions were fighting for even more islamistic causes . 
  so looks like there 're non-assad/non-isis people who want to fight , but fight for islamist stuff too . 
  if there was any sagnificant following for democracy/freedom/etc , would n't there be some kind of faction for that ? 
  with all the press targeted at syria , even obscure faction wit correct ideals would be brought to the spotlight . 
  if you just take tv out of the picture , people would read internet news funded & written by the same people . 
  if different sources exist on the net , that does n't mean that people would look at them . 
  if they watch tv polonia now , they 'd just read polonia.pl instead . 
  the problem is people being ok with mass media that makes them feel comfortable , not the certain technologies . 
  what you 're talking about is basically a massive circlejerk run by popular tv channels . 
  but as you can see on reddit , circlejerk is far from tv-only thing  instead of saying `` drop tv '' , say `` go talk to different people and consume media that you feel offended by '' . 
  i used to get caught in the one-sided bubble . 
  now i try to read as many differently biased outlets as i can . 
  it helps a little . 
  the `` electorate of anger '' is a thing in lithuania too . 
  there 's a quite steady amount of people , ~ 10 % , that vote for an obscure party . 
  next election , they vote for another obscure party . 
  it has been a thing for the last . . 4 ? 
  sometimes the obscure party turns out to be the sane one and helps to form a good coalition . 
  or it turns out to be a total freak show . 
  yep , news on the internet are never biased . 
  well , let 's say we 'd decide that limit is 0 . 
  my biggest issue is someone else deciding what we got ta do . 
  lithuania took in some ukrainian immigrants . 
  there 're quite a few belarussian and russian immigrants too . 
  we relate to their struggles and , since it 's mostly well-off or skilled people , they actually help our economy . 
  now somebody says we should take care of syrians or whatever too . 
  well ... we 'll invite them if we 'd feel we should and can help them too . 
  cost is far down the list . 
  the # 1 is we do n't like muslims around us . 
  # 2 is our economies do n't lack work hands , we have enough of our own . 
  so any immigrants are basically stuck on benefits forever . 
  unless they 're high skilled and willing to learn a language of 3 millions . 
  wwii situation was different to say the least . 
  refugees did n't get much welfare and they did n't travel through shit ton of countries for shit and giggles - they stayed in 1st safe country and were happy with whatever they were given . 
  this seems more like blackmailing than contribution . 
  hey , we got these people , they do n't want to go to your country , you do n't neeed them either ... 
  but we 'll dump them onto your anyway . 
  it 's big enough in lt too . 
  being anti-immigration it feels like the government wants immigrants to look more westerny/nordicy . 
  but they know they wo n't be re-elected with such stance . 
  so instead of going with what the population wants , they try to make us like it . 
  that 's probably easier than explain to germonies that we 're racists/nationalists/bigots / whatever and we do n't want immigrants . 
  any amount of immigrants wo n't save estonia or lithuania or whatever * nation * from downsizing population . 
  middle east immigrants might become citizens , but they do n't seem to assimilate much in europe . 
  state and nation issues are 2 different issues . 
  state issue might be solved by bringing in immigrants . 
  nation - no . 
  few generations later , people may be happy we do n't have the immigrants with their issues . 
  and focus and fixing our nations population by natural means instead . 
  18 90s were best 90s !, 
  the trick about expensive cars is slightly used post-crash cars . 
  many people there take a 5 years old audi/bmw/lexus / etc instead of a new skoda or ford . 
  it looks like their plan to look rich is working  infrastructure depends on region a lot . 
  some small towns look super nice after euromonies . 
  some stole too much or were too lazy to get them , so they look the same as in 90s . 
   oh , okay , that makes sense - although i guess that only started in late 16th century . 
  i 'm not exactly sure , but it 's more like 18th century and the peak was 19th century . 
  in 16th century , nobility was starting to merge . 
  but peasantry could n't care less about other languages and culture . 
  for example , paganism was highly relevant in lithuania and church issues were n't in sight . 
   on the other hand , i think common knowledge elsewhere is that he was polish  well . . poland is much more relevant , thus your version is more known outside . 
  same about many other heroes of that time . 
  i 'm sure you count him as mostly polish , while we treat him as lithuanian . 
  \u017deligovskis himself was quite an interesting and conflicting figure . 
  at least in early years , he was calling himself commonwealth citizen . 
  he saw poland as the new commonwealth and he did n't care much about ethnic poland as we see it today . 
  the ethnic lithuania was a weird mistake to him . 
  an obstacle to recreate the commonwealth . 
  it was n't a foreign entity that was trying to occupy his fatherland ( he was born near vilnius ) . 
  it was more about some of his own men trying separate and go a different way , which he did n't like . 
  the very good example is naming during the initial years of vilnius issue . 
  the \u017deligovskis-ruled vilnius region was called `` middle lithuania '' . 
  so \u017deligovskis and his supporters did n't treat it as a part of ethnic poland . 
  it was part of what they thought is lithuania , which should be a part of the commonwealth.the republic of lithuania was referred as `` western lithuania '' . 
  \u017deligovskis was planning to conquer it as well . 
  but that never happened , because vilnius region itself gave more than enough headache . 
  i never saw a term `` eastern lithuania '' , but i guess it 'd refer to minsk region , which was part of lgd for many years . 
  i think the core issue is treating ethnic poland , ethnic lithuania and the commonwealth as very different entities . 
  the problem starts when some people , from both sides , compare commonwealth to ethnic poland or , to lesser extent , ethnic lithuania . 
  it 's very hard to judge what was more polish or more lithuanian back then . 
  there 's no way to clearly separate that , the historic context was that much different back then . 
  sadly , many shitty things were done in later times , which just makes this issue bigger :|, 
  when catholic church started moving towards non-latin masses , church in both lithuanian and polish parts of the commonwealth pushed for polish masses . 
  some people went against that and tried to push lithuanian in churches . 
  some people believed that `` god does n't understand peasant languages '' . 
   baltic , ruthenian , polish and russian minorities sorry dude , but baltic is not a minority . 
  baltic is the common root of lithuanian , latvian and other now-vanished languages/cultures . 
  russians came in the picture mostly post-ww2 . 
  very few russian nobility and refugees came during tsarist times . 
  most ruthenians moved into nowadays lithuania post-ww2 as well . 
  there was some overlay to the east of vilnius , which is now belorusia during lgd times . 
  similar to poles vs germans in nowadays western poland . 
  one village lithuanian , another ruthenian and so on .
