  i 'd say those people are there since forever . 
  it 's not their homeland just for `` few-hundred-years '' . 
  before the commonwealth partitions , polish influence was very strong and i 'd say lithuania would have become another poland 's region given another 100 years . 
  nobility nearly there and peasants were following them as polish was definitely trendy , while lithuanian was reserved for poors and weirdos . 
  the church did a lot towards that , with the legendary `` god does n't speak lithuanian . 
  polish is the catholic 's language '' . 
  that was strong after the partitions too . 
  i do n't have a link on hand , but throughout 1800s villagers were having fights what language shall be used in churches . 
  some were advocating for lithuanian , while some for polish . 
  literal fist fights . 
  village vs village , neighbour vs neighbour . 
  people who were living next to each other for generations . 
  after the 2nd uprising in 1864 , lithuanian was banned by russian government . 
  the only legal press was either russian or polish . 
  thanks to church , peasants were much more likely to know polish than russian . 
  that was another push towards polonisation . 
  it 's not like poles somehow immigrated . 
  it 's the same bunch of people . 
  i think that 's one of the underlying issues . 
  it 's not us vs. them . 
  it 's more like . . you 're not different guys , come join us on the tricolor side . 
  and they 're like . . nah , god still does n't understand lithuanian  fun fact , nowadays there 's quite a clear split by church . 
  lithuanians do n't actively go to church . 
  poles , even young people , do . 
  aside from that , there 're not much cultural differences . 
  at least i 'm not aware of them . 
  sorry for the wall of text . 
  hope you read smth interesting . 
  you 'd be amazed by what tomashevski and his clique is doing and accomplishing . 
  their ties to jedinstvo and actions during break up of ussr are worth mentioning too . 
  as i mentioned before , jews , tatars and russians somehow are doing just fine . 
  and big chunk of those `` poles '' are exactly expats . 
  that 's one of the reasons why they do n't speak fluent polish . 
  whomever was polish enough , left after ww2 . 
  then lots of people from belarus and ukraine immigrated and settled in vacant farms . 
  anyhow , we can talk about history back and forth a lot . 
  but the thing boils down to wether they want to be closed up in their enclaves or keep their identity ( wether po-prostu or polish ) and integrate ( not assimilate ) into society around them . 
  german empire was never there . 
  except for a couple years during wwi . 
  nowadays , few specific persons are pushing those people to feel polish . 
  and those people seem to be loyal to neither poland , nor lithuania . 
  if there was no tomashevski , we would n't have this whole issue . 
  there may be a much smaller po-prostu speaking and some polish minority . 
  but both of them would be much better integrated . 
  what tomashevski is pushing for , is basically segregating those people from the rest of lithuanian society . 
  for example , they complain that they have to take the same lithuanian exam as native speakers . 
  and want as few lithuanian ( or in lithuanian ) lessons as possible . 
  effectively their lithuanian is quite poor , thus they have limited career opportunities . 
  tomashevski-ruled regions frequently top poverty and unemployment charts . 
  they 'll either be a lower socioeconomic caste or dream of joining poland forever . 
  neither is fair to either side imo . 
  if someone speaks the official language and wants to keep his nationality on the side - fine by me . 
  for some reason , other minorities do just fine . 
  jews , tatars . . 
  even russians . 
  speaking about graves , my relatives graves are in polish and russian . 
  whomever was ruling at the time of their deaths . 
  pole-proper is someone who lives in poland-proper and speaks fluent polish . 
  wan na be poles are mostly local hillbillies . 
  some of them are ethnically locals , who were polonised , russificied and then polonised again . 
  some of them are post-ww2 settlers from nowadays belarus and ukraine . 
  they speak `` po prostu '' which is russian , polish and lithuanian mix . 
  young generation are thought polish at school . 
  but speak po prostu at home . 
  somehow learning different language than your mother tongue is saving your culture or smth ... 
  there 're some locals who speak polish as mother tongue . 
  but they 're quite rare and may be a minority in polish minority . . 
  in my circles , the consensus is that proper-poles are ok . 
  but fuck local peasants who pretend to be poles . 
  look up \u0160al\u010dininkai autonomy attempt and llra/tomashevsky links to jedinstvo . 
  basically tomashevsky and his clique is leftovers from people who tried to stop independence movement in 1990/1991 . 
  after their initial attempt failed , they tried to form smth similar to padniestre or abkhazia . 
  that unsuccessful affair increased anti-polish sentiments a lot . 
  nowadays llra is just making it worse . 
  good luck dealing with local governments run by llra if you try to speak lithuanian to them  corruption is wide spread . 
  soft-rigged elections is common . 
  employing people who do n't speak any lithuanian in local government is apparently ok too . 
  the general argument is not `` muh culture '' , but feeling that llra is shitty people who do n't do reasonable politics . 
  you made a mistake in `` arbata '', 
  because jews are citizens and poles are n't in most cases ? 
  a vocal and voting 0.71 % can make a huge difference in the times of low turnout . . 
  i downvoted because you 're arguing about your wider agenda instead of talking about the article in question . 
  it 's hard to have a discussion when i 'm talking about apples and you 're talking about agriculture . 
  just to pleasure you more , i 'll say that unhcr is full of shit . 
  lookup eurostat . 
  not so much syrians according to them . 
  not sure if after or before counting fake syrian passports . 
  anyhow , this route is mostly subsaharan africans . 
  did you even look at the article ? 
  it has up-to-date statistics . 
  no syrians/afghanis/iraqis in sight . 
  and how many of those hundreds of thousands of africans are from iraq , yemen or syria ? 
  africa was fucked up for decades . 
  iraq/syria/lybia sure looked nice while some despot was ruling them . 
  but they were n't great developed countries either ... 
  their countries were fucked up no less 10 or 20 years ago . 
  they did n't came en masse back then though ... 
  or people who already came are bragging how great they 're doing , thus more people want a piece of it . 
  no need to be so sad . 
  i bet they have a stash of pictures from around ussr or even eastern europe if they were lucky .
