  but even then , a citizen could live without buying anything from a private business . 
  there was some small business , but all bigger stores/factories/farms / whatever was still owned by the government . 
  for example , in lithuania , food prices in government stores ( =  95 % of all stores ) were fixed through 1991 , a year after announcing independence . 
  mass privatisation did n't start for another few years later . 
  ussr and communism was long gone by that time . 
  are you talking pre-ussr collapse or after ussr collapse ? 
  prices ( both food and non-food ) were fixed till the end of ussr . 
  in fact , even after ussr collapsed , prices still were fixed for some time . 
  the variety of food is a different topic . 
  people did n't starve-starve , but it was far from a good diet , depending on location . 
  of course , black market did exist and it 's prices were outrageous . 
  but i assume you 're talking about the official socialism bit . 
  eh , nowadays russia sucks . 
  i 'm glad my country is much better now . 
  people had all of those things rights till the last day of ussr . 
  but they still were n't exactly happy . 
  ussr was like this . 
  people would have pretty much eternal employment , no medical bills and education was free . 
  people were n't very happy though ... 
  even if ussr was n't socialism by your standards , it does match your perfect rights , 
   nationalism is a shared group feeling in the significance of a geographical and sometimes demographic region seeking independence for its culture and/or ethnicity that holds that group together yes-but-no . 
  you do have the `` group feeling '' of culture and language , but you do n't seek independence for your group , because you already have it . 
  and the `` homeland '' is very debatable term too . 
  as far as i understand it , `` homeland '' is more from state perspective than nation/culture/language perspective . 
  i look at it this way . 
  can you be a nationalist of a nation that does n't have it 's state ? 
  catalan nationalist ? 
  i 'm pretty sure yes . 
  so you can be nationalist of culture/language/etc . 
  can you be a patriot of catalan ? 
  that does n't sound true to me , because there 's no catalan entity that you can be patriot of . 
  can you be nationalist of eu ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  can you be a patriot of eu ? 
  sure , there 's a specific entity and you can be patriot of it . 
  disclaimer : i know there 're a lot of different nationalism and patriotism definitions . 
  which is more true ? 
  depends on context and region i guess . 
  i do n't know if i got the vibe correctly , but it seemed like you there offended by being called a nationalist . 
  do n't do much flag waving , but i 'm proud that i 'm lithuanian . 
  being `` citizen of the { world/europe/etc } '' seemed nice when i was young , but now that seems less and less interesting . 
  i 'm all for nation-states and i believe homogenous ( - ish ) nation states is the best way to go . 
  these days i do n't know what is being european . 
  i do n't associate neither with modern left-loving internationalist european , nor corrupt power-hungry eu as political structure . 
  i wish i could be part of a strong europe that can stand for itself and truly improve lifes of europeans as well as others . 
  but current eu seems further and further from that . 
  it 's still working btw . 
  a couple friends of mine went partying in ukraine . 
  they said they now understand how westerners feel in lithuanian bars/clubs ... 
  because you said you care about national language and national culture , but do n't care about germany as a state . 
  nationalist = the one who cares about his nation . 
  patriot = who cares about the state , which is not necessary nation-state . 
  thus you 're more nationalist ( = caring about german nation ) than patriot ( = caring about germany as a state ) . 
  of course , there 're other more . . modern nationalist definitions ... 
  depends how you define . 
  nationalism , by classical definition , is n't putting your nation ahead of the others either . 
  common people did n't think nazis will follow through . 
  in lithuania , soviets started shit immediately when they came . 
  people were quite happy when nazis came and soviets ' atrocities stopped . 
  people experience in territories ruled by soviets for years may had been different . 
  well , they did n't knew in early stages for sure . 
  and after soviets , nazis did look pretty good . 
  well , to native population , not jews . 
  he 's talking about defacto soviets glorification rather than some `` official '' doctrine . 
  book a trip to russia and you 'll be surprised . 
  latvia had closer cultural ties with germany for a long time . 
  lithuania and germany were fighting since medieval ages , there was some territorial disputes just before wwii ... lithuanians respected and admired germany up to some point , but it was love-hate relationship . 
  what 's your point ? 
  soviets did a lot of shit . 
  then nazis came and tried to push out soviets . 
  local people were happy about that . 
  unknown is more preferable than the very bad situation . 
  you 're now banned from / r/childfree, 
  it 'd be interesting to see breakdown by native swedes , immigrants ( including 2nd or even 3rd generation ) from europe and non-european immigrants ( +2 nd/3rd generation ) . 
  nah , drunk britons is not a rare sight in vilnius either . 
  their partying seemed weird till i went to edinburgh . 
  now i 'm glad they act . . relatively cultured when they 're abroad , 
  that 's probably the most estonian story i 've read in a while . 
  i went to saaaremaa last summer . 
  estonian & english everywhere . 
  no russian signs seen . 
  i saw some pupils from russian language school in kuressaare castle . 
  all displays in that exposition there in estonian + english , so their teacher had to pick up a russian infosheet ( put together with latvia , lithuanian , french , german ... ) and read stuff from there . 
  saaremaa is awesome . 
  would visit again . 
  even in case of true pure refugees , those who make far from the conflict to europe are probably stronger/richer/etc than those who are stuck back at home or in 1st safe country . 
  well , germany police seems understaffed and they 're running out of housing for refugees . 
  i 'm not sure if that 'll eat up several billions , but that will certainly take a nice cut . 
  `` refugee tax '' proposed by german finance minister does n't look like money is no problem either . 
  it does n't look like most of the migrants are those who suffer the most . 
  in long term , emigration hurts their home countries a lot and makes them less likely to get stable . 
  mostly because of brain drain and population imbalance . 
  also , $ 1 can go much longer in poor countries than in europe . 
  it looks like sweden and germany are already running out of cash to handle the migrants . 
  i doubt any of them have resources to both import them and stabilise their home countries . 
  will importing a handful of people solve their home country 's problems and help their ( usually weaker ) peers left back at home ? 
  you could just call them lesttonia, 
  you might be interested in \u0105 \u010d \u0119 \u012f \u0161 \u0173 \u016b \u017e too, 
  so that 's why you got deers and elks standing on the side of the road, 
  i do n't know that region well enough that i could argue if someone believes it was n't .
