  lots of private yachts and motorboats as well . 
  small/medium town to the north of vilnius . 
  town itself is kinda boring industrial province city . 
  but it 's a gateway to partying-by-lake district , so ... [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkk8p1_n4le ) is one of the biggest bands from that town . 
  was kinda well known during early 90s so your mil may know it if she was into that kind of music . 
  not even much of side trip actually , it 's pretty much a vilnius suburb these days . 
  30min on train or ~ the same by car . 
  prepare to eat kibinas , go to castle and have your swimming gear with you  add paddle boat while secretly drinking cold bear and it 's as lithuanian experience as it gets . 
  hmmm , maybe it 's blocking widening of them which would be required for certain category . 
  all i know is they want to cut a wee bit of one of the islands to improve the rowing track and google foo is failing me tonight . 
  anyhow , hope you like it over there !, 
  and hopefully there will be even better track soon , in whatever way . 
  \u0160iauliai lake is not lake-lake . 
  [ wiki ] ( https://lt.wikipedia.org/wiki/talk\u0161a#/media/file:siauliuplanas1800.jpg ) says it used to be a swamp with a creek before . 
  while trakai is as natural as it gets . 
  the only change is water is lower nowadays . 
  that 's why the castle water channel is dry now . 
  too many creeks were diverted . 
  is 2km of full width with the island blocking some tracks ? 
  i was under impression it was 2km + the rest being blocked by that island . 
  i may be wrong though : /, 
  as other said , it 's a rowing track . 
  i heard it 's one of the few ( only ? ), 
  long distance rowing tracks in natural lake . 
  they 'd have to take a tiny chunk off one island to get highest category approval to hold world champs in long distance though . 
  one of the tracks stops early due to an island . 
  tiny chunk as in few square meters of dry soil + remove bushes by the island . 
  the local gov makes nice money off sports + accompanying tourism so they 'll probably get that approved sooner or later . 
  motorways also require minimum speed limit . 
  which requires parallel roads for local/slow traffic . 
  exits/entries have to be quite sparse too . 
  from what i remember your a2 do n't have either of these . 
  both of these are problem over there as well , but we 're slowly paving dirt roads to work as access roads and then close rarely used exits . 
  it was sad to see your a1 to be rebuilt from scratch to have 1 +1 + dare lane :( our infamous viadeath ( lv-panev\u0117\u017eys-kaunas-marijampol\u0117-pl ) was built in similar style a decade ago . 
  i wish you had learned from our mistakes . 
  now some parts have separator to prevent dare lane . 
  lots of safety aisles and speed traps too . 
  does n't help much . 
  virtually every week a huge crash on that road makes news ... kaunas-pl is going to be full-fledged motorway soon though . 
  construction already started with most of financing confirmed so our death count should drop a lot  panev\u0117\u017eys-lv is going to be `` scandinavian '' 2 +1 with hard separator and middle lane changing direction every few km instead of dare lane . 
  the pilot project for 10km is set to start this summer . 
  panev\u0117\u017eys-kaunas will stay shitty thanks to little local traffic and no political pressure , sorry :(, 
  yeah . . 
  i 'd be very happy it with a similar road at lt-riga-ee route . 
  wide 1 +1 with the unofficial takeover lane is much much much worse . 
  i sometimes take alternate route ( ee via daugavpils or riga via skaitskalne ) just to keep my sanity . 
  and that railway crossing is definitely lower priority than bauska and iecava bypasses . 
  it 's weird how klaip\u0117da feels much closer to vilnius than riga , even though it 's further away in kilometers . 
  but riga is almost 2x further in time . 
  otherwise i 'd definitely come more frequently  i was talking abotu this https://www.google.lt/maps/@57.0774159,24.5116597,3a,60y,237h,84.8t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sdmy6hc2gvf9io95knm2yaw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656, 
  it 's traffic hazard nonetheless . 
  cars need to slow down significantly = high potential for a pile up . 
  especially when locals with suvs do n't slow down much , while some people like me slow down significantly because i 've now idea how level the crossing is . 
  i agree it 'd work well on a backcountry road with slow traffic . 
  but on dual-carriage motorway-ish road ... you can do better than that . 
  especially with that retrofuturistic cafe or whatever by the same road . 
  it looks really sweet . 
  which is double standards at it 's finest . 
  one thing is not true , because it 's not exactly that . 
  even though people called themselves accordingly . 
  while the other is totally it , even though it 's far cry from the ideal . 
  i agree human brains are extremely good at working out ambiguities though . 
  it 's funny how you say that ussr was not communist because this and that . 
  yet capitalism is here and there , even though it 's far far away from perfect implementation too . 
  then ussr/warsaw pact was communist , because they strived for it 's ideal implementation ... 
  even had a roadmap !, 
  i think full communism was supposed to happen by about this time ... 
  would they call it the high . . way ? 
  probably stops at last major town as traffic drops significantly after it . 
  i know for a fact that 's the case with vilnius - minsk route on our side of the border . 
  shitload of traffic for first 10km or so ( which is covered by almost-motorway ) and then traffic drops a lot . 
  there 's some traffic for the next 10km , but load is not big even for 1x1 . 
  and the last 10km to the border is totally empty . 
  the road , especially the later parts , is super popular with road cyclists due to wide shoulder and little traffic ... 
  that latvian a2 is such a clusterfuck though . 
  single-level railroad crossing - why ? 
  good work . 
  missing a bit of construction in lithuania though . 
  kaunas - marijampol\u0117 is being built at the moment . 
  1/4 built , 1/4 to be completed this year , the rest to be completed next year or the year after at worst . 
  extension to pl border is confirmed and at design phase , expected to be completed by 2022 . 
  so basically you want to make eu/germany great again ? 
  but do n't know how to do that and how that would look ? 
  sorry if that sounds offensive . 
  just trying to figure out what 's your thinking . 
  if presence alone counts , us is doing a shit ton to ease eastern europe after ukraine crisis . 
  to be fair , western european presence got bigger too . 
  but it 's nowhere at the level of us . 
  iraq and afghanistan were free to opt out . 
  some nato countries did that and there were no consequences afaik . 
  imo common hardware standards is great . 
  training together as well . 
  chain of command is separate anyway . 
  countries are free to opt out from nato deployments too . 
  while non-nato countries do join . 
  do n't see much to loosen . . ? 
  why ? 
  it 's not like eu army would n't cooperate with us a lot . 
  or are you against that as well ? 
  they 're not exclusive .
