  people who speak russian usually understand it though . 
  i personally know people who considered themselves `` poles '' and , when went to poland-proper , could n't talk to locals . 
  nowadays , thanks to tomashewski , polish schools teach proper polish language . 
  so young people do speak proper polish . 
  which is kinda sad , because the local language/dialect/whatever is being erased and replaced by the truly foreign one . 
  fun fact . 
  most of `` poles '' speak `` po prostu '' . 
  or just russian . 
  they would n't even understand those signs , 
  i 'm totally with you on this . 
  our a1 is safe as fuck ( minus kaunas section ) . 
  even though some retards do crazy stuff once in a while and big portion of traffic speeds . 
  even well designed city streets are safe , despite majority of traffic speeds . 
  it 's overcrowded single-lane long-distance roads like via baltica that are scary . 
  and unlit city streets without safety features . 
  even if nobody was speeding , there would be quite a few nasty crashes thanks to unsafe left turns , low-speed traffic mixing with the rest , unlit streets , single-level non regulated pedestrian crossings ( fuck narbutas hilltop crossing ) on major streets etc. 
  infrastructure is cheap compared to human lives . 
  and it 's relatively easy to build . 
  i hear it 's rather good for economy as well . 
  latvian roads are crazy . 
  damn single lane roads with unofficial passing lane while slow traffic hugs the shoulder . 
  who the hell thought that 's a good idea . 
  i 'd take a regular width road over that madness any day . 
  scandinavian style 2 +1 passing lanes would be many times better . 
  what is worst , they just upgraded viabaltica to that monstrosity , so it 's there for the next decade if not longer :(, 
  so `` undesired elements '' summer, 
  ep elections in hungary had 29 % turnout . 
  what the rest 71 % are thinking according to you ? 
  reject ep legitimacy ? 
  this turnout is rather high actually . 
  in last ep elections , hungary had 29 % turnout . 
  which is actually good , some countries had less than 20 % ... 40 % - something seem to be average , if not higher , too lazy to do proper math . 
  that and soviet times housing is poorly insulated . 
  thus it gets cold fast . 
  newer and older buildings that are well insulated are ok . 
  domestic hot water production varies from house to house and sometimes even from apartment to apartment . 
  yes , most hot water comes from centralised heating . 
  it may be powered by gas , bio-mass , trash or whatever . 
  quite a big percentage of housing have single-house or single-unit heaters though . 
  for example , my current apartment has it 's own electricity-powered water heater . 
  it may be slightly more expensive , but i get reliable hot ( like 70c hot ) water instantly . 
  in previous apartment , i had centralised hot water . 
  it was ok during day . 
  but late night shower used to be cold as fuck . 
  it took ages ( and lots of moneys ) to drain all cold water from the lines to get truly hot water . 
  some apartments in that building had their own water heaters . 
  if it was my own apartment , i 'd have had installed it for sure too . 
  wait a sec , what 's that dash doing ? 
  yes . 
  there 's no consensus for neither quotas , nor sealing borders . 
  the `` seal borders & then share existing immigrants '' was thrown around , but some countries do n't seem to like the middle road . 
  increase the chance to get to poor countries . 
  like 10x to get to bulgaria vs. germany . 
  and make sure they ca n't move from one eu state to another . 
  that may work as well as not taking in any refugees , given how they do n't like eastern europe ... 
  actually quite a few ees who do n't want immigrants do n't want their owns leaving for we too . 
  people are well aware that wes might not like ee emigrants too . 
  which is ok , especially given that high portion of the emigrants are let 's say . . far from brightest bulbs . 
  and there 's a common joke that we can take back our own emigrants to fill that quota instead . 
  the problem is that there 're no eu actions to stop immigrants from coming . 
  this is not against current quotas , but against infinite quotas without doing anything to limit further illegal immigration . 
  very few , if any , countries fulfilled their quotas . 
  i doubt countries who have n't done their part would dare to sanction hungary for doing the same . 
  in addition to low fines , first fine in a year is half of the lower bound . 
  unless you act like an asshole . 
  i missed 70km/h sign once and got caught in 20-30 range . 
  fine was $ 14 ... and i was more careful for a year . 
  our # 1 problem is soviet mentality fuctards who just happened to be in government for the last 4 years ( and mid - ' 00s ) . 
  first step would be to vote responsibly next week and get rid of incompetent and/or russia-affiliated politicians in the upcoming election . 
   you had everything given to you to build a normal western-europe nation and here we are 25 years later , still blaming someone . 
  `` everything given '' ? 
  let me fetch some popcorns and i 'm ready for your talks about all the shitty factories , underdeveloped farms , outdated infrastructure and willing to drink workers . 
  btw , military draft was in place till 2008 . 
  if it was such a big deal in ' 91 , someone would have cancelled it earlier . 
   before everything shut down for the fall just in case anyone is wondering about going to the curonian spit in off-season . 
  winter is no less awesome . 
  especially if you like wandering in empty beaches , forests and dunes . 
  beware of wild pigs and mooses though . 
  why so ? 
  neringa in winter is no less awesome, 
  lower level nobility marriages had happened too . 
  although i do n't remember at which period . 
  talking about religion differences , i read that after baptisation catholic church started to push for converting orthodox lands to catholicism . 
  this caused many political issues in the country , eventually leading to some orthodox lands leaving . 
  not sure wether this is was before 1440 or after . 
  there 's also a famous letter how visitors from the west were surprised to see pagans , catholics and orthodoxes feasting together . 
  happened sometime in 14th century . 
  sorry , do n't have a source on hand . 
  i agree ruthenian nobility was present . 
  but it came to picture after the gld was established . 
  there 's a theory that closer union with poland was pursued by lithuanians to keep ruthenians at bay . 
  apparently orthodoxes were gaining too much power . 
  union with a catholic country was seen as a way to increase catholics influence , thus keeping lithuanian nobility afloat . 
  so , earlier or later , ruthenian/orthodox nobility was present and quite important . 
  but lithuanian/catholic part was still calling the shots . 
  another question is , wether were was ruthenian/catholic nobility or lithuanian/orthodox . . what i find ridiculous is claims that belarusians/ruthenians were the only & true founders of gld . 
  and that somehow they happen to be the lithuanians , while nowadays lithuanians somehow stole the title from them . 
  some part - yes . 
  but nowhere close to large part , let alone majority . 
  another thing is what we 'd consider `` ruthenian origin '' .
