  our values , but , possibly , not turkish values . 
  it 's their right to decide what they want to do . 
  on the other hand , taking away either of their citizenships would solve this once and for all . 
  either someone sticks to turkish values or to the other country 's . 
  they 're free to choose , including all the consequences . 
  sovereignty and democracy my ass . 
  it 'd be more fair to cut off diplomatic ties with an unlike country than doing this . 
  but forcing one 's worldview on sovereign country 's citizens is just sad . 
  on the other hand , this is a great argument why dual citizenship sucks . 
  huh ? 
  first time i hear i should be jelly of it : / we embraced freedom war veterans and gdl times instead . 
  although none of the monuments are that big . 
  latvians must be compensating for smth , 
  that hot sidewalk smell though . 
  anything above 25c is considered hot there . 
  20c is perfect warm temperature . 
  then ussr could claim high moral ground . 
  starting a war `` because they 'd attack anyway '' is a shitty excuse and does n't change the fact . 
  the fact that ussr kept territories that they took just makes it even more shittier . 
  if they did this as preventive strike to keep germany at bay , they 'd have restored baltic states after ww2 and not installed puppet governments in half of europe . 
  not always . 
  they started to throw huge parades only a decade or so after the war . 
  it had slowed down at the end of ussr too , but putin revived old traditions . 
  pretty much a `` national myth '' of russia . 
  that 's why people get so upset about denying their glory . 
  fighting in the trenches does n't win war if you run out of ammo , food and do n't have supporting hardware . 
  exactly . 
  why today 's russians deny bad what ussr did and want to make sure everybody see ussr as `` liberators '' . 
  they got nothing to do with that . 
  accept what happened , good and bad , and move on . 
  right ? 
  according to my grandma , germans looting was minimal compared to russians ' . 
  i guess germans were n't that efficient at everything . 
  wonder how big soviet death toll would be if they had pushed ahead and took whole europe . 
  even those that stayed alive frequently were fucked up for life due to very poor living conditions , hard work in siberia climate and untreated illnesses . 
  in addition to that , many people released from gulags were not allowed to return home and bummed around ussr for years . 
  i got a copy of my grand-grand-parents ' brother memoirs and letters . 
  he was a small time lawyer in a province town . 
  yet he was sent to gulag just for being educated . 
  after he was released , he was not allowed to return for nearly 2 decades . 
  by that time his wife had died and he never saw her since deportation . 
  he was lucky to find an physically easy job in middle-of-nowhere steppes to live by , because his health was very poor after gulag . 
  after he was allowed to return , he had a very hard time finding a job due to various policies to discriminate ex-gulagers . 
  yes , gulag may seem not as cruel since it was n't flat-out death . 
  but it was crippling system to fuck up undesireds ' lives anyway . 
  what nazi administration in '40 and ' 41 ? 
  more like people who collaborated with their own interwar republics . 
  teachers , lawyers , engineers , policemen , military officers , small business owners ... 
  anybody who had a motive against soviets or for interwar independent republics . 
  i hope i 'll see russia acting so one day . 
  so far it 's more about fabricating history and trying to say they now have right to be assholes because they were literally saints many many years ago . 
  why not both ? 
  then call it celebration of `` end of nazis and soviets friendship turned war '' . 
  would n't sound as cool as liberation , but at least it was true . 
  it 's called `` continuation '' for a reason, 
  yeah , and brest parade is fake . 
  ribentrop-molotov pact is a myth too . 
  it 'd make more sense to go to war against nazis rather than with nazis, 
  if ussr was n't an ass throughout 20s and 30s , maybe allies would have been friendlier too ? 
  hitler and may say they agree with you . 
  genghis khan did n't answer :(, 
  everybody knows what was intention of this thread and it was definitely not to be objective and calm . 
  if the op wanted objectivity , they could have started by not excluding ussr because it 's memory day ( s ) for all participants . 
  putting the day in context is objectivity as well . 
  especially when certain people try to skew it . 
  btw , what does racism have with this ? 
  do you feel different race then the rest of europe ? 
  imo opposition is a necessary check for democracy . 
  what is nice about market economy and democracy combo , a person is not relient on a single source of resources . 
  there 're several means to get paid , both from private entities and government . 
  there 're several means to spend money to get resources . 
  it 's very hard for one entity to fuck up a common person 's life . 
  of course , public image is in the hands of media , but even that is owned by several outlets , usually including government . 
  thus it 's easy to go out against government . 
  and relatively safe . 
  in central economy , government is sole source to get paid and get resources from . 
  if you oppose government , they can change planning to make your life harder . 
  there 's no easy fallback to a different entity . 
  government can silently suppress entire regions or industries if people in there become too rowdy . 
   central planning can be politicised , true . 
  but would they be re-elected ? 
  probably not . 
  maybe they 'd cater to general public just enough to get re-elected . 
  or people would feel threatened if they would n't vote for them . 
  just like small town politics . 
  over there , small towns tend to have 1 family that owns most of the businesses . 
  they usually run the municipality as well . 
  they do n't do anything illegal , ( grey ) legal stuff is enough to keep them safe . 
  most people either work for them or with them . 
  they elect people they know who keep the circle closed . 
  any outside business gets kicked out of town . 
  but if somehow there 're 2 + competing families , life becomes much better . 
  if you piss off one , you can get a job from another one . 
  local gov actually gets to work to get elected to win people from the competitors or convince independents . 
  competitors keep the ones in power in check too . 
  central planning could easily do the same to whole country . 
  i know . 
  what i 'm saying is , nobody wants you to crawl or whatever . 
  all of our ancestors participated in that or another war in one way or another and that 's ok . 
  it 's good to remember them too .
