  even after adding extra driving to get there . 
  i hear poland seaside is as cheap , but have n't been there myself yet . 
  once gdansk-lt and warsaw-lt roadworks are done , you 'll be swarmed by tourists from up north . 
  your legendary roads is the last thing stopping us from invading further than suvalkai/seiniai , 
  because they pretend products are the same grade when they obviously are n't ? 
  on top of what / u/ro4ers said , we have full 21 % vat on all foods . 
  in addition to that , many poland-going shoppers go for cheapest bottom-shelf stuff or even shop at bulk places . 
  yet they do n't do either back at home . . 
  it all adds up . 
  yet there 're countless memoirs of ak storming villages , checking bibles ' language and massacring whoever was carrying lithuanian version . 
  even if there were no official orders , nobody `` strictly forbade '' either . 
  nah , they just name streets after them and build statues, 
  yet saying the crowds overlap is quite an understatement in my experience ... 
  yet saying the crowds overlap is quite an understatement in my experience ... 
  what makes this strictly `` anarchist '' but not `` antifa '' event ? 
  at least some organisers did consider it antifa event https://twitter.com/commoncormorant/status/884141559544922112/photo/1, 
  i understand why it went down the way it is . 
  just giving an example how fucking over fellow states is ok in eu . 
  and yes , germany knew why russia pushed nord stream . 
  it was full on `` why should we care about country y 's problems '' . 
  and yes , i agree that 's just wrong in a union . 
  although it 's not entirely eu matter , nord stream is one of the reasons why ukraine conflict escalated the way it did . 
  before nord stream , ukraine would have had a massive leverage on russia by stopping their gas export to europe . 
  it 's basically a workaround for russia to deal with germany directly by cutting a bunch of countries in between . 
  which was a good negotiations token before . 
  and ecological issue due to all the chemical weapons buried in baltic sea . 
  not exactly a union behaviour when part of the union works around the other part of the union to deal with 3rd party directly . 
  and undercutting other part of the union significantly in both monetary and political ways . 
  but why help that fellow eu nation if it does n't do anything to relieve itself ? 
  shared airspace police is nato operation , not eu . 
  and they do n't - see nord stream 2 ... or the original nord stream ... 
  i know . 
  both are banned over there in lithuania though . 
  just an example of how far & near changes perspective . 
  well , hammer & sickle is banned over there . 
  as well as any ussr ( and nazi germany ) related symbol . 
  i feel it 's pretty clear why . 
  i agree some countries may not have good reason to ban either ( or both ) . 
  while banning some symbols that look innocent to both of us . 
  harming one 's mind may be needed to turn one into communist . 
  it 's no less , if not more , bad than physical harm . 
  personally i do take hammer & sickle tshirt as condoning violence . 
  as well as following stupid ideology that failed too many times . 
  it may be not as `` clear '' , but usually people happy to fly hammer & sickle are happy to run a revolution against bourgeois as well . 
  swastika tshirt wearer may be just a die hard buddhist , 
  it sure could be . 
  yet it does n't seem so in this case . 
  v4 ( as well as other countries ) did publicly say they 're against quotas . 
  this seems to be more about power struggle between factions and loosing faction standing their ground nonetheless rather than blackmailing . 
  if you 're born to bourgeois and inherit family ways , communist would hate you . 
  you 're either communist or communists hate you . 
  the only difference from racism is that if you change who you 're and adapt other values , they may take you in . 
  on other hand ... you can do plastic operation and change race too  not even that may be needed . 
  for example , hitler adored muslims and japanese . 
  yet slavs were off limits . 
  it 's not even based on race by modern standards what race is . 
  converting from slav to aryan is easily doable by today 's medicine . 
  one can fake it by learning language etc too . 
  just like a born-bourgeois can fake being a communist . 
  for the sake to stay well & alive . 
  if a nazism 's own nation was the sole nation in their lebensraum , they would n't need violence . 
  if communism was sole political ideology in given territory , they would n't need violence either . 
  in both cases , they seem to usually resort to violence since their ideas are too fucked up to be implemented in a non-violent way . 
  communism looks inherently totalitarian too . 
  it 'd be hard to convert a society to communist without totalitarian tactics . 
  communism does n't seem to be easy on opposition either . 
  judging people based on who they 're is part of communism core too . 
  of course , it 's easy to say `` just do n't do x and you 'll be ok '' . 
  but it 's not judging any less . 
  if you intent do keep doing what you do and do n't start praising communism at first sight . . 
  communism turns out a shitty deal in most cases so far . 
  communism is about stealing and slacking off . 
  which of course panders to some people . 
  communism is about equality in quite a twisted sense of equality . 
  jumping through as many mental hoops , nazism seems to be about peace . . hey , remove everybody else and there 'll be peace forever , 
  working by what measure ? 
  that we keep a nice image while in reality we still stay migrants-free ? 
   i believe that 's not how quota system supposed to work . . 
  we do this over there in lithuania . 
  they 're known to be in germany and sweden illegally . 
  but not a single one was deported back to us . 
  basically we wasted eu aid and our own resources , as well as migrants ' time , and they still end up wherever they want to be . 
  great principle of aiming to look nice , even though everybody knows it 's just a facade . 
  whis previous quote :  if we give in on that all it shows that the eu can be blackmailed and next time poland and hungary want something they 'll try the same thing obviously poland and hungary are not part of eu according to him . 
  instead of saying they pull eu one way or another , they `` blackmail '' . 
  if eu was a sum of all members ' opinion , there would n't be blackmailing to do . 
  let alone on such matter where a big chunk of members were more or less against quotas . 
  even though they later were blackmailed to vote differently , 
  those benefits were just too damn ridiculous . 
  especially the whole package . 
  although yes , less tax evasion would have certainly helped . 
  i did n't want to bring up germany reunification as an example since i do n't know much about it . . 
  but from what i heard , it looks like it was a massive burden on west germany shoulders . 
  and some people seem to be still salty about it . 
  even given that it was essentially same nation . 
  i can only think about how salty same people would be about unification with bum-fuck-ee . 
  how was region-specific living costs and resulting welfare taken in east germany ? 
  putinbots would looooove that over there . 
  and i 'm pretty sure quite a few people would buy their narrative . 
  even today many people take higher we salaries at face value .
