  farmer families were huuuuge . 
  but only the oldest son would get the farm . 
  maybe 2 , if it was a rich family . 
  the rest had no chance in starting a family . 
  unless they 'd happen to get secular education and find success out in the city . 
  but living in the city was expensive and many educated people never could afford more than rent a room . 
  this situation very similar to today . 
  it seem to be very similar in most agricultural societies . 
  and in industrial societies till they started to provide enough for most members to afford housing . 
   people tend to value other factors more than 100 years ago and seek more for job satisfaction instead of earning money . 
  there 's a certain threshold after which people always start seeking satisfaction . 
  be it nobles a century ago or successful people today . 
  more people can afford this luxury now . 
  but it does n't change core value . 
  as for starting a family later , it was quite common in 19th century . 
  people who seeked education frequently did n't have resources for family well into 30s or even 40s . 
  young farmers frequently had to wait for their parents to die and siblings to move out before they had the house to themselves as well . 
  it was common for man in 40s to take a girl in 20s . 
  now genders are more equal in that sense . 
   people nowadays live way more often in either their parents home or share an appartment with others . 
  which is what people did a century ago . 
  or never fell out of fashion in some parts of the world . 
  western world had a short run where young people could easily afford housing . 
  but it was an exception rather than a rule . 
   there are now social developments connected with this , from fake news , echo chambers this was always a thing . 
  propaganda and bubbles existed since humanity was born.pogroms are top example of both fake news and echo chambers . 
  the abrahamic religions and their development are great example of echo chambers . 
  there 're lots of example of lies affecting court and electing a fake king or making a country go to war for a false reason . 
  the only difference is there 're more educated people today and such things touch larger portion of society . 
  you 're taking a lot of surface things and call them a novelty . 
  while they 're slightly different tools at best . 
  the more i look at the beginning of interwar poland , it looks like their conquests were attempt to restore plc rather than nation state doing conquests . 
  although it soon became just that . 
  neither belarus , nor ukraine did n't have nation states during interwar . 
  unless you 'd say poland abused ussr ... 
  which were lost during partitions a century ago, 
  of course it was part of their heritage to be part of gdl . 
  but what they try to claim is going much much further than that . 
  eh , lukashenka is trying to walk the fine line between belarus republic and belarus oblast . 
  nationalism is one of the main tools in his toolbox . 
  even if he does n't use it that much . 
  putin would have a field day . 
   or take the last `` refugee crisis '' in europe o was closely following it and my experience does n't match yours . 
  a lot of people opposed it from day 1 . 
  a lot of people were laughing at west media hysteria , while a lot of eastern europe media was critical . 
  humans are tribal animals at the core . 
  and migrant crisis was a prime example of that . 
  even germany had a hard time enforcing their policies on local governments , quite a few of which went full-on tribalist . 
  i do n't see how recent technology developments changed human core values either . 
  yes , tools have changed . 
  yes , environment have changed quite a bit . 
  yet core values seem to be the same today or 100 years ago . 
  wether people work out in the fields , or in the office , they still care about how to feed a family and pay for the roof over their head . 
   i do n't see a core human nature , because i think that the human nature is changeable and mostly the outcome of a socialization process i 'm not sure how deep this is rooted in marxism-leninism , but this is what ussr strived for . 
  to build a better , soviet man !, 
  the whole education system was tuned towards that . 
  they may have succeeded if they happened to stay in power for another century . 
  even today , there 's a huuuge difference between regions that were in ussr from day 1 and that were acquired during ww2 . 
  people mentality is different . 
  although people did n't turn towards less greedy . 
  instead , they think critically less and they just strive for a safe work place to grind till end of their days . 
  just to avoid stepping on a wrong foot accidentally . 
  selfishness and greed is still there though . 
  even if it was theoretically possible to change humans to be not selfish and not greedy , it 'd take a dozen of generations , even in ( autor | total ) itarian system like most communist-y countries before . 
  i do n't think such experiment is worth the risk and broken lives in the process . 
  one north korea is one too much . 
  democracy and sovereignty are core european principles too . 
  as other posters said , it 's next to impossible to deny this vote from happening in embassies/consulates . 
  the more i think about this , the more this looks like germany preparing for their own elections and gov showing how they 're trying to put immigrants under control . 
  if someone is not adhering to values and you do n't like that , it may be good time to punish them . 
  it 'd at least do smth . 
  i do n't approve turkey 's actions and it 'd be great to get rid of erdogan . 
  the coup better been a real one :( but messing with sovereign country 's referendums whenever you feel like it is just wrong . 
  it would n't change anything for good . 
  rather feed the `` us vs them '' mentality of erdogan supporters . 
  both in turkey as well as other countries . 
  and create a dangerous precedent . 
  that 's a problem regardless if turkish citizens abroad will vote or not . 
  germany 's ban would n't do anything . 
  probably just help the `` decadent west '' argument . 
  sure it happens everywhere . 
  greece is great example of the receiving end of that  but i wish it 'd happen less and we 'd let sovereign countries exercise their sovereignty . 
  for the better or worse . 
  people are stupid and , sadly , learn only from their own mistakes . 
  or sometimes it may turn out they 're making the correct choice after all . 
  of course , there 's a problem that dual-citizens wo n't feel the consequences of their vote . 
  but that 's another problem . 
  well , it 'd be a good time to kick turkey out of council of europe . 
  they 're sovereign country and they 're free to choose . 
  as much as i 'm against death penalty , country 's sovereignty is above that . 
  i would n't like to make a precedent out of this . 
  what 's next , once some country have a * bad * candidate , ban that vote ? 
  if germany sticks to their values so much , maybe those votes would sway the referendum the other way and keep death penalty banned ? 
  i 'm sure merkel would make every turkish-german citizen go out and vote for german values . 
  but since that 's not the case , maybe it 'd be a good time to start educating those citizens on german values . 
  and start asking why certain part of german citizens do n't stick to german values that much that their right to vote must be muted . 
  afaik , there 's no law that saying that foreign country citizens ca n't participate in a vote on said country 's laws . 
  the referendum does n't affect germany in any way . 
  if they do n't want foreign citizens voting on their country 's matters , do n't have foreign citizens in the first place . 
  are turkish citizens bound to german constitution ?
