  [ i did n't realise it 's size till i saw a huge ship in there :| ] ( https://farm5.staticflickr.com/4013/5169190212_9dc12afddc_b.jpg ), 
  niiiice !, 
  got ta visit those places again . 
  i was in loreley few years ago . 
  the truest germany i 've ever seen , really . 
  like from deutsche welle when i was a kid . 
  but i do n't remember it being exceptionally dry . 
  at least after climbing all the way from sankt goershausen with the backpack full of beer ... p.s. 
  liar !, 
  there 're no girls on the internet , let alone reddit . 
  huh ? 
  you must have just came back from some southern place . 
  tshirt + shorts . 
  tshirt + shorts . 
  tshirt + shorts !, 
  well , i might start looking for pants . 
  sneazing ? 
  meh , gripolis is accidentally discounted this week !, 
  what 's that place ? 
  in the alps ? 
  i remember reading about all those tuberculosis curhauses up there . 
  it did n't seem that dry when i was there though ... 
  i think it 's both home ownership and the common idea that some roof is necessary . 
  whenever i hear about people who lost their flats due to alcoholism or whatever , they do n't live out in the streets - they scramble whatever they got left and buy some crappy place in did\u017eiasalis or smth . 
  eh , i do n't complain about the weather . 
  having 4 seasons is great . 
  i did n't like living without winter at all . 
  it just feels ... weird . 
  the last winter with almost no snow was very sad . 
  hopefully the coming winter will be a good one . 
  i totally agree with your friend . 
  when i was in helsinki , it felt like vilnius + klaip\u0117da mix  we 're definitely lucky with low homelessness . 
  i was really shocked when i travelled to very expensive/developed countries and saw people literally living under bridges for the first time :| another benefit of harsh winters , i guess ... 
  imo vilnius is one of the best cities in europe , if not the whole world . 
  that 's why i 'm back  vilnius downtown is about as clean as berlin as far as i remember . 
  but once you get further away , especially to forests/parks , we 've lots if trash :( i do n't know much about germany 's kindergarten situation , but i know that vilnius could definitely have more . 
  it would take a long time to integrate those immigrants and make profit from them , if that would ever pay off . 
  thanks , but i do n't want such a demographic quick fix . 
  i travelled and lived abroad more than enough . 
  i prefer lithuania as it is . 
  i think it 's the same probability to fix birth rate or successfully integrate immigrants . 
  i 'd rather try the former at first . 
  we can always fall back to the later . 
  money still comes out of the same pocket . 
  i 'd rather try to increase the birth rate . 
  immigration does n't seem like a reliable solution to fix it up . 
  there 's a lot of things to improve to get at least to half-good state as germany . 
  let 's build a proper public infrastructure first . 
  proper highways , sidewalks and cycling paths , enough childrengardens ( for already shrinking population ! ) . 
  and get rid of trash in our parks and forests . 
  or people who dislike multiculturalism move out of / do n't move into big cities, 
  a strip of land is hard to compare to hundreds of thousands people dead , many suffering or fleeing their homeland and 50 years occupation ... nice . 
  ehhh , it 's much funnier to post shit and google later hopefully begging is illegal soon http://www.thelocal.se/20160503/half-of-swedes-want-ban-on-begging, 
  begging is illegal in many countries . 
  not sure about sweden . 
  huh ? 
  so disagreeing even a wee bit is now spewing hatred ? 
  even if the same opinion exists in the west too , just not as loud . 
  see nazi hungary 's fence story and follow up fences that are apparently ok . . 
   just currious . 
  have you any raliable sources fot that ? 
  sadly , do n't have any sources , aside from my observations and what i heard around . 
  there 're plenty of sources , that plenty of poles moved from the east kresy to lands gained from germany . 
  lots of jews were killed . 
  over there , many jews lived in small towns or even villages . 
  lots of lithuanians/jews/poles were deported by soviets . 
  many people run away to the west . 
  many of the later 2 were rich farmers or small town bourgeois . 
  but the good place does n't stay empty and it did n't took long to fill the emptiness . 
  given that the rest of lithuania was having these issues too and there 're many people not speaking lithuanian , definitely lithuanians did n't move in en masse . 
  in addition to that , belarus and ukraine was hit by ww2 much harder and they were much poorer before ww2 . 
  all that adds up pretty well . 
   would you like to say , that after ww2 or after independecy in 1991 someone that did not left their few-hundred-years homeland was not polish enough ? 
  i would n't say neither that they were non-polish , neither that it was their few-hundred-years homeland . 
  for example , my family roots . 
  my father backtraced them in church books and cemetaries a couple hundred years back . 
  they were local peasants living in the same part of vilnius region for at least  200 years . 
  as poor regular peasants as you can get . 
  people like them did n't move around much back then . 
  let alone that lithuanian grand duchy statute , which was valid till first uprising in 1831 , had restrictions on people moving in and buying land . 
  on the other hand , that does n't mean much , because feodalism was were till 1864 and all those peasants were n't free to move or whatever . 
  so i 'm quite certain that my family lives there for hundreds of years . 
  way before polish influence trickled down through nobility . 
  also , my grandfather , who grew up during polish occupancy of vilnius region , called himself pole . 
  but i never heard him talk polish . 
  only russian/po-prostu . 
  neither my father , nor his brother speaks any polish . 
  between themselves , they speak russian ( probably more russian than po-prostu ) and lithuanian . 
  my father identifies as lithuanian . 
  as for his brother , i 'm certain he does n't consider himself very lithuanian . 
  maybe polish-lithuanian . 
  that 'd be a good question i should ask sometime . 
  also , i never heard either of them refer to vilnius as wilno . 
  whatever language they speak in , they always call it vilnius . 
  talking to friends around , such patterns seem rather frequent . 
  that 's why i 'm quite positive , that tomashevski influence is doing a lot to pull those po-prostu people to polish side . 
  for example , kids who sign up for polish schools used to get 500 litas as a sign up bonus . 
  there 's no such thing in non-polish schools . 
  it 's not much , but definitely a nice bonus for poor people . 
  who knows how many people who were on the line , like my father and and his brother , decided to go polish schools purely because it pays moneys .
