  they 're saying that banks are masking not-so-bad loans as unpayable . 
  and then using that exception that is applicable to any entity . 
  also , i 'd take anything that respublika says with a grain of salt . 
  they 're far from a fair and unbiased source . 
  bradauskas is sleazy as fuck as well . 
  maybe my fault too . 
  i was under impression that this applies to any entity though . 
  i wonder how they 'd word the law to make it apply to bank-like entities only . 
  national banks not liking the big guys make it sound like ex-snoras or ex-\u016ab guys crying their shit out . 
  i 've read sooo many bullshit articles paid by them . 
  one of the best comedy pieces written in the last decade . 
  lithuanian there . 
  afaik , any business can forward their losses to the next year . 
  essentially they can use previous year loss to deduct this year 's profit . 
  they can forward their losses for up to 5 years . 
  thus wether swedbank would use it or not , they 'll start paying full tax 5 years after their last loss-year . 
  i think this rule was introduced to encourage investments . 
  let 's say you got a factory and you need to upgrade it . 
  while upgrading , production decreases and you end up in red . 
  next year your upgraded factory makes shit ton of money . 
  to sort of help you with the investment , government gives you a deduction based on previous year losses . 
  i myself neither agree , nor disagree with this rule . 
  it has some good bits , but is very good for making loopholes . 
  and for anti-banks rethoric , 
  i do cycling/hiking/running / skiing , so i got a car to haul my ass out of town . 
  it 'd be doable by public transit , but it set me free from location/time restrictions and necessity to carpool/hitchhike and rely on strangers . 
  in addition to that , it solves a lot of minor issues . 
  no need to look at timetables , leave parties at certain hour and so on . 
  i 'd probably stay at home much more , travel less and be much less social without a car . 
  the cargo capacity is nice too . 
  it 's great that i can easily bring back as much groceries as i feel like or do n't need to worry how to transport bigger items . 
  the last batch that rented a bus were n't up for employment yet i think . 
  they were doing language courses etc. 
  as for the other famous family that went for sweden , the father was working in a local factory . 
  his wife did n't work . 
  they complained that wage ( which was + / - ok per local standards ) + migrants allowance was not enough for him to feed his family . 
  surprise , over there both parents work in most cases ... 
  did n't see much specifics about other runaways . 
  aside from x number of people , including y children were missing , supposedly in/towards z country . 
  their options are made very clear . 
  this is kinda a big topic now and there was some migration dude explaining in the media how the relocation goes and what information was given . 
  they usually try to work illegally in germany or sweden . 
  wherever they got big community that can provide them such jobs and housing . 
  looks like this is better than staying legally in lithuania . . 
  wonder how long it will take liberals to realise that democracy is cockblocking the progress . 
  yay feudalism . 
  let 's make peasants controlled again . 
  one could say that eu might turn towards russia too . 
  as much probability as with au/nz towards china . 
  japan and south korea loves us for the pointy stick . 
  current power balance is better than being owned by china . 
  population seem to take usa over china any day too . 
  few people are bitter about us military presence . 
  but more europeans love putin ... 
  source - do business with japan and got friends in the region . 
  maybe my english is failing me but i do n't see much difference between between city/town/urban, 
  australia , new zealand , japan , south korea . . ? 
  rather cities that transferred to high-tech and finance vs. dirty-tech and farming which are declining . 
  ( ex - ) factory towns are urban too . 
  so it 's exactly the same as over there . 
  in fact , in lithuania we just had literally this situation . 
  capital and surroundings votes for the good/modern party and won by popular vote . 
  everything else voted for populists and they won by seats count . 
  the `` good/modern '' half of population is not that much aware of society at large though . 
  they 're just aware of themselves . 
  and do n't even include the rest in `` society '' . 
  such level of awareness is what causes all that . 
  ... lithuania joined this lot 2 weeks ago too, 
  quick sumary : - migrants were relocated to lithuania and went through approval process - rented a bus privately and organised on `` social network '' . 
  according to posts , went to germany - 35 persons . 
  16 adults , 19 underage - they left legally . 
  accepted migrants have right to travel in schengen zone . 
  but if they wo n't come back in 3 months , their payouts in lithuania will be stopped . 
  that 's interesting . 
  over there , shops are packed on sundays . 
  not much action on weekday mornings though . 
  most shops could open in the afternoon on weekdays and would n't loose much revenue . 
  there in lithuania , it 's service workers who are for working on sundays . 
  significant chunk of supermarket workers are students . 
  late night and weekend shifts work well with their schedule . 
  well , you got that russian vikings movie coming . . 
  this map is not 100 % correct . 
  in lithuania , broadcasted tv stuff is dubbed . 
  except content in russian , that is subtitled . 
  there 're some exceptions here and there , but most stuff is shitty voiceover :( all movies in cinemas are subtitled though . 
  gib back original soundtrack :(, 
  the whole `` czech republic '' in english sounds kinda out of touch for me . 
  probably because i 'm used to calling it '' \u010cekija '' in lithuanian . 
  they released very few episodes . 
  there was less than an episode a year i think . 
  looks like exactly what i was looking for . 
  thanks !, 
  partially offtopic . . are there any good books on these interviews ? 
  or interviews themselves in full text ? 
  it must be an interesting read . 
   maybe , you could have tried luring skilled immigrants this is what we do with ukrainians and belarusians . 
  seems to be good fit for both us and them . 
  i guess proximity to home and similar culture covers the wage difference with western countries . 
  estonia is seems to be really good at that . 
  looks like they lured shitload of skilled mobile workforce from the west .
