  well , vilnius was and is beautiful specifically because it did n't experience the industrial boom . 
  i was talking more about nice as in every-day-life-nice . 
  and today 's germany is one of the best examples how to make up for past mistakes on all of those fronts . 
   especially against lithuanians , which were n't targeted by ak during ww2 lol . 
  we 've had this discussion before and i 'm not going to repost you same links again and again . 
  the major difference is germany said sorry . 
  poland did n't . 
  just say sorry for interwar and related bits and tell toma\u0161evski to suck putin 's dick and gtfo . 
  we 'll love you more than germany the next day . 
  did you even look at the link i posted ? 
  most of it happened way before spring of nations etc though . 
  1916 was the time of war . 
  1939 was just before the war . 
  the population has boomed in this period in literally any city in europe . 
  i 'm judging purely by old pictures . 
  krakow and warsaw look nice . 
  kaunas look good . 
  vilnius is kinda meh compared to all of them . 
  what some nazis ' plan have to do with today 's germany ? 
  germany is kinda sorry about its past while poland boasts about pilsudski or armija krajova . 
  germany did n't backstabbed us when we were super weak either - they were more or less open enemy most time . 
  ... but failed to put together ss battalion and did n't . 
  have any pogroms before nazis came . 
  lots of people worked to save the jews either . 
  i never saw statistics on `` rate '' of joining whatever you mean . 
  but situation was a bit different than in most other cases . 
  lithuania was already done as a republic and most people joined to run soviets out of the country rather than to help nazis . 
  commonwealth is more or less ok . 
  the history in school is ~ neutral at least in lithuania . 
  our version is that both lithuania and poland played big role . 
  not sure if poland school teaches it similarly . 
  the bad blood is around ww1 and vilnius case . 
  basically we feel backstabbed by poles who were our allies for ages . 
  there was a plan to take over whole lithuania republic by doing a coup , but it fell apart . 
  to add to insult , vilnius was a poor provincial city during interwar . 
  pretty sure it would be much more lively if it was ours . 
  a lot of stories about commonwealth and before that are just interpretations that followed the vilnius occupation rather than the cause . 
  most of polonisation happened well before ww1 though . 
  the militant polonisation during interwar was just finishing the job . 
  that and church pushing polish and saying that god does n't understand lithuanian . 
  and lots of small bits all around . 
  overall i 'd say it was 50:50 lithuanian nobles looking for fanciness and poles pushing their language . 
  so if i 'd make 500k , i 'd pay just 86k * 0.4 * 0.15 ? 
  how much is health/social/etc ? 
  asking for a friend !, 
  same here and i guess it 's same everywhere in the world . 
  ca n't think of any country or industry that 'd be an exception . 
  yeah ... 
  ask what they think about colleagues from certain cultures and their median code quality ... 
  they could list work schedules and where the key is hidden as well ... 
  so . . south-tyrol and bormio ? 
  ^ furiously ^ taking ^ notes, 
  yep , stereotypes about finns ( or other notherners ) vanish once you get into the inner circle . 
  although i met too many people who just write off locals as not friendly at first sight and do n't luck further . . imo the `` friendship curve '' is about the same at the end , but dynamics are totally different . 
  southerners seem to be friendly on the spot and do n't improve much , while northerners take time to warm up . 
  for me , the biggest difference was how finns treat personal space . 
  it looks like just coming close to counter is taken as intend to buy . 
  which was quite weird and i guess i let down quite a few sellers :( anyhow , glad you like it in finland !, 
  i got ta pay a visit to that introvert italy part . 
  italian food and landscape with slightly introverted italians . . 
  sounds perfect . 
  yeah ... over there in vilnius , i pay $ 350/mo for 50sqm apartment in new building , including reserved parking . 
  30min from downtown ( = far away over there ) . 
  but next to regional park and got good public transit options so sweet location anyway . 
  public transit pass is $ 30/mo or $ 300/year . 
  what would be considered `` enough '' salary over there ? 
  by the way , quite a random question ... 
  even being a stereotypical redditor from a northern-ish country , i had to adjust in finland . 
  the `` bus stop '' jokes turned out be quite a reality if you catch my drift . 
  and italy seemed to be totally chaotic and extrovert country even compared to my country . 
  italy -  finland must be huuuge cultural shock . 
  how did you deal with that ? 
  did you have to tie your hands or smth . . ? 
  ouch . 
  how much is rent/transport/etc in locations where $ 800 salaries are ? 
  over there , smaller cities are cheap to live in ( walkable , rent cost peanuts ) but there 're not that many jobs . 
  either specialised factories or hitech farms or government offices . 
  or $ 300 in retail or other crappy job ... 
  in major cities , $ 500 after taxes is rather easy to make ( call centers , offshore data crunching etc ) . 
  but $ 500 means either living in rundown apartment in bad location or flatsharing . 
  $ 1k after tax buys rather cushy living though . 
  but jumping from $ 500 to $ 1k ( - ish ) is rather hard . 
  needs skills/experience and in some fields is next-to-impossible . . 
  pre-tax or after tax ? 
  pre-tax this ai n't reasonable money even for eastern europe anymore ... 
  well , maybe letting them help you would make you friends after all . 
  or maybe they 'd die while helping you which would be win-win-win . 
  if nobody but outcasts help , the asshole firemen would think they 've full support and keep at it . 
  but if more people would start undercutting their policies , maybe they 'd realise society is not that much for eco houses after all . 
  outdated by what standard ? 
  i 'm not jumping to any conclusions . 
  just saying why * we * and * our * ai n't outdated and are as necessary as ever . 
  you 're kinda putting yourself in a deadlock . 
  let 's say your house was on fire . 
  some firemen decided your non-ecological house is shit and wo n't come to help you . 
  a neighbour would come to help with a bucket , but you do n't like his personality . 
  would you accept help or wait for firemen to change their mind ? 
  why should i ditch my native language and everything that comes with it for some other language ? 
  why should i buy into someone else 's ? 
  there 's no common global language and culture that takes into account anyone 's needs and experiences .
