  i do n't see any monetary reason to emigrate . 
  salary is ridiculously good compared to costs . 
  i 'd be worse off in most of europe . 
  i might go abroad for a specific position . 
  but average salary is not worth it . 
  what ex-ussr states told russia to do ? 
  it was pretty friendly relations as far as i remember . 
  unless taking back ussr/russian solders was offensive to russia somehow ... ? 
  well , russia 's relations with neighbours were much better . 
  does russia manage to be good neighbour only when it 's in a shitter ? 
  i 'd rather say thing were improving till putin came to power . 
  it 's was all downhill from there . 
  well , half of pensioners having  = 100k look realistic . 
  especially if it 's per-household savings . 
    i think east will get a bit richer , the west will get a bit poorer  sometimes i fear it too . 
  well , let 's hope both will enjoy fast growth rates !, 
  imo the west is out of space to grow . 
  especially given that being rich is relative . 
  post-ww2 the west was super rich , because the rest of the world was poor . 
  now , thanks to globalisation , richness is leaking from the west into the world . 
  everyone but the west is getting richer . 
  at some point most of the world will be as rich as the west . 
  the west will feel dirt-poor though . 
  cheap vacation ? 
  cheap imported goods ? 
  exporting products and charging a lot for them ? 
  forget about all of that ... 
  the growing gdp and stuff like that is bullshit which politicians use to lull the masses . 
  the real richness indicator is combination of purchase power ( = buying imported goods ) and adjusted ppp ( = day-to-day stuff ) . 
  and it 's is getting more equal as we speak . 
  to be honest , i think the world would be better off if we 'd stop chasing `` growth '' and focus on improving day-to-day stuff . 
  but i guess that does n't get politicians elected . . 
  the above data was for households . 
  so i really doubt median pensioners family would have 100k in cash . 
  the top-20 % ? 
  sure . 
  half ? 
  maybe , but i doubt . 
  but far from virtually any pensioner . 
   but things look quite shiny for you , imho around 2050 the gap will be smaller than one could think i may be too pessimistic , but i think east will get a bit richer , the west will get a bit poorer and we 'll meet somewhere in the middle by that time , 
  well , according to the law , it is abuse to collect child benefits if they do n't stay in that country . 
  and yes , double-dipping happens too . 
  did n't mean to sound like it 's a no-go zone . 
  sorry about that . 
  just saying that if somebody do n't want to feel like an immigrant , london is the place to go . 
  yes . 
  that 's why i 'm saying that london is safe bet . 
  depends on where you go to . 
  stay in london to be on the safe ( r ) side . 
  or go to country side if you want fun ... 
  ca n't say much about poles , but i guess lithuanians are similar . 
  most people do work hard . 
  a portion of them do abuse the host countries though . 
  it may be rather small percentage . 
  maybe 10 % ? 
  benefits seekers definitely do exist . 
  child benefits abuse by leaving kids at homeland , but claiming them in uk does happen . 
  as well as myriad of other schemes . 
  your average immigrant do n't do that , but those who do are more visible than the others . 
  what is more sad , and even more visible after brexit , is general look down on the brittons . 
  many immigrants think uk natives are lazy and dumb . 
  looking deeper , the `` dumb '' seems to be more like street-dumb . 
  but many immigrants think it 's ok to rip off such people . 
  that 's why benefits abuse happens too . 
  if money may be taken , even if using semi-legal means , why not take it ? 
  be smarter or someone else will out-smart you . 
  i understand why some brits may be put off by such attitude . 
  i agree most young people are on the lower side of the median . 
  i 'd say median represents low-quarter of pensioners . 
  my point was that `` common pensioner '' does not have 100k in cash . 
  even in italy . 
  middle-class pensioners sure do have savings . 
  but a common worker does n't seem to . 
  just after the fall of ussr , average people had literally no cash and all their net worth was their real estate . 
  naturally current pensioners , some of whom retired in mid-90s , do n't have much savings . 
  now the things look better . 
  but even young people like me are not likely to have 100k in savings by the time we retire . 
  on the other hand , it may be cultural thing too . 
  if i 'd be as frugal and save as much as my grandparents , i 'd have much much more savings . 
  the closest i could find was median savings and median net worth by country . 
  the median net worth in italy is ~ 160k . 
  drop the house , car , some other bigger assets and we hardly get to 100k . 
  of course , young people will have lower average net worth than pensioners . 
  but even then , it does n't seem to get anywhere to `` at least 200-300k in the bank account '' . 
  unless your factory worker is in engineer rather than a regular worker . 
  or all pensioners are significantly richer than median citizen . 
  by the way , ex-west germany median net worth is 79k according to that data . 
  ex-east germany - 21k ... now if we 'd remove real estate etc , it gets really really low . 
  your rich motherfuckers in the south  over there , median pensioners have a couple , up to few thousand euros in cash in savings . 
  i know for sure this applies to my relatives . 
  and real estate , which may be another 10k if they 're living small town or well other 100k if they happen to live in the downtown of a big city . 
  well , over there , people pay shitload to pension funds ( public or private ) . 
  which pay them back starting at certain age . 
  but people do n't have the money as cash . 
  i was under impression that it 's kinda similar in most ( if not all ) we countries . 
  or do you pensioners keep cash for retirement ? 
  100k in cash is like 1 % pensioners . 
  many pensioners have real estate , which might bring their net worth into that range . 
  but cash ? 
  come on ...
