  looks like an interesting story . 
  is n't this just generic `` you wo n't understand , because you seem to be x '' ? 
  if i 'd walk into expensive stuff ( cars or clothes or whatever ) shop , i 'm pretty sure i 'd get similar treatment . 
  in fact , i got this treatment in a `` too expensive for me '' car dealership and several times in home good shops too . 
  apparently men do n't buy curtains nor kitchen bits . 
  fuck it , i like nice curtains and i 'm anal about cooking . 
  do n't get me started about hobby shops if you do n't look like you 're into that enough . . 
  it 's just crappy salesperson if they do n't get buyer 's feel & thinking quick enough . 
  why pretend it 's gender issue and targeted towards just a single gender ? 
  let alone that is is one of few things that market actually takes care of . 
  to be fair to op , his comment was that before working class had access to decent housing too . 
  which was n't nasty commieblocks . 
  i just wanted to say that you two were discussing apple and orange . . imo , in ( over ) crowded cities like london such housing would hardly work . 
  in more spacious places - why not ? 
  personally i love short buildings . 
  i 'll take a short building in dense neighbourhood over tall building with empty spaces any day . 
  dense & tall , hong kong style , is pure nightmare ... 
  he means they were useful to non-elite/rich society at the time of building . 
  idk about latvia , but lithuania 's 3.7 is without soviet army and stuff . 
  and it was 3.5 by ' 00 . 
  so most of the decline is not ussr-related . 
  as if all talks can not contradict some sacred base tenets even by a bit, 
  allies would have had massive support from locals . 
  ussr production was shit too . 
  many west troops were n't very fond of friendship with ussr . 
  while quite a few ussr troops were fed up with ussr stuff and seeing how rich even ee was may had switched sides . 
  some of ussr forces were made up of newly acquired territories conscripts , they 'd have easily switched sides . 
  german leftovers would have joined allies too . 
  yes , it would n't be a walk in a park . 
  but there was an opportunity to push back soviets . 
  by this standard , 18th century europe was super close . 
  most of top-level nobility was intermarried . 
  french was lingua franca ( heh ) in most nobility circles too . 
  as i said , i do n't know of an objective way to set threshold . 
  not only technically objective , but that would n't seem subjective to either party . 
  thus status quo seems to be a good-enough compromise . 
  we did n't go overboard because there 's no truly free trade with china . 
  free trade requires all parties to play by the same rules . 
  my problem with solutions like this is that vast majority of people who bring this up assumes that `` the other side '' is dumb and they have to test `` them '' . 
  but do n't seem to realise that it will hurt their own vote base too . 
  in general , i agree that some kind of threshold for votes would be good . 
  but i 'm yet to hear of reasonable and 100 % objective way to test people . 
  any option i 've seen so far have a high false-positives rate . 
  at the end of the day , current all-votes system is as good as those systems , but without added complexity . 
  ah , i did hear about this guy . 
  i thought he was german though . 
  the original post was n't about people being prosecuted . 
  so your comment read as if only people criticised for their comments there the ones talking about train to auschwitz . 
  straight out of ussr posters . 
  this would only deepen the problem , because turnout would plummet even further . 
  some people would fail the test , some people would n't care going , because they think they 'd fail the test . 
  however , the people who really want to vote , would go extra lengths to pass it and vote . 
  those voters are usually the ones who vote for populist stuff . 
  if we want to promote moderate parties , we got ta get more people to voting stations , not less . 
  then one ( or more ) side can work on their supporters to memorise answers to questions rather actually getting people educated on topic . 
  i think you 're giving a solution that does n't solve anything where we are n't even sure what the problem is . 
  what would qualify me ? 
  knowing all parties ' leaders ' names ? 
  knowing main thesis from all parties ? 
  knowing major historical facts about all parties ? 
  this should be about all parties i guess , to make sure we do n't give unfair advantage to major parties votes vs. new/small/regional parties . 
  are questions national or regional ? 
  would i have to learn about regional parties from other regions ? 
  what if i just moved to another region ? 
  would people be given guidelines what to learn ? 
  how secret would be questionnaires ? 
  how would you make sure that people voting early wo n't leak questions to late voters ? 
  what is education ? 
  learning specific facts ? 
  in recent election , i knew what i 'm going to vote for way before election . 
  i did n't bother to learn much about opposite parties . 
  few big roadblocks from the past were more than enough for me . 
  i do n't know names of opposing parties ' leaders . 
  i do n't even know the full official names of those parties , just nicknames and abbreviations . 
  i could n't quote 5 thesis of the party i voted for either . 
  i know their long-term strategy and that 's enough for me . 
  i doubt i 'd have passed your facts check . 
  in lithuania , 18 is catch-all age . 
  you can drive , drink , smoke , vote and be sent to general population jail starting at the same age . 
  letting someone drink at age 5 would n't sound good , eh ? 
  letting 5 y/o vote in someone who would let him drink is n't good idea too . 
  what if somebody is clinton supporter and do n't gives a single fuck about the other side , thus they do n't remember trump 's name ? 
  how deep testing should go ? 
  should it ask for either candidate 's birth date ? 
  age ? 
  maiden name ? 
  too many chances for smth to go wrong with such approach . 
  too many chances for one of the sides to cry foul . 
  who decides what are correct answers ? 
  what happens if majority are deemed too dumb ? 
  a big chunk of population would n't be happy about that . 
  one of the points for election/referendum/etc is to be seen as legitimate by population . 
  this would be as fair as wealth/education/social status threshold . 
  i 'd even say any of these would be more objective than test about that specific topic . 
  the big question is who decides who is well informed . 
  i 'd look at this from another angle . 
  do you want companies in specific sector to optimise for profit and is free market possible in that sector ? 
  as we can see in us , free market and for-profit health care sucks . 
  free market does n't work with highways either . 
  would there be competing highways next to each other ?
