  not a parliament-worthy party ... stalinists have it even worse . 
  there 're some ussr apologists . 
  but that 's mostly older people rather than modern leftists . 
  who usually try to distance themselves from ussr or even communism stuff . 
  i been to leftist society meeting in a university in the uk . 
  one guy was openly `` stalinist '' and proud of that . 
  other seemed to be more or less ok with that . 
  that was kinda weird . 
  i think the issues is finding out how committed someone is . 
  taxation is very short term thing . 
  representation is much longer term . 
  in some countries , you may have to pay taxes even without setting a foot on country 's soil . 
  that happened to me recently , true story . 
  i do n't expect to be eligible to vote in that country just because i got ta pay a decent amount of money to them . 
  there should be some kind of measurement if someone is committed to country or just passing by . 
  residency is kinda easy thing in most countries . 
  why should someone who just came for few years vote country 's future ? 
  imo citizenship is rather good measure wether someone is committed or not . 
  the other way would be toughening up rules for residence . 
  which would suck too . 
  sort of extreme example , but let 's say a bunch of people with residencies vote in someone who is set to start a war with another country . 
  the caveat is non-citizens are not required ( sometimes even not eligible ) to participate in armed forces . 
  so , theoretically , someone from abroad could send local people to war but stay safe himself . 
  if you did n't watch it yet , try stalingrad ( 2013 ) . 
  nearly rambo stuff . 
  over there , it was advertised as somewhat history/documentary/etc oriented  never looked at rambo as vietnam chronicle though ... 
  afaik , some finno-ugric people were the vikings themselves . 
  for example , saaremaa island people were called vikings ( as well as doing their deed ) . 
  although they were finno-ugric ethnically . 
  seaside balts were referred as vikings too sometimes . 
  although only by scandinavians who they were assaulting . 
  it looks like vikings were any baltic-sea-basin people ( scandi-finno-baltic ) involved in viking business . 
  so the finno-ugric people would be the descendants of vikings , because they were viking themselves ? 
  my knowledge of vikings is + / - based on random stuff i read traveling in estonia and finland so it may be quite murky . . 
  could n't you apply for citizenship then ? 
  easterners are bitter , because we live worse than greeks and still bail them out . 
   you can google for things like `` natural law '' , `` natural rights '' , and `` human right '' to get a sense of the philosophical foundations . 
  it 's not like these are physics law . 
  they 're made up one way or another . 
   if you look at the countries from where most refugees [ originate ] , most of them have civil wars . 
  most of them have safe regions too . 
  afghanistan have safe parts . 
  pakistan have safe parts . 
  nigeria have safe parts . 
  syria is probably the only valid origin . 
  even they have some safe-ish parts though . 
   there are n't really any foundations to build upon . 
  everything has to start somewhere . 
  as long as we provide the easy way out , many people wo n't feel like it 's worth to even try to start some kind of foundation . 
  we could invest in those who are willing rather than those that flee . 
  or are you saying that all legit people flee and those who stay behind are beyond lost ? 
   unless you believe they are obligated to fight in those wars . 
  are people now giving up countries to anybody who shows up , because nobody has any obligation to fight ? 
  the question is rather why people do n't feel a need to fight for their home . 
  maybe we should work on that . 
  providing an easy way out to however can afford it wo n't fix their countries . 
  it 's just a feel-good band aid for us . 
   also afaik , the ussr during it 's later years was n't a particularly bad place . 
  as long as you conform to the system , you could get by . 
  that applies to later years too . 
  there were the early years too . 
  by such standard , most of africa is not a particularly bad place nowadays too . 
  north korea is not a particularly bad place either . 
  human rights are above the law . 
  it may be the top-tier law . 
  but it 's a law nonetheless . 
  as in , it 's a human created text on a sheet of paper that was voted in . 
   not according to amnesty [ part 4 ] . 
  hmm , your may be right on this one . 
  either way , it does n't make migrants eligible to pass through any country to get to their desired destination . 
  a state has a right to deny access to whoever they want . 
  asylum seekers is the only exception . 
   like what ? 
  being pro-human rights when it 's convenient , and suspending them when it 's not ? 
  like stopping people from feeding mafia to during voyage . 
  and using all those moneys instead to solve the core issues . 
  i sympathise much more with people who stay behind at home and try to fix their countries rather than those who flee . 
  you could say that i 'm just hypocritical european . 
  but if more of my people had fled instead of fixing , the ussr would still be there . 
  although it 's hard to compare , i also try to improve my country instead of going west to some rich country . 
  i 'd like to help other people who are fixing their countries . 
  it makes me very sad when countries have to [ cut ] ( http://www.sida.se/english/press/current-topics-archive/2016/deductions-for-in-country-refugee-costs-lead-to-redistribution-of-swedish-foreign-aid/ ) foreign aid to many people to serve a few who come . 
   that 's human rights , not law . 
  human rights is a law too . 
   is n't this the dublin regulation , which is an internal eu thing , and only affects which eu state will be responsible for a particular refugee ? 
  no , it 's in un stuff . 
   there 're much better ways to solve their problems than shipping them over there . 
    so all countries should accept refugees , apart from european ones , because they are special ? 
  there are no european countries in the [ top ten [ 1 ] ] , and europe 's contributions are rather modest . 
  i did n't say that anybody should accept refugees . 
  i said there 're other ways to solve this . 
  instead of treating symptoms . 
  for every migrant who comes , there 're many people in his native country who do n't leave for one reason or another . 
  are those people somehow worse than the ones who come ? 
  or do we help just the most rich people who can afford to come to us ? 
  anyway . 
  if you want those people coming in - there 're tons of excuses . 
  as well as the other way . 
  there 's no moral high ground there . 
  it all depends on what your perfect endgame is .
