  as in , 4x bigger minimum salary = 4x better living . 
  true story :(, 
  well , there was dublin agreement . 
  but even that went out the window quickly . 
  of course , you can say that it happened to prevent disaster in greece and italy . 
  but if there was a quick enforcement of it , the massive wave may have been prevented . 
  it took years for the whole crisis to develop . 
  as for greece , yes , common budget/social security/welfare would have prevented it in the first case . 
  greeks seem to love their benefits though . 
  i wonder if it 'd be easy to sell them `` no benefits = no crisis '' approach . 
  i wonder how the whole common social security and welfare would be introduced . 
  i 'm sure we would n't enjoy paying shitload of money to ee for foreseeable future . 
  and this would inflate prices a lot . 
  probably to the point that outsourcing in ee would n't be as cheap . 
  which may fuck up we services and manufacturing on global scene . 
  how would migration crisis was handled differently if it was eufed vs eu ? 
  there would be long debates anyway and some people would n't be happy with the outcome anyway . 
  and if some national region tried to take action , there would be as much shitstorm as with hungary and their wall . 
  greek crisis may have been avoided if there was a common budget . 
  but it 'd be interesting to see common budget with existing differences in eu . 
  i can only imagine ee-style pensions and social security in greece  looking at the outrage about greek bailout , many tables would be flipped on both sides . 
  we have similar political situation in municipalities . 
  where it 's all about just making a majority and , sometimes , personal relations of local politicians . 
  but they do n't do much aside from dealing with day-to-day management and do n't involve much ideological choices . 
  national politics is where it 's at . 
  i totally agree current eu is house of cards . 
  but i 'd rather give more sovereignty in some cases and set tighter rules in other cases . 
  the only way to handle migrant crisis would be if it was each country for itself i think . 
  looks like italy is finally thinking about closing it 's ports for ngos now that dropping hot potato to next country gets harder . 
  greece crisis could have been solved by putting strict restrictions on them . 
  they may have already recovered from being kicked out from euro and it would be a good lesson to all countries to keep fiscal policy tight . 
  some repair shops do have original parts . 
  many just lie they got original and use cheapest knock offs . 
  those who do usually charge times more than those who do n't as far as i know , most ( all ? ), 
  cell phone manufacturers do n't give away much details and supply extra parts . 
  if they were mandated by law to keep extra parts for x years and make detailed documentation , that 'd be quite a major expense for many of them . 
  apple would be much better off because they at least got that internally . 
  while many small manufacturers do n't do repairs even themselves . 
  cars and cell phones is different . 
  phone is not a major purchase every 5 or 10 years . 
  nobody releases a phone just every 5 years . 
  apple is competing in phone business , not in repairs business . 
  they 're not anti-competetive to samsung by not sharing every detail and part with anybody who wants it . 
  talking about cars , where 's the outcry about tesla ? 
  they 're total asses regarding repairs from what i hear . 
  is n't `` pan european '' parties essentially a coalition of national parties in europarlament ? 
  our parties sometimes have joined really interesting coalitions . 
  our current political landscape could hardly map to existing europarlament coalitions . 
  let alone that we frequently have brand new parties that just run on top of top cause at the time . 
  which works well on smaller scale , but would n't make sense in eufed . 
  anyway . . my problem is i do n't see much benefit in eufed . 
  i only see lots of issues . 
  i 'm sure they could be worked out . 
  but why deal with complicated issues that can be entirely avoided ? 
  in my experience those stores usually do cut corners . 
  located in cheap building in remote place , staffed by owners themselves who wo n't give you a recipe frequently and they love to use crappy aftermarket parts . 
  yes , apple could follow some of their practices and make repairs a bit cheaper . 
  but many of these things just would n't scale for apple size well . 
  of course , it 'd be nice if apple would sell parts to anyone . 
  or just make damn ram not soldered ... 
  but it 's not exactly evil apple doing everything just to screw customers . 
  and i love to hate apple for their hardware development choices and rock hackintosh for that reason . . 
  how would be representation set ? 
  like current eu parliament or ? 
  germany alone has ~ same population as whole ee . 
  it would take a while to have pan-european parties . 
  us-style unified parties would take decades to evolve , if ever . 
  it 'd be interesting to see how same parties would market as left or right in different parts of europe . 
  we can already see how bargaining collectively works at eu ... 
  shipping the material costs money . 
  keeping store open costs money . 
  employing people costs money . 
  dealing with people downtime and faulty parts cost money . 
  add taxes on top of all of that . 
  and you get the ridiculous price on top of that . 
  mass semi-automated assembly in cheap country and then shipping of unified goods is much cheaper than keeping inventory of many different parts and doing custom labour in expensive country . 
  more like european version would n't be available at all , but could be easily ordered directly from china . 
  circumventing all other eu rules as well and possibly getting around vat by declaring lower value . 
  eufed makes sense from 2 perspectives . 
  pure economical efficiency and being a bigger political power on global scene . 
  i do n't think eufed would do well in later case though . 
  for example , certain eu countries are loosing influence in africa quickly . 
  not just because china is bigger in some sense . 
  their policies just work much better . 
  ukraine case is quite a mess as well . 
  eu as a whole has more than enough weight to stop russia if it really wanted to . 
  yet it was/is mostly ee nations that pushed the narrative . 
  if it was eufed with unified policy , lead by we , i 'm not sure if there was as much help to ukraine . 
  if eu would team up , but do n't change attitude , it would n't succeed on global scene more . 
  i 'm not sure economical efficiency alone is worth the hassle . 
  let alone that mixing all regulations each country currently have may give birth to such a behemoth that any mass economy efficiency would be crippled . 
  any big state ( be it federation or whatever ) is geared towards large population ( s ) and there 's resentment ( sometimes objective , sometimes not ) from smaller population . 
  sovereignty is the only way to prevent that . 
  seeing as eu is today , with we shoving their ideas down ee throat , i do n't see federation acting differently . 
  even if it was initially designed to work around that , i do n't trust that it would n't evolve into such anyway . 
  imo current eu is too diverse and federation would involve too much changes forced onto people . 
  take greece as example . 
  in case of federalisation , they 'd have to go german all the way to reform their bureaucracy . 
  i bet there would be much bad blood there . 
  i 'm sure ee would n't sign off on french colonialism leftovers as well .
