  polish language was picking up pace all the way from personal union times . 
  the more integrated plc was , the more widely it was used . 
  i read quite a few theories about what was the tipping point . 
  some claim as early as 16th century . 
  but most of them talk about nobility only . 
  for peasants , the major push seem to happen in late 18th/early 19th century . 
   one could claim that whole lithuania was polish . 
  plenty of historical data . 
  how nobility , including low-tier poor nobility , spoke polish . 
  including people who later became main persons in lithuanian revival . 
  but refused to spoke in lithuanian in their early years , because it 's `` peasants ' language '' . 
  kudirka , infamous for this quota , was born & raised [ far far from vilnius region ] ( https://www.google.lt/maps/place/54\u00b039'26.3%22n+23\u00b011'05.0%22e/@54.657302,23.182529,770m/data=!3m2!1e3!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x0:0x0!8m2!3d54.657302!4d23.184723 ) . 
  in addition to that , there were quite a few polish language schools in interwar lithuania . 
  poles had several seats in parliament . 
  one of the most polonised regions was k\u0117dainiai-jonava blob , which does n't even border vilnius region . 
  looking at old cemeteries and my own family tree , quite a few people had polonised names . 
   the aim was to capture whole lithuania . 
  quite a few people , including pilsudski , spoke a lot about plc restoration . 
  there was a try to do a coup in lithuanian republic and promote pro-plc people . 
  pilsudski did n't take specific land and then stop . 
  if there was no resistance , they would have taken much much more . 
   vilnius was not something that special by population . 
  point in case - the most lithuanian city [ kowno ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kaunas#russian_empire ) , also known as kaunas . 
  population in 1897 :  jews numbered 25,500 , 35.3 % of the total of 73,500 . 
  the population was also 25.8 % russian , 22.7 % polish , 6.6 % lithuanian . 
  sounds familiar , no ? 
  technically british fought in crimea with russian empire at the time poland was part of it . 
  so technically it might count . 
  not only in nice part . 
  polish was widely used throughout whole modern lithuania . 
  only peasants used lithuanian widely . 
  it did vary from region to region , but it 's not like vilnius region was totally different from the rest of the country . 
  the only difference was that in some parts of vilnius region peasants used belarusian instead of lithuanian . 
  polish was still posh language though . 
    and besides , almost all the cities in lithuania were majorly jewish  sources ? 
  do n't have a source at hand , but it was pretty much it . 
  all towns were jewish majority with some germans and russians mixed in . 
  lithuanians were staying in villages around the town . 
  towns were miniscule though . 
  till ww1 , they were basically shopping centers for surrounding villages . 
  not much of factories either . 
  the very few factories usually were out in the country side by some manor that owned it . 
   what are you trying to prove ? 
  that that before 1919 there were more lithuanians in vilnus that a few percent ? 
  that there were less poles ? 
  you 're using vilnius city demographics . 
  most people lived in surroundings rather than in the city . 
  by using language card , one could claim that whole lithuania was polish . 
  it was widely used throughout whole territory . 
  the aim was to capture whole lithuania . 
  did n't succeed though . 
  vilnius was not something that special by population . 
  or the netherlands = holland . 
  it 's just too damn easy to use semi correct generalised synonyms . 
  thinking about that . . any country that drinks vodka is rightful russian clay . 
  thus scandinavia is 124 % russian . 
  old good panslavism where anybody remotely slavic ( including hungary + baltics ) are misinformed russians ? 
  now that 's a godawful title . 
  so december was best month since may of ' 11 . 
  although that 's definitely better than ever-falling situation , it 's nowhere as great as some people may think after glancing at the title . 
  do n't sell yourself too short . 
  even during plc times , women had a right to ownership and doing business . 
  of course , job market and socioeconomic structure were different in 1600s . 
  most of them still stuck to home for one reason or another . 
  idk if this was throughout plc or only in lithuanian part since some laws were different at that time . 
  first to flee from concentration camp you mean ? 
  sorry we do n't have stockholm syndrome . 
  resistance for 7 + years is not exactly bending the knee . 
  first to announce independence from ussr is not bending the knee either . 
  you 're now mod of / r/lithuania, 
  i 'm not saying they 're 1:1 copy of 80s bands . 
  that 'd be steel fucking panther for sure !, 
  but on the range of 80s-pop-metal < --  your-favorite-brutal-technical-x-band , sabaton is definitely closer to 80s pop metal than most today 's bands . 
  all their fans i know are more or less history nuts . 
  lyrics is perfect for that audience . 
  sound wise , primo victoria is most memorable i think . 
  swedish pagans is another one that stands out . 
  i 'm not a big fan , but i love seeing them live . 
  good party . 
  their lyrics sent me to wikipedia a dozen times at least too , no regrets . 
  they 're good easy party band . 
  like bands from 80s . 
  soft enough for non-metalheads to like . 
  lyrics have a non-metal theme too . 
  pop-metal at it 's best . 
  that 's what i want to say . 
  yes , some people were die hard nazis back then and some are die hard nazis today . 
  but writing off as germans at that time as `` majority nazis '' or whatever is just simplifying it too much . 
  it does n't take much for few assholes to spin off nazism or whatever . 
  it 's not like 30s germans were evil . 
  ordinary citizens being pissed off is enough to not stop few psychos . 
  wether in 30s in germany , in 1917 in russia ... or today . 
  that 's just how the world rolls . 
  we 'd be much better off accepting that and working to make sure that ordinary citizens do n't get pissed off . 
  rather than just labelling those people from historic events as evil and different from us . 
  yes , antisemitism more or less the norm back then . 
  not only in germany . 
  virtually any jewish-inhabited country had more or less of it . 
  i know for a fact that it was alive and well east of germany . 
  all the way to 90s .
