  the qualification seem to be so low these days that virtually all politicians are populists . 
  it seems to be more like party/politician i do n't like = = populist . 
  they did n't specify that they caught someone through surveillance . 
  a lot of terrorist are caught when they 're ratted out by friends/family or police infiltrates their outer circle . 
  these days `` populist '' seem to be just a good boogeyman . 
  in most cases it require further definition how certain politician/party is populist . 
  why use a term that barely means anything ? 
  without death , there would be either over population or no births . 
  neither is good for evolution . 
  the thing is everybody defines `` respect '' differently . 
  what may seem good enough for one , may be not enough for somebody else . 
  as for catalonia , it looks like there 's no majority that wants to stay part of spain . 
  i 'm pulling the numbers out of my ass but i think they 're somewhat correct . 
  let 's say 30 % are pro-spain , 30 % are pro-independence and the rest do n't give a shit . 
  if there 's a referendum , in-the-middle people are much more likely to vote pro-independence . 
  just for the sake of change . 
  because it 's cool . 
  to piss off the establishment . 
  the pro-spain side do n't have this vibe . 
  all the pro-indepence side needs is few dumb laws to push in-the-middle people to independence side . 
  this is exactly the situation we had in late 80s in lithuania . 
  there was a vocal minority who were pro-independence . 
  there were some pro-ussr people . 
  the rest did n't give a shit for independence . 
  then economy hit the fan even worse , few dumb laws were enacted , pro-indepence people did a great marketing campaign , stars aligned in a specific order ... and 5 years later ~ 80 % of people were pro-indepence . 
  they did n't magically become hardcore nationalists . 
  but they preferred this side over ussr . 
  yes , there were many more reasons than catalan vs spain . 
  some people were pro-indepdence purely for market economy , democracy or no police state . 
  but what i 'm saying is , there 's no need to have majority who want something . 
  it 's enough to not have majority who do n't want something . 
  the people in the middle can be easily agitated for one reason or another , for better or worse . 
  i 'd even say it 's good that nothing is eternal . 
  if something stays up too long , it 's likely to do more harm than good . 
  like in biology , death is a requirement for evolution . 
  everything always changes for the better . 
  however , from one 's perspective the change may not look better . 
  but competing different approaches gives the best result in the end . 
  i would n't want to live in a world where everybody share the same views and always agree on best way to go . 
  but they do n't want to be part of their respective parent states . 
  eu is not some saint structure that can do no wrong and everybody will love it forever . 
  no matter how tightly you integrate stuff , someone will want out sooner or later . 
   edit : also , with `` russians live in the same world as i do '' i meant `` a world after ww2 '' . 
  west and east perception of ww2 and `` after ww2 '' is very different . 
  while west were pushing for peace and stuff , ussr/russia did n't give a shit about it . 
  and it seems it still does n't . 
  it would n't `` end the squabbling about exits once and for all '' . 
  some people would still want their own state . 
  just take a look at catalonia or scotland . 
  or ussr collapse . 
  all of these were supposed to be united forever . 
  another part of hard work is for young people to either revive existing parties or create new ones . 
  yes , it 's hard . 
  yes , i should shut the fuck up and join some party instead of posting nonsense there  i 've been in/near some youth organisations and the upcoming politicians generation seem to be better than current one . 
  although it 'll be many times better than the current crop . 
  looking backwards , it 's easy to see progress since 90s . 
  some shit that is called out nowadays would n't have made news 10 years ago . 
  fun fact , we recently elected farmers-greens party , running on family values , modesty , anti- ** e ** migration , anti-establishment and anti-corruption platform . 
  their leader just bought cadillac escalade for $ 150k and was caught grey-legally leasing another expensive suv for his apparent mistress through his company . 
  while his wife and children are in spain  massive political crisis is ongoing for the past week . 
  there 's even a slight chance of impeachment for mp and few related figures are already on the way to be fired . 
  10 years ago , this would be + / - normal . . 
  not much worse than in vilnius . 
  if you make average salary , no chance to live alone . 
  if both partners make average salary , rent + food is doable . 
  buying . . well . . on average salary , a small rundown apartment in soviet built shack is best you can aim for . 
  he probably meant `` hard work '' not only as in working daily job , but trying to fix the gov overall too . 
  only if young and educated people would vote for their companions we can fix it in the long run . 
  if young/educated/smart people leave , who is there to elect a better gov who will fix stuff ? 
  there 's not only monetary part . 
  it creates big demographic issues . 
  less customers = less businesses , further increasing emigration . 
  pretty much whole ee would agree . 
  actually , it looks like most of we would agree too . 
  higher we living standards and nominal wages still look good to us peasants though . 
  as you said yourself , the tradition in most of ee is to own housing . 
  thus there 's no developed rent market . 
  although rent is nowhere near crazy like in major we cities . 
  and if you 'd move to some small-town germany/france/etc to have cheap rent ... well , you probably wo n't have a good time there . 
  in most cases major ee city is better than that . 
  and small ee cities have housing for peanuts . 
  this may or may not be referring to new plant they 're building . 
  it 's built right next to lithuanian border and they 'll use neris river water for cooling . 
  neris river ( or river that it goes to ) passes all 3 major lithuanian cities . 
  as a bonus , it 's 30km from vilnius . 
  but + / - wasteland on belarus side . 
  lithuanian there . 
  i always turn off the water . 
  * potatoes hiding intensifies *, 
  i 'd say slightly authoritarian . 
  vocal political opponents are . . taken care of . 
  but aside from that it 's ok . 
  when i visited , it did n't seem like there 's any `` secret police '' or whatever . 
  + / - same level as belarus . . ? 
  not with that attitude , 
  lithuania is mostly emigrant since joining eu . 
  we had quite a different experience during ussr times though . 
  nowadays immigrations quite low , but it 's growing . 
  mostly ex-ussr and very few africans/asians . 
  we had quite a few jews too .
