  yep . 
  it 's more like a dare game . 
  who will fold first . 
  that 's why i value us support the most . 
  they do n't risk home theatre , thus they can further without consequences . 
  i agree with virtually all of your points . 
  suvalkai corridor is just one of the very few weak links imo . 
  if we could solve that somehow , the rest looks pretty good . 
  given there 's enough political will . 
  well , big eu defence force would n't be a single unit either . 
  it 'd probably consist of several separate armies or whatever you 'd call such big units . 
  the main issue is who 'd give orders . 
  it may be even slower than nato . 
  currently , separate countries are welcome to work on their own . 
  if there was a single eu army , it 'd probably have to get an approval from all member states . 
  looking at affairs with russia and different povs , it might take a while to reach consensus . 
  good point . 
  but russian artillery and airforce might try to clear polish artillery beforehand . 
  on the other hand , russia could start by closing suvalkai/suwalki . 
  on lithuanian side of the border . 
  even terrain would suggest that . 
  so technically poland would n't be touched . 
  any enforcements would have to deal with russians first , before reaching the units in the baltic states . 
  which makes defending a wee more difficult . 
  we already got nato for that , do n't we ? 
  why would that be better ? 
  personally i prefer nato much more to , presumably , germany + france-run european army . 
  looking at current state of affairs , i would n't feel secure living next to russia . 
  - literally stalin . 
  another issue is suvalkai corridor . 
  basically it 's a < 100km strip of poland/lithuania border , in between belarus and russia ( kaliningrad ) . 
  that 's the only land way from the baltic states to the rest of nato . 
  on top of that , this corridor contains 1 `` highway '' which is not even dual carriage , 1 ok road and a bunch of farmer lanes . 
  it 's super easy to cut off support via land to baltic states . 
  sea is quite trivial to cut off too . 
  tallinn and whole finland gulf is fucked . 
  klaip\u0117da is literally next to kaliningrad . 
  piarnu and riga are in riga gulf , which is quite easy to seal too . 
  ventspils is probably the only better option . 
  but it has quite poor land connections to the rest of baltic states territory . 
  neither college nor professional school too . 
  at least over there . 
  unskilled would be only highschool . 
  with no profession attached . 
  so even some high school graduates would n't count as unskilled . 
  in addition to that , there 's a bunch of short term courses to get a profession . 
  they seem to take people out of `` unskilled '' range too . 
   unskilled imigrants  educated outside the uk, 
  well , current poland includes quite a lot of lands that were german quite recently . 
  shitload of people from western parts of russia empire immigrated in late 19th century . 
  for example , there was a very strong lithuanian community in the us at the time ww1 broke out . 
  same about poland as far as i remember . 
  after the ww2 , it was a lot harder to emigrate to the us than in 19th century . 
  there was no longer take-all approach . 
  in fact , us was taking very limited number of people from the refugees camps in europe . 
  some people stayed there for years waiting for someone to take them . 
  south americans took quite a few refugees too . 
  as well as australia and new zealand . 
  it only got harder to immigrate to us in later years . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure about balkans , but in most of eastern europe , it was very hard to get out of home countries in the 1950-1990 period . 
  the us economy post-ww2 was booming because it was the only major economy that was n't destroyed by the war . 
  recent immigrants/refugees had nothing to do with that . 
  you mean 19th century immigration ? 
  in 20th century , us immigration was getting stricter and stricter . 
  early us immigration was very different from today 's west-eu-bound immigration . 
  there was no welfare and the likes . 
  in addition to that , there was shit ton of empty space in the us . 
  thus no problems with overcrowding and real estate prices . 
   we would like for poles in germany to be granted minority status , like they had before 1940 does n't poland own that partially-polish part of germany now ? 
  some lithuanians specifically avoid some areas of the uk and norway , because there 're too many redneck-y lithuanians over there ... you way underestimate how much people do n't like rednecks/hillbillies/etc and overestimate how much people care how some uneducated guy of their origin was refused . 
  i see your point . 
  it definitely feels good to be moral superpower . 
  but i do n't think this fairy lade all-or-nothing approach can survive long term . 
  the emerging powers are ok with corrupt countries . 
  even usa , australia and possibly japan are sort of ok with it . 
  in addition to that , those countries ' export mostly low-level stuff . 
  oil , metals , rare minerals etc. 
  main importers of this is not eu . 
  it 's manufacturing-based countries like china or india . 
  so those corrupt countries do n't have much incentive to deal with eu 's regulations . 
  in the long run , the corrupt and corrupt-ok countries will grow stronger and eu , relatively , will be even less important . 
  the outcome could be that eu would loose it 's prosperity and some countries will gravitate towards more prosperous but less moral powers . 
  i think eu should focus on establishing itself as super power first . 
  then staying moral inside of it 's borders . 
  just to stay there as the moral beacon . 
  once/if other countries develop , they 're welcome to come other to this side . 
  look at eu/russia relations . 
  eu neither goes full fairy-lady , nor normalises the relations . 
  but a lot of business is under the table . 
  in the end , eu is hurting itself financially and have less power . 
  but they 're not acting moral either . 
  if eu would go all-out moral , it 'd be interesting to see . 
  probably russia would turn to china and india . 
  it 'd take a lot to have their regime changed because of that . 
  once there 's a new iron curtain between russia and eu , russia would be pretty much free of eu influence , whatever there is . 
  on the other hand , if eu/russia relations were business-only , eu would benefit financially . 
  it would n't hurt it 's image with shady deals . 
  and russia would be more prone to day-to-day influence from eu . 
  there 's no better example than seeing how moral practices bring prosperity . 
  if eu values would n't feel forced upon , there 'd be less rejection both from the government and regular people too .
