  nobody needs to crawl . 
  all of us have victories to celebrate which are losses for someone . 
  such is life . 
  the problem with russia and ww2 is not soldiers or their actions . 
  not even the red army or ussr as a whole . 
  the problem is how russia tries to use ww2 for their today 's politics . 
  do n't feel like somebody wants you to crawl or not celebrate . 
  it 's ok to be proud of what your ancestors did . 
  but it 's ok for others have different views too . 
  and historians shall do their job to find the common ground on the big picture . 
  is it still a democracy if there 're no checks in place ? 
  in planned economy , everybody depends on government . 
  thus it 's very easy to suppress opposition . 
  also , central planning can be easily politicised . 
  certain people run for the office and then tweak it to make their sector/company/region run better compared to others . 
  even if it does n't make socio-economical sense . 
  not much of a difference to spoiled politicians in free market democracy . 
  yep . 
  hopefully putin regime will go down soon and russia will drop all this bullshit . 
  nobody asks you to `` crawl before every country on earth '' . 
  as long as you accept that allies , including ussr , won , that ussr was n't innocent victim and do n't require others to celebrate liberation , while they 'd rather mourn subsequent occupations and have different dates for their final liberation - everybody is cool . 
  and quite a few of parts in that tank may be american-made . 
  like bearings . 
  likely to be oiled and fueled by american produce too . 
  or we could say full sentence that a day before one evil was destroyed , but the other stayed . 
  let 's learn our lesson and try to make sure no evil stays . 
  and do n't excuse evil because it fought another evil . 
  same thing can act both as good and evil and this is okay . 
  what is not okay is to whitewash evil parts . 
  someone up the thread said that communism can stay in non-tyranic society . 
  i outlined how communism would become ( market ? ), 
  socialism if society was truly democratic . 
  central planning imo is not compatible with non-tyranical society . 
  there 're a lot of checks needed to keep central planning , well , central . 
  once all of those checks are in place , i do n't think such society could pass as democratic . 
  existing government would have full control of one 's life and it 'd be very hard to safely oppose government in such environment . 
  which imo is one of the requirements of democracy . 
  unless central planning would have a planned opposition and financing for it 's needs , 
  i 'm saying what would happen to communism if it went democratic . 
  and yes , it would n't be communism anymore . 
  thus communism is incompatible with democracy and will lead to ( total | autor ) itarian regime . 
  opening frozen garage lock , 
  huh ? 
  invading a neighbour and then cleansing the territory was a thing for thousands of years . 
  and the op did mentioned fascism in the sentence which i appended ... 
   formal political parties are mostly a vestige of parliamentary democracy . 
  a bottom-up system of local councils with representative power further up with an option to recall is preferable . 
  if i 'm against communism , would i be allowed to run ? 
   that 's pretty vague . 
  a revolution would n't attack wealth per se but existing economic relations and collectivise the means used to produce wealth . 
  so if i own `` too much '' , it would be taken from me . 
  would i be punished if i resist and if i 'm vocal against that ? 
  all countries have shameful bits of history . 
  the difference is some countries more or less accept that . 
  other countries try to whitewash history and go as far as taking moral high land based on that whitewashed history . 
  germany was deep deep in russian empire clay way before revolution and russians could n't push them out . 
  maybe germany would have retreated and russia got their clay back . 
  but given all the talk about nation rights and how russia was already giving more and more rights to occupied nations since 1905 , it 's very likely we 'd have arrived to same result one way or another . 
  nope , have n't been to riga in march . . do they hold one in vilnius by chance ? 
  think about the popcorn economy though, 
  of course not . 
  ussr was just one of germany allies who later became one of those who defeated germany . 
  yep . 
  that 's why i 'm saying it would have been a wee better argument , but you ai n't taking it  you could say that all ex-russian empire was rightful ussr clay and there would be as much truth in that . 
  shit we could just restore plc and take our rightful clay when china attacks you one day , 
  only russian historians agree with that . 
  even some prominent russian historians agree that ussr was fucked if not land-lease . 
  i 'll give you that . 
  ussr did a good job before ww2 to buy out our politicians . 
  we 're still salty we did n't shot a pig or two back then . 
  yet it was occupation because we were forced to replace our government with people ussr selected . 
  russia would have lost ww1 with or without revolution . 
  we 'd have independence either way . 
  and russian was on the way to collapse for decades anyway . 
  or mass deportation from baltics . 
  or shenanigans in 20s and 30s . 
  or human rights oppression throughout the whole existence of ussr . 
  and the rest of shit that ussr did at one point or another . 
  brings it to the same level in the long run and arguably passes nazis by far . 
  exactly . 
  they respected germany , thus they helped them to prepare for the war . 
  glad we 're on the same page . 
  talking about good bits and staying silent about bad that were in the same package is just bending history to fit the narrative . 
  ussr used a chance that they had agreed to with germany beforehand . 
  germans even backed out to those predefined lines as they got too far at first . 
  were baltic states `` won '' from `` weak russia '' us well ? 
  well , go and start a company with your friends then . 
  i 'm sure romanian law do allow some sort of coops . 
  or just make it a stock company where everybody owns equal amount of shared . 
  why did n't you say that ussr attacked poland just 2 weeks after ww2 was started , thus ussr did n't start the war ? 
  would have been a better argument . . , 
  sure . 
  but it 'd have been nice if they were the nice guys , not attacking buffer countries but instead helping them against the bad guy . 
  by trading with nazis even after they attacked poland ? 
  and ensuring they wo n't attack them ? 
  poland was + / - toasted by that time , but they did help anyway . 
  you got ta friend more historians then . 
  look up how much and what soviets got in land-lease . 
  which started in mid-1941 by the way . 
  did poland stole finland from belarus ?
