  yet effectively all people , including those without subsidies , are paying for her comfort . 
  and every tax payer is paying for her subsidy . 
  it depends on neighbours a lot as well . 
  house full of pensioners = most people get heating subsidies = heating to the max = draconian bills . 
  the worst part of soviet blocks is not heat prices , but the neighbours : /, 
  $ 300-400 gets you a really nice apartment in vilnius though . 
  minimum wage is not supposed to guarantee way-above-average living conditions . 
  because poland has a certain neighbour to go to work to , while we have to go further away anyway . 
  over there , people did n't even use word `` steal '' . 
  they 'd rather `` combinate '' . 
  nightwatch in warehouse was quite a prestigious position . 
  not only that , worse than some of the baltics . . :d, 
  estonia borders real russia , we border just ~ ~ p ~ ~ russia . . 
  yea , lidl just opened a year-ish ago . 
  some of their stuff is really good . 
  but their peanut butter suck balls , compared to s&m ... 
  yep , expensive and posh . 
  but it was different than the full-blown supermarkets i saw in the uk . 
  rather a delicatessen shop + a bakery/coffee shop . 
  hopefully somebody will open up a franchise ( the closed ones were corporate ) . 
  some of their stuff is really good . 
  like delicatessen-home-made-fair-bio-trade-you-name-it good . 
  yet the price was more bearable . 
  mark & spencer 's was pretty good . 
  now that they closed . . we 're fucked :( ` murica , we got oil ( few drops , but still ... ) , come and gib butter : /, 
  before they stopped messing with their currency or after ? 
  i paid like $ 15 for kebab in random outlet in random neighbourhood 5 + years ago . 
  which was 50ltl at the time , while kebabs back at home were going for 6-8ltl ... one of my fondest memories from that trip !, 
  yea , but that 'd be sexist , soooo, 
   one of the frequent reasons for not doing so being that we 've `` not become the second ( or the other ) switzerland '' , as was promised by some prominent officials at the time in lithuania , sweden was the promised land . 
  it 'd be interesting to make a map which ex-eastern country targeted which western country . 
  1min googling may be wrong , but vaccine does n't seem to prevent that . 
  all it does is it reduces severity of it , especially for adults . 
  just got herpes off my lip a couple days ago :(, 
  i 'm very anti nanny state . 
  yet vaccination is one of those bits where i 'd agree on state intervention . 
  heard immunity is serious issue . 
  i wonder what would be an effective measure to get those parents on board . 
  over there , it 's mostly educated [ ultra spiritual ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1kdso5elfrg ) folks who get into this bullshit . 
  it 's rather opposite than ignorance , which just makes it harder to fight :(, 
  chicken pox vaccine is not mandatory over there in lithuania too . 
  pretty much everybody gets it early . 
  parents make sure of that  it 's highly recommended to get a vaccine if a kid does n't go through it though . 
  getting chicken pox as adult is not only nasty , but dangerous too . 
  actually they do n't get sent back . 
  some of our refugees have left on `` vacation '' and never came back . 
  they lost benefits after several months of no show up . 
  the receiving country can send them back after that period ( 3 or 6 months , do n't remember exactly ) but they 're not obligated to . 
  afaik none of them were sent back . 
  given how big their leaving was in the news , i could n't have missed if they were sent back . 
  in lithuania , it 's only advised . 
  if it was a must , it 'd be possible to make it by loosing the notice or whatever . 
  happened many times for bigger protests . 
  but smaller protests do n't get stuck in that mess . 
  although i agree it 's nice to give a call to authorities . 
  breaking away from soviet union was kinda nationalistic and kinda good i think ... 
  link ? 
  my google-fu is failing me :( i know for a fact that in my country protests up to 8 people do n't need permission . 
  it 's advised to notify local municipality and police but that 's it . 
  there are lots of stupid rules . 
  should we outlaw all such things , because someone may feel forced to do x ? 
  or maybe it 's a different problem that people are social animals and they like to follow rules to fit in . 
  making a rule to not drink to fit in is a rule too  if everybody stopped drinking , they 'd do something else . 
  maybe get fat or do extreme sports . 
  or just live long enough to get lots of diseases . 
  either way hospitals will be loaded . 
  in general i 'm against the mindset of outlawing everything that somebody does n't like . 
  what 's next ? 
  outlawing riding bikes or partying ? 
  the only good pastime would be going to church and sitting silently ? 
  there will always be somebody who do n't like what you enjoy . 
  and they 'll find a reason to back it up . 
  drinking culture of those people is okay-ish though . 
  i do n't have a problem if people want to socialize over a beer or two . 
  i virtually do n't drink , but i have other ways to get high . 
  which are not much healthier or cheaper to society tbh . 
  everybody has a right to get high in a safe-ish way . 
  animals ( be it humans or monkeys or whatever ) will get high on smth no matter what you do . 
  it 's only a problem when it inconveniences others . 
  most people who drink occasionally do n't cause any issues . 
  add that total prohibition is just not possible . 
  people would do drugs then . 
  which is not cool either . 
  what is your endgame ? 
  dry law ? 
  everybody becoming monks ? 
  riding a bicycle , i have to specifically look out for people like that . . at the same time , how many people do n't have even a single drink a week or a month ? 
  some statistics say 90 % of alcohol is consumed by 10 % of population . 
  you probably saw that 10 % . 
  which exists in virtually any country . 
  another thing i 'd support is to not sell alcohol till noon . 
  let people sober up a little bit . 
  this would make much more sense than not selling after 3pm on sunday . 
  the best long term solution would be to introduce young people to more hobbies . 
  a decade + ago my little town had a huuuuge problem with juvenile drinking and crime . 
  solution ? 
  late nite basketball cup . 
  there were teams , championship standing and all the bells and whistles . 
  and games were held at 9pm or so . 
  suddenly all the bad boys sobered up and crime went down .
