  imo free labour movement is not sustainable . 
  i 'm on the fence about euro . 
  i love having single currency when traveling . 
  but our economies may be too different to handle it :( on the other hand , i 'd like to work more on synchronising regulations . 
  like eu-wide intellectual property rights . 
  i 'm well aware why the gas pipe situation happened . 
  i agree the logic behind it is good in some ( if not many ) cases . 
  but i could n't trust my wellbeing to eu government/army/whatever while it acts the way it is . 
  i could n't trust eu army in this case . 
  seeing how certain members push for better relations with russia , i really doubt if there would be enough political will to deploy eu army . 
  point in case : gas pipes, 
  no car - no potato, 
  well , eu could never become a state at all . 
  i see it as a scale . 
  from nation states to unitary state . 
  federal state being somewhere at 7 or 8 in 1-to-10 scale . 
  i agree that totally separate nation states ai n't most efficient and not that needed . 
  but i 'd like to stop somewhere at 5 . 
  imo that 's the sweet spot , given how diverse europe is . 
  i 'd like to de-integrate some stuff we got now , integrate some other bits more and i 'd be totally happy . 
  a healthy bit of paranoia is good imo . 
  if few people were more paranoid , many disasters may had been avoided . 
  all is nice and dandy in theory . 
  how about catalan and basque self-determination ? 
  how about russia and their recent . . excursions ? 
  `` every normal person from the atlantic to the urals '' is quite a stretch imo ... 
  i sure hope same thing would happen . 
  but , hypothetically , i can see how eu army might increase a chance of bad things happening . 
  my country has 3 million people . 
  as long as we have our local government , i feel like i can change something . 
  not only as in voting . 
  the discussions are happening around me . 
  i feel like i can promote politicians/parties i support , discuss with people around me . 
  as a result , my country might go the way 'd prefer . 
  i feel like i do have some ( even if small ) power . 
  if there was a eu-wide government , i 'd feel totally powerless . 
  3 million of my countrymen votes would n't mean shit . 
  if 2/3rds of germany voted for option a , while my country was 99 % for option b , we 'd still loose . 
  even if few other small countries were 99 % for option b. 
  there would be virtually no point to promote whatever i support . 
  wether my opinion is winning or loosing , my work does n't have much influence . 
  in addition to that , i could n't even try to influence votes in the big eu countries . 
  i do n't speak neither german , nor french or italian . 
  i could n't even understand their discussions properly . 
  let alone participate in them . 
  well , eu leaders were n't exactly keen on uk 's leaving . 
  the `` remain '' campaign supporters were throwing around quite huge statements . 
  theoretically , if there was an eu army , what may have happened ? 
  tbh , i hope the pipe will stay forever . 
  still makes a great meme . 
  they could allow the damn swings on it though :(, 
  all we got is [ a lousy pipe ] ( http://www.15min.lt/images/photos/616133/original/krantines-arka-55a62e64e90da.jpg ), 
  it 's not like the soldiers charged ahead into peaceful protestors . 
  afaik soldiers were standing guard , while protestors were provocating and closing on them . 
  or are we talking different cases ? 
  his `` bloodlands '' is high on my to-read list , 
  that must had been really awesome course . 
  me jealous . 
  imo truly detached people make the best insights . 
  locals usually have a more or less skewed perspective . 
  even if they try to stay as objective as possible by downplaying their own . 
  that leads to even more subjective opinion than vice versa . 
  90s was like that throughout all of ex-ussr . 
  blackmarket , mafia and shit . 
  since russia did n't let chechnya off the hook , but could n't enforce the law either , it was even worse than the rest . 
  if there was a legally recognised central government , chechnya may had turned out like georgia or armenia or whatever . 
  not a stable country , but definitely better than afghanistan lite . 
  now one of those warlords is ruling the entire country and russia is paying him off . 
  the whole 90s-style criminal stuff is still going on . 
  stabilising ? 
  maybe . 
  but far from pacifying . 
  yea , did n't want to oppose your post . 
  just saying that different people interpret grunwald in very different ways . 
  i always take it with a pinch of salt and take into account where the research is coming from . 
  partially offtopic , you might be interested in [ this book ] ( https://global.oup.com/academic/product/the-oxford-history-of-poland-lithuania-9780198208693?cc=lt&amp;lang=en&amp; ) . 
  the guys has a very interesting take on lithuanian , polish and ruthenian relations . 
  i was in his lecture and it was truly superb . 
  check if your university may get it for you . 
  i hope used copies will soon be available for a peasant-acceptable price ... 
  the whole grunwald thing is very controversial and exploited for various reasons again and again . 
  for example , during ussr times , the official line was that lithuanian forces were retreating . 
  while muscovian ( russian ) forces charged and saved the day . 
  some even went as far as saying that poland-lithuania forces were very minor and majority of the anti-teutonic forces were russians . 
  but muscovians ( who later evolved into nowadays russia ) were minor player back then . 
  most of the ruthenian lands were ruled by lithuanians at that time . 
  so while were was quite a lot of ethnic ruthenians , they were under command of lithuanians . 
  there 's nothing stopping taxi services to operating in uber-way technology-wise . 
  but they work around extra taxi costs . 
  like marking cars appropriately . 
  more frequent car checks ( at least over there , regular car - every 2 years , taxi - every year ) . 
  usually uber operates on regular car insurance rather than more expensive `` professional '' insurance . 
  some cities require taxi drivers to take a certification exam . 
  uber has it 's own i think . 
  but this is different than what regular taxis get . 
  smartphone with uber is less expensive than the proper certified taxi-meter too . 
  if uber was following general rules , people would n't be as upset . 
  but that 'd make uber as expensive and and hard to operate as a regular taxi . 
  benefits is one thing . 
  but middle class is hurt by housing price a lot .
