  it 's easy  he never considered him lithuanian , and nobody does , seemingly except you and some lithuanian nationalists . 
  the common knowledge in lithuania is he did . 
  i know poland thinks differently . 
  i 'm under impression that the root of this is that poles consider those who spoke polish poles . 
  while lithuanians do n't agree with that and take people who called lithuanian their homeland as lithuanians . 
  even though their main language was polish . 
  we can only agree to disagree on this  overall , i see this lithuanian and polish situation as a nasty divorce . 
  we lived together for a long time and naturally shared a lot . 
  then it did n't work out we split . 
  naturally each of us have a different point of view . 
  sometimes , like with mickevi\u010dius , both of our interpretations are correct . 
  both sides are looking for different things ( and find them ) , but try to claim the same outcome . 
  which can not work out well ... 
  mickevi\u010dius himself said he was lithuanian , but wrote in polish  the lands there ethnically lithuanian since forever . 
  peasants were not allowed to move at all till 1863 . 
  so there was no chance of poles moving in till then . 
  the big split between lithuanians and polish-speaking lithuanians was thanks to church . 
  big part of nobility and church insisted , that church activities must be conducted in polish . 
  many people saw lithuanian as peasants language which was not good enough . 
  there were fights in churchyards wether the mass should be in lithuanian or polish . 
  the former despised the later and vice versa . 
  and thus some people were turning more and more polish . 
  even though they did n't speak proper polish . 
  even nowadays `` poles '' speak a lithuanian/russian/ruthenian mix . 
  but their schools teach proper polish nowadays , so youngsters speak totally different language than their grandparents . 
  source : my grandpa was a `` pole '' . 
  he did n't speak much polish or lithuanian , mostly russian and `` po prostu '' which is the mix i mentioned above . 
  according to church records , the family has lived in the same region way before peasants were allowed to move . 
  according to archeological excavations , the region was baltic and there were no slavs in pre-lithuanian grand duchy days . 
  there was no massive movement of peasants during lgd days either . 
  vilnius was polish majority thanks to massive colonisation effort in 20s . 
  it was mixed lithuanian + jews + ruthenian + polonized lithuanian nobility + slight amount of proper poles up to wwi . 
  by the way , jews sided with lithuanians , even after \u017deligovski affair . 
  fun fact . 
  when soviets came to baltic states , their soldiers were amazed by what they found . 
  soviet solders though butter is a dessert and their officers ' wifes thought pyjamas are ball dresses . 
  my grand grand ma had shitload of stories like this . 
  while eastern lands were non-polish before poland expansion, 
  same here, 
  our liberals might be left by us standards . 
  or extreme right wing in sweden . 
  but in our own political spectrum i would n't call them left . 
  they might be the lefter of the 2 more sane parties , but that does n't make them left for sure . 
  center at best , if not center-right ... 
  that must be different in different circles . 
  virtually all people i know vote conservative or liberal . 
  left and their pm is just an endless source of jokes . 
  i do n't agree with your `` rich and qualified '' vote left . 
  liberals seems to be the party of choice of young office workers . 
  the left itself is full of rich people who made their money in early 90s though ... 
  that 's not as big contradiction as you think it is . 
  some people pick up bits of old religions they like , drop what they do n't like and apply a healthy dose of romanticism . 
  i do n't think it 's anything rare . 
  most cities ( re ) built in 20th century have reusable cable pipes . 
  or shared posts for above-the-ground cabling . 
  that applies to high density neighbourhoods only though . 
  low density neighbourhoods are stuck with adsl , because anything faster would require extensive ground work . 
  i know plenty of people who ca n't upgrade to fiber :( poor souls still using 8mbit/s . 
  burning villages with people locked inside was kinda standard practice during those times . 
  nazis , ussr , armija krajova , upa , lithuanian freedom fighters . . afaik all of them have confirmed episodes . 
  eh , you guys have plenty of questionable heroes too . 
  one nation 's hero is another nation 's villain . 
  piracy . 
  we knew why we need fast connection way before streaming/youtube/netflix / spotify/online gaming etc. 
  fun fact , 10-15 years ago virtually all isps were distributing pirated content on their own hardware . 
  the largest isp was running a semi-official warez ftp . 
  with 0day and all . 
  other isps were running ftps or dc + + networks with their own nodes . 
  i 'd recommend you to read up on russian empire more . 
  it 's situation was n't related to capital . 
  it was a huge , but young empire that had to figure many other things before starting industrialising . 
  for example , feodalism survived till late 19th century in most of it . 
  there was a lot of ethnic tension in non-russian parts of empire . 
  there were many logistical issues , thanks to specific terrain . 
  it was slowly catching up , but it was many years behind uk/france/germany / sweden/etc . 
  soviets came just right on time . 
  sparse , but reasonable infrastructure was in place . 
  feodalism was over . 
  entry level mass education was starting to give back . 
  global technology advances helped them too . 
  also , initial soviet plans were a disaster too . 
  take a look at nepo relaxed communism . 
  and post-nepo measures . 
  did you factor in that russia did n't really have industrial revolution before soviets came ? 
  if you 're lightyears behind , the growth will be huge . 
  but huge growth does n't always mean huge output . 
  fyi , su helped nazis to go around military embargo in 1930s . 
  soviets were already running gulags back then . 
  nazis learned how to manage big scale prison camps from soviets too . 
  so su and nazis relationship was much deeper than just a molotov/ribentrop pact . 
  nah , this is one of the things we 're proud of  but it 's a good reminder to stay in shape !, 
  rye bread is the bread !!!, 
  bring on the seeds !!, 
  i do n't complain about it , but i always say it with the old good t. whenever i say `` this '' or `` that '' , the `` th '' thing usually comes out as `` v '' and in `` thing '' - `` f '' . 
  yes , my english is fucked up , but `` th '' is even more fucked up ... 
   respect local law you may be missing this bit, 
  if ussr had open borders - everybody would have left years ago, 
  mostly graves and some monuments . 
  over there , some [ pre-christian cemetery-hills-fields ] ( http://blog.stent.lt/media/blogs/adis/img/foto/karmazinai201007/img_0098.jpg ) get a candle or two as well . 
  piggybacking on this . .
