  the main question would be if soviets had resources without us/uk help and if us supply lines were goods enough to support them over scorched fields of ee . 
  soldiers morale would be tricky . 
  on one hand , soviets were on the roll . 
  but they had a limited supply of manpower . 
  americans may had been contempt with liberating the old europe . 
  but the `` old europe '' definition may have had included poland and czechoslovakia as well as hungary . 
  strong expat communities from these countries could have been a motivating factor . 
  soldiers with background from these countries , people who fled from those countries joining ranks etc. 
  if the us vs. ussr fight had started , it 's very likely that us 's objective would have been to either push ussr to pre-ww2 borders or defeat it altogether . 
  given that americans had a-bomb , it 'd be very likely that ussr would have caved in and retreated . 
  sorry i did n't have camera on me . 
  that did happen though . 
  wether you believe or not . 
  nah , it 'd best if usa had crushed both germany and ussr . 
  ussr had non-attacking agreement with japan . 
  up to spring of 1945 . 
  where were only minor skirmishes in 1939 , which resulted in the former agreement . 
  winter war in finland was in no way a `` proxy war '' . 
  it was establishing the rubontrov-molotov agreement , that was signed in august of 1939 . 
  split occupation of poland is the most obvious example . 
  especially the nazi 's retreat back to the agreed line . 
  not to mention the united parade of nazis and soviets in brest . 
  all that american-hegemony and pro-multi talk is what gives the cccp vibe . 
  especially when russian wants to be the leader of the pack . 
  add to that some lunatics ( that sometimes seem to get major support ) who try to declare russians as some kind of prophet nation . 
  and the mix is far from great . 
  what we want ( and would love russia to join ) is how we envisioned the west back in cccp . 
  glorious capitalistic freedom . 
  no corruption . 
  true equality and possibility of american dream . 
  we do n't want to be anti-american or whatever . 
  we want to be even more western that the west currently is . 
  like the west 2.0 . 
  learn from their mistakes and do that westerny thing even better than the original . 
  especially better than the socialisty western europe . 
  we like the usa though . 
  aside for pc crap , which is not that prevalent over there yet . 
  which is where condractitions with today 's russia starts . 
  we do n't feel like we won ww2 . 
  we feel like soviets occupied us and end of ww2 is a major loss for us . 
  thus russia saying they `` liberated '' us is very hurtful . 
  anti-american rethorics do n't fly there , while russia seems to be running on anti-american platform . 
  russian corruption and playing under the table do n't fit nice with our utopian dream either . 
  we want transparency . 
  that 's even before talking about georgia and ukraine ... 
  there 're plenty of modern russia expats in vilnius . 
  all of them say that russia is getting worse and worse . 
  quite a few russians seem to share our `` ee dream '' . 
  but they seem to be minority and russia as a state is moving in a different direction . 
  as for the victims card , whenever deportations , ethnic cleansing etc comes up , someone reminds that stalin killed/deported/etc even more russians than any other nation involved in cccp . 
  and keeps reminding how russia has nothing to do with cccp and it was just a victim itself . 
  but when it comes to using embassy buildings taken from other nations or keeping archives and other historical goods acquired during cccp occupation , russia is cccp successor . 
  i 'm pissed that russia and ee are not friends . 
  let 's laugh at cccp times together and build strong , free and capitalistic ee , including russia . 
  let 's fuck over those entitled douchebags in the west , together . 
  but i 'm pissed that russia is back to cccp rethorics . 
  with it 's corrupt politicians and restrictions on freedom . 
  it 's again all about pribaltik fashists . 
  georgia and ukraine affairs suck balls too . 
  i 'm pissed that russia somewhat likes cccp . 
  even though cccp was shit for all of us . 
  but russia pretends that it was nice and wants to make us like cccp too . 
  oh , and i 'm super-pissed that russia either pretends to be cccp successor or victim , whichever is more convenient . 
  for fuck 's sake , choose one and stick to it . 
  i 'm not planning to specifically teach my children . 
  that 's why i added `` on purpose or not '' . 
  i 'm not going to tell my kids `` russia sucks '' . 
  but i 'm pretty sure negative comments will slip by , wether i want that or not . 
  i 'm totally fine if the following generations will be aware of russia 's wrongdoings and will stay aware . 
  hopefully russia will change it 's actions and my kids wo n't see shit that will cause them hate russia . 
  and after a couple generations even background emotions will die off . 
  if putin/russia had n't pulled all this shit in last 10 years , my generations would have been the one without negative sensitivity towards russia ... 
  honestly , how is my comment about 90s insensitive ? 
  90s were horrible for both russia and ee . 
  all of us were in the same shitty boat . 
  but relations between russia and ee were pretty good and getting better . 
  there was some minor bitterness here and there , but in general it was ok . we saw russia as a country that escaped from ussr too , just like us . 
  we saw it as mate who was in the same prison and was dealing with same issues getting back to normal life . 
  there was some awareness that russia might revert back to ussr , but that was laughed at in many occasions . 
  and you immediately assumed that i 'm saying that putin is causing young russians hate the ee . 
  which may be true or not . 
  i do n't know . 
  last time i was on russian soil was ~ 15 years ago . 
  looking from this side , i can assure you that my generation ( now in 20s ) in ee does n't like russia . 
  we 'll probably pass it onto our children and , to lesser extent , grandchildren . 
  wether on purpose or not . 
  so next chance for true friendship is once the next generation or 2 dies off . 
  maybe putin is the saviour who is just trying to save us from the rotten west . 
  but we do n't like him nonetheless . 
  90s was sweet . 
  i hope ee and russia relations go back to those days . 
  nah , putin is doing good enough work . 
  many more generations will have to die off before eastern europe and russia are friends . 
  well , soviets killed much more than 6 jews . 
  so it 's definitely not million times better . 
  if you 're into killing pissing contests , then mao is # 1 . 
  hitler is sooo good compared to him . 
  by your logic , since mao is worse than hitler , hitler should be no longer the bad guy , eh ? 
  jews were fucked by ussr too . 
  well , those jews who did n't join communist party and were n't dirt poor .
