  same military would participate in both nato and eu at the same time . 
  investing in eu army would count towards the 2 % thingie too, 
   this is why i do n't get why to fight so hard against refugees kinda sucks to do meaningless job , no ? 
  and they cost money on top of euromonies . 
  all religions are evil , christianity included , 
  we 're talking 17th century there . 
  what you 're talking starts making sense in very late 18th century at best . 
  in addition to that , western europe developed much faster due to a lot of other factors . 
  like a lot of arable land , early mineable resources , easy to navigate rivers and early population boom . 
  at that time , much of plc was forests and swamps with relatively little people . 
  being far away from remains of roman empire did n't help these whereabouts much either . 
  a lot of mentality issues are thanks to constant purges of elite in the last 200 years . 
  2 subsequent generations of bright pro-state people were wiped thanks to mid-19th century uprisings . 
  then whole ww2-and-friends thing happened and took the bright people once again . 
  communism put it on hold for nearly half of century . 
  now we 're re-building our societies once again . 
  hopefully shit wo n't hit the fan again and we 'll be back on track in another generation or two . 
  [ the dude ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/robert_i._frost ) was comparing britons and plc at adjusted timelines . 
  uk as such just got older than plc. 
  becoming oldest continuous union ever formed peacefully or smth like that . 
  he did n't call uk 100 % success or claimed that they fully assimilated . 
  he said that uk + / - succeeded in creating a separate civic identity which was n't one of the nations ' . 
  even if one nation was defacto dominant . 
  he said that if `` samogitian '' ( or whatever pan-plc civic identity ) had emerged , it may had contained some of the issues , allowing ethnic identities to develop under common plc banner . 
  only r/althistory knows if that 'd have survived spring of nations and wether `` for your and our freedom '' would have been a thing ... 
  offtopic - wonder how long it will take for sabaton to be viable source in high school history class . 
  it 's certainly more credible then wikipedia !, 
  some nth-generation prussians and livonians with german roots were counted as such . 
  while german settlers in other regions did n't make enough to hit statistics . 
  i guess prussians as `` old prussians '' is distinction in medieval ( = germanised ) prussians vs 19th century prussia . 
  rather than pre-german prussians , which would require germans as distinct category indeed . 
  * faping intensifies *, 
  some did care , some did n't . 
  some care only when it aligned with their own interests . 
  that 's the price for largely decentralised state without strong monarchy . 
  like in today 's democracies . 
  it 'd be interesting to see alternate timeline with absolute monarchy . 
  but that was not possible since before personal union . 
  i doubt jogaila could have established it as he was invited by the nobility themselves . 
  i 'm not sure how poland got to such situation . 
  but at least in lithuania , there was never a tradition of strong centralised government . 
  even mindaugas who `` unified '' the country did n't have absolute authority . 
  later rulers had to put up with strong regional rulers too . 
  you mean put restrictions on vans and kitchenware ? 
  at that time , nobility was pretty much all people who were educated and actually cared about the state as such . 
  remove nobility and you 're left with a bunch of clueless peasants who do n't care about much outside of their immediate bubble . 
  but yes , nobility could have been wiser looking at information we 've today . 
  more thinking about the state rather than own pocket would have been nice :( glad to see the plc culture still alive & kicking today !, 
  he saw city dwellers statistics and did n't mind to look up general population . 
   gdansk at the time actually had more germans than any other city at that time ( and all the way to early 20th century ) most of population lived in country side . 
  if you 'd look at city population , german-speaking people and jews were majority in most of plc. 
  yet they did n't make that much of general population . 
  [ ftfy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75zmij_4lfq ) edit : first downvote in modern history for posting sabaton . 
  i must be doing smth wrong with my life :(, 
  it was quite a progressive novelty at the time and it did eventually go wrong . 
  many progressive things turns out to be shit for one reason or another . 
  some do stick though . 
  or we could stick to absolute monarchy and call it a day . . 
  well , plc was quite a progressive country at the time . 
  much less religious wars and violence , rather democratic government and eventually publishing first constitution in europe . 
  i was at a lecture a while ago and the dude was comparing plc and british empire . 
  he said one of the core differences was that britons + / - successfully pushed common identity over english/scottish/etc . 
  while plc failed that and smaller nations were not so happy with poland 's hegemony . 
  from the article :  the suicide rate listed is the amount of people who commit suicide per 100,000 people . 
  happiness and unhappiness are two different metrics , not opposite sides of the same stick . 
  same like money ! = happiness . 
  but money = = less unhappiness . 
  not necessarily . 
  dudes from , heating company used to tour such houses and adjust accordingly to forecasts . 
  they might be late on exceptionally warm day . 
  but consistently overheating is a different issue . 
  let alone if enough people were n't happy about that , they might give them a call and ask to reduce it . 
  or get a key ( block 's admin always got one ) and adjust it themselves , it 's not a rocket science . 
   sweden is developed country , where anybody , having a stable job , can rent an apartment , or get a social one . 
  apartment rent market in stockholm is getting epic from what i hear . 
  not london-epic yet , but it 's on that path . 
  someone making minimum wage would have really hard time getting an apartment . 
  unless they 're ok to commute in from suburbia . 
  especially in stockholm . 
  swathes of empty apartments just waiting for someone to rent them for peanuts , 
  very few buildings did that . 
  but there was no government aid . 
  gov-aided program skipped that step and went to full renovation . 
  a lot of blocks ' internal plumbing is getting old , leaking roofs , overall poor looks . . 
  most opt in to per-room regulators , some go as far as per-apartment heating accounting ( = full heating replumbing ) . 
  another story ... a friend of mine , was paying for heating through the roof . 
  like , heating was ~ the same as his rent . 
  and he lived whole winter with open windows , even at -20 c. 
  it was just too damn hot . 
  not sure if someone messed with the input or they just democratically voted to have 24/7 sauna . 
  on the other hand , there 's a reason for that . 
  mold loves to grow if cold and damp apartments : / so yeah , it 's still shitty , but price is definitely not just corruption etc. 
  ha ha ha . 
  i know for a fact at least in some blocks one can mess with central input heating . 
  pensioners loooove to have comfy 25c which is fuckin cheap for them . 
  it was constant warfare to go down there and reset it back and forth . 
  even after renovation and installing per-unit regulators , pensioners exploit them . 
  my parents ' building got per-unit regulators , but the block bill is split equally . 
  otherwise renovation would have been more expensive . 
  anyway , one pensioner neighbour was caught hacking her regulator because hottest setting was not hot enough for her .
