  it 's good to temporarily fix west 's demographic issues and get some poors and criminals off the streets in the east . 
  long term , brain/population drain sucks for the east . 
  the west ai n't solving their problems long-term either . 
  in addition to that , already overcrowded urban centers are getting bigger while rural parts get more rural . 
  both causing social and infrastructure issues . 
  is it better than what was in 90s ? 
  maybe . 
  is it good long term ? 
  do n't think so . 
  can confirm . 
  tourist attraction ? 
  hell yeah , just park your car there and go for a short stroll over that hill ... do n't forget enough water/food/clothes !, 
  and make sure to not watch over your shoulder when talking that pic on the edge of 100m cliff . 
  maybe that , or maybe they decided it 's a good selling point . 
  at least it worked for me  btw i was surprised mobile internet worked almost all the way from tallinn to helsinki . 
  really ? 
  that 's sad . 
  i 'm on omnitel which is owned by sonera . 
  no roaming fees in all countries where it operates ( nordics + baltics ) . 
  including interwebs . 
  for the rest of eu , if you got one of more expensive packages ( $ 10/mo + ) , you get some interwebs free too . 
  like 15mb/day , which is not much , but more than enough to google for free wifi  i 'm usually on cheaper package and upgrade to that one for months when i travel . 
  economy of scale is already there . 
  most telcos are ( partially ) owned by multinational networks . 
  and even if they 'd require a declared residency address , it can be abused too . 
  people do that all the time to keep their lithuanian driver licences instead of getting british/german/etc . 
  they declare their address , gets the paperwork done and undeclare it the next day . 
  declaring an address , at least in lithuania , can be done completely online in few minutes . 
  that 's exactly what i said . 
  eu ai n't uniform either . 
  italy to germany to czechia to poland to finland are very different too . 
  i 'd say specific parts of eu are closer to corresponding parts of us ( london vs. 
  nyc ? ), 
  than opposite parts of eu ( london to bumfucknowhere in lithuania ) . 
  but it 's not speeding if it 's legal , eh ? 
  but the myth ( ? ), 
  over there is that outside of autobahns , germans stick to rules and do n't speed . 
  did n't seem so ... 
  that was the case like ... 15 ? 
  years ago . 
  kiosks are virtually gone . 
  police routinely scan woods for illegal alcohol cookeries . 
  the age of babatukas is pretty much over . 
  i did n't care about context much . 
  i saw your post and i replied to it specifically , providing local context . 
  neither of the posts are about comparing lithuania to countries you mentioned either . 
  aside from stating , that russia has a heavy drinking problem which seem to cause significant health issues . 
  lithuanian alcohol drinking stats may look bad , but alcohol-related death toll does n't seem to make news in our case ... 
  much into whataboutism ? 
  heh , that 's what drivers in literally any country say  back in lithuania , speeding is not speeding till it 's  20km/h over the limit . 
  smug fellows talk how people `` in the west '' or `` in the north '' drive nicely and do n't speed . 
  after driving in germany and finland ... fuck me sideways , everybody speeds . 
  lithuanian expats take quite a bit of alcohol with them . 
  truck drivers are known to take a lot of alcohol on their tours too , either to sell or bribe . 
  guesstimated figures are quite impressive . 
  sure ' it 's nowhere near 1/3 . 
  but the bottom line does n't look bad . 
  yea , tarmac is definitely a different story . 
  i was talking about gravel roads . 
  many people left cities to live in suburbs that are reachable by gravel only . 
  land is much cheaper far from tarmac and other infrastructure . 
  now those people cry how gov does n't take care of them and do n't pave or at least smoothen the roads every month  apparently they did n't budgeted for more car maintenance or building better roads when they saved tens of thousands of euros on land . 
  do finns seriously fix the roads themselves ? 
  over there in lithuania , people would just bitch how gov did n't smoothen the road since spring . 
  so in highways in finland one has to go at posted speed ? 
  or is there some other minimum speed ? 
  some of their dirt roads are better than some tarmac roads in other countries :|, 
  can confirm . 
  visited finland a week ago . 
  did n't expect to speed that much . 
  yeah , it 's definitely biased . 
  did n't look much into exact details of the map tbh . 
  just saying that in ethnic lithuanian areas , poles and belarusians did n't just magically showed up . 
  i had bumped into quite a few people , who thought that poles and belarusians were indigenous people in nowadays lithuania ... p.s. 
  gardinas was probably as lithuanian than memel back then , 
  they were more likely to be ethnic lithuanians , but speaking in other languages because lithuanian was considered a crappy language at the time . 
  it was n't cool to speak lithuanian till late 19th century or even early 20th century , depending on region . 
  but many people identified as lithuanians nonetheless . 
  kinda like nowadays scots or irishmen . 
  available in any supermarket in donetsk and luhansk . 
  can confirm . 
  went on a bicycle ride through rural ex-east germany . 
  big chunks of it look really sad . 
  on par with sad parts of the rest of eastern europe . 
  in addition to what / u/ro4ers said , now old people where 50 or so at the time ussr crashed . 
  they lost their savings , many lost jobs as big companies went under . 
  but most of them were n't in position to make profit of the transition . 
  thus wild capitalism struck them pretty hard . 
  been to saxony/czech switzerland a couple weeks ago . 
  i spent just 3 days there . 
  definitely coming back for longer . 
  it 's russia being hypocritical and looking out for itself at the same time . 
  it was started by both germany and ussr . 
  if one of them did n't exist , it may had been very different . 
  in addition to that , ussr supply issues greatly increased the death count . 
  the stalin 's purges had a huge effect on military capacity too . 
  edit : ussr kinda fits the `` jingoist '' definition too ... 
  for ww2 , ussr 's death count is on left 's . 
  in ww1 . . 
  i 'm not sure if left/right division even existed back then .
