  sometimes i ca n't even breath through nose after longer visit at a pussyhouse :(, 
  32 % in lithuania ? 
  did n't expect that much :| p.s. 
  as allergic to cats . . fuck you all :d, 
  not arguing for one or the other system . 
  just saying that eu is much more conservative and slower on stuff like this . 
  wether for good or bad . 
    uncontrolled gmos  it 's never been shown to be deleterious to one 's health that 's difference between us and eu in one post . 
  us seem to have `` use until proven unsafe '' , while eu prefers `` use when proven safe '' . 
  so , do as russia want or you 'll have a bad day . 
  and russia is the best country in the world regarding human rights and ethnic/religious/whatever minority treatment . 
  i take it you do n't know much about on the ground situation in the region . 
  you know , some people say that ussr splitup was us overthrowing legitimate governments too . 
  even if it was , locals would be super happy . 
  same with ukraine or georgia . 
  hopefully belarus will soon get the help they deserve :(, 
  ukraine/crimea or georgian war is purely media thing . 
  never happened , right ? 
  more like this is the top notch clickbait these days . 
  why ? 
  because people near russia do n't feel safe thanks to recent developments . 
  thus they read any related shit . 
  they were enslaving people and using them for themselves . 
  later , they started selling them . 
  they may had been trading them before too though , not sure . 
  pretty much as systematic . 
  slavery never was about some specific demographic . 
  black slavery in the americas was possibly most numerous and is most well known . 
  but there were all kinds of slavery around the world . 
  even in americas there were not only black slaves . 
  it 's not like africans were peaceful happy hippies and then bad europeans came . 
  africans themselves were happy to capture and sell their fellows . 
  slavery and all other bad things existed in africa for ages . 
  in fact , europeans just bought slaves from africans . 
  probably yugoslavia invested in good infrastructure while albania lagged behind and did n't catch up yet . 
  it 's likely based on creek named lietava ( also known as lietauka ) . 
  it 's located west of our first supposed capital kernav\u0117 . 
  as for the creek , both `` to flow '' and `` rain '' are possible . 
  the creek is kinda small and gets significantly bigger when it rains . 
  not much of a flow on hot summer day . 
  you mean if they 're that good to be worth paying a fine ? 
  i 've no idea what `` unspoken quota '' you 're talking about . 
  politics was majority men back when women did n't pursue career/education as much . 
  it 's not because of some kind of ceiling . 
  on the other hand , i guess i 'm not qualified to discuss this . 
  we have a woman president doing her 2nd term now and at one point we had women president and head of parliament at the same time . 
  we had woman prime minister too . 
  i guess luxembourg is very backwards compared to eastern europe :(, 
  now that 's sexism . 
  the problem is good candidates may not make it to the party 's list . 
  live streaming would be great to build supporters base . 
  they could vouch you did the right thing . 
  the question is n't very clear either . 
  if i was asked such question , i would ask wether it means that only one side is ( nearly ) blackout drunk or both sides are equally drunk . 
  former is clearly not okay . 
  but later is okay-ish in my books . 
  or both are equally guilty , which kinda evens out and makes it ok too :|, 
  wonder if this is only for mass-produced energy or for heating a single house too . 
  in lithuania , we have no coal plants anymore . 
  however , quite a few houses are heated by `` hard fuel '' . 
  usually same equipment ( or with minor modifications ) can burn coal/charcoal/wood and people use whichever is cheapest or most convenient at given time . 
  if it 's not the same thing , it 's at least a cousin . 
  the picture i linked says it was formed during ice age . 
  sand was brought and drifted by streams `` running from glaciers '' . 
  although that may be translation error . 
  lithuanian version says it was formed of sand brought by water in tunnels and gaps in glaciers, 
  we call things like this `` ozas '' . 
  over there , they 're not as pronounced as in your picture though . 
  just long narrow sandy-ish hills . 
  for example http://zagaresrp.am.lt/vi/files/0.551475001265271174.jpg, 
  we got \u017e / \u0161 / \u010d instead double-letters with z. 
  however , in english that is dropped and only z/s/c remains . 
  if someone would write `` sz '' in his name , it 'd read exactly that in lithuanian - `` sz '' , not '' \u0161 '' . 
  thus his passport says valdemar toma\u0161evski . 
  quite a few uk companies have outsourced their operations to the east . 
  we 'd definitely benefit from keeping uk in single market , even without free movement . 
  happy : offended ratio seems to be strangely compelling in this thread . 
  looks like a plan . 
  baltica fuck yeah . 
  much better than expected . 
  the memel area was very small . 
  less than 10 % of modern lithuania . 
  germany was very popular in interwar times though . 
  it was popular-ish during soviet times too . 
  after that , it was all about english . 
  and some russian . 
  i think it went down rapidly after '08 or so . 
  from my ( and my friends ) experience , it depends on region too . 
  more or less gone in vilnius . 
  but elsewhere is lagging behind a bit . 
  never bribed and thought bribing is gone too . 
  but i had an interesting experience a year ago . 
  me doing 130-ish back from klaip\u0117da , in the middle of nowhere . 
  winter speed limit is already set , but road is dry , weather is good and no car in sight so why not . . 
  suddenly full blown discotheque lights up and i see a policeman waving me : / well , whatever , i do n't have any standing fines , thus half of minimum , which would be < $ 20 . 
  the usual routine , takes papers , asks to come to car ... once i step out , he starts small talk where i 'm from , where i 'm going , if i have any standing fines etc. 
  then he reads the papers , takes a look at car plates and asks along the lines of `` so . . what are we gone do ? 
  it 'd be quite a small fine , eh ? '' . 
  my response was that i agree i was speeding a bit , so yes , fine is fair game . 
  then he returns my papers and tells to not speed again .
