  because there was not much else to do and social system was highly geared towards having kids . 
  also , at least in ussr , contraceptives were not so easy to get and no sexed . 
  would you ban things linked to subcultures too ? 
  or only certain religions you do n't like , but leave all subcultures-borderline-cults-borderline-religions alone ? 
  but there must be enough negativity to push people to protest . 
  most people have a lot of other stuff to do and protesting is far from their favourite hobby . 
  shit really needs to hit the fun to get them out to streets . 
  of course , there 's the counter force of fear which is commonly together with the very serious negativity . 
  but once there 's enough negativity , people will protest no matter what . 
  personally , i know and believe things can get better . 
  thus i 'm not out there protesting . 
  although there 're quite a few things i 'd like to tell my politicians . 
  if things would get really dark , then i 'd start thinking about protesting and stuff . 
  to bring back hope that things can get better . 
  from that point , i 'll resort back to my job and leave politics for politicians . 
  what you described is logic of hobby protesters . 
  those people love to protest if they seem there 's something to protest and possibly bring some change or even publicity . 
  but the vast masses do n't give a shit about that . 
  easy and common mistake . 
  because people being negative about the future is what causes the protests ? 
  why would people being positive about the future protest ? 
  sure , there 're some people who 'll protest anything all the time . 
  but for mass protests you need the very negative overall attitude . 
  otherwise most people just do n't care enough . 
  our president is ex eu commissioner so there 's that ... 
  imo religion is the perfect tool to build a stable society . 
  irreligious societies seem to split into a lot of subcultures which invent their own pseudo religions . 
  in the long run , such society does n't have much glue holding it all together . 
  aside maintaining status quo and letting each other do their own thing . 
  but it looks like sooner or later someone wants to enforce is way of living on others and the whole thing starts shaking . 
  it 'd be interesting to profile when and how exactly those people got radicalised . 
  as you mentioned , quite a few radicals seem to have tech degrees . 
  i wonder if being exposed to a lot of atheists around them played a role . 
  maybe feeling pressure caused them to cave in . 
  humans are very good at trying to keep a whole understanding of the world around them . 
  contradiction is one of the worst thing a human can experience . 
  i 'm too lazy to google for source , but there 're quite a few studies on that . 
  thus the only difference in religious and atheist are their starting points . 
  after that , both of them seek to reinforce their world views . 
  using any means available to them . 
  both groups seek approval from peers , listen to superiors and bash their opponents . 
  sorry about your fingers . 
  hopefully upboat is good enough compensation for missing / s !, 
  eh , i 'd say you finns have . . reserved opinion rather than hate sweden . 
  i 've heard smth along the lines of `` he 's swede , but a good guy '' few times . 
  so neighbour relations as usual  i noticed some anti-norway sentiment only up in the north . 
  the usual `` rich sleazy neighbours '' stuff . 
  to be fair , they probably dislike helsinki as much as norway . . 
  over there in vilnius huge portion of downtown was left as-is after ww2 . 
  dangerous buildings demolished , good buildings fixed up and everything in between was partially used or left to rot . 
  most of it was cleaned up in late 90s-early 00s . 
  but there 're still some leftovers in not-so-expensive areas . 
  that seems to be the list of top-hated countries rather . 
  finns seem to be err ... not so fond of sweden . 
  do n't ask them about russia . 
  and norway is even worse than that for this dude . 
  i wonder why estonia ended up in that comparison :|, 
  yea , my telescreen already scheduled me for retraining . 
  when did ministry of truth published list of legit phobias ? 
  ^ this guy rides lobster gloves mater race !!, 
  that 's the difference between russia and the rest of ex-commies ... 
  how would you choose which polish death camp to send to ? 
  you 've soooo many !, 
  swiss chocolate is better though ... 
  what about eastern czechia ? 
  are you saying you 'd send such person to a death camp ? 
  it 's a joke along the same lines as westerns saying they kinda liked ussr/stalin/lenin / etc. 
  in the east , hitler is not the ultimate evil as in the west . 
  it 's at the same step as stalin at best . 
  even during ussr times it was common joke that `` i wish hitler won , we 'd have better beer/sausages/roads / etc at least '' . 
  generally people do not admire hitler/nazis , but think commies/stalin was worse option of the two . 
  maybe because we got to experience it for so much longer . 
  in addition to that , commies , who were despised , said hitler/nazis were bad . 
  enemy-of-the-enemy kicks in and you got what you got . 
  they do . 
  going as far as claiming that lithuanian grand duchy successor is belarus . 
  which is the true lithuania while modern lithuania are imposters . 
  ... and then those polonised people would start talking in russia and saying how good putin is , 
  just fyi , there quite a few polonised people in central lithuania . 
  mostly in k\u0117dainiai and jonava and their surroundings . 
  at the turn of 20th century , kaunas city had almost identical population as vilnius city . 
  few lithuanians , mostly jews , russians and poles . 
  vilnius region had quite a few lithuanians too . 
  it was n't that much different from the rest of the country as some people make it look . 
  for example , polonised names were popular throughout the country . 
  it was popular to lithuanise names and even surnames in 20s . 
   95 % polish city huh ? 
  more like mostly jewish . 
  and many russians . 
  poles were n't even majority . 
  btw , lithuania was kinda friendly to poland up to the point when poland took vilnius ... 
  it 's a bit more complicated than that . 
  there 's a. . let 's say freedom troika . 
  january 13th ( just `` remembrance '' day , some modest celebration , growing year-over-year ) , february 16th ( day off , a wee more celebration ) and finally march 11th ( day off , several celebrations ) . 
  in addition to that , there 's july 6th . 
  the crowning day of mindaugas , our first and only pope-approved king . 
  which is day-off and usually good weather . 
  thus unofficial national bbq/camping/open air festivals day . 
  the day # 1 is either feb 16th or march 11th , varies from person to person . 
  imo feb 16th is a bit more important .
