  i 've read plenty of other witness reports how ak was checking villages and shooting lithuanians on the spot . 
  too lazy to find them and they were in lithuanian anyway . 
  i see lithuanian version of ak wikipedia page includes that ak was doing lithuanian 's genocide . 
  if it 's not removed yet , i guess they have enough proof . 
  i 'm not saying that ak killed hundreds of thousands of people . 
  few thousands ? 
  probably . 
  it 's up to you if such genocide : good work ratio is good enough . 
  all sides did shit that looks really nasty now . 
  we can either accept that and move on , or keep trying to calculate who killed more and who was worse 70 years ago . 
  hmm . 
  somehow i was under impression , that pilsudski shelved it after the vilnius affair . 
  got ta read more into that i guess . 
  on the other hand , given lithuania 's size , kaunas might count as vilnius surroundings too , 
  so now we 're playing the `` only the worst is bad '' game ? 
  ca n't tell you exact numbers , especially for ukrainians . 
  but over there , we got quite a few monuments for people massacred by armija krajowa . 
  so independent , but in confederation ? 
  or independent next to another part of ukraine , which would have been in confederation ? 
  from what i heard , it was supposed to include whole ukraine . 
  pilsudski saving his native wilno is kinda bullshit imo . 
  he was still trying to get commonwealth going at that time . 
  \u017deligowski tried to capture as much as he could , possibly including whole interwar lithuania . 
  lithuanian army was able to stop him though . 
  even push him back a little bit . 
  it 's not like there was some defined territory that poles were trying to capture initially . 
  at least i never bumped into such data . 
  which killed plenty of civilians . 
  same as the ukrainian one . 
  are you saying that those particular guys who killed bandera did n't do much ? 
  bandera himself probably did n't kill many people either . 
  ussr itself was kinda happy to do genocides though . 
   pi\u0142sudski was a supporter of independent ukraine ( with petlyura as a president ) , without lw\u00f3w however . 
  do you have any readings on that ? 
  from what i read before , pilsudski was very keen to restore pre-partitions commonwealth . 
  including whole lithuania and ukraine . 
  how about all those armija krajowa streets ? 
  they were n't exactly nice guys too . 
  same way armija krajowa is a big thing in poland . 
  it did as much shit as ukrainians , if not more . 
  even if he made the shooter angry , he held him up for a significant time . 
  who knows how many people managed to escape while the guy was talking bullshit . 
  in addition to that , making the guy angry is not always bad . 
  angry people tend to make more mistakes like do n't aim as well in a rush . 
  wasting the shooter 's ammo is good too . 
  fuck experts . 
  that 's why we ca n't have nice things . 
  and how many wars were caused by the migration and ethnic mixing ? 
  is n't it related ? 
  if economics was not related to politics and perception , dictatorship would be the best form of government and ussr would have succeeded . 
  successful policy needs people backing . 
  some unpopular decisions do n't have majority backing , but still get implemented thanks to some popular support and national government support . 
  but if federal ( - ish ) government policy was n't genuinely backed by national government and the population , i doubt it 'd be successfully implemented . 
  it may be a wee more democractic on paper . 
  but i can bet if it was in place , greeks would n't be more happy about it . 
  they 'd still bitch about german overlords and their elected officials . 
  would n't common integrated democratic institution would be same as troika in the . . offending ? 
  countries ? 
  either way , it 's policies decided far away by people , voted in by ( more or less ) other people . 
  the migration is not only money issue . 
  over there , it 's cool to emigrate to london or smth similar for the sake of it . 
  i 've seen firsthand how parents disgrace their kids if they decide to go west . 
  because apparently country they built is not good enough . 
  and just rural-urban migration does n't give enough bragging rights to them  rural-urban migration is quite a different beast both economically and culturally . 
  but even that ai n't good in the long term . 
  even if overcrowding in vilnius is very pale , compared to western europe capitals , it 's still there . 
  but it seems to be an eternal carousel . 
  people go were jobs are , while jobs appear where people are . 
  rinse and repeat . 
  from what i see , eu rural funds do n't do much aside from embracing corruption . 
  how would further integration help euro ? 
  enforcing same policies throughout eu to avoid greece-like situations ? 
  but it 's not possible to change people mentality just with a law and order . 
  well , it is , but it will take few generations at best . 
  and those in-between generations will be messed up badly . 
  when a town is 100km to capital , which speaks same language , it 's not as distant as a country a 1000km away speaking different language . 
  in addition to that , there 're certain culture/historical/whatever difference which may make certain things good for germany which my country may like or not . 
  the differences are much smaller from town to town . 
  sure one vote is nothing . 
  but influencing similar minded people who speak the same language is much more doable than people who i could barely talk to . 
  i agree it 's quite a bit about perception and hyperbolisation . 
  but if we remove all perception-like things , we can go straight to brave new world style dictatorship , eh ? 
  still many times closer than than having no influence whatsoever . 
  depends on how you define fine . 
  individual people who move are more or less ok . 
  but i think it 's just masking both source and receiving countries ' problems rather than solving them . 
  that wo n't solve neither birth rate , nor wage difference issues in the long term . 
  we may end up with overcrowded megacities and empty backcountry . 
  some people may like that , but that ai n't cool in my books . 
  for euro , i do n't see how further integration would help . 
  unless we 'd have successful megacities that 'd fund the poor backcountry . 
  which is not healthy imo . 
  i 'm national anarchist at heart . 
  i 'm all for giving regional governments as much rights possible . 
  but that may be a different topic . . 
  i agree that small states like mine have hard time globally . 
  but currently eu feels like it fucks it 's members on what should be local matters , but does n't delivery on global level either . 
  with all the weight eu is supposed to have , it could have easily forced migrants ' source states to take them back . 
  did n't happen . 
  but when it comes to pushing austerity or minority rights or whatever onto small states - the eu mechanism works much better .
