  this option may look reasonable on paper , but it does n't really work . 
  for example , in lithuania ,  50 % of redistributed refugees have already left . 
  it 's + / - the same throughout ee . 
  so . . what else ? 
  sorry to disappoint , but hardly so . 
  on the few tallest dunes , people are not allowed to walk the very ridge . 
  other dunes do n't have steep drop off which i guess is required ? 
  pl-kaunas bit was planned & financed back when the rest of railbaltica was just a nice idea . 
  i 'm 99 % `` yet another '' line wo n't be built . 
  but looking at the map , the newly built line can be cheaply upgraded to double-track . 
  currently pl-kazl\u0173 r\u016bda ( where kaliningrad comes into play ) is double track with 1x wide , 1x euro . 
  changing gauge ( or even using both at once ) on existing railway is not rocket science . 
  kazl\u0173 r\u016bda - kaunas is currently 3 tracks . 
  i guess it 's 1x euro , 2x wide . 
  so handling 2x euro would be possible for sure . 
  electrification is add-on which does n't contradict existing infrastructure . 
  speed-wise , the planned speed for whole railbaltica is 160km/h afaik . 
  which the pl-kaunas section does handle , aside from signalling . 
  on poland side , i heard they 're doing massive upgrade on warsaw-byalystok bit , unrelated to railbaltica . 
  no idea if that 's done yet . 
  and then there 's byalystok-lt bit . 
   except that it 's single track , it 's not electrified and it does n't follow the agreed route . 
  huh ? 
  it does match the route . 
  it 's straight pl-kaunas . 
  it matches all railbaltica maps i can find . 
  from what i can find , it looks like the double-track and electrified specs apply for coming kaunas-tallinn only . 
  which technically is separate project from pl-kaunas bit ( stupid , i know ) . 
  it 'd be kinda dumb to have this bottleneck just hanging there , so i assume it 'll be upgraded . 
  from what i remember , poland do n't have electrified rail for warsaw-lt yet too . 
  electrification of remaining sections may be another railbaltica stage . 
  anyhow , if pl-kaunas section had to be scraped and rebuilt from scratch , there 'd be a massive scandal there . 
  so far the only talk is about taking land for kaunas-lv section . 
   nope , no such talks here . 
  tartu has a connection to tallinn and riga at this point . 
  it was quite a bit of topic over there though . 
  both for vilnius inclusion as well as \u0160iauliai vs. panev\u0117\u017eys . 
  the sane people won and it will go kaunas -  \u0160iauliai -  lv route . 
  but the other group got to include the additional route as theoretical future option . 
  i did n't read the official documents , but that 's how it 's marketed here . 
   that 's not the correct one . 
  it 's 120km/h single track . 
  that 's the same standard as estonian russian gauge railways right now . 
  for me , shocking that lithuania would even build so poor railways nowadays . 
  nope . 
  there 's a newly built euro gauge from pl all the way to kaunas . 
  it 's speed is currently limited , because proper high speed signalling was not installed for some reason . 
  other than that , it 's built to railbaltica specs . 
  there 's a wide/russian gauge from kaunas to pl border as well . 
   you could easily just change trains in kaunas when using rail baltic . 
  totally agree on this one . 
  there 's a good kaunas < -  vilnius service anyway . 
  vilnius < -  tallinn service in addition to pl < -  tallinn would be just dumb . 
   umm ... we 've already choses p\u00e4rnu , there wo n't be changes there . 
  sorry for the confusion . 
  alternative as another route existing next to each other , not alternative way to build original route . 
  from what i heard it 's supposed to be built at later point ( = never ) to allow re-routing if shit happens as well as connect vilnius and tartu to the euro network . 
  not sure if it 's latvia and lithuania or just lithuania that has the transit line for kaliningrad - that one one should be kept and rent seeking from russia for resupplying kaliningrad should obviously continue . 
  fun thing is , kaliningrad transit ( as well as klaip\u0117da port < -  ru/by ) goes through kaunas-vilnius section . 
  as long as it stays wide , there 's no point to convert kaunas-klaip\u0117da section . 
  we could replace very few deadend sections without hindering kaliningrad or klaip\u0117da port transit . 
   lithuania also doubts about kaunas-pl border section this section of euro-gauge is already in place and operating . 
   imo , upgrading kaunas-vilnius-minsk would make much more sense there 's no space to add additional rail in quite a few parts of existing kaunas-vilnius section . 
  both land ownership/buildup issues and terrain is problematic . 
  removing old gauge is not an option because we 'd have to rebuild the rest of our rail network . 
  and would fuck up transit to kaliningrad as well as ru/by export through klaip\u0117da port . 
  the current vilnius-plan is to build alternative euro-gauge route at some point . 
  pl -  vilnius ( probably rebuilding druskininkai/var \u0117na deadend ) -  panev\u0117\u017eys ( no rail ever before ) -  riga -  tartu ( to make estonians happy too ) -  tallinn . 
  ethnic/racial/etc tension is the shit . 
  the war with the mother country is usually just the last straw . 
  and in any case mob actions are usually not exactly justified . 
  but i do n't see why government should n't keep an eye on diasporas during such times . 
  seeing russian diaspora in my country , it 's pretty clear that they 're much more targeted and/or affected by russian propaganda than other citizen . 
  it does n't mean that diaspora as a whole is national security threat . 
  but i can easily see why being part of it would be a red flag if shit hits the fan . 
  yep . 
  that 's why i 'm saying only holland is netherlands . 
  this high bit is definitely not low . 
  nah , it 's just holland ... 
  nobody says that good border control is final solution . 
  but a leak is much easier to take care of than massive influx . 
  as in , it 'd be actually possible to assimilate few people that 'd still come . 
   russia depends on the presumption that their bordering diaspora will align towards them because russia can ostensibly offer a better future than as a minority in a powerless state . 
  that and they try to exercise their soft power through cultural events , and mass media targeting their diasporas . 
  and that 's kinda simple , because diasporas tend to have idealised views towards their mother countries . 
  be it russians in crimea , turks in germany or pakistanis in the uk . 
  of course , some of them did escape their countries because of reasons . 
  but time goes by , reasons vanish and new generation grows up . 
  the recent example of booming erdogan support in turkish diasporas is a very good example . 
  many of those people left turkey because of reasons ( in ) directly caused by erdogan-like people . 
  yet , quite a few of them seem to support him . 
  or at least very vocal minority . 
  i was under impression they were treated more or less like japanese during ww2 . 
  which seems to be + / - correct looking at how you describe it . 
  anyhow , do n't get me wrong . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's ok to indiscriminately round up diasporas during wars with their mother countries . 
  i 'm saying that historically it is a common practice . 
  countries tend to both try to exercise their diasporas as well as keep an eye on diasporas in their countries . 
  i agree that diasporas tend to be higher risk citizens and definitely worth double-checking during war times . 
   but the first world war was a 20th century thing < ...  ww1 was logical consequence of 19th century happenings .
