  that 's ok , learn to prepare maps instead . 
  do n't want to hold gun for xyz reason ? 
  learn medicine . 
  they joined professional army . 
  conscript armies are usually a wee different . 
  over there , conscripts can not be sent on missions abroad . 
  i 'm not sure about sweden , but over there conscripts can not be sent abroad . 
  not sure if it includes non-war missions only or offensive declared war as well . 
  but iraq or afghanistan style missions are off the table . 
  so like a job . 
  i 'm not sure about sweden , but in most countries conscripts are ok 'd to go home on weekends , have vacation etc. 
  personally i 'm for swiss style conscription . 
  short term training with weekend/year for keeping skills sharp . 
  a year is too much imo . 
  couple months should be enough to learn to operate basic guns , navigation and survival skills . 
  there were people genuinely happy about ussr too . 
  there 're people happy about north korea . 
  i 'm sure there 're people happy about cuba too . 
  i got ta agree that communist regimes work out rather well to the lowest rungs of society . 
  communism is very effective to make everyone equal by bring everybody to lowest common standard . 
  which is both worst and best feature of communism . 
  btw , i talked to people who had went to cuba . 
  they said locals were n't that happy about the situation . 
  especially once you get out of approved resorts . 
  i 'm happy to be lost in capitalism . 
  my country is doing much better now . 
  true scarcity was under communism . 
  everyone had money but nothing to buy  a lot of capitalism issues are because gov does n't allow capitalism fully work . 
  if big banks and companies were allowed to fail , it 'd be much better . 
  yep . 
  i 'm kinda glad how it 's going over there . 
  people are more or less aware that russia does pull some strings . 
  but `` links with russia '' is not a death sentence to politician which i think is good . 
  current gov is a wee ... on the grey side , but there 's no mass hysteria . 
  most of critique is rather constructive and russian links are n't blown out of proportion , rather the opposite . 
  what looks weird is west/us progressive fringes used to be pro-russia and now the tide has turned . 
  while right wing seem to have done opposite . 
  most of the world was much worse of back then than it is today, 
  i know it 's ( one of ) expected results . 
  what sucks is that people seem to perpetuate it even without ( noticeable ? ), 
  russia 's involvement . 
  at that point , i 'm not sure if it 's used as boogeyman or what . 
  after all , all boogeymen have some kind of validation . 
  some people seem to embrace this tactics to the level that anything outside of uber progressive line is pro-russia . 
  this narrative is much more prominent than a 1 or 3 ago . 
  the world was different back then and i believe cuba would be much better off today if commies were n't involved . 
  capitalism itself does n't kill people . 
  dictatorships doing crony capitalism do though . 
  but communism seem to be happy to kill anybody who does n't agree . 
  you could argue that only commie dictatorships kill people . 
  cuba is one of those example who did kill people . 
  either cuba is the bad kind of communism or there 's no good kind of communism . 
  yet !, 
  i despise communism even if it did n't kill anybody and was executed in best possible manner . 
  imo communism goes against the core of human nature . 
  from what i see in my own country , it just does n't work . 
  by these standards , ussr was thriving too cuba was doing better than neighbours before the whole mess . 
  and have their own violence going on . 
  yeah , and cuba is thriving today . 
  so do north korea . 
  communism is debilitating and anti human to the core . 
  there 's no single country where communism had n't failed and/or brought terror on citizens . 
  i 'm not saying that russia did n't do shit . 
  however , a lot of correlation seem to be taken as causation . 
  i 've bumped into too many people who think everybody is either pro-eu/clinton/etc or victim of/paid by russia . 
  which is not good because russia is getting credit it did n't deserve and makes discussion on actually issues harder . 
  they certainly do some shit . 
  false news with love from russia is weekly if not daily over there . 
  what i 'm saying is we should either ignore them or deal with them once and for all . 
  currently russia is getting a lot of attention , but there 's not that much stuff being done . 
  they either are used as scapegoat ( on top of shit they actually did ) or if they truly running the show ... that 's scary . 
  i could n't like russia less ( see flair ) , but current narrative to blame everything on russia is weird to say the least . 
  either it 's the ultimate boogeyman or truly the superpower # 1 which should be dealt with . 
  they should play glam metal though . 
  would be good background music for dates . 
  i was talking about the scapegoat tactics in general . 
  or is it only immigration the only scapegoat that makes one a nazi ? 
  but jews in germany were n't immigrants like in brexit case ... 
   if you use immigration issues as a way to divert attention from the real source of your problems , than you sound like the nazis , who accused the jews of all the woes of germany . 
  all kinds of politicians do that . 
  left , right , center ... are they all nazis now ? 
  this is exactly why i 'm anal about misusing words like this . 
  doublespeak sucks :(, 
   eu rules allow unlimited free movement of people only for a duration up to three months . 
  for longer periods , only workers , the very rich and students can stay in another eu country . 
  so 3-months rule does n't apply to `` workers '' and any eu citizen can work anywhere . 
  so there 's no way to reduce incoming workers from other eu countries . 
  it 's not about using lightly or heavily . 
  it 's about using correct term altogether . 
  racism is about race . 
  this have nothing to do with race . 
  not calling something racism is not `` normalising '' that either . 
  it 's not affecting people who did get permanent residence and stuff . 
  technically it 's ok to not renew work permits for people who came in temporarily and never made further advances . 
  i agree it 's shitty to kick out people eligible to permanent residence who were just too lazy to do paperwork . 
  hitler never invited jews . 
  they were there longer than modern german state existed . 
  that 'd be comparable if uk would deport scots . 
  what i 'm talking about is your `` racism '' is not `` racism '' and makes a serious thing to a bullshit phrase . 
  it 's discriminatory against any eu citizen , not only eastern europeans .
