  army tried to break the civilian chain-of-command and enforce military ( - supported ) rule . 
  it was n't a police action against resisting citizens either . 
  there was no legal order sent to those services that was disobeyed . 
  so there were no grounds for military/police action . 
    there were orders to attack . 
  no war declaration . 
  but orders were delivered and carried out . 
  is it war crime or what kind of crime ? 
   it 's not a war crime as there was no what kind of crime is it then ? 
  ordering army to attack civilians and civilian buildings . 
  even though there 's no war . 
  afaik were was no emergency announced either . 
  i agree that `` war crime '' may be stretching a wee bit . 
  but it 's some kind of crime for sure . 
  the question is what kind of crime and at what level did become a crime . 
   dude , these were civilians holding hands . 
  the army could have ended that in a couple of hours if they really wanted to . 
  it was not `` mercy '' though . 
  army possibly reached all but 1 objective . 
  and that 's if parliament was on the list . 
  their objective was n't to wipe out the local government by any means . 
  they could have wiped out parliament if they felt like it . 
  if their objective was to scary the fuck out of locals and + / - peacefully ( and legitimately ) install puppet gov , that failed . 
  but not because of `` mercy '' . 
  also , the january events could had been much more massive . 
  it 's documented that some mid-rank ussr officers did n't comply and did n't send in their people . 
  it 's not russian/ussr gov `` mercy '' though . 
  it was personal decision by those people . 
  as well as all those people who marched in support the next day throughout ussr . 
   it 's not a war crime when there 's no war . 
  if a group of british soldiers kills you today , it 's not a war crime . 
  there were orders to attack . 
  no war declaration . 
  but orders were delivered and carried out . 
  is it war crime or what kind of crime ? 
   still , the russians showed mercy and gave the baltic states their independence . 
  that happened after the failed coup only . 
  it was n't exactly mercy either . 
  just declaring that ussr is over and everybody is free to go on their own way . 
  however , current russia gov says that ussr dissolving was a disaster . 
  looks like they 're on the side of pre-failed-coup people . 
  which did n't show any `` mercy '', 
  depends on what we cause was . 
  in our case , main cause was to level soviet and nazi crimes . 
  legally they 're now treated equally . 
  we have a public discussion since forever on which was worse . 
  plenty of people on either side for various reasons . 
  not only because they 'd like either side , but more because they hate the other side . 
  lots of shitty arguments on both sides too . 
  the most rational way ( and imo the correct solution ) was to declare that both were equally bad . 
  this law is the result of that . 
  imo it works good for what it 's supposed to do . 
  the `` both sides were bad '' seems to be getting traction and most people are ok with that . 
  in addition to that , leveling both regimes was pretty good to unify our foreign policy . 
  whenever russia call us out for not attending pro-soviet celebrations and try to use fascism card , we have more arguments that we just treat both of them equally . 
  i 'd say the law has achieved the goal . 
  the way law is worded , it 's hard to get in trouble without doing shit on purpose . 
  it allows using for educational and informational purposes . 
  courts are also quite lax about it . 
  as i said in another comment , personally i 'm all for us-style complete freedom of speech laws . 
  but since this does n't seem to be popular in eu , this solution is best we can do . 
  did n't see any issues so far . 
  exposure-wise , a random swastika or soviet flag gets as much attention as before . 
  people who sympathise with either ideologies still appear once in a while . 
  they try to distance from specific countries/regimes and talk more about the ideology itself though . 
  the only major change is that ussr souvenirs are gone from tourist spots . 
  this was mostly about levelling nazis and communists though . 
  that both are equal evil . 
  there were two ways to achieve that - allow both or ban both . 
  allowing nazi stuff was not really feasible , so . . 
  well , the ideology itself is not banned . 
  we have at least one tiny `` socialist '' - leaning-communist party . 
  if there was a will , were could be a communist-y formed . 
  at worst , they may be unable to use `` lithuanian communist party '' as a name . 
  they could n't use soviet times flags/hymn/etc . 
  but nobody denies them preaching communist ideas as such . 
  we have this complicated story dating back to early 90s . 
  while announcing independence , lithuanian communist party chapter split from the main moscow-based party . 
  it soon changed it 's name to non-communist . 
  their theoretical policy was center-left-ish . 
  in reality , it was ( and , to extent , still is ) ex-communist oligarchs party . 
  after few merges , it 's now known as social democratic party . 
  which is in ruling coalition currently and was the main ruling party for the last 4 years . 
  however , back in 90s , a part of it split from them and re-created moscow-aligned lithuanian communist party . 
  this party actively worked against independence . 
  it 's leaders were jailed for anti-independence actions during january '91 and related events . 
  technically that 's the party that is outlawed . 
  different countries have different historical experiences . 
  for example in lithuania , communist party is banned altogether . 
  no idea if croatia have something similar . 
  our ban for both nazi and soviet symbols is mostly targeted towards selling merchandise though . 
  it was sad to see stalin t-shirts for sale in tourist spots . 
  in addition to that , it 's nice to have law for all those who 'd raise ussr flag for the memory of occupation or mass deportations . 
  personally i 'd be totally fine to have us-style free speech laws . 
  but i can only imagine shitstorm if we 'd legalise nazi stuff too ... 
  thus the blanket ban on both soviet and nazi stuff . 
  do you think that 'd help ? 
  depending on books , he may just realise how closer to his ideals europe was during that time . 
  or learn of more shit leftists did , thus resenting them even more . 
  now that 's dedication !,
