   and that poland was n't anti-lithuanian , when trying to force lithuania to join poland ? 
  yep . 
  still not nice to stab a neighbour in the back . 
  wether for right reasons or not . 
  well , league of nations thought vilnius occupation was breaching the agreement ... 
  either way , it 's kinda shitty to sign a demarcation line one day , and attack behind it the next day . 
  do n't you think so ? 
  ussr thought it was right to invade poland too . 
  does n't make it less shameful though . 
  btw , jews were the biggest in the city . 
  who happened to prefer lithuanian rule and boycotted the polish occupation at first . 
  most `` poles '' were ethnic lithuanians who were speaking polish . 
  if poland felt so strong in vilnius , they would n't have banned lithuanian schools and cultural organisations ... p.s. 
  let 's not repeat the usual flaming thread . 
  i guess both of us know each other 's arguments , 
  about signing peace treaty and then running a covert operation soon after . 
  that was just shameful . 
  hmm , teschen or vilnius might ring a bell, 
  dynamism as in dynamite , 
  latvia have big issues with their big russian minority . 
  and russians are . . well . . russians . 
  same in estonia . 
  in lithuania , ussr leftovers barely cause issues . 
  according to the image , the question included that immigrants are different race/ethnicity . 
  ca n't say for sure about poland , but i assume it 's kinda similar to lithuania . 
  we do n't care much about race/ethnicity/etc . 
  ffs , my classmate in in high school was black . 
  well , half black/half white , but 100 % black by the looks . 
  she was one of us and no one ever questioned it . 
  we 're very picky about culture though . 
  if somebody comes over , learns ( at least somewhat ) our language and accepts our customs - most people will be ok . 
  but if someone causes trouble or just acts out inappropriately , they 'll feel lots of burning looks , sometimes with juicy remarks . 
  heh , looks like nationalistic misogynists from eastern europe are more open minded after all, 
  then accept that eastern european nationalism is different . 
  and either east and west have different nationalisms , or your kind of nationalism does n't exist at all . 
  or is your definition only true definition and anyone else 's is wrong ? 
  even though that other definition came up before yours ? 
  well , you sound just like people you described when you put words into other people 's mouths . 
  so you 'd prefer pre-spring-of-nations europe ? 
  in both greek and refugee crisis , there was no final solution presented . 
  only temporary feel-good bullshit . 
  that 's why eastern europeans did n't like it . 
  look up the history of nationalism , why and how it became a thing . 
  you 'll be surprised , 
  same here . 
  even among academics/intellectuals/etc it was n't a big topic . 
  it may be just getting more popular in the last few years . 
  general popular is yet aware of `` ever closer union '' . 
  they would n't be fragmented and isolated if there was free trading area . 
  in addition to that , there were lots of investments throughout 90s . 
  in those fragmented and isolated markets . 
  how is that related to nationalism ? 
  some people have itchy knuckles . 
  for people from different neighbourhood , city or continent . 
  being nationalist or not does n't change that . 
  if countries/nations were erased from the earth , those people would find another attribute . 
  height , shape of fingers or whatever . 
  if you 're talking about the `` 4 pillar '' common market ( tm ) , then sure , it should go to hell together with current eu . 
  fta can be successful without a superstate-level political entity . 
  nafta does n't seem to be heading towards a superstate ... 
  literally any political ideology , or it 's spinoff , brought war at some point . 
  i agree nationalism brought the wars of spring of nations . 
  ww1 was imperialism high point . 
  ww2 was brought by very different ideologies too . 
  nationalism , at least in classical sense which is used in the east , is not about being superior . 
  it 's about each nation governing itself and each nation being equal . 
  wether big or small . 
  that each nation has same rights . 
  brics are nowhere close to fta , nor it was supposed to be . 
  eurasian union is just russia trying to bring back old good times . 
  it kinda works though . 
  at least on regulations level . 
  political backing do n't have to mean a superstate with pan-state identity . 
  we 've seen plenty of these to end up miserably . 
  like yugoslavia . 
  czechoslovakia seem to be more happy apart too . 
  ussr was a different beast , but it 's goal was kinda similar too . 
  economic integration is what usually prevents conflicts . 
  big companies hate war . 
  yep . 
  we still love our nation states which we just restored . 
  did n't get bored of them yet , like people in the west . 
  i 've read plenty about it . 
  nationalism was n't seen as bad till post-ww2 . 
  in fact , it was the thing that started decay of big empires in 19th century . 
  and brought democracy as well as government closer to the people . 
  east did n't get the denazification treatment , so we still see nationalism as before ww2 . 
  in fact , that 's what helped us survive the cold war . 
  + / - free trading area kind of stuff and no border checks, 
  well , people over there in the east stick to classical definition of nationalism . 
  not my fault your definition has changed and now you stick labels according to wrong definitions , rather than looking under the hood . 
  agreed that current eu is a shitshow on mud legs and it wo n't survive . 
  it can either become a federal union or focus on trade stuff . 
  i 'd prefer later . 
  ca n't say about the west , but many , if not most , people in the east would n't get behind that . 
  i feel that in the west the eu is seen as to-be-fedral , open borders , etc. 
  people who do n't like it are eusceptics . 
  which causes more people to be negative about eu . 
  in the east , eu future is seen as undecided and people do n't have issues to be both nationalistic and pro-eu . 
  thus more people are positive about eu .
