  it 's pretty cool to have government close by too . 
  instead of having someone thousands of kilometres away deciding things . 
  exactly . 
  nationalism is not about claiming it 's the best nation . 
  my country survived over occupations and regained independence both times thanks to nationalism . 
  there was no claim that we 're better than the empires occupying us or whatever . 
  just that we want to speak our language and have our own laws . 
  there 's a lot of cow milk produce that do n't have ( much ) lactose in them . 
  like hard cheese . 
  in addition to that , there 're other types of milk . 
  which may or may not be included in this pic . 
  i 'd rather look at my country . 
  which survived occupations and various tries to eradicate our language and culture thanks to nationalism . 
  but they do n't . 
  nationalism is about each nation having it 's own state and ruling itself . 
  once we get into `` better than other '' territory , it 's chauvinism . 
  herkus monte - never forget !, 
  more like still do n't trust russians ... 
  karaliau\u010dius rightful baltic clay !, 
  it is . 
  there 's a nursing degree in vilnius university . 
  lithuania provides live [ ammo ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-lithuania-ukraine-iduskcn1190f3?il=0 ) and [ rehab ] ( https://www.baltictimes.com/lithuania_to_provide_rehabilitation_for_injured_ukrainian_soldiers/ ) to ukrainian soldiers . 
  i 'm too lazy to google for more , sorry . 
  we 're incapable of doing more thanks to putting ourselves in this situation . 
  like with migrants . 
  our own laws prevent us from doing anything meaningful . 
  although we have technical capabilities . 
  but we 're stuck . 
  as i said in another comment , there 's ( some ) hardware and manpower but there 's no political will . 
  sucks to see how eu is destroying itself and doing nothing to truly be a global power . 
  while trying to laugh at trump for what is actually going on in eu . 
  funny thing is , ee states were the ones that pushed for pro-ukraine/georgia response . 
  poland and lithuania supported ukraine from day 1 and still provides a lot of support , including military . 
  i 'm sure `` has-been '' powers have more capability than pl or lt. . . or at least the same  eu frequently published a common position on certain cases . 
  let it be infamous georgia 's war report or various papers on ukraine . 
  eu-wide sanctions on russia counts as `` eu foreign policy '' as well in my books . 
  eu invades russia -  boom , ww3 . 
  the only problem with georgia taking the bait is it gives an excuse for people to white wash russia . 
  but russia has done enough shitty actions no white washing will help them . 
  aside from those who have skin in the game , of course . 
  in both cases , different eu response could have prevented outcomes we see now . 
  . . while russian forces where already on southern side of the tunnel . 
  that was a great manoeuvre by russians so they can claim moral high now . 
  it 's like classical school fight . 
  bully threatens a nerd day after day after day . 
  one day nerd hits first and is suddenly the offender in bully 's eyes  are you implying that russia/south ossetia rightfully enlarge their clay now ? 
  given how most eu countries do n't maintain their own armies , nato is becoming what you described . 
  what eu needs more than military is will to back it up . 
  there 're capabilities already , but no will to use them . 
  eu army would n't magically give will . 
  but make single members less capable to attack if they 'd wish to . 
  i do n't mean `` invited '' directly by asking to come . 
  but enough things were said that was easy to read in this way . 
  the whole `` we can do this '' and `` refugees welcome '' campaign . 
  all of this applies if it was eu navy . 
  op said european navy could solve this . 
  my point was that italy navy today can do as much as european navy tomorrow . 
  what would be different if it was european navy instead of italian navy ? 
  yeah . . merkel really did n't ever say questionable things that many people took as invite ... and there were no migrants saying on record they think merkel invited them . 
  why is n't italian navy doing exactly that ? 
  nope , we 've flat vat . 
  we do have the usual additional taxes for alcohol/tobacco/gas / etc. 
  i 'm not sure about vat in germany , but it looks like in most countries only food gets vat exemptions . 
  if vat would be raised in exchange of corporate tax , we 'd need much more exemptions . 
  basic clothes , housing , transport , kids goods ... that 'd be a huuuge can of worms . 
  i agree that too easy to avoid taxes shall be either much lower or do n't exist at all . 
  but i 'm not so sure about increasing vat . 
  unless vat would have several tiers for different products . 
  like lower vat for essential food etc. 
  otherwise it would n't go down well with most of the public . 
  and i 'd be sceptic if that 'd would benefit society as a whole . 
  yes , franchising . 
  but not as franchise-available-to-anyone , but internal franchising . 
  i 'm not a lawyer and do n't know from how is that different from subsidiary company and which scheme kaufland bg might be using . 
  but `` selling '' trademark franchise internally seem to be a popular scheme to transfer profits to lower tax territories . 
  i remember reading that 's what ikea do . 
  and vp market do ( or used to do ) the same . 
  they theoretically already do that . 
  but they rent the original trademark from the parent company . 
  which is accidentally equal to their pre-trademark-fee profit ... by the way , this is not necessarily a west/east divide and western import vs homegrown companies . 
  for example , our homegrown grocery chain vp market aka maxima aka tmarket . 
  their root holding relocated to netherlands a while ago do n't pay much taxes in lithuania anymore . 
  at least few of their founders relocated to tax heavens as well . 
  one of the biggest local-grown construction companies is now residing in estonia purely for tax reasons . 
  so much for local vs western companies . . 
  what does it have to do with pagan swastika ? 
  those dudes wore tricolor as far as i know . 
  i would n't be surprised if they wore vytis as well . 
  but they did n't wear baltic pagan swastika or were related with neo-paganism of the time . 
  by your logic , tri-color ( and possibly vytis ) should be banned . 
  yet baltic swastika is alright . 
  history of what ? 
  baltic pagans killing jews ? 
  when grand duchy of lithuania was one of the most jewish-friendly states at the time ? 
  i totally support ban of nazi and soviet symbols . 
  but i 've nothing against hammer or sickle or 5-pointed star per se . 
  if you want to rock a hammer and sickle as a sign for your agriculture company - go ahead . 
  in addition to that , we should remember that it 's important what the symbol stands for , not the symbol itself . 
  no symbol is inherently good or bad . 
  we should evaluate any symbol in given context and do n't take it at face value .
