  including the raise of prussia . 
  i 'm on the side that ww1 was set to happen and it was question of when rather than if . 
  i 'm not saying that the germans in the us were militaristic . 
  i 'm saying that diasporas is touchy topic during war . 
  cultural relations make them much easier for propaganda from the mothercountry . 
  it 's stupid to generalise either that whole diaspora wo n't be affected by mother country or that whole diaspora will be affected . 
  but it 's definitely a risk factor . 
  it 's super easy to notice in recent russia 's affairs for example . 
  so it 's natural that a country being at war with the mother country will pay extra attention to it 's diaspora . 
  btw , prussian militarism is not 20th century thing . 
  it was going full force in 19th century . 
  arguably it goes all the way to the roots of germanic prussia at it was founded by knights order . 
  prussian military culture was not exactly innocent . 
  neither were few other european cultures that were pretty happy to get ww1 rolling . 
  overall , cultures do n't exist in a vacuum . 
  the culture influences politics and vice versa . 
  yeah , culture and sports is never associated with politics . 
  said no putin ever . 
  lithuanian there . 
  according to official statistics , 2.5 % of deaths in 2012 were directly attributed to alcohol . 
  could n't find statistics of death indirectly caused by alcohol : /, 
  tinder is kinda practical too , is n't it ? 
  `` looking for a modest blonde to fuck in all imaginable ways '' . 
  i agree the one on the right looks ok in this pic . 
  but it 's not exactly my taste . 
  maybe it 's just exoticness factor and i see too many blondes around . 
  the 1st on the left look silly in the pic but i 'd be willing to bet it 's just the pic :|, 
  none of them are anything special for my taste . 
  actually , 1st from left is the only somewhat hittable from the whole set . 
  but 3rd from left ... 
  even op 's mom is better :|, 
  i 've some scans of dating section of newspapers at that time . 
  as good as / r/tinder . 
   first and third dude wtf ?!? 
  blink if . .  from the right whew ... 
  same in lithuania . 
  i kinda miss the green passport though . 
  red is just too boring :(, 
  it 'd be interesting if people voted based on programs . 
  currently it looks like both parties and voters know programs hardly mean anything and vote ( for or against ) based on myriad of other reasons . 
  did party programs were ever taken seriously ? 
  i have n't seen that yet . 
  i mean not one or two main slogans which seem to somewhat set the theme . 
  but the whole book . 
  eu is already doing that . 
  further integration would n't give more incentive . 
  financial incentive is already there . 
  unitary states do have more emotional incentive to develop their rural areas . 
  but even if eu became a unitary state tomorrow , emotionally states would keep existing for centuries . 
  ffs , scotland and england are together since forever and they still are not unified on emotional level . 
   personally i am all for an no growth economy , combine that with no interests on money in the bank and i 'm happy same here . 
  i do n't believe in full automation and ubi in foreseeable future . 
  and if it happened , i think it 'd be much much worse than what we have now . 
  we 'd be pretty much back to old good feodalism . 
   90 % peasants and few riches . 
  i 'd prefer working towards stable economy , dropping gdp growth and measuring happiness instead . 
   that wo n't happen though because lower real estate prices , no growth and no interest for your savings wo n't be beneficial for the rich permanent growth is not a thing either . 
  the sustainable , repairable and long term stuff seem to be getting trendy . 
  i hope we can ride off this way and make an u-turn there . 
  yet shrinking population would lower real estate prices which are getting absurd . 
  the only who would have to get frugal are pensioners who used to live rich for decades after retirement . 
  but all ponzi schemes are set to crash sooner or later . 
  how would that change anything ? 
  if eu was a single state , why would it have to pour money into underdeveloped areas ? 
  i kinda agree about similar cultures . 
  but i 'm not sure it will work with certain cultures . 
  so if we want to avoid our own conflicts , we should make sure there 're ongoing ethnic conflicts ? 
  kinda makes sense , import a new boogeyman to keep people busy . 
  either way , my original point was that open borders is what gives opportunity for ethnic tension ( and thus possibly genocide ) to arise . 
  not the closed borders and/or strict immigration control as some people say these days . 
  well , ethnic diversity is the cause of shit ton conflicts over the history . 
  it 's funny how europe got much more stable once states got quite homogeneous . 
  some naturally , some thanks to ( post ) ww2 ethnic . . consolidation . 
  well , aside balkans , which were even more fucked up during yugo era . 
  but it 's too boring for some people and europe is getting ` diverse ' again . 
  wonder if history will repeat itself in this case as it did many times before . 
  . . while open borders is exactly what some hitler would want . 
  import a bunch of people . 
  then execute all of them . 
  meanwhile , closed borders and strict migration prevent forming alternate societies . 
  thus removing risk of possible hitler/genocide . 
  are n't you guys talking about the same thing ? 
  / u/malon1 was saying that it 's easy to become ( yourself , not be manipulated into ) right-wing while studying history . 
  my problem is that it 's possible to call virtually anyone a populist . 
  it 's mostly used , at least in english-speaking media , to define anyone who progressives do n't like . 
  which kinda twists the meaning of it . 
  i 'd prefer to call people specific names rather than catch-all phrases . 
  in my country , `` populist '' is mostly used for center-left or socialdemocrats which are most progressive-like we got . 
  technically it could apply to conservatives and even liberals ( which are center-right over there ) , but it does n't seem to stick to them so far . 
  more like 99.999999999999 % of time . 
  and there 's a shit ton of false positives . 
  if we 'd give a wee leeway on `` virtuous '' and `` homogeneous '' bit , this would apply to virtually all politicians . 
  for example , in us clinton and sanders would count as populists too . 
  clinton platform was unify all non-whites-working-class-etc and claim that the opponents are out to get them . 
  sanders is even more straightforward case . 
  i did n't look enough into other candidates , but i would n't be surprised if they had similar platforms . 
  yep . 
  that 's the thing . 
  it does n't do what it 's supposed to do . 
  but it 's super easy to abuse it .
