   you have a good reasoning for it , which is something i hardly ever get from people on here , anytime the discussion comes , especially from poles or hungarians as i have said ( especially the former ) some people are just assholes , i wo n't deny that . 
  but overall i think it 's just both sides being entrenched and not listening to each other :( ee and we are quite different on many scopes , but neither people seem to pay enough attention to that . 
   i agree but your policies do n't look like either . 
  well ... 
  if you look at bare population numbers - yes . 
  but kindergartens in big cities are booked way in advance , births number is getting up . 
  economy is doing alright . 
  a big portion of our emigrants was local low-life scum . 
  thus crime is at historical lows . 
  especially small petty street crime and vandalism . 
  hopefully the coming government will be better than current one and will clean up corruption and other issues in gov-owned sectors . 
   technically , immigrants , most of which are non skilled would be perfect because they are willing to do jobs lithuanians , italians , ecc . 
  are n't willing to . 
  that 's the thing . 
  there 're no such jobs there . 
  farming is rather automated . 
  there 're not much huge factories . 
  only non/low skilled openings are positions that offer very low wage . 
  but absence of people who take them push the wage up . 
  actually , this is reason why some people do n't want migrants ( of neither culture ) . 
  we know what we did to uk . 
  we want to have our wages raised before letting in some people who are willing to work for shitty pay . 
  shitty as in $ 300/mo for full time . 
  other openings are for skilled people . 
  like it developers or laser engineers . 
  or require specific local knowledge , like teachers . 
  aside from traveling , i 'm not that much familiar with v4 . 
  but it feels like overall situation is similar . 
  usually those people are not fond of those who emigrate either . 
  common joke is we 'll take back our own emigrants to fill that quota . 
  pro-children policies and automation are seen as better solutions in the long run . 
  short term , migrants would n't help us anyway . 
  over there , we mostly got 2 kind of jobs . 
  service jobs which require speaking local language and pay is shitty . 
  hi-tech stuff , which is already hiring from wherever and from what i hear non-eu people are easily given job permits . 
  asians too . 
  actually , that 's our own emigration cause - no well paying positions for non-skilled . 
  so non-skilled migrants not speaking local language are pretty much fucked . 
  why do we need them if we do n't have openings for them ? 
  keep on crappy welfare ? 
  that welfare is better spent on young families to keep them from emigrating . 
  in addition to that , major cities are still booming and undergoing a housing crisis . 
  not as big as london or stockholm , but real estate is truly expensive . 
  sending migrants to bumfuck-nowhere would n't really work . 
  there 're no jobs for them . 
  they would n't be happy about that either . 
  putting them in big cities would cost a lot and increase prices for the locals . 
  which would n't make people happy either . 
  although migrants were n't discussed during election , housing price was one of the most popular issues . 
  they 're not the only parties over there holding such position afaik ? 
  we 're going through parliament election in lithuania at the moment . 
  all 3 major parties are more or less against immigration . 
  only 4th party somewhat supports it . 
  although they 're not vocal about it . 
  to be fair , migrants topic is not on the table at all . 
  pretty much default is the `` we do n't want them , nor they want us '' . 
  it 's so ingrained across all parties , that none of the major parties tried to build their platform on it . 
  in ee , parties across the spectrum do n't support migrants stuff . 
  ftfy : alcohol is university, 
  ee does n't have that `` white guilt '' stigma we has . 
  people over there are not doing ( nor want to ) apartheid-level stuff . 
  sure , incidents happen , any country have their own nuts . 
  but in general , people just do n't go out of their way neither to accommodate , nor to offend migrants . 
  is it xenophobic to not give a fuck ( neither positively , nor negatively ) about someone who wants to move in ? 
  ee , seeing we 's experience , do n't expect the mena migrants to assimilate properly . 
  thus the political decisions . 
  by the way , the initial relocated migrants seem to back up the stereotypes in a sad way ... 
  belarusians sometimes are called `` bulba\u0161ai '' in lithuania . 
  + / - potato people . 
  eastern europe is well set , saying it 's not racist , but culturalist . 
  as in , ukrainians welcome . 
  but people from different cultures will have a hard time . 
  huh . 
  i thought the whole strange war / bombing thing enough as an experience . 
  funny you mentioned poland . 
  their ( as well as most of east 's ) eu vision is very similar to uk 's . 
  the v4 and baltics are sad about brexit mostly because we want similar eu as uk . 
  brexit weakens the anti-federalist camp quite a bit :( i hear netherlands have similar thoughts , but i do n't have much first hand experience about them . 
  freedom of thought is freedom think left for them i guess . 
  that bunch gets strangely similar to super religious folks . 
  i would totally agree with that if those guys were calling themselves communists . 
  ffs , communism might even work in ideal world ... 
  but stalin is pretty much the bad guy . 
  he is the communism taken to extremes . 
  in a very similar fashion like hitler . 
  i think it 's more about not experiencing the consequences directly . 
  the west suffered from hitler . 
  the east experienced both . 
  other parts of the world did n't experience neither . 
  and then they do n't see much evilness in supporting either of them . 
  are we talking people alive in ussr during ussr or in the west . 
  i heard quite a few leftists in the west were kinda fond of ussr . 
  they thought the bad stuff about ussr is just capistalist 's propaganda . 
  yeah . . 
  i 'd understand if they were total nuts society . 
  corbyn case kinda explains it :| partially offtopic ... over there , hitler is not accepted at similar-but-right-wing circles . 
  well , aside from joking occasional `` well he did good things too '' . 
  but someone calling himself nazi would be laughed at . 
  only total nuts , calling themselves nazis , would accept such a dude . 
  total nuts as in 5 guys in a basement sitting around hitler portrait on 4/20 .
