  i ca n't speak about other ee countries , but baltic states are far from ethnically homogeneous . 
  lithuania is most homogenous of the 3 , with 20 % non-lithuanians . 
  latvia and estonia have significantly more non-latvians/estonians . 
  far from homogeneous imo . . at least in baltic states , 50 years of communists trying to dissolve the nations brought a huge resent . 
  thus people are very picky about anything that might threaten the local culture . 
  let alone that we already have issues with migrants from ussr times . 
  i 'm not sure how much that applies to other ee states . 
  the v4 countries had much more leeway regarding their national identity . 
  from what i see , media in ee does speak about the anti-eu stuff etc. 
  including poland and hungary . 
  sure , it 's not 100 % of media against it . 
  but that 's natural i guess . 
  at least in lithuania , media is much more pro-migrants and pro-eu than the society . 
  judging by media , we should be on-par with germany . 
  there are very clear laws regarding immigration . 
  there 're quite a few immigrants in ee . 
  we got plenty of people from belarus , ukraine and russia coming in . 
  some people from turkey or india or whatever too . 
  people are more or less ok with that . 
  with or without nationalism , the illegal migrants would be seen as bad . 
  people breaking the law never look good . 
  well , unless media is very whitewashing the issue . 
  that may be me being xenophobic , but it looks like ee media was much more objective than we on the migrants issues . 
  fear -  aggression is natural human reaction towards uncontrollable situations . 
  when people see shit go down and that nothing is done , that 's what happens . 
  regardless if people are nationalistic or not . 
  nationalism is not required to be afraid of people breaking the law to come in unchecked and leech off social security . 
  sorry , but most people who are calling hu and pl govs xenophobic , used to insist that the migrants are refugees . 
  if you 're not one of those guys - that 's cool . 
  regarding xenophobic countries , that 's exactly what i said . 
  by that standard , only germany and sweden would n't be xenophobic . 
  many people think that mena immigrants would n't have future , because of their culture/religion . 
  that they would n't blend in and would stay as outcasts for generations . 
  it 's not the same as saying that their culture is bad . 
  by this standard , all countries but germany and sweden are xenophobic . 
  btw , did refugees are now officially immigrants ? 
  depends on the size of the country . 
  on the other hand , big countries tend to have strong regional identities . 
  which is more or less the same as small countries national identities . 
  it 's not exactly about being proud . 
  it 's more about preserving it and carrying it over to further generations . 
  one man 's weird is another man 's norm ... what do you think is weird ? 
  was eastern europe in early 90s very aggressive ? 
  the collapse of ussr was probably the most peaceful collapse of an empire ever . 
  and it was fuelled by nationalism alot . 
  it was truly a natural movement too . 
  it 's still quite alive over there too . 
  why could n't nationalism be a natural protest against multicultural empire like eu ? 
  sure ee pensions are shit . 
  but the pensioners per working person we have , the worse pensions are . 
  depends on when you start counting it as brain drain and what people are educated . 
  is low level engineering or office job a brain drain ? 
  it does require higher education , but it 's not rocket science either . 
  parenting seem quite different in we in ee or at least baltic states . 
  it looks like in we , family tends to look after their kids it 's 24/7/365 job . 
  over there , it 's perfectly normal to send off your kids for 2-3 months to grandparents . 
  or at least couple weeks here and there . 
  leaving teenage-ish kids alone for a couple days or even week is considered ok too . 
  it 's slowly changing to more we-like approach , but it 's very far from that . 
  and this is not related socio-economic status much . 
  so it 's not such a long stretch to leave your kids behind when emigrating . 
  leaving kids behind is popular due to many reasons . 
  costs is only a part of it . 
  some people think they go for couple years only , so they do n't want to pull their kids from school . 
  sometimes kids are half-through school , so they want to let them finish school in their native language . 
  sometimes people bounce around several foreign countries before settling and do n't want to drag their kids . 
  sending father off and leaving mother with kids at home is quite common too . 
  father sends money home , mom looks after kids and , possibly , takes unemployment . 
  next in the news , america to europe : your love of heating and insulated houses is stupid . 
  they usually do send money home . 
  but their parents/kids get payouts from the government too . 
  effectively other tax payers pay more and/or their relatives get less . 
  the `` necessity '' is quite a subjective thing . 
  on average , if people were willing to take as much risk and work as hard locally , they 'd be doing ok back at home . 
  some people do n't consider working in the next town , because 1 hour each way is too long . 
  but then they go to london and 1 hour in a tube is apparently ok . all in all , it 's definitely complicated . 
  i doubt it 's possible to calculate wether this is positive or negative to either side . 
  but imo this is sort of modern slavery . 
  ee is selling their people to we for sweet subsidies . 
  this is keeping both ee and we afloat at the moment . 
  but we should work on fixing our issues instead of masking them . 
  yes . 
  and later the younger person is supposed to contribute through taxes to his parents ' pension . 
  if the person leaves , that does n't happen . 
  other tax payers have to support more pensioners . 
  in addition to that , a significant portion of people leave their children behind while working in we . 
  so the person does n't contribute , but other tax payers support the emigrant 's parents and kids . 
  it 's super funny if such person blames his home country that it does n't care enough ( expensive ) care of his relatives ... 
  hey , they could give poland a break on social and inner politics issues `` because it is poland '', 
  not only . 
  many ee countries have bans for both nazi and soviet stuff . 
  most communism implementations are very close brothers of fascism . 
  the only difference between what is fascist and what is communist seems to be economy . 
  in fascism , oligarchy is a little bit more open . 
  how so ? 
  leader cult ? 
  state messing with enterprises ? 
  above-law rulers ? 
  most of them even have/had nationalistic tendencies . 
  yes , each dictatorship is different .
