  it was the empires ' war . 
  which is neither left nor right . 
  well , german empire may have been somewhat right-y . 
  but i would n't call russia , britain or austro-hungary `` right '' . 
  they were opposite of nation-states . 
  well , mao contributed kinda a lot to ensure the left is far ahead from the right in this count, 
  we already got quite a few incentives . 
  like 2-year ( m | p ) aternal leave , 100 % paid according to your recent salary . 
  medical care is ok too . 
  daycare is an issue , but it 's being addressed somewhat . 
  for example , they give $ 100/mo credit for private daycare if you do n't get a seat in public one . 
  which is about half of the full price . 
  parents get additional day off a month ( ? ), 
  and some small tax breaks . 
  the only outstanding issue is real estate . 
  spacious apartments/houses are fuckin expensive . 
  some help to get a mortgage for families would be super nice . 
  that may lead to housing bubble though :(, 
  in the wiki , i was under impression that they did n't wear ss uniforms at first . 
  but later on , they were merged into ss structure . 
  after that , they possibly got the supplies ? 
  if not , my mistake . 
  for that checklist who put on ss division and who did n't . . serbia was not a country before/during ww2 . 
  croats did have their ss division , i guess that counts as yugoslavia being involved in ss . 
  under the same terms , galicia would probably count as polish too . 
  my guess is , they probably took states during interwar and crossed out those , in whose territory a local ss division appeared . 
  poles may have done less shit in numbers during ww2 . 
  but you guys were sleazy bastards before ww2 ( ukrainians and belarusians would agree with lithuanians i guess . ), 
  as well as after ww2 ( germans would probably support that ) . 
  czechs would probably remind you the teshyn/cieshyn thing . 
  that makes us equal i guess in the long run i guess . 
   that later merged into ss this is the difference it 's your problem if you ca n't accept that poles are n't saint who did n't do bad . 
  there was quite a few accounts of poles hiding jews till their money run out , then ratting them out to germans . 
  that 's quite probable , given how poland had jewish pogroms and it was n't exactly a jews-loving country . 
  serbians did have nazi-aligned forces that later merged into ss https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbian_volunteer_corps_ ( world_war_ii ) . 
  looks like czechoslovakia did n't have it 's own division , but they were welcome to join other ss divisions . 
  for poland , i guess someone may have counted ss-galicia as polish . 
  anyhow , my point was that there 're no nations without wrongdoing . 
  all of them did good deeds too . 
  looks like you want to do some kind of dick measurement which country was worse or better . 
  imo it 's pointless . 
  i never said no lithuanian did anything bad . 
  i specifically said that people did lots of shit throughout ee . 
  be it lithuanians , poles , ukrainians or whatever . 
  or do you want me to start telling how many poles literally sold jews to nazis ? 
  by the way , lithuanian troops is not correct . 
  lithuanians as in ethnicity - yes . 
  lithuanian troops as in belonging to lithuanian army - no , because there was no lithuanian army since 1940 . 
  troops is not correct too , because those nazi-aligned organisations were somewhere between volunteer paramilitary and volunteer police . 
  many of the people who did actual shooting were n't even in those organisations . 
  sometimes nazis would just take a bunch of people , drive them to the forest and tell them to shoot the people in front of them or they themselves will be shot . 
  the only formation that was more like `` lithuanian troops '' was lietuvos rinktin\u0117 . 
  but it was disbanded specifically for refusing to join ss structure and any tasks related to shooting civilians . 
  it never participated in any shootings of civilians . 
  nor in military actions , because it was disbanded very soon . 
  by the way , if you want to talk about good things , lithuania was the only nazi-occupied country that never formed a ss battalion . 
  looks like google translate got you . 
  \u0160aulys = shooter in lithuanian . 
  any kind of shooter in any circumstances . 
  there 's even horoscope \u0160aulys = sagittarius . 
  then there 's \u0160auliai organisation which i was talking about . 
  \u0160aulys is a very generic word . 
  i 've read many memories and i know they were n't talking about \u0160auliai as in organisation . 
  each of this were different organizations , with different level of association with nazis and different involvement with nazis . 
  none of them had any ties to \u0160auliai organisation though . 
  aside from some overlapping members . 
  are you talking about \u0160auliai ? 
  it 's pretty much a volunteer militia , like scouts for adults . 
  people from it were the core of post-ww2 resistance movement that went well into 50s . 
  they as organisation did n't participate in mass killings . 
  otherwise they would n't exist today , with the same title and everything . 
  by the way , it was founded as purely educational , way before ww2 . 
  it was banned during the 1st soviet occupation . 
  some people who were in that organisation did join nazi-aligned formations later . 
  which is sad . 
  paneriai was nazi-run event . 
  they did hire some lithuanians but that 's about it . 
  no need to . 
  i 'm not saying that lithuanians did n't do any shit . 
  i 'd say both poles and lithuanians were on-par during wwii . 
  both in good and bad deeds . 
  in times like those , virtually everybody committed some shit . 
  but people tend to downsize bad things done by their side and upsize bad things done by their enemies . 
  westerners do n't even know , or downplay , tokyo firebombings or dresden bombings . 
  and many westerners think nazis did n't do single good thing for anyone . 
  sure , it 'd be great if people could set facts straight without emotions and move on . 
  too bad that 's not how humans operate . 
  i know you 're glorifying only the ones who did the good deeds . 
  i gave it as counter example how your heroes are the bad guys to someone else . 
  how high command should it be ? 
  regional officers ? 
  once it becomes a pattern , it definitely adds a detail to the picture . 
  i 'm not saying that ak is as bad as nazis or soviets . 
  but it 's far from saint , that some people try to make it . 
  some ukrainian could probably give you more example , but a quick google gave me this - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paw\u0142okoma_massacre, 
  and was ethnically cleansing lands that poland had occupied between ww1 and ww2 . 
  i guess ak did good stuff in poland-proper , given how you guys like it . 
  but in nowadays lithuania , they did n't do shit against nazis and soviet . 
  ostra brama failed spectacularly . 
  there was this famous village massacre , where nazi-aligned lithuanian police and ak went back and forth , shooting poles and lithuanians respectively .
