   no , but they do have a right to apply for asylum . 
  that 's what i said  to my knowledge , you 're not . 
  operation mare nostrum have been cancelled . 
  good . 
  if it 's not just pr , let 's way for reports how many migrants have drowned  as i have explained to you , without processing them , you ca n't . 
  doing otherwise would either violate their rights to asylum , or their right to due process . 
  we could declare that people are not eligible this way . 
  and that anybody will be sent back . 
  fuck the law , because eu is one of major global lawmakers . 
  most people coming this way are not eligible anyway . 
  on the other hand , this is exactly the eu-turkey deal . 
  we just send anybody back . 
  no processing . 
  if you came this way - fuck you . 
  furthermore , if we 'd enforce the `` 1st safe country '' bit , only libians would be eligible . 
  anyhow , if there would be political will to solve this , there 're myriad ways to deal with this . 
  the core question is do we want those people coming in or not . 
  there 're much better ways to solve their problems than shipping them over there . 
    many of those people do n't even apply for due process . 
   what does this have to do with anything ? 
  a state 's obligation to protect a person 's right is not conditional on that person 's desire to act on that right . 
  the state does n't have any obligations to random persons . 
  aside from letting in people in distress who apply for asylum . 
  in most countries , you have to show a valid permit ( visa , passport granting visa-less access etc ) on entry . 
  or fill in asylum request on the spot , then the person is detained and sent to asylum processing centre . 
  there 's no global passthrough right to go anywhere wherever you wish . 
   if i understand correctly , according to [ this [ 1 ] ] , vessels are obligated to rescue vessels in distress by maritime law . 
  the paragraph they quote does n't mention territory : i looked up maritime law before . 
  it was written in blood and i respect it . 
  what sucks is eu border patrol is on purpose on the route of refugees . 
  as far as in libya 's territorial waters . 
  migrants know that and it only increases their numbers . 
  imo the current situation is neither healthy , nor sustainable . 
  we ca n't keep ferrying them in forever . 
  to break out of this circle , we can either stop ferrying ( which , i admit , will cost lives ) or start sending them back . 
  if migrants wo n't be able to pass through , their numbers will decrease greatly . 
   right to due process ? 
  many of those people do n't even apply for due process . 
  many of them try to go to north and applying for due process in the south would deny that . 
   they are in territorial waters , not `` far away '' . 
  do you even read what i write ? 
  i specifically said we should stop picking up people outside of territorial waters . 
  remember that high profile case when migrants were picked up in libya 's territorial waters ? 
  let 's not do that . 
  thats ' what i said originally . 
  we can make b legal if there was political will to do so . 
  law is not set in stone . 
  and current law is not sustainable . 
  b does n't break any human rights either imo . 
  it 's not a human right to conduct illegal activity and be helped in doing so . 
  also , expulsion of migrants how were already on the soil is a different matter than dealing those who are far away yet . 
  exceptions tend to happen . 
  i 'm sure not everybody is being ferried over even today . 
  i 'm talking about general tendencies . 
   i think the idea is that whether to send someone back or not is outside of border police jurisdiction . 
  they need access to legal advice , etc. 
  border police is exactly for that - policing border . 
  borders can be crossed at designated crossing points only . 
  the rest is sealed . 
  if person wants to legally cross border or ask for asylum - they have to go to designated crossing point . 
  either way , originally i was talking about libia < -  italy situation . 
  and that we should n't pick up people out in international ( or even libia 's ) waters and carry them other . 
  this just increases the migrants traffic , because they expect border control to pick them up . 
  if we want to truly reduce the numbers there ( including deaths toll ) , we have 3 options . 
  a - stop picking up people till italy 's waters . 
  some people will drown , others will think again knowing there 's a huge risk . 
  b - still pick up people , but send them back to africa . 
  migrants numbers will drop , because they will know they wo n't get to europe this way . 
  c - pick whoever wants to come in libya and bring them in . 
  i wonder how many millions would line up ... 
   at the greek-turkish land border that 's the main bit . 
  people are not endangered if they 're refused at land border . 
  they 're not left out at open waters . 
  if someone crosses borders illegally , countries there sending them back for ages . 
  in most cases , people are given a choice to ask for asylum or be sent back . 
  valid refugees choose former . 
  those who want to go to rich countries , choose to go back and try again . 
   eleven push-back incidents were reported to have occurred at the greek-turkish land and sea borders between november 2014 and the end of august 2015 it seems to intend that greeks push people back at sea too . 
  but it probably stopped at some point , because during the peak of the crisis , i do n't remember any reports of this happening . 
  if greeks were successfully sending people back , the crisis would n't have emerged . 
  your examples are not comparable at all . 
  bulgaria , at their land border , just asks to fill for asylum on the spot and do n't allow to pass through . 
  migrants do n't want to stay there and economical ones are quickly rejected . 
  melila has land border . 
  i think they do similar thing as spain . 
  although economical ones are rejected super fast . 
  the rest are prevented from going to spain-proper too i think ? 
  greece does ferrying too . 
  but there 's the exchange agreement with turkey . 
  without it , dropping people back off did n't happen . 
   there are almost no church marriages in estonia , so there 's that . 
  nice . 
  i wonder if they do n't do fancy ceremonies at all , or do fancy civil stuff instead . 
  over there , church ceremonies got rarer once fancy civil ceremonies in castles/nature/etc were allowed . 
   how is lithuania so atheist ? 
  even latvia is n't that much . 
  it 'd be interesting to compare non-religious level across the 3 . 
  over there , very few people younger than 50-ish go to church . 
  church marriages are still kinda popular , because they look nice . 
  but in every day stuff ...
