  as well as their interpretation and use of nationalism . 
  nazis , ussr and north korea are all utilising nationalism to some extent . 
  all of them are ( or were at some point ) somewhat fascisty . 
  as well as using some kind of nationalistic platform . 
  if you look deep enough , any dictatorship can be called fascist or nationalist . 
  most , if not all , modern states could be called nationalist . 
  hell , i 'd even argue that many modern democratic states have some fascist elements . 
  you just got ta look deep enough . 
  my point is , all these - isms are common elements of modern states . 
  each state is woven of them . 
  some rely mostly on some element , some have equal amount of all of them . 
  none of those elements are required to move to upgrade . 
  they just exist next to each other . 
  there 's some correlation , but it ' not causation . 
  any kind of non-democratic regime tends to select one ethnic group and promote it . 
  on the other hand , we could say that any non-democratic regime is more or less fascist . 
  and that nationalism is one of the main elements of modern states . 
  wether they 're democratic or not . 
  up to you . 
  only a fascist would tell you what to think . 
  nationalism is not required for fascism . 
  imperialism , violence , lawlessness and close state-business ties is enough . 
  til about the tallinn evacuation . 
  looks quite an interesting event . 
  do you have any good readings/videos on that ? 
  preferably in english . 
  indeed . 
  but somehow some people love to use `` there was no true socialism '' and then bash how capitalism is bad  while it applies equally to both . 
  either we accept that so-so implementation is the thing or we do n't use labels at all . 
  unless they match 100 % . 
  witch never happens . 
  i get it . 
  i 'm not saying that you should read all the articles . 
  just saying that reading only skewed titles may distort your gut feel . 
  reading just headlines is worse than not following news at all . 
  many articles have grey-wrong titles that are either clickbaity or even push certain agenda . 
  the articles themselves do correct the titles , so technically they turn out ok-ish . 
  but just reading the headlines give a very skewed perspective . 
  and ... ? 
  that does n't stop them from price-shaming everyone . 
  especially if they did it under a cover . 
  also , from what i read , lidl itself never said anything . 
  some guy who knows some guy who might be supplying to them some stuff said so . 
  fun fact . 
  there 's a borderline-conspiracy theory , that lidl is behind all this cauliflower thing . 
  they 're opening other there in the coming weeks . 
  nowadays . 
  people probably did n't have functioning brain 200 years ago . 
  even today , there seem to be a lot of people whose brain do n't work . 
  i did n't even mention communism in my post, 
  ussr was built on defending the vulnerables from the tyranny of the majority too . 
  and the whole state was working very hard to ensure that `` common man '' was safe from any kind of tyranny . 
  agreed on the government protection and overall trust . 
  from there , the west 's trust in government look weird borderline funny . 
  the soviet state was pushing a lot of bullshit and people got immunity from that . 
  thus both good and bad ideas are rejected first , then maaaaybe accepted . 
  in the west , it seems the other way . 
  that 's why totally opposite stuff seems weird when we look at each other . 
  as i said , i was commenting on the tone , not on the content  in general , imo everybody is entitled to their own beliefs as long as they do n't cause harm ( `` safe-zone '' bullshit does n't count as harm ) to others . 
  `` learn to love it '' overstepping the boundaries . 
  ensuring bureaucracy equality is great . 
  but that 's where it should end . 
  unless there 's a strong majority support , of course . 
  that 's why i added that do n't want to sound like offensive to either the poster or the subject . 
  my comment was purely on the tone of the post  your last sentence looks like taken directly from some ussr poster  again , this is not offensive . 
  just saying that all kinds of movements/regimes/etc use identical wording . 
  the only difference is how ideas they 're pushing are perceived . 
  environmentalism is definitely a cult . 
  the only difference is smog vs. smug  i was reading your original post and it struck me how people push very different ideas using the same methods . 
  even same sentence structures . 
  it 's funny how people pretend different political/societal/cultural ideas are very different , but most of the underlying stuff is identical . 
  that 's my the thing . 
  any kind of propaganda is inherently similar . 
  brainwashing vector changes from time to time , but the rest stays the same . 
  there 're people who want to brainwash other people all the time . 
  wether that 's positive or not , it depends on the subject and person 's point of view . 
  and who decides what 's wrong . . ? 
  things were decided to be wrong 50 years ago are now smart . 
  and vice versa . 
  who knows what will be wrong after another 50 years . 
  as you said , usually this label is used to what someone see as wrong . 
  positive , in someone 's eyes , propaganda becomes education  but technically any kind of promotion is propaganda . 
  do n't take this as offensive to you or gays or whatever , but your post has a very weird vibe . 
  replace gay/sexuality to bourgeois/communists/jews / etc and reminds old times propaganda a lot . 
  europe uber alles, 
  yep , it 's better to not ever have soviets , not even once . 
  first of all , i did n't say wether were was a chance or not . 
  it 'd had been the best outcome if both shitlords had been crushed . 
  wether that was possible or not is a different topic . 
  the consensus is that us could have crashed japan without the a-bomb . 
  but that would have meant lots of american casualties . 
  and significantly more japanese casualties . 
  soviets would have advanced more too , so split of the country would be more likely . 
  and the reason # 1 was dick-measuring contest with the soviets . 
  and do n't forget that fire bombings caused more casualties than a-bombs . 
  it 's not like a-bomb was break-it-or-make-it excuse for us in pacific theatre . 
  us would have had much more support from locals in european theatre than in vietnam and korea . 
  france , italy and maybe other western countries had significant support for soviets , but they did n't dislike americans either . 
  eastern europe would have had massive support for americans . 
  in fact , there was active military insurgency in baltics and ukraine well into 50s .
