  well , europe can either be a fair lady who only deals with people who she likes or do business . 
  doing business would surely help europe 's well being . 
  if europe wants to be one of global powers , what 's more or less necessary . 
  unless europe wants to be a `` special '' super power ... talking about those countries , if all shitty countries will do business only between themselves , they 'll keep this mentality forever . 
  but europe could deal with them and , hopefully , those other countries will pick up european way of doing things . 
  with current russia 's and china 's development , i think this is much more possible than all-or-nothing . 
  the problem is not if country is autocratic or not . 
  if the society does n't value stability , democracy and western-ish lifestyle , it will have hard time with democracy as well as autocratism . 
  how many times democracy was being installed throughout africa ? 
  did n't succeed much . 
  as long as there 's no strong educated middle class , democracy ca n't survive . 
  on the other hand , autocratic regimes do n't help much to grow it . 
  chicken and egg problem :(, 
  huh ? 
  then those countries just turn to china . 
  which deal with them no strings attached . 
  that 's why europe is loosing influence in africa , while chine is expanding there big time . 
  do n't know about portugal much , but up there christmas and easter is quite paganish too . 
  beltaine seemed to be quite a big deal too . 
  at least in scotland . 
  they could finally solve that slovenia/slovakia thing . 
  recently ? 
  try  150 years ... 
  yep . 
  but baltic states was the target customer . 
  if poland was the target customer and the plant was build in between grodno , bialystok and druskininkai , there 'd be significantly less fuss over there . 
  the cheaper electricity argument is used a lot over there . 
  in fact , during the atomic referendum , the main anti-nuclear-plant argument was that our gov would steal too much , so let 's buy from russia or belarus or whatever . 
  if we 'd ignore the secondary benefits to local economy , that may make sense . 
  but the main worry is we do n't know what corners are going to be cut to make it cheap . 
  given how lukashenka operates , the possible outcomes are worrisome . 
   potential client that happens to be even closer to power plant location than baltics the plant is literally next to lithuania 's border . 
  latvia is closer to the plant than poland too . 
  in addition to that , belarus and poland do n't have strong links . 
  they 're not synchronised as well . 
  while the baltics already have the whole setup in place with belarus . 
  depends on how narrowly you want to define safety . 
  anyway , my point is that belarus is an all-out asshole who tries to force it 's way without paying attention to international agreements or just being a good neighbour . 
  if they do n't care to follow some minor treaty , who knows if they 'll care to follow safety procedures too . 
  if it 's not only nuclear treaty , it 's still about nuclear . 
  sure , any international law/convention/whatever is not mandatory . 
  but not being punished for breaking some treaty is not the same as building according to all treaties and whatever . 
  espoo includes nuclear plants as well as a long list of other facilities, 
  just looked it up . 
  espoo convention . 
  it requires `` consultations '' rather than permit . 
  but , as another guy in the thread mentioned , it 's official that belarus did n't fulfil espoo convention requirements for this project . 
  ca n't remember which treaty , but there was some additional closes for plants very close to the border . 
  that may be not a hard requirement , but rather a strong suggestion . 
  either way , acting like an asshole certainly does n't help with sensitive topics like this . 
  nice copy-pasta, 
  at least in lithuania , most of poor muslims image is based on emigrants ' adventures in we . 
  virtually every lithuanian is/was working abroad or closely knows someone who is/was working abroad . 
  the overall attitude towards muslim was much better in 90s and early 00s . 
  to be honest , i very rarely see the `` isis nuts '' stereotype in use . 
  and it 's mostly used by someone claiming someone else think so . 
  from what i see around , people understand that average muslim is not a hell-bent terrorist . 
  but people do n't want them over there either way . 
  we 're ok that our society is homogenous-y and we do n't see any need to bring in someone else for the sake of diversity . 
  let alone that we have more than enough issues in our societies to fix . 
  personally , i want to make our society better in a certain way . 
  more calm , logical , educated , less religious , more unified regarding socio-economical status . 
  imo bringing in average muslims would n't improve us towards this goal . 
  furthermore , it 'd just make it harder to achieve . 
  sure , there 're always exceptions . 
  that 's why there 's a clear legal path to immigrate . 
  just to make it clear , i 'm not saying that average muslim culture is worse in any way . 
  i 'm just saying that i do n't see why i should want that culture on my doorstep . 
  it 's about fucking time . 
  just 5 years too late . 
  this is strangely coincident with lithuania 's effort to ban belarus from selling electricity to eu . 
  looks like we finally hit the weak nerve . 
  i 'm glad that some effort is going on to normalise this though ... 
  that 's what your gov is saying . 
  lithuanian government did n't sign off a permit . 
  a permit is required for a plant that close to a border . 
  we can talk all day how permit is political . 
  but either way - belarus is not following the rules . 
  maybe you 're forced to break the rules by lithuanian fascists . 
  but it 's still breaking the rules . 
  if the plant is that good , invite a lithuanian safety inspectors to be there 24/7 . 
  somehow that did n't fly by your gov from what i hear . 
  hosting a semi-secret ( but required by international law ) presentation in the neighbour country and not having a translator to local language was asshole level 99 . 
  sending official documents translated with google translate is just lame . 
  it 's small details like these that make this project look really bad from our side . 
  the problem is not rosatom . 
  the problem is this specific project . 
  - the plant site is weird . 
  it 's far from existing power network , far from industry sites and in a seismic location . 
  there was alternative sites in other parts of belarus that were much safer and cheaper to both build and run - the plant is going to be cooled by a major river . 
  if that river gets polluted , it will affect all 3 major lithuanian cities ,  2/3 of the population - belarus do n't follow any of the international treaties regarding the atom plants . 
  it * should * get a permit from lithuania , but it never went through the official procedures to get it . 
  - the official documents that belarus sends were translated using google translate - belarus do n't let in on-site safety inspectors from lithuania or other countries - belarus itself does n't need the capacity of the plant . 
  plant location is quite poor if they plan to sell to russia or ukraine . 
  baltic states seem to be the only viable clientele . 
  this is the part where some lithuanians start calling other lithuanians idiots for rejecting a new power plant . 
  if we were building our own , belarus probably would n't have started this one . 
  hope you 're trolling there . 
  the belarus plant is one huge clusterfuck . 
  that was enabled by our own ignorance :(,
