  yet , at any point of history , we have had ghettos and multiple cultures living next to each other , without any distance to communicate . 
  which did n't merge for centuries . 
  i 'd be really interested to hear how 1500s friesland was different from maastricht . 
  aside from being independent , since more or less independent cities and regions were very common back then . 
  is n't attacking over facts called a discussion ? 
  oh , i 've did plenty of reading before or after visiting or dealing with most of those countries and their people . 
  i 'm genuinely interested to hear how netherlands is formed of several different nations though . 
  and how they got over those differences . 
  and how tiny country is good example for whole continent . 
  nice argument buddy . 
  and there 'd be no less massive shitshow if everybody had to learn a new ( semi ) synthetic language . 
  latin is quite outdated and i suppose it 'd need a lot of newer terminology . 
  which could come either from english or the said trio ... 
  which would cause another shitshow . 
  in addition to that , there 's a reason why latin was eventually removed from church . 
  having `` elite '' language for dealing with upper levels does n't help the overall society . 
  why not use english then ? 
  at least many people already know it and use it in formal setting . 
  even today , many ( most ? ), 
  countries already publish their laws in native and english . 
  and it 'd make it easier to work with the rest of the world . 
  so you basically want imperialism ? 
  who cares about peace and wether citizens are actually happy about it . 
  all about growing some muscle to compete with the big boys , eh ? 
  meh , new world order would be even more efficient . 
  time to conquer the galaxy !, 
  on a more serious note , we 're cooperating just fine and imo diversity is what makes europe special . 
  trying to unify it under a single banner and make some common culture would just make it worse . 
  even with putting in serious effort , it 'd take a looong time . 
  and i 'm pretty sure a lot of people would n't be happy about it and , during transitional period ( a century ? ), 
  it 'd be less stable than currently . 
  national identities is not about grief for past mistakes . 
  we can live peacefully and be diverse at the same time . 
  while having very similar culture ( regional differences never go away , see us ) do n't prevent grief ( again , us ) . 
  but trying to erase national identities does cause grief in many cases . 
  having no grieves to your neighbours is about living peacefully and not stepping on each others ' toes . 
  installing common culture would be exactly that though . 
  history have plenty examples of that . 
  while acknowledging the differences and living with them is much more sustainable . 
  just like your examples shows . 
  why not let the situation develop on it 's own , not necessarily targeting single nation ? 
  looking how things go , english is lingua franca in business in huge parts of the world one way or another . 
  i doubt china is going to change while other bric countries seem to be ok with that . 
  unless your end-game is to make europe into a more unified nation while isolating it from the rest of the world ? 
  as different as spaniards from finns from englishmen from poles ? 
  when some languages do n't have literally anything in common , not even in the same language group ? 
  with very different historical background ? 
  i totally agree it 's doable in a long shot . 
  with possibilities to shorten the timespan by introducing unpopular policies . 
  but result is not certain and may cause a lot of resentments in case of failure . 
  imo risks are not worth the questionable reward . 
  i do n't see how my life would improve if europe would suddenly speak one language and share one culture . 
  let alone i do n't plan to change to adapt to someone 's ways nor want others to step out of their way to accommodate me . 
  i 'm kinda ok with this diversity thing there ... 
  some people seem to have a huge `` eu nation '' boner just because they want to play with the big boys and feel like their own nation is too small . 
  russia is a successful example of unified nation state ? 
  ask chechens about it . 
  china is doing great at integrating tibet . 
  uk have no issues with scotts or irishmen . 
  saying that netherlands was made of several different nations looks weird . 
  i must have missed some interesting developments there . 
  yeah , yugo is a great nation where all members appreciate each other and there 're no sectarian/cultural splits . 
  oh wait ... france and germany seem to be the only positive examples . 
  although they were how long in the making ? 
  even then , most , if not all , of those lands were inhabited by rather similar culturally people . 
  not unlike those unsuccessful examples ... 
   creating new nations out of smaller ones has been done before russia is nowhere near `` one country - one nation '' . 
  neither is china . 
  check out recent uprisings/conflicts/etc in either of them . 
  i 'm not talking just about tibet and chechens . 
  uk and spain are having 2nd thoughts on that for quite a while . 
  ireland , scotland , catalonia and basques would like to have a word with you . 
  neither was yugoslavia . 
  as well as most of op 's examples . . 
  my point being that examples are naive or just factually incorrect . 
  if eu would end up being like china or russia nation-homogenity-wise , it 'd suck balls big time . 
  my country was part of russian `` nation building '' for too many generations and i hope my kids wo n't have to go through similar experience once again . 
  i wonder wether you 're not aware how china and russia function and how they treat minorities or think that 's good role model for eu ? 
  wether indian state of internal affairs is alright ? 
  it 's ok to say that successful unification of diverse nations was n't done before and eu is going to try to be the first one . 
  but that certainly does n't sound as reassuring as saying it 's going to be easy based on historical examples , eh ? 
  russia is nowhere near homogenous and peaceful nation . 
  neither is china . 
  spain and uk are on the way to have spin-out nations . 
  india had quite a bit of sectarian issues , even after the massive split . 
  italy is quite homogenous if we 'd skip tirol . 
  netherlands is just too small and too homogenous to compare to eu . 
  france and germany would be the only somewhat positive example . 
  later had a long and rowdy history of unifications though . 
  or maybe because many languages/cultures do n't have different words for those and in their mind this is the same thing . 
  regardless of their english level . 
  is touching real guns so much more violent than playing indians/counter-strike/water war/whatever ? 
  nobody is giving them real ammo and a target . 
  they do have targets and possibly some kind of ammo in their game-battles though . . 
  playing games and being happy while running around backyard with a longbow or water gun you mean ? 
  or playing video games are definitely not pokemon . 
  fuck , even that 'd contain violence . . and the girl in pic is at least 16 , if not 20 ... 
  what 's horrible about knowing how to defend ? 
  there 's actually !, 
  it goes from the big castle to the northern side of the lake to a manor .
