  20 years ago , none of the `` poles '' spoke polish - only russian or po prostu , which is russian , lithuanian and belorussian mix . 
  then some people started pushing proper polish in polish schools . 
  now their kids speak po prostu at home and polish at school . 
  source : some of my relatives and friends are from this background . 
  i 'm born and living in the region as well . 
  there 're some lithuanians still living in suvalkai . 
  did n't hear about any belorussians . 
  also !, 
  immediately after ww1 poland signed a treaty that vilnius and suvalkai belongs to lithuania . 
  they occupied that all that territory soon . 
  but obviously there was some justification for that . 
  i see what you mean . 
  but some people do n't care to learn and some wo n't learn on principle . 
  i guess a tiny bit of poles would change their passports , so such clients would be very rare in most places . 
  even if everybody was forced to learn it , they would forget information they do n't use frequently . 
  and that would just create even more resentment . 
  many lithuanians already see poles as a kind of a sacred cows . 
  there was an idea to allow names with any latin diacritics to be printed in 2nd passport page . 
  so it would n't be legally binding , but it would be there for identity reasons . 
  virtually all parties supported it . 
  except poles . 
  poles were n't living in lithuania for ages . 
  suvalkai/suwalki was lithuanian ethnic territory for ages though . 
  vilnius was lithuanian ethnic territory , but over time a lot of lithuanian nobility got polonized . 
  non-nobility happened to go that way too . 
  there were very few ethnic poles in vilnius region till ww1 . 
  many of our joint writers/poets/nobility / etc of 19th and early 20th century were torn between being lithuanian and polish . 
  some decided they 're more lithuanian , some decided they 're lithuanian , but spoke polish anyway and some went full polish . 
  there 're a lot of memoirs regarding that . 
  read more books you too , 
  eu ruled that current practice is ok . also , there 's a big `` if '' if poles in vilnius region is a minority or just a community . 
  one thing is , pre-ww1 `` poles '' were lithuanians who decided it 's more cool to be polish than lithuanian . 
  then quite a few proper poles moved in after ww1 . 
  but after ww2 , all the poles were moved to poland proper . 
  nowadays `` poles '' speak russian and usually are descendants of ussr-times settlers from russia/belorussia/ukraine . 
  so technically poles qualify only as a community , which does n't get the signs , 
  aaaand what happened with ma\u017eeikiai ? 
  orlen bought the oil refinery , runs it and everybody is more or less happy about it . 
  am i missing anything ? 
  we were not so happy when russian government tried to seize it from yukos . 
  we kicked them out . 
  but then we gave it to orlen . 
  our actions to russians/yukos might be seen as histerical . 
  but that does n't touch poland at all . 
  you won in that situation after all . 
  just curious ... how would you feel if you 'd have your name written with the diacritics , but people reading it in government | bank | etc would n't know how to read it properly and keep mispronouncing your name ? 
  or would ask how to spell it ? 
  it started back in late 80s . 
  after a couple years of s\u0105j\u016bdis , communists realised that independence is going to happen . 
  weather they want it or not . 
  lithuanian communist party split into 2 - slightly pro-independence communists , which evolved into moderate left wing party over time and the other - hardline pro-ussr `` jedinstvo '' . 
  the later managed to get support in regions where were more ethnic non-lithuanians - mostly settlers during ussr times and some pre-ww2 population . 
  note that many interwar time proper poles left for poland immediately after ww2 . 
  jedinstvo were very active during 1990 and 1991 events . 
  some of them were sent to jail , some went to russia . 
  while some of them started a poles minority parted and got elected those regions , thanks to their pre-independence propaganda how nazi lithuanians are going to oppress non-lithuanians . 
  they tried to establish a separatist region , but they did n't have enough neither local , nor international support . 
  poland government at that time did n't support them much . 
  over time they evolved into the poles minority party and managed to keep the region under tight control . 
  when the same party controls those regions-inside out , including local press , schools , cultural events , non-elected local government for 20 + years . . 
  it 's really hard to distinguish wether people are just brainwashed or if they truly feel that way . 
  i myself come from this area . 
  although i moved into vilnius proper , some friends and relatives still live in the region under this party control . 
  a friend of mine once told that poles party delegates came over to his old neighbours and told them that if they 'd vote for a different party , `` lithuanian nationalists would win and would n't give poles any firewood '' . 
  the poor guys were heating their house with wood , so part of social support was given in firewood subsidies . 
  and this is not an isolated accident . 
  but nobody gives a damn , because if you touch that party - they immediately call racism , nazis and so on /, 
  i talked to some poland-lithuanians , born and living in suvalkai/suwalki region . 
  they said that city signs and ids are possible with non-polish characters . 
  but such city signs are frequently vandalised . 
  passport with non-polish characters holders are frequently looked down at by poles , both in government agencies and private businesses . 
  so many of them decided to use polish documents instead . 
  or just move to lithuania . 
  regarding w in lithuania , the main problem is not w. people do n't want to introduce other polish specific characters . 
  they do n't want to have to learn polish alphabet to spell and read documents with non-lithuanian characters correctly . 
  in addition to that , current `` poles '' minority , which is mostly ethnic belarusians , russians , and poles mixed together , keeps electing party that is very pro-russian . 
  the party is let 's say . . far from clear , both in terms in influence and corruption . 
  so many lithuanians just look down at whatever that party is talking about . 
  yep . 
  the place could be a paradise . 
  i 'm glad that some bits of it were assigned to poland and lithuania , so marienburg and nida has survived . 
  there 's a rumour that kaliningrad was offered to lithuania in 60s . 
  but lithuanian communists declined it , because accepting that have meant much more ethnic russians . 
  ukrainians did took crimea though . 
  if this rumour is true , i 'm glad the way it turned out . . 
  it 's very sad to see kaliningrad the way it is now though :(, 
  that depends a lot on culture/country/history context , but from what i found both right and left wing ` extremists ' have very similar mindset . 
  95 % of them might have easily ended up on the different of the spectrum . 
  all of them seem to think that their opinion is the only correct one and their opponents are dumbasses , thus their opinion is invalid without any considerations . 
  in addition to that , they always take whatever their peers say for granted . 
  basically they 're running big circlejerks . 
  and their social policies are very similar too . 
  both left and right have oppressors and sacreds . 
  and they want to get rid of oppressors in any way possible . 
  i 've been in a similar situation.you wo n't even notice how slowly their shit wo n't sound so weird and you 'll become a part of their circlejerk . 
  just go out on your own , go to new places and meet new people . 
  you 'll find people you 're more compatible with . 
  they may or may not call themselves leftists , but their ideas and pov would be much more similar to yours . 
  do n't go down the depression way or hang out with shitty people just because they 're available . 
  take care .
