  there 's just too much stuff that is `` no way '' for someone else . 
  federating would cause a lot of bad blood i think . 
  which may cause separatist movements a generation or two later . 
  i do n't why federation is worth it given all downsides . 
  it looks like some people have `` small country syndrome '' and want to do anything to be a part of a `` big country '' . 
  no matter what . 
  i agree federation , once implemented , would be more efficient . 
  then again , new-world-order style of government would be even more efficient  but life is not only about being economically efficient ? 
  maybe do n't assume too much next time ? 
  it was pretty clear of context what i meant . 
  even disregarding that , human rights , transparency of government and rule of law are not exclusive to eu . 
  is being against migrant quotas and whole that situation handling as well as ever-closer-union mean i 'm against human rights and transparency of government and rule of law ? 
  why should i ? 
  i like eu as it is . 
  or can i choose only between full-on-ever-closer-union and hating ? 
  trade union with common standards to keep markets in sync ? 
  with limited cooperation on foreign policy probably . 
  even if `` far left '' by your standards is n't in power , a lot of defacto policies today do smell like `` far left '' . 
  in my books , current management of migrants is totally left-borderline-far-left . 
  and what some people call `` far right '' is just right in my books . 
  at least it looks so from ee perspective . 
   far right wave has completely collapsed in europe yeah ... 
  yet a lot of people still support right wing parties and they keep a lot of presence in many countries . 
  we can talk about collapse of right wing in europe once v4 governments change . 
  and denmarks people 's party and swedish social democrats do n't get as much support . 
  and when austria does n't have as much support for right wing either . 
  we may be in for a treat with italy election as well . 
  more to the right ! = extremist right either . 
  got an objective measurement to define when a party/politician gets to far ? 
  totally agree on efta . 
  after brexit , a lot of politicians and reviewers were super sad . 
  mostly because it means loosing the core `` moderate eu '' supporter . 
  too bad i do n't remember if efta was discussed back in early '00 and if it was refused for a legitimate reason . . 
  the interesting thing is ee countries do believe in union no less , if not more , than we countries . 
  our idea of the union is a wee different though . 
  which is certainly not a good thing in the long run . 
  well , most of we parties are much more to the left than in ee . 
  your post is a good example . 
  a lot of mainstream parties in ee are for + / - closing borders . 
  for example , over there , 1 party somewhat supports current state of migration policies . 
  other are more or less against it . 
  no meaningful election coming up in the next 2 years mind you ... or do you think most of ee countries are ruled by `` extremist right wingers '' ? 
  a lot of pro-eu ` iness is because a lot of people think our local government suck and anything else would be better . 
  but once you start nitpicking small topics , same people would n't be as happy about it . 
  also there 's a lot of butthurt since ussr times and a lot of people would n't be comfortable with giving up too much sovereignty . 
  yet they 're + / - ok with current state of the union . 
  for example , most people trust usa over eu for defence . 
  we 's position on nordstream , ukraine etc feels like a theatre to appease ee . 
  most people do n't feel like we is treating as an integral part of eu rather than just a buffer between russia . 
  feeling like a remote province does n't help much to promote `` ever closer '' cooperation . 
  our currency was strictly pegged all the time since mid-90s . 
  first usd , then eur . 
  it was n't as big change as it would be for other countries that float their currencies . 
  as for multi-speed eu , yes , it 'd be interesting if we 'd be forced in due to euro or kicked out from euro or keep status quo . 
  i guess it 'd depend on how the multi-speed eu would be defined . 
  if it was by economic strength , we 'd be out for sure . 
  if it was by willingness to join federation . . 
  i can see some of our politicians pushing for it . 
  but there would be massive shitstorm against it as well . 
  most of the marketing campaign was run using eu funds and eu material . 
  or at least by people trained by eu . 
  yes , we want trading . 
  funds is nice sometimes . 
  although in some sectors they suck balls and it 'd be better to have no funds than the mess we got . 
  and yes , there 's no much interest in `` ever closer union '' . 
  a lot was and still is done to integrate from economical and infrastructure perspective . 
  but we 's perspective on integration on other topics suck . 
  it looks like it 's `` our way or gtfo '' and `` you took the money so stfu '' . 
  which is rather colonialism than equal union . 
  same here . 
  if `` ever closer union '' would get close to federation-ish level in foreseeable future and the public would notice that , there would be massive shitstorm . 
  suddenly all the loonies would n't sound that crazy and putinbots would be set for years . . : /, 
  as i said in another comment :  anything borderline federation or `` ever closer union '' was n't even considered back then . 
  at least over there , virtually all people back then saw eu as purely economic and somewhat defensive from russia ( via economic ties ) thing . 
  if we knew back then what we know now , i 'm sure many more people would have had cold feet . 
  not saying people would have voted against it , but opposition would certainly be much bigger . 
  even today , many people see eu as economic union and write off the rest as crazy things media is blowing out of proportion . 
  most of that was ( or was marketed as ) to ensure economical cooperation . 
  not for migrant quotas and stuff . 
  which ee country is happy with migrants and all other components of current eu package ? 
  note i said `` eastern europe '' , not `` eastern europeans '' . 
  sure some people may have expected this . 
  yet as far as i remember virtually all talking points were about economy . 
  anybody who said it was more than that was promptly shunned . 
  anything borderline federation or `` ever closer union '' was n't even considered back then . 
  somehow all of eastern europe missed that memo . 
  probably should n't have hidden it in fine print ... 
  and how is that related to what i said ? 
  well , far right ai n't in power either . 
  why so many people cry about raise of far right then ? 
  what shocks you so much ? 
  that far left is a twin brother of far right ? 
  that fascism is usually a mix of far left and far right ? 
  that sometimes it 's hard to tell which is far left and far right ? 
  and that current defacto migration policies are very far-left-leaning with borderline `` open borders '' attitude ? 
  current migration policies of some eu countries do look influenced by far left `` open borders '' attitude . 
  there 're myriad of ways to stop the migration crisis now or 2 years ago , but somehow they 're not pc enough ... 
  far left is the initial problem and far right is just natural reaction to it . 
  we can have balance by either having both fars or no fars at all . 
  otherwise fascism happens .
