  a huge problem today is taking a small bit of history , transplanting it to different context and presuming it stands true . 
  history and politics is fucking complicated : /, 
  nah , we got [ the gas cruise ship ] ( https://www.alternative-energies.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/the-arrival-of-the-ebu-ship-independence-in-the-port-of-klaipeda-lithuania.jpg ) now . 
  basically merging slave trade and gas chambers . 
  who could beat that ? 
  even russian media ai n't using those pictures crying about nazis revival in pribaltika . 
  just think about it . 
  if there was any logical connection , they 'd be all over it . 
  you have every right to feel offended and the rest of us have every right to not give a shit about what you find offending based entirely on your feels . 
  by your logic , tri-color and vytis would have to be off limits as well . 
  residual paganism in lithuania did exist well into 19th century . 
  there 're church letters discussing how people keep going to pagan holy sites on sundays after church . 
  romuva as pagan-sourced religion was established in interwar lithuania and did pretty well . 
  it was undercover as `` ethnography study club '' during soviet times and was re-established after regaining independence . 
  you must not walk outside that much then . 
  pagan swastika is not that uncommon sight out in the public . 
  how many people have you punched so far ? 
  i 'm sure authentic copy of pre-christian-times excavation has any relations to nazis or whatever . 
  or are you a die hard christian who is on a holy war against pagans ? 
  yes we are, 
  there 're exceptions even in eu mainland territories . 
  for example , lithuania got [ dieveni\u0161k\u0117s ] ( https://www.google.lt/maps/@54.2986475,25.4735989,12.04z ) appendix into belarus . 
  there 's a passport control on the main road leading there and carrying id is required at all times . 
  11 in lithuanian . 
  and even then it does n't rhyme well . 
  no shit we 're not exactly law-abiding people ... 
  what is your definition of diversity then ? 
  if there were 10 languages and now there 're 5 languages , diversity has certainly changed . 
  i 'll stick to different crowds theory ... 
  i 've never ever seen guys getting upset for being approached or hearing a joke . 
  let alone calling them names . 
  on the other hand , i 've been `` asked the time '' , just told what i was asked and immediately turned around to mind my own business too many times . 
  hopefully i did n't looked being harassed . 
  tbh , i stay the fuck away from clubbing and how would you call it ... palanga kind of people . 
  that may or may not make a difference . 
  i can imagine certain people acting like you said : / agreed we 're not friendly at first sight . 
  politeness is definitely not our cup of tea . 
  although in my experience germans are rather similar . 
  straight to the point and not much small talk . 
  pegging the currency ( first usd , later eur ) was best decision ever . 
  before pegging , usd was pretty much default currency for any meaningful purchase . 
  local currency was just a thing you can get usd for . 
  i doubt a scenario that all but currency peg was the same is possible . 
  whole economy would be very different . 
  imo we 'd be closer to ukraine or belarus today . 
  the switch to eur did n't have that much impact either . 
  prices were officially frozen for a year . 
  everybody were reluctant to raise prices before/after freeze . 
  crisis was going away at the same time . 
  minimal wage got a bump about that time . 
  naturally the prices did jump to make up for that 1.5 y of freeze . 
  i do n't think it 'd be much cheaper if everything was the same except introducing eur . 
  funnily enough , it 's mostly small businesses that raised the prices the most . 
  the $ 1 = 1ltl joke is very real in local babuska2customer businesses . 
  like roadside berries , local markets and so on . 
  judging by that pic , looks like you did find local r/incels faction . . !, 
  or you write off shy locals as rejecting you . 
  i can tell from this side of the aisle , we are shy as fuck . 
  it takes a lot get over and try to talk to a girl . 
  which is probably gone by that time ... and the prettier the girl , the harder it is . 
  if guys flat out reject you ( rather than do n't approach ) ... you must be hanging out with a wrong crowd . 
  come on ... 
  it ca n't be that bad . 
  even if it was ... are you saying there 's no r/incels local faction ? 
  i 'm sure that much reddit karma alone would make up for quite a few mishaps !, 
  our whole seaside is packed during the season . 
  neringa ( curonian spit/nida ) is the expensive one and/or for snobs , palanga is for partying and \u0160ventoji is the cheapest and mostly family oriented . 
  inland resorts like druskininkai or anyk\u0161\u010diai or whole `` 100 lakes land '' auk\u0161taitija are rather popular as well . 
  but not as packed as seaside . 
  most popular abroad destinations are cheaper mediterranean resorts i think . 
  turkey was # 1 few years ago , no idea how they do now . 
  as for the rest , the closer the more popular i guess . 
  whenever i go anywhere in poland/latvia/estonia , i bump into fellow travellers . 
   any differences in quality ? 
  you get what you pay for . . 
  median quality seem to be the same while price is slightly lower . 
  i try to stay away from both sketchy and super expensive options both abroad and locally so ca n't comment on either end . 
  so far , random choices in poland worked out ok in most cases . 
  while locally i 'm much more picky and avoid places with known bad price/quality ratio . 
  no idea how would it go if i 'd pick places randomly back at home . 
  i 've a feeling poland may be ahead on this one , but i may be biased . 
  m ` lady !, 
  i 'll see myself out ... 
  where do they say otherwise ? 
  if i see same product with identical packaging , i expect same content . 
  or is that unreasonable ? 
  a lot of brands ride on perceived german ( or whatever ) quality . 
  do they fulfil the expectations ? 
  yep , that 's what i was referring to . 
  we also have $ 0.10 deposit on bottled and canned drinks which i think you do n't have yet . 
  overall , poland businesses seem to go for lower price and make up in quantity while ours seem to focus on charging more , even if that means less clients . 
  for example , eating out and staying overnight cost significantly less in poland resorts than over there . 
  on one hand , your market is bigger . 
  but our own resorts are packed as fuck too . 
  yet many people just touch and go without staying overnight . 
  many people do n't eat out as much because pricing is ridiculous , especially given quality/price ratio . 
  there 's definitely space to go for lower margin and increase quantity a lot . 
  whenever i go to our own seaside , i get most food at supermarket and try to get accommodation with kitchenette . 
  in poland . . fuck that , eating out every day . 
  seriously , 1 week in poland mountains is cheaper than 1 week in lithuanian seaside .
