  although i never studied it very closely so i may be wrong . 
  i deal with japanese people/companies daily and lived in tokyo for a while . 
  a lot of their r&d / designs/etc is either offshore or hires from the west . 
  or at least who studied abroad . 
  in general , whole far east seem to have cultural issues in that department . 
  they sure do have great minds . 
  far easterners are good at tinkering and evolving existing ideas . 
  but westerners are much better at revolutionary things . 
  far east sure have great minds . 
  but they just seem to work differently than westerners . 
  of course , there 're always exceptions . 
  early chinese civilisation seem to have been great at inventions though . 
  too bad they got stuck later . 
   especially protestantism . 
  in fact by your logic it 's actually protestantism that won the day , clearly time for more sectarian crap to thrown about how great protestant thought is compared to the papist yoke . 
  purely anecdotal , but i 'd totally agree with you . 
  i 'm from catholic country . 
  our neighbours , who had very similar history , are protestants . 
  whenever i deal with them , it looks like our differences are caused mainly by catholics/protestants split . 
  i find their ways better . 
  gdp and living standards agree with that :(, 
  japanese manufacturing was built on technologies imported from the west . 
  the whole japanese boom was based on making cheap copies of western stuff . 
  sure , they did invent stuff here and there . 
  but it 's hardly monumental . 
  balkans were part of greece and roman empire for centuries . 
  south america was just europe 's backyard until recently . 
  better example for your point would be eritrea and other black christians . 
  the european version of christianity went much further than other strains . 
  i 'd rather say that communities define private property as they develop . 
  romans were probably one of the first societies to reach this step . 
  germanic/celtic had n't at the time . 
  ca n't say for sure about poland , but in lithuania it 's based on a mix of soviet times and farmers ' mentality . 
  do n't trust anybody unless you know them . 
  a criminal who you know on first name bases is more trustworthy than someone who looks reputable , but you do n't know . 
  personal relations over looks or public societal status . 
  getting away from pesky plebs plays big role too . 
  everybody wants something to call their own . 
  there 's a saying that if smth is public , then it 's nobody 's . 
  people want to have as much their own as possible ( = gated ) , because they do n't trust others with public property . 
  if it 's not fenced or otherwise mine , then someone will sure come and ruin it . 
  which is not an unfounded fear :(, 
  enemy as in holding a very different view . 
  politicians , holding very different positions , can still respect each other . 
  this guy does n't seem to do that , thus does n't get it in return either . 
  maybe you find him non-arrogant wanker , because you follow the same ideology ? 
  good politicians pay at least some respect to their enemies and gets respect from them in return . 
  verhofstadt seems to have `` whoever is not with me is dumb '' attitude . 
  it 's neither respectful , nor worth any respect . 
  why so ? 
  less women do physical work , sports or exercise . 
  leaner man and fatter female is common sight among all age groups . 
  according to what i saw in finland - i agree with him . 
  your aging infograph is quite true . 
  sadly older generation is doing too much tv and spending not enough time actively . 
  facts ai n't necessarily a cold hard truth . 
  history , speech and freedom are much harder than that . 
  and once you add personal opinions on top of that . . !, 
  both your and my countries were annexed by ussr , were n't they ? 
  but it 's damn easy to find a fact that both latvia and lithuania joined ussr voluntarily . 
  we feel this fact is not what it looks . 
  but plenty of people think otherwise . 
  and they think we twist the history by ignoring the cold hard fact . 
  you and i say the same about holocaust deniers . 
  that they twist the history by ignoring cold hard facts ... 
  probably a romanian student/visitor/whatever showing his support . 
  that just shows how used you 're to good cycling infrastructure , 
  that 's the thing . 
  from what i hear you have a good infrastructure for all that distance . 
  as in , designated cycling paths or , at worst , rural ( but paved ) roads with minor traffic are available . 
  in most countries cycling from city to city includes taking more or less crowded roads that are used by trucks/buses/cars going to the same direction . 
  add that he speaks lithuanian and you get unicorn with 2 corns . 
  while jobs are not strictly finite , 1k people usually do n't mean 1k jobs . 
  especially if we do n't count gov-paid jobs based on integrating/teaching/comforting migrants . 
  ahh . 
  i thought `` afford '' as in `` have money to buy '' . 
  i 'd call this `` have access to '' , but my english may be failing me . 
  i wonder how they put this on the actual survey forms . 
  i agree that the relative-to-culture surveys is definitely much better than raw gdp . 
  but sometimes the surveys seem to be favouriting some cultures/regions . 
  even if surveys were fair enough , some cultures tend to put them in worse light or vice versa . 
  some people looove to bash their surroundings and paint it in worse light than it is , while others try to show off . 
  of course , that may be taken into account when doing local surveys tuned to exact region . 
  anyhow , my point was that most of those poverty charts are very subjective and do n't mean shit in daily lives . 
  the more i travel , more i see that relative poverty gap is not as big as people sometimes want it to be . 
  however , differences are huge if one focuses on specific bits , taken out of context . 
   fulfills their nutritional needs  they could afford x amount of fresh fruit/vegetables some cultures historically have bad eating habits . 
  some people still follow them . 
  even though they might be well off . 
  sure , we could just look at their incomes and see if they might afford healthy food if they wished to . 
  but in some countries sagnificant amount of people still grow their own fruits/vegetables or get them by barter . 
  so they may eat healthy even if their monetary incomes are too low  exercise/play safely this is highly cultural too . 
  i 'm sure many things i did in my childhood would n't pass in other countries . 
  i 'm sure kinds in other countries do stuff that is perfectly normal to them , but would seem scary as fuck to me . 
  income cut-off does n't work in areas with high amount of ` grey ' money or barter . 
  especially when comparing them to societies where every coin is accounted for . 
  defining `` proper '' food is not very straightforward either . 
  or should we use median of that specific country as `` proper '' food in that country ? 
  and now add the barter bit to that . 
  sport clubs is quite a cultural thing too .
