  only in late 19th/early 20th century , thanks to spring of nations and more educated peasants , more lithuanians went for national state rather than resurrecting union with poland . 
  poland going more towards nation state rather than federation did n't help this either . 
  imo if poland did n't do what they did in 1920 , some sort of ever closer union with poland was very likely . 
  the whole vilnius situation was the final nail in the coffin of plc. 
  i hope we can clear all the skeletons from our closets though . 
  agreeing on common narrative throughout lithuania , poland , belarus and ukraine would be great . 
  we have to do a lot of remove populist though . 
  that 's what they said about plc sejm and their liberum veto , ha !, 
  it was even more complicated than that . 
  plc citizens hailing from lithuanian lands usually identified as lithuanian in ethnic sense , but as poles in citizenship sense . 
  language was completely detached from this . 
  the working language throughout plc was polish . 
  there 're a lot of examples when one brother became a famous lithuanian , while another - pole . 
  hell , sometimes it got as far as dividing a brother for each nowadays republic . 
  it 's not like one brother was ethnically pole , while another was n't . 
  back in those times , national/ethnic/etc divisions were very different from today . 
  exhibit number 1 - mickevi\u010dius and his famous `` lithuania , my fatherland '' . 
  exhibit number 2 - kudirka . 
  in his early years , he despised being associated with lithuania and spoke polish . 
  however , he went on to be one of the fathers of modern lithuania . 
  tl ; dr ethnicity in plc was problematic, 
  yep . 
  russia is just exploiting already existing weaknesses . 
  being from ex-ussr country , i hate russia gov to the bone . 
  i was very pro-eu and pro-nato a decade ago . 
  however , seeing current eu is just sad . 
  it looks like a giant playfield to test some ridiculous ideas . 
  but suddenly if i 'm against current eu politics , i must be pro-russia or whatever . 
  the more `` us vs. them '' mentality and the more eu fucks up , more people look the other way about russia 's involvement and join anti-eu ranks . 
  which ai n't good either ... 
  in addition to what others said that homeless did exist beyond statistics , `` housing '' frequently was a tiny room with shared amenities . 
  even if you had kids . 
  yes , many people sooner or later moved into their apartments . 
  yes , some people managed to build houses . 
  but quite a few lived in student dormitory conditions for decades . 
  well , you guys never made us the 51st state . 
  so we 're kinda stuck in limbo there ... 
  yep , even mafia very rarely used ( or even had ? ), 
  guns . 
  one of the reasons why martial arts were popular af in 80s and 90s . 
  especially in those circles . 
  even at the peak of the wild 90s guns were reserved for exceptional crimes . 
  ca n't say about czech , but we have a test for gun ownership license too . 
  it 's a questionnaire about gun safety , regulations and first aid . 
  during soviet era , afaik it was much much harder to own a personal weapon . 
  except a hunting or sports riffle . 
  i doubt a civilian was eligible for self-defense weapon at all . 
  the problem is how we set the bar for whoever was bad enough to have his sites demolished . 
  how many picohitlers is enough ? 
  given that there 're people worth more than 1 hitler ... 
  why not ? 
  there 're plenty of sites related to people who did horrible things . 
  where do we draw the line what should we destroy and what not ? 
  should we destroy buildings related to marx ? 
  quite a few people did horrible things in the name of communism . 
  lithuanian influence . 
  workout is mandatory at schools . 
  well , it 's called `` body culture '' but ends up being basketball for boys and yoga or whatever for girls in most cases . 
  2x per week as far as i remember . 
  winner is whoever finishes first , riiiiight ... ? 
  it 's too cold to hang out outside , we 'd rather hang up inside ... 
  i 'd say they 're not even that much richer . 
  day-to-day life seems to be very similar . 
  the only difference is their wages are higher , thus imported products are relatively cheaper . 
  but local stuff/services affordability seem to be on par . 
  the only huuuuge difference is trust in fellow human . 
  back at home , people do n't trust anybody . 
  all ( trans ) actions are set up to minimise risk . 
  in finland , it feels like nobody expects other people to steal/scam/etc . 
  which is nice , but weird . 
  what line of work do you plan to do ? 
  english will get you pretty far in tech/it . 
  there 're belarusians and ukrainians living in vilnius working in english-speaking offices . 
  russian fills the gap when they 've to deal with older people who do n't speak english . 
  but if you 'd want to do anything else than international business or tech , lithuanian at acceptable level is more or less required . 
  vilnius university have summer courses for people interested in lithuanian . 
  i hear they 're rather good and affordable . 
  you could taste the city for few months too . 
  once you start saying that not every military operation can result in war crimes , you start on a very slippery slope . 
  does the size of operation matter ? 
  length ? 
  it 'd be better to just judge the actions rather than discuss if operation itself is war enough  well , there 's obviously a disagreement about that . 
  technically lithuanian gov did everything 100 % legal . 
  at the time of declaration of independence , ussr constitution had a clause of leaving . 
  it was executed as described . 
  so ussr central gov had no legal basis to do what they did . 
  they could have bended gov into submission and to take back declaration of independence . 
  but obviously using military and attacking civilian targets is not exactly legal way to do that . 
   war crime is not stretching it , it is simply wrong , since there was no war . 
  `` war crime '' does n't require to be carried out during declared war . 
  whatever military operation it is , it 's still prone to war crimes . 
  otherwise it 'd be easy to get out of `` war crime '' - just attack without declaring war . 
  a lot of `` war crimes '' were carried out by some state on it 's own citizens . 
  but a nation can not declare war on it 's own citizens . 
  usually it has some other name . 
   whether it was a crime depends on whether the order the army received was legal . 
  the order may be legal itself ( = issued by person authorized for that ) . 
  but there may be no legal ground for that order to be issued . 
  in this case , the order was to take over civilian buildings/services that were doing their job . 
  they were n't taken over by opposing armed group .
