  that may be not as cool , because i ca n't compare my pictures to theirs . 
  but it 's still something . 
  now that i think about it , my grandparents did n't have a chance to travel west . 
  i find it much harder to travel east . 
  interesting how times have changed . 
  i was talking about hipocrisy in bigger picture . 
  germany is first to go full nationalisty-19th-century when it benefits it . 
  but they 're first to call others names when they do n't like something . 
   the goal is n't to fuck anyone - the goal is energy security . 
  and the issues with ukraine ( military intervention or not ) have been increasingly worrisome . 
  if you treat each eu member and associate as completely separate entities , then i totally agree with you . 
  but i hear eu is supposed to be some sort of community or union or smth . . 
  amber pipeline is necessary only if you want to cut ukraine . 
  ee does n't want to cut ukraine . 
  there 's no need for additional capacity either . 
  gas usage is dropping thanks non-fossil energy . 
  nordstream has some capacity left too . 
  this is more like . . 
  if you want to fuck ukraine , then at least do n't fuck us . 
  sure , connection to pl/lt/lv / ee could technically be built . 
  but there was no invitation to join the project as far as i remember . 
  poland-baltic pipeline would be on land as far as i 'm aware . 
  it 'd be a bridge between existing lt and pl pipes . 
  and beefing up some existing pipes . 
  lt-lv-ee already have connections , because the only gas storage in the baltics is in lv . 
  yes , ecological concerns were sort of last-resort try get some leverage . 
  anyhow , if germany felt like being a nice guy , they had a lot of opportunities to do so . 
  did n't happen . 
  that 's totally cool . 
  everybody is looking after their own . 
  hypocrisy is great in eu , both we and ee . 
  high prices negotiations bump into adding shitty clauses or political reasons . 
  lithuania was forced to sell local gas infrastructure to gazprom for a discount for several years . 
  gas price is involved in national politics as well . 
  the biggest pro-russian party was founded by a guy who was running a company overseeing gas import from russia . 
  that party is in governing coalition at the moment . 
  there 's much more at stake than just `` do n't like the price - go eslewhere '' . 
   everyone is happy with russian gas really no need to replace it that 's not the case over there . 
  nobody is happy with it , aside from a dozen of people dealing with importing it . 
  we 're ramping up imports via lpg terminal . 
  if there was a political will , we could almost drop importing gas from russia . 
  it 's complicated though . 
  gazprom-lithuania agreement was recently taken to international arbitrage due to unfair pricing . 
  in the end , gazprom agreed to pay a massive refund . 
  in many cases , those gazprom 10 year contracts are just bullying . 
  in addition to high prices , they try to force minimum amount clause . 
  if country does n't use agreed amount , they still got ta pay for it . 
  the amount is usually the same as country uses in a year . 
  that makes buying from alternative sources in meaningful quantity virtually impossible . 
   not really . 
  ukraine being one of the main transit routes has n't helped their prices . 
  i wonder how much ukraine would pay if they would n't be a transit country . 
  on the bright side , we 'll soon find out . 
   elaborate please ? 
  because one reason for poland ( and the baltics ) to have an interest in preventing ns2 is that an alternative route through poland would grant them sweet transit fees . 
  gas to we does n't pass through baltics . 
  lt/lv/ee each have direct pipes to russia there 're some connections between them . 
  but they 're not used for transit further west . 
  poland may be doing transit , not sure . 
  i think main transit to we goes through slovakia . . ? 
   i actually have the opposite information - they were asked to join but declined . 
  do you have a source ? 
  it was in the news like 10 years ago . 
  i do n't remember that were was an option on the table . 
  the narrative was that it introduces a lot of ecological issues on our shores ( sunken ww2 biological weapons etc ) , but do n't invite us to join the fun :(, 
  i 'm saying that ee states do look for alternatives . 
  i was talking about lpg carriers and their terminals . 
  huh ? 
  lithuania is now importing gas via ships . 
  mostly from norway . 
  once from qatar i think . 
  us is now an option too . 
  poland is planning a terminal for gas ships . 
  latvia is thinking about using lithuanian terminal . 
  estonia is split between using lithuanian or building their own . 
  finland is considering that as well . 
  if gas was passing ee , ee countries would have more leverage . 
  buying gas via germany is not good , because infrastructure is not ready for reverse flow . 
  additional transit would cost more than importing straight from russia . 
  and russia may not allow germany to resell the gas . 
  or at least require high enough resell price . 
  basically the only solution is for eu to buy all gas together . 
  single eu and russia agreement . 
  gas bought at eu border . 
  any country pays the same to russia . 
  then eu deals with inside transit costs . 
  by the way , baltic states and poland asked to join nordstream . 
  they were refused . 
  nice , huh ? 
  non-fossil energy is not exactly subsidies-free . 
  if there was no subsidies and taxes to either , it 'd be interesting . 
  honestly , i do n't know what the outcome would be . 
  anyhow , my point was that bp could move out r&d and manufacturing . 
  but keep the retail presence . 
  in the end , they 'd still have access to the profitable market . 
  but many jobs and taxmoney would go to other countries . 
  it 's more about r&d and refineries . 
  they could move out all those polluting jobs and just import end product into eu . 
   half of the manufacturing process , planning and implementation course i took had as inspiration japanese developed methods . 
  i see it as iteration of ford 's mass producing .
