  as i said , i 'm not talking about syria specifically . 
  this is more a philosophical question . 
  if anybody from a shitty country can leave for a better life , willing people leave and the shitty country stays . 
  want your own country ? 
  start a war , push majority of your population abroad and enjoy . 
  iraq is not doing that bad these days btw . 
  yes . 
  i 'm talking not only about syrians but all the countries in the region . 
  chance to move to rich countries = more incentive to emigrate . 
  nobody wants to rot in refugee camps though . 
  may be not what / u/kubissus meant , but by letting in migrants eu is letting off the steam . 
  if people could n't just run away , they 'd be much more incentivised to fix their own countries . 
  . . while lithuania is -0,56 and gets different color than latvia . 
  which is even more weird . 
  according to latest statistics ~ a month ago , over half of relocated people already left . 
  imo that 's because legit politicians became too self-absorbed and not willing to pay attention to less-educated/progressive/earning / etc. 
  or worried that their core electorate will drop them if they pander to wider crowd . 
  clowns you described are happy to fill the vacuum though . 
  we had an interesting election last year . 
  one dude who i admired lost and he said smth along the lines `` if i need to step over my ideals even a wee bit to win , i 'd rather loose '' . 
  imo this attitude is the issue . 
  politics is not purely about ideals . 
  politics is about making consensus too . 
  i 'd much rather have legit politicians be more populist than have clowns in gov. 
  of course , flat-out lying and race to bigger benefits is bad . 
  but i believe vacuum for populists could be made much smaller without resorting to that . 
  as long as it 's universal popular vote , there will be people who care about all kinds of things . 
  if elite/establishment/whatever got that disenfranchised from the masses that clowns get enough following , maybe it 's problem with them ? 
  democracy is populist in the core . 
  if there 's some vacuum in ideas , someone will jump in and fill it . 
  i do n't get what you 're trying to say . 
  if fascism by itself is not bad ( only implementation of it turned bad ) , then using it as derogatory label is misleading . 
  which is effectively white washing the term when it 's used for valid evil stuff . 
  so nothing evil then ? 
  just different opinions ? 
  you 're not wrong about belarus either . 
  after partitions of plc , a lot of jews from the rest of russian empire were moved to nowadays belarus/lithuania/poland . 
  in lithuania , most small cities were majority jewish all the way to ww2 . 
  major cities had a wider variety , but jews were a significant population . 
  the sound of the 3 is far from similar . 
  lithuanian and latvian sound is somewhat similar . 
  but estonian is totally different beast . 
  see [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kokq20rul0 ) . 
  this song is same bit of text in latvian , lithuanian and then estonian . 
  i was not saying that government should n't intervene . 
  i was saying that if `` too big to fail '' companies were allowed to fail , that 'd be more capitalism and would be better in the long run . 
  my ideology at least makes sure your ideology have toilet paper and do n't starve to death . 
  conscription is conscription no matter how you present it . 
  even if it was regular military lessons , some people would be against them , probably calling it some sort of conscription . 
  the core thing is wether all citizens should participate in defence of their country . 
  the rest is nuisances of conscription . 
  lithuanian `` kovas '' in the non-bird theory , would rather mean `` fight '' than `` struggle '' as article says . 
  this month is usually when snow melts and it 's watery everywhere . 
  definitely not the month you want to wage war . 
  you 'd either do that while stuff is frozen or once it 's nice in late april/may . 
  the bird `` kovas '' usually comes at the beginning of `` kovas '' month so it 's most likely . 
  balandis ( april ) and gegu\u017e\u0117 ( may ) are also based on bird names . 
  embargo was started way earlier . 
  i agree it could have been lifted in 90s if the point of it was what i said . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mariel_boatlift . 
  if anybody was free to leave at any point , there would n't be such a rush . 
  or were you asking for ussr ? 
  more like a dedicated week . 
  it 'd take some time to get to training location . 
  some survival stuff would include overnighters if not longer exercises . 
  it adds up . 
  from what i heard , first few months are intense as you say and later it gets much more lax . 
  they get personal time in most evenings too . 
  for reading/interwebs/etc . 
  the biggest problem i hear is there 's no enough fun stuff with live ammo etc and too much boring time filling stuff . 
  this could be fixed by shortening the course though . 
  as i said , there were people genuinely happy about ussr too . 
  some liked it as it is , some were shielded from the shit . 
  for me the best litmus test is wether a country allows it 's citizens to leave or not . 
  cuba do n't allow , at least until recently . 
  as for us embargo , i think it was more to ensure that ussr does n't make a poster boy out of cuba . 
  ussr was putting a lot of money into cuba . 
  for relatively small country and population , they could have bought a lot of shit from usa and made communism look super sweet . 
  top logik, 
  in general yes . 
  but it gets complicated because you ca n't make it just another lesson . 
  a month or two at the beginning of the last year might work . 
  or at the end of second-to-last year . 
  taking away summer after school would n't fly i guess . 
  the point of conscript army is not the standing army at the given moment . 
  it 's to teach people basic skills . 
  the bigger trained reserve , the better . 
  if shit would hit the fan , not everybody in the reserve would be called up . 
  basic skills would help people who are not called from reserve too . 
  in prolonged guerrilla war scenario , surviving if infrastructure is gone etc. 
  one of the point of being in a group is to defend as a group . 
  thus defence is a useful skill both the group and the individual who wants to keep his group independent . 
  i agree a year is too long though . 
  basic skills should be thought to everyone and in a quicker , less obtrusive manner . 
  the problem is that once shit hits the fan , it 's too late . 
  the aim is to have reserve of trained people . 
  i agree randomly selecting small amount of people sucks . 
  basic training should be short ( month ? 
  and for everybody , no exceptions . 
  do n't have legs ?
