  january 13th is gaining popularity too , so it 's kinda complicated  this constitution-vote day is meh . 
  i 'd say 98 % of people could n't even say exact day on the spot . 
  no public celebrations either . 
  just fyi , `` vilnius m\u016bs\u0173 , o mes rus\u0173 '' ( vilnius is ours , we 're russians ' ) after ww2 was as popular as `` mes be vilniaus nenurimsim '' ( we wo n't stay put without vilnius ) interwar ... 
  but we could take some cheap breakfast from their fridge the next morning ... oh wait . 
  so one does emigrate in the end !, 
  all roads lead to gulag . 
  and make sure everybody work and/or studies next to their residences . 
  and do n't even think about changing your job without moving your family . 
  both public and person transit have their own markets . 
  and both have glorious future i think . 
  cars may change , but personal transit will be there . 
  maybe there will be e-bicycles . 
  with cabins for band weather . 
  and space for more than one passenger . 
  and some luggage . 
  and bigger motor that can do larger distances quicker . 
  ussr ( and probably other communist states ) had a somewhat similar idea . 
  buying a car was a total pita for several reasons . 
  people were forced to use public transit . 
  going to other town was kinda a big deal back then though . 
  even though public transit was kinda frequent and cheap . 
  immediately after ussr collapse car ownership boomed and public transport degraded soon after . 
  \\* gay banana, 
  probably rush hour lanes that switches sides in morning/evening . 
  i agree economics is involved . 
  when some people in eu say we need migrants for cheap labor and then discuss robots and ubi the next day ... come on . 
  it 's just stupid . 
  we 're in perfect shape to go full-auto , downscale our population , kick in ubi and live as kings . 
  but that ai n't gone happen if the keep aiming for growth of population which is basically a biggest ponzi scheme ever . 
  overall , i think it 's more about human nature . 
  humans are pack animals . 
  throughout the history there was a very strong us vs. them mentality . 
  even babies ( too lazy to google for that study , sorry ) feel more comfortable among people similar to their parents ( or what they saw at birth ) . 
  it looks like at some point `` migrant '' vs `` rooted '' people become another angle of us vs them . 
  it 's interesting to see how both groups of people use same arguments . 
  some people argue that 2 % of outsiders is too much.other people argue that european cities are too white . 
  and neither is correct or wrong , it 's just different attitudes . 
  this is exactly what is happening in japan . 
  most foreigners live in their bubbles and do n't integrate much . 
  they 're not considered locals either . 
  even if one of parents is japanese , they may be not considered very local . 
  in my experience , there 're 2 ways to handle this . 
  one way is `` migrant '' nations like us where everybody is non-local . 
  another way is `` rooted '' nations where locals do n't give a fuck about pulling in outsiders . 
  in my experience , it seem to apply more or less universally . 
  i guess this is just how humans operate . 
  the conflicts seem to happen when countries are on the verge . 
  in europe , some places have a large amount of immigrants ( as for `` rooted '' nation ) and want to promote `` migrant '' point of view . 
  the counter example would be us which is historically `` migrant '' , but have enough `` rooted '' population now and is trying to limit further immigration . 
  i 'm not very familiar with canadian history so i assumed french people are the `` local '' ( as much as european can be local in na . . ) people who do n't like recent immigrants . 
  at least that 's what i heard from my friend . 
  he was born in 1st-gen immigrants family , his parents did n't integrate and caused him to be not integrated as well . 
  the overall culture did n't help him either . 
  basically he said there 's no place on earth he could call home ( he went to his parents ' original country too , despised it ) . 
  did n't look like he has hard feels for mtl , but he did n't have much sentiment either . 
  he 's thinking about giving it another chance though . 
  in my experience , any people who come in significant numbers do not integrate . 
  from afar , quebec look like a huge french ghetto  for the better or worse . . 
  it applies to my own country as well . 
  both for people that moved in and that moved out . 
  and i totally understand other people when they despise our emigrants . 
  along with good people , we sent out plenty of scum : /, 
  as you said yourself , `` 50 % immigrant '' ... 
  i guess those 50 % are not `` 250 years and counting '' . 
  how many people would be `` 250 years and counting '' ? 
  10 % at best ? 
  in europe , depending how you count , you can get 80 % `` ages and counting '' . 
  btw , a friend of mine is from montreal . 
  he says overall atmosphere is much closer to europe than vancouver or most of us . 
  he left canada more than a decade ago though . 
  in europe , majority of people is living in the specific region for literally ages . 
  thus the `` it 's my home '' and `` my home , my rules '' mentality . 
  if someone comes to my home , they should adhere to the existing rules and work to integrate themselves . 
  if they 're not happy about it , they 're welcome to get out . 
  eurostat . 
  it was posted over there quite a few times . 
  initially people were n't vetted at all . 
  they had to apply for asylum and statistics are based on these applications . 
  first of all , proper border control would have turned away opportunists . 
  legit traffic ( = syrians ) was a third or so . 
  that alone would have made the situation much more manageable . 
  imo the best way would be to solve the problem where it 's cheapest . 
  1mm euros can build a great camp in middle east . 
  it does much so much less in germany or sweden . 
  if pr was n't an issue , a super strict outer border control by military would have prevented this issue altogether ... and i 'm not talking about shooting or anything like that . 
  purely paper checking on the spot would have prevented a lot of opportunists . 
  how do you stop them from traveling in schengen ? 
  likely eu countries . 
  some are known to be in sweden or germany . 
  once they group-rented a bus and got themselves driven to germany . 
  officials could n't do more than wave them because they 're allowed to travel in eu . 
  once they did n't report in-person after a month , they lost their benefits . 
  their residence permits are still valid though . 
  i think there 's another deadline after which their permits will be nulled too . 
  our officials did report them to germany to expect them . 
  did n't hear about them ( or someone else ) coming back though . 
  given how any migrant-related news are immediately all over interwebs , i would n't have missed that . 
   as to refugee quotas ... what else ? 
  we certainly ca n't leave the mediterranean states alone with the burden , and distributing them evenly throughout the eu seems to be a reasonable option , does n't it ?
