  to this day , i wonder if he was asking for a bribe or too lazy to write me up for minor offence :| damn samogitians . 
  must be a slow bus . 
  express is 4 hours i think , if not less . 
  ~ 3h by car , depends on traffic . 
  7 hours is enough to get to tallinn with good timing . 
  this is for the public transit tab . 
  and then they clearly state specific time , not only duration . 
  have n't seen that in car tab though . 
  yea , it 's always worth to look that up . 
  even in germany . 
  the only time i was seriously stuck in lt border < -  warsaw was near lomza though . 
  both routes are ... adventurous  still boring compared to pre-eu times :d hope all plans will work out and we 'll have full highway warsaw < -  vilnius by 2020 . 
  in fact , kaunas < -  marijampol\u0117 is being converted to highway as i write this . 
  marijampol\u0117 < -  pl border is in planning phase . 
  looks like there 's enough political will to push it through . 
  ca n't wait to to get to mountains in reasonable time : / if it was n't an adventurous  12h drive , i 'd definitely come more frequently . 
  small paycheck and starving kids on the other side of the planet are far too unrelated issues than this . 
  sure . 
  anybody can complain about anything . 
  campaign and spend public money on superficially narrowed issue ? 
  that sucks . 
  the thing is , in most cases the problem is not particular - ism . 
  it 's that people judge too much based on appearance and do n't reevaluate their judgement . 
  a campaign towards particular - ism would just make a car dealer tip-toe around women . 
  this where we 're heading i think . 
  instead , we could campaign to not judge by looks and evaluate any person case by case . 
  and if one happens to judge wrongly , correct himself and go on . 
  i 'll rather be accidentally offended once in a while than have people tiptoe around me and tiptoe myself . 
  go through bialystok next time . 
  a bit longer in distance , but much more highway . 
  they 're opening few more highway sections this winter , then bialystok route will be much faster . 
  bialystok < -  augustow is narrow-ish road , but very nice area . 
  much nicer than glorious lomza . 
  also , given a nice day , you can go augustow -  vilnius -  riga . 
  virtually no trucks on augustow -  vilnius section and then highway all the way to panev\u0117\u017eys . 
  vilnius bypass should be open by christmas too . 
  fuck viabaltica and whoever thought 1 lane is enough . 
  from my experience , it does n't . 
  and stockholm-turku ferry goes few times a day tops . 
  so you 'd have to arrive at very specific time . 
  ferry loading/unloading times is hard to estimate too . 
  if you come on unpopular time/day , you might board just before leaving and get out soon too . 
  if not . . you may have to queue in 2h earlier or sit on deck for a long time till everybody leaves . 
  in my experience tallinn-helsinki gates-to-gates time is about right on schedule on foot . 
  but with a car , it 's 1-2h extra . 
  come really early for good spot or be stuck for a long time when arrived . 
  traffic is shit too . 
  edit : i just checked vilnius to stockholm route . 
  google maps say 18h including ferry . 
  it 's 9am . 
  fun thing is , ventspils-nyneshamn ferry is overnight ferry . 
  tonight 's ferry arrives at 8am + drive time to stockholm . 
  google 's estimate would be correct only if 'd leave at very specific time to catch the ferry . 
  that 's if google 's estimate for ferry is correct edit2 : google claims 12:33 on-ferry time . 
  according to schedule , tonight 's ferry leaves at 22:00 and arrives at 8:00 . 
  +1 h time difference = 11h . 
  it recommends to arrive at least 2 hours before for checkin . 
  so we got 13h already . 
  add unloading time and even if the 'd be late for recommended checkin time , we 'd hardly fit in google 's time . 
  anyhow , we would n't be in stockholm before 9am their time , which is 24h + from time of query . 
  to add to fun , ferry has different time on each day . 
  goes from 8h to 13h on different days . 
  more like google maps is amazing . 
  and dense road network is amazing too . 
  also this will depend on ferry schedule . 
  and traffic . 
  if they 'd leave at random time , they 'd arrive several hours of each other ... 
  yes, 
  but it 's not 2 % that was agreed, 
  they do exist . 
  but too much stuff is called as one or other - ism , that real cases do n't get enough attention . 
  at the same time , there 're too much false positives . 
  instead of trying to cry foul for minor stuff that probably is n't even related to racism/sexism/etc , that energy could be spent on serious cases . 
  if you want to see - isms wherever you go - you 're welcome . 
  i 'll keep just treating anybody as human beings . 
  imo - ism is when someone consciously hates someone else . 
  subconsciously doing shit ai n't nice and there 'd be better less of it . 
  but exaggerating it is doing more harm than good . 
  especially with false-positives . 
  `` us vs. them '' is rooted very deeply . 
  there 're studies that even babies do that and feel more comfortable with similar to them . 
  eye color , hair color , skin color , cloths , character traits , accessories , movements ... all of that goes into the same bucket . 
  you 'd have a bunch of people spitting on each other and then someone declaring one of spit-transactions is worse-than-hitler . 
  while spitting . 
  but do n't talk much about all other cases . 
  this would be much better comparison . 
  most of this is not even actively hating someone . 
  people are not robots who can triple check every word and intonation all the time . 
  sure it 's good to raise awareness . 
  for example , many companies hire secret shoppers from all walks of life . 
  but highlighting only a small bit of this sucks . 
  making a big issue of it sucks even more . 
  it does bother me . 
  but if it spans several categories ( gender , class , hobbies ? 
  ) , it 's not gender issue anymore in my books . 
  what about treating any human nicely , regardless of their gender/wealth/status / looks/hobbies ? 
  and gender is probably not even the top reason for this . 
  you do n't look rich enough or into specific hobby . 
  or if salesperson is just having a bad day and/or decides you wo n't buy . 
  got a link for the last case ?
