  we elected new gov last fall , mostly by people who 'd sign after that quote . 
  turns out the pro-family & traditions anti-corruption dude not only sent his wife to spain , but also brought his mistress ( with whole high school education , never worked a meaningful job ) to parliament as mp , made her vice-president of his fraction and is leasing a luxury car for her through his company to evade taxes . 
  tl ; dr popcorn economy is doing great, 
  just relaying the ... less successful ? 
  hivemind . 
  some people truly believed that we 'd be `` like sweden by ' 95 '' . 
  other people were too comfy in soviet setting and got too lazy . 
  now they feel lost , betrayed and angry at people who adapted better . 
  to them , soviet times were ok and it went downhill from there . 
  virtually all of them love the west though . 
  this is one of the main motivations to emigrate actually . 
  quite a few people are/were willing to stay at home , but were literally pushed to emigrate . 
  because west is all nice and dandy , while over there everything is shit forever  the saddest part is some of their children are not much better off too . 
  it 'll take generations to bring everyone up to speed . 
  or till everybody with such mentality goes west . 
  . . because shit ca n't get worse , thus it 's likely to get better and a lot of people got `` grass is greener '' perspective . 
  anything local is seen as bad while outside is glorious . 
  goes as far as semi-jokingly saying that they 'd prefer direct eu rule over our own gov. 
  that and re-export is huge for fiat for some reason . 
  at the end of the day , i think skoda is top seller . 
  or vw . 
  usa is a union . 
  i would n't say they do n't have any nationalism ... 
  spent few days in between dresden and cz border last year . 
  really nice area and very little concrete monstrosity . 
  this definitely does n't represent the rest of eastern germany . 
  but both west and east have both ugly and nice bits . 
  huh ? 
  this is probably southern europe or exclusively french thing . 
  but definitely not `` european '' . 
  over there in lithuania , mps are strictly to , well , police military . 
  on-base stuff , escorting military cargo etc. 
  it 'd be . . weird if they 'd do anything not related to military . 
  i did n't see them securing public events/spaces elsewhere in central/northern/eastern europe either . 
   lituania , 3 million inhabitants ... . . and then latvia , estonia finland and part of russia . 
  that road is one long row of trucks . 
  and speeding long-distance travellers overtaking in crazy places . 
  idk about polish part , but lithuanian bit is deadliest road over there . 
  we 're working on converting it to highway . 
  first , most busy , third will be completed by 2020-22 , along with poles . 
  last third is in planning at the moment , although it 'll probably be only nordic style 2 +1 . 
  the mid section is already covered by other highways ( although with a lengthy detour ) is not even on paper yet . 
  fake maxima potatos are for visitors and export . 
  we do n't put good stuff on display . 
  someone may have leaked one of the secret stashes to / u/ezerinsh though ... 
  this is ppp . 
  maybe prices come into play ? 
  i heard it 's even worse than over there . 
  idk is there 's any truth in that . 
  lithuania is about to join the glorious spirit road . 
  if current gov plans work out , we 'll soon be going to latvia and poland for our needs . 
  no potato = no finland, 
  yep . 
  latvia confirmed . 
  in ussr , situation was getting worse and worse and 80s were the peak . 
  then in early 90s it started getting better some people , but some still were stuck in pre-fall and it took till late 90s for the poor ones to feel any difference . 
  it 's not like ussr was good enough and then it suddenly got worse in early 90s . 
  yes , gdp/capita difference was big . 
  but gdp ppp/capita was not as big . 
  same as today . 
  ffs , some stats say my lithuania 's gdp ppp/capita is already higher than portugal . . rumunia and ukraine are very different cases . 
  ukraine was ok part of russian empire , then it got into communism immediately . 
  ca n't say much about rumunia , but they were independent for a bit and had a good run . 
  in meantime lithuania did a lot of progress during brief stint of independence in between world wars . 
  i 'm sure it 'd be much worse if it was part of ussr right after ww1 . 
  czechoslovakia or estonia were doing really well too . 
  not as well as western countries , but nowhere near 10x difference . 
  maybe . 
  what i 'm saying is , eastern bloc is very diverse region and would n't even be considered a single region before commie times . 
  socioeconomically it varied from super poor to near-western levels . 
  today it 's slowly dissolving and soon the eastern bloc region will be as diverse as pre-communism . 
  not all eastern bloc countries were slavic !, 
  baltics , hungary and romania are not slavic . 
  it 's not like pre-commie countries were prosperous . 
  but difference was not that big . 
  while in early 90s it was insane . 
  i guess we 'll be on par with relative difference as pre communism in a decade or so . 
  which would mean we wasted nearly a century instead of catching up with western counterparts right after ww2 . 
  it was common stuff back then . 
  russia did this occupy thing back then too , it 's not like it was victim out of fuckin nowhere . 
  people do n't do this shit anymore though . 
  gdp ppp would be much more interesting . 
  eastern germany and czechoslovakia were n't poor though . 
  the eastern bloc stuff is not only economical . 
  socio . . philosophical ? 
  differences are quite big too . 
  how come ? 
  czechoslovakia , as part of austro-hungary was one of the core elements of what we see as western europe . 
  eastern germany was . . well , germany . 
  poland-lithuania commonwealth was kinda westerny for literally ages , especially if compared to russia . 
  i agree we could count late russian empire as build up for ussr . 
  but even then , it did n't include quite a bit of territories in that map . 
  keep in mind that 45 years period was just the peak of the division . 
  there 's was a buildup and now we see the downfall . 
  one could argue that late russian empire was predecessor of ussr and might be included in the timespan as well . 
  although i agree that it 's hardly comparable to roman empire longevity . 
  it 'd be interesting to see what would be important 1k years from now . 
  but if we 'd base all our judgement on what people after many years may think , it 'd give us a very skewed perception . 
  rather the people who want underpaid uneducated workers to exploit . 
  but yes , gdr history would have been much different if there was no wall .
