  some brigading may be going on , probably from both sides , but the irl narrative has changed considerably too . 
  we got few in vilnius  vokie\u010di\u0173 street , ozas mall and airport . 
  before the whole ldk thing , tribes of what is now northern lithuania loved to go on trips to what is now latvia . 
  as for the swedes , it was more lithuania ( and/or commonwealth ) trying to take latvia for themselves , rather than defending it from swedes . 
  i would n't be surprised if some latvians fought on swedes side . 
  actually , lithuanian protestans were very keen to join swedes to fight catholic commonwealth . 
  so i 'm pretty sure latvian protestants felt the same . 
  i agree that you and we are different on these matters . 
  but if put on a scale from 1 to 5 , i 'd say lt is 1 , lv is 2 and ee is 5 . 
  i mean it looks like lt is more similar to lv than lv to ee , excluding religion bit . 
  estonians seem to be more pragmatic , minimalist , uptight , rules-bound and western-y/nordic-y than both lt and lv . 
  lt and lv seem to be quite similar . 
  invaded them ... 
  sometimes ... 
  just curious , why do you count lithuanian mentality as different from latvian and estonian ? 
  i 'd say estonians are different from both of us in terms of mentality . 
  statoil is gold-standard of roadside food and wc over there . 
  whenever i need gas out of town , it 's either neste ( cheap gas ) or statoil ( if i 'm hungry/need wc ) . 
  so statoil opened a shop sans oil too . 
  everybody like them for non-gas stuff anyway ... 
  we 'll do this next tuesday though, 
  many bigger it companies there in vilnius already have guys from russia/ukraine/belarus , in addition to random people from throughout eu . 
  they use english as office language afaik . 
  programmers ' meetups are switching to english-first too . 
  english after work is enough to get by too . 
  that 's quite rare . 
  students go for half-time jobs . 
  most companies prefer full-time workers . 
  one of the reasons may be that full-time workers get same social benefits as part-timers . 
  both are entitled to same sick leave , unemployment etc. 
  all of these are % of salary . 
  they cost % of salary to employer as well . 
  so there 's not much incentive to keep more part-timers vs. less full-timers . 
  $ 2k eur after taxes is ok for a bright guy . 
  more is sure doable , but you got ta be a right guy in a right place at a right time . 
  ~ $ 1k is what juniors make . 
  seniors usually make  = $ 1.5 k. 
  a good ( = renovated/newly built/furnished/etc ) 2 room apartment is $ 300-600 , depending on part of the city/building/fanciness . 
  fancy apartment in down town might cost you more of course . 
  $ 10 will buy you a fancy burger + beer in downtown . 
  all-in-all , $ 1k is what you need to live comfortable-ish . 
  $ 1.5 k is nice . 
  props for doing the right thing . 
  hope one day guys like you will fix it up . 
  it 's not all about the money . 
  to fix up a society , you 've to be there . 
  just doing the right thing , living as you preach and supporting ( more morally than financially ) other people like you goes a long way . 
  living abroad and sending money back home usually just enforces the old issues . 
  forward-looking people move out . 
  the only ones left are people who are ok with the situation or do n't care . 
  thus the old regime feels even more comfortable . 
  and approval ratings go up , thanks to whiners who left . 
  i 'm neither russian , nor in russia , but i 've similar feelings to my country and nation as him . 
  i love my country/culture/nation / language/whatever . 
  i know i might live with more $ $ $ in a more prosper country . 
  but i feel grateful for the society that raised me who i am . 
  i want to give back and help raise more great people . 
  i enjoy speaking my language . 
  i see the weaknesses of my country and i want to fix it to leave a better place for the next generation . 
  like my parents ' generation fixed many things to give better place for me . 
  i see how my country is getting better year by year . 
  it 's awesome . 
  in addition to that , i see many things that are wrong both in my country and in other countries that i might move to . 
  in a country i was born in , i feel entitled to fix it . 
  i can say `` hey , this sucks , let 's fix it '' . 
  but if i were in a different country , i 'd feel like a guest , would just put up with the shit and carry on . 
  i 've moved abroad twice . 
  by the way , once to scotland  it was great experience . 
  but i enjoy being at home and that ownership feel much more than possibly better $ $ $ . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i remember i read somewhere that poland had their own tatars as well . 
  i wonder if poland tatars moved from lithuania to poland after some time or if they immigrated directly to poland . 
  another topic to google on some rainy evening , 
  just fyi , tatars were allowed to settle in lithuania before any unions between lithuania and poland , for service in lithuanian army . 
  poland army may have had a similar recruitment system too though , no idea about that . 
  not a hero , but radvila family is probably one of the most respected noble families of that time . 
  there were many reasons for that , not sure how big drop in a bucket is this one . 
  i see you 've read many theoretical papers , but have no clue how ussr worked irl . 
  do you ussr ? 
  they might be `` collective workers ownership '' or something according to some bullshit paper . 
  but de facto ( and i 'm pretty sure de jure ) they were state owned and workers did n't own even a small bit of the farm . 
  also . . for example in lithuania , the collective farms were just formed during 50s . 
  people were forced to give up their own land and move to collective farms . 
  they ( and their kids ) were n't allowed to move out from farms to the city . 
  the only way to get out was to marry someone living in a city or get into university . 
  that was loosened in 70s though . 
  sounds like awesome private initiative , 
  oh , so collective farms aka kolchoz was a private business ? 
  if you 're a troll - nice . 
  if not - i feel sorry about you . 
  the difference is that private business was not legalized in 60s as you said . 
  only small bits of private business were allowed in late 80s and ussr was gone by 90s . 
  so you got 75 % of your facts wrong . 
  the `` stealing and selling state property for profit '' came in to action after 85 . 
  it was consequence of unhappiness rather than cause of it . 
  the consumer prices were fixed all the time . 
  government companies never had autonomy to sell at whatever price they want to whoever they want . 
  dude . 
  private trading ( as virtually any private business ) was off-limits till ~ 85 . 
  it was sort of legalised in 85 i think .
