because the government wants you nice and wound up about islamic extremists, 
  i guess it 's just a case of how long can ukraine hold out before russia gets bored . 
  or how long will the eu stay interested, 
   the judge said it did not warrant a prison sentence . 
  god bless this judge and his graciousness . 
  now vital space in our prisons can be saved for those who really deserve it - imprisoning people who make jokes about madeleine mccann on twitter . 
  edit : a word, 
  at least they were n't trying to cure it using the bear 's [ bile ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bile_bear ), 
  say it like sean connery , even better, 
  he could also use it to call any magyar posters `` huns '' then post `` trianon '' over and over, 
  no - space is great , maybe they want to ban gays from space ? 
  i think i am , i 'd trade it all for just a few more megabits . 
  ironically , it would be the one government job in romania performed efficiently , 
  does rom\u00e2nia just hire some guy to monitor the internet and refute any claims that a country other than romania could have the fastest internet speed ? 
  do you take it in shifts ? 
  and space too . 
  space and gay-hate . 
  i think we have some funny law about flags here , i remember some guy got told to take down a pirate flag he put up for his kid 's birthday party . 
  i 'll see if i can find source . 
  add : here we go , http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/mobile/england/staffordshire/6735959.stm, 
  * volunteer fishermen *, 
  the government feel that time you 're wasting learning about its enemy 's culture and sexual health advice would be better spent meditating on the life of princess diana . 
  however if you still insist on having these ` parental controls ' removed it will simply require a small rectal examination . 
  just mark your front door with a cross or wave to the government surveillance camera in your room and your local ukip councillor will be around shortly to perform it . 
  that fox was a cunt , but that bear - dumb as shit man . 
  that bear needs to wise up . 
  i do n't know what the moral of that story was anyway , probably ` fuck foxes ' . 
  on a slightly related note : ( perhaps any romanians here can chime in ) as you know - to be called a `` fox '' in u.s / uk is a compliment , it means you 're cunning/sexy . 
  however my romanian wife tells me that apparently to be called a `` fox '' ( vulpea ) in romania is an insult , as the fox is a deceitful trickster barstard who eats your chickens . 
  do n't know if it 's true , but if so i think it shows the difference in the mindsets of capitalists and socialists . 
  here we go ... 
  i 'm english , but if this referendum goes to a ` yes ' and the british government try and back out , i will go fucking mental, 
  a german on the british throne , never !, 
  saxe-coburg and gotha, 
  i thought that was was how kings and generals greeted each other ? 
  this is r/europe bro , men kiss men for hello , we sauna together naked and we invented wrestling, 
  agreed , i 'm still pissed about iraq . 
  your comment got me reading about the kursk . 
  holy shit !, 
  did you know there was this women , [ nadezhda tylik ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nadezhda_tylik ) , whose son died on the kursk . 
  at a conference she was shouting at putin , but then security sedate her with a needle and syringe and carry her away . 
  all this happened in front of putin and you can see it all very clearly on [ video ] ( http://youtu.be/wxo7fpvhqki ) . 
  and , apparently , an unidentified russian officer said : * we are simply protecting the relatives from undue pain - it was for her own protection . 
  agreed , i think the army was incompetent not malicious . 
  but that was in 2000 , in the present the russian army is currently , maliciously subjugating a foreign nation . 
  you ca n't expect there to be much support for the russian armed forces . 
  ca n't there not be room for both , can not the russian army be both good and bad at times ? 
  obviously beslan was a tragedy , but what the russian army is doing in ukraine is also a tragedy . 
   good chance check you out . 
  i can admit i do n't know the intricacies of russian-chechen relations . 
  but i feel like the guys who took the hostages knew how it would all play out . 
  i do like a good \u0219ni\u021bel pane, 
  \u0219ef ( sh-ef ) in romanian means ` boss ' . 
  agreed , but i think that 's just because we 've grown up with it . 
  got ta be the same reason why the eastern europeans like tripe and the nordic countries like rotten fish or whatever . 
  the rapid growth and size of u.s industry is the main reason the allies won the war . 
  that , and the poor decisions from hitler 's mercury addled brain ... too much dolphin meat . 
  well they started out by turning up two years late to world war 2 and then finished it being the only country that financially made a profit . 
  seriously what the fuck denmark . 
  at 171 you could just move some dirt there yourselves, 
  yeah i should 've said `` classic putin '' instead . 
  this is cnn . 
  the russians have history of lone-wolfing it , remember in kosovo when we all entered the country as allied nations and the russians were like `` fuck this noise '' and tried to grab all the airports . 
  they were n't planning to conquer kosovo , just a desperate cry for attention and demand of relevance . 
  classically russian . 
  yeah , especially as the poles do n't have an old grudge to settle with russia neither, 
  i 'm glad an irish person has ok ` ed this , now i can enjoy the comment . 
  thanks  edit : that was n't meant to be sarcasm , feel genuine guilt over the years of british oppression of the irish . 
  ... and stuck permanently in 1922 !, 
  nice try viking, 
  english too , we just used to say `` prank me '' , `` i 'll prank him '' etc, 
  does it work ? 
  do you think it does ? 
  erm ... 
  i do n't know if you 're accepting requests , but me and the mrs always enjoy a rant about romania pretending to be latin . 
  very good sir , however i see from your comment history that you are still do not have the required number of arguments with hungarians , nor have you used the word `` mongol '', 
  i 'm here for 7 o'clock argument about trianon . 
  please may i have a window booth . 
  the auld alliance . 
  i think it 's something to do with ` escorts ' being legal , not prostitute ? 
  i think it 's more ` not illegal ' as opposed to legal, 
  and it 's in ukraine / belarus ? 
  is this a reenactment ? 
  it 's looks quite violent and awkward, 
  no , to do that you just have to mention the treaty of trianon, 
  pretty anti-communist poland , you know what 's also anti-communist ? 
  just not having statue of lenin at all, 
  sodomites everywhere !, 
  in / r/polandball the uk is often depicted as old and senile and living in the past . 
  as a brit i personally believe it is to do with us being a former empire . 
  up until the second world war we had the largest empire in the world , we were always ( quite rightfully ) at the top-table , involved in the big decisions . 
  i believe the public think britian should be up there alongside the usa , china and russia as equals , like it used to be . 
  obviously that 's not economically feasible , i feel like the uk continually bites off more than it can chew . 
  oddly though , we can be a top-table player in the eu ( if we start cooperating with them ) and the eu can stand alongside the usa , china and russia as an equal . 
  bravo rom\u00e2nia , we 're really proud of you . 
  if you beat the corruption , all the other problems will start to dissappear too, 
  is this like a flash mob or something ? 
  i have not met one fellow brit who can speak french . 
  we learn it in school for 3-5 years , yet none know anymore than how to say our name and where we live . 
  conversely i know tonnes of brits who speak hindi fluently as a second language .
