  is it possible that the army could form a protective ring around the protesters ? 
  thank you , i support the protesters , but saying : * `` if the protestors want to defend themselves with lethal means ... they are ... right to do so now '' * , does not help the situation . 
  this will only escalate the level of violence and the death toll and delay the resolution for either side . 
  at [ 1.24 ] ( http://youtu.be/0dxkdiacsf8?t=1m24s ) , has that guy been shot !, 
  well i think the russian state takes responsibility for the the employment of security officials at the games though . 
  the international olympic committee arranges the actual layout of the games , which sports , who hosts etc. 
  just to clarify , i think the ioc are separate from russia . 
  they 're the ones who made the long speech during the opening ceremony about tolerance for gay people . 
  can anyone translate what they 're saying around the 5:00 mark please , when the policeman is on the floor, 
  translation please, 
   river management powers to the eu ha ha , that is mental , like why would the evil eu care what we do with our rivers . 
  at this stage it seems easier to try and see what ukip supporters ** wo n't ** believe . 
  a romanian doctor who could n't get a job in germany more like . 
  just as long as the deviants do n't enjoy it, 
  dude , i do n't think you 're getting it , mostly all defence ministers have no military experience , male or female . 
  you 're thinking of the chief of the defence staff . 
  edit : also i do n't think a prudent leader would sack an otherwise well performing defence minister at the start of a conflict . 
  it would take a long time for the new defence minister to be brought up to speed on the last couple of years of the old defence minster 's work . 
  i just wrote this to someone else , but the uk has n't had a minister of defence with military experience since 1992 , tom king , and even then as part of his national service . 
  minster of defence is a bureaucratic role , which requires a politician , it 's probably not dissimilar from other ministerial roles . 
  perhaps you 're thinking of the role we would call the ` chief of the general staff ' , this is always a military position and they make decisions on procurement , strategy and capability . 
  i do n't know , but to perhaps add some context : the last time we had an ex-military defence minster in the uk was in 1992 , tom king as part of his national service . 
  that said , liam fox was a civilian gp to army personnel . 
  yes , and in fairness i did like it . 
  i 've seen : * california dreaming ( nesf\u00e2r\u0219it ) - so long !, 
  * police adjective - so boring * if i want to whistle , i whistle - boring and dumb * how i spent the end of the world - ok , but nothing happened * happiest girl in the world - good , funny * ursul - ok , bit like a grim romanian cannonball run . 
  * 4 months , 3 weeks - good film , but depressing as fuck . 
  * paper will be blue - ok , thought it would tell me more about the revolution though . 
  * domnule lazerescu - not as funny as i thought , was long , seemed like a documentary . 
  i feel like there are others . 
  anyway , i 'd say romanian new wave are often character focused dramas . 
  what i do n't like , is that they mostly have depressing overtones and there is never any character development . 
  all the plots involve : look at these people , introduce dilemma , dilemma unresolved , people remain same . 
  i do n't want to sound too harsh , there 's a big market for that sort of thing , and it obviously works . 
  unfortunately i do n't like these sort of films , but they 're the only romanian language films i can find . 
  dude really ? 
  i want to love romanian new wave , but i keep finding bum films . 
  the only one i 've liked so far is tales from the golden age , can you recommend any more ? 
  i would say to anyone who has n't seen it do n't read up on it just watch it . 
  this film was great , because the ` style ' of the film changes so much , i 'd say you actually go on a bit of a journey . 
  tower block ( british ) suprisingly good horror thriller about an apartment block 's tenants under seige from a mysterious sniper . 
  on netflix . 
  london 2012 : welcome to the united kingdom , enjoy the olympic games and please sample everything our fine country has to offer , we 're so happy to see you !, 
  london 2014 : fuck off back to where you came from gypsy cunt . 
  the uk has been killing foreign people continuously since 1998 , almost as soon as tony blair came into power . 
  myself personally , i am so ready for a long period of british pacifism . 
  but it 's hard to judge the mood of my countrymen , i feel like they are generally not very interested foreign affairs and are most concerned with saving money . 
  those two factors lead me to believe they are not supportive of more military action abroad . 
  i think/hope it 's harder to hate/kill someone if you can understand them . 
  slightly off-topic , but can you tell us some of the things you believe the putin administration has done wrong whilst in power . 
  what things do you think should 've been differently ? 
  except the eu is n't a single , massive nation , ruled by one political party . 
  oh god i really hope it does n't escalate to civil war , by my reckoning we 've had peace in europe 13 years . 
  if it does it will certainly be a test for european union , i 'd hope they could come through it as peacefully and professionally as possible . 
  i hope the eu does n't become another league of nations . 
  agreed , except the uk is also a country , made up of four countries ( eng , scot , wal , ni ) . 
  being a british citizen refers to being a member of the uk , and it is the uk that is the eu member . 
  this survey seems to be taken from british citizens regardless of their home countries . 
  besides all of these countries are still isolated from mainland europe on an island , so your question might be better suited as : do you feel like a member of the united kingdom ? 
  it 's hard to explain so check [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnu8xdbsn10 ) out . 
  it 's midnight , i 've just heard a guy walking down my street shout '' * you cunt ya * '' infiltration : accomplished, 
  for example the scandinavians have each other , the latinos , the slavs , the balkans and the baltic . 
  germany has liechtenstein , austria , luxembourg and switzerland , which france has too as well as monaco , belgium . 
  i must admit i did temporarily forget the republic of ireland , but that 's because my childhood conditioning tells me that if i dared to call ireland an ` anglo country ' a hundred angry leprechauns would throw rocks at me . 
  ha ha , no worries mate , your post cracked ( craiced ? ), 
  me up . 
  lets get down to brass tax here , fact is my country has given your country more votes at eurovision you barstards . 
  i know , i 'm not saying i agree with it , it 's just the way things are . 
  there 's a very much us-and-them attitude . 
  although i consider myself a european and wish the rest of the uk would embrace europe , i believe most of the uk does n't consider itself european . 
  partly because we 're an island nation , we only understand one language ( although ironically you all learnt our language ) . 
  and there are no other anglo countries in europe , i think we tend associate ourselves with countries like america , canada , australia and new zealand . 
  yeah i 'm hoping capaldi and finding gallifrey will provide a bit of a reboot instead . 
  clara made me realise how much i appreciated amy & rory , this stuff with clara is like twilight fan-fic . 
  smith 's first season was really solid , but i feel it 's been a steady decline since then . 
  tell you what , that day of the doctor special was really good though . 
  thank you , i have a lot of romanian friends in the uk . 
  their common complaint is that british people do n't know the difference between gypsies and `` ethnic romanians '' . 
  this is not the cure for the uk 's anti-romanianism . 
  we should n't stereotype anyone on grounds of race or nationality . 
  statistically there must be good gypsies out there somewhere . 
  conversely i always ask my `` ethnic romanian '' friends what makes a gypsy a gypsy ? 
  if a gypsy moves to the city , wears a suit , works 9-5 and abides the law , is he still a gypsy ? 
  what did you think of the last season of doctor who ? 
  so it 's an impossibility then ? 
  all jobs are equal ? 
  i thought he might of been like a guess host, 
  so why does that make it ok ? 
  if you continue to watch bullshit , they will just keep producing bullshit for us . 
  keeping people alive is a ` passion ' of mine , yet i manage to do without shouting at my colleagues . 
  people pay a lot of money for this sort of food because they 're the same as people who collect expensive art , or wine taste . 
  it 's just about bragging rights, 
  you 're the one who started with this crap  are the wordsies too naughty-waughty for your earsy-wearsies ? 
  now it just reads like you 're fucking crying all over your keyboard while you type . 
  i ca n't even understand your message . 
  if you want to know why i do n't like gordon ramsey , fuck off and read my other comments , i 'm not retyping them for you . 
  can i come to your eleventh birthday party ? 
  every program you 've seen him on he has produced in some way . 
  and every charitable act you 've seen or read about him has been designed so that you would see or read about it . 
  you do n't know him you know his image .
