  winner takes planet, 
  these people are actually happy to see you america . 
  see , does n't that feel nice ? 
  whatever we gain from america , they gain more from us . 
  if we ever stop being beneficial to them , they 'll drop us . 
  yes !, 
  not a muslim !, 
  you 're preaching to the choir buddy , i think europe 's got more important things to worry about such as eu inefficiency , financial collapse in member states and mother russia scratching at the back door . 
  perhaps they were outraged , however they do n't much political representation . 
  and i ca n't imagine the ambassador you mentioned would be outraged on their behalf . 
  i think the government 's stance is that gypsies are ` europe 's problem ' and not a romanian problem . 
  they 're very keen to point out that they 're not romanian , and to distance themselves . 
  edit , rv some words, 
  so which do you think is more important in establishing ethnicity ? 
  self identification ? 
  for example ` if he still sees himself as a gypsy he 's still a gypsy ' . 
  or , the acceptance of the rest of the ethnic group ? 
  ` romanians view integrated gypsies as romanians ' . 
  or would you say it is 50/50 equal , requires both ? 
  also what do you think of this interesting [ story ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-21668541 ) ? 
   i would be indistinguishable from a gypsy . 
  agreed , but would that make you , ethnically , a gypsy ? 
  i 'm not trying to trick you , i curious to see how you view it . 
  i 've always been curious to see how romanians respond to the question ` when does a gypsy stop becoming a gypsy ? ', 
  is it a lifestyle choice ? 
  if a gypsy integrates 100 % , is he still a gypsy ? 
  if so , why ? 
  add : a [ link ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-21668541 ) , what do you think of this story ? 
  a soviet conscript who was left in afghanistan for 33 years , can no longer speak russian , has afghan name . 
  what ethnicity is he ? 
  so it 's possible for a romanian or gypsy to switch ethnic groups by changing their language , traditional practice ? 
  yeah sorry , i should 've expanded on my use of the word ` blurred ' . 
  of course , i know romanians and roma are two distinct ethnic groups . 
  however some romanians ( not you ) believe they 're genetically identical to the daco-romans of 2000 years ago . 
  so my comment was more aimed at them . 
  just to be clear , i like vlad tepes , i 'm not whining about him . 
  i think others complain about him because he 's known as ` vlad the impaler ' . 
  if he did n't have that title , no one would care . 
  the dracula myth does n't help much either . 
  add : a sentence, 
  i think in the context of the times , vlad tepes was no more cruel or unusual than any other national leader . 
  for instance henry v , one of england 's greatest kings , inflicting terrible suffering on the residents of harfleur in a war of aggression . 
  ca n't rebuff with valid points , or even any evidence ? 
  better to just resort to name-calling then . 
   you 're not from here are you . 
  you even speak like stereotypical racist  the only one pretending to be ubermensch is you . 
  that makes no sense  they may have fucked , but they generally do n't mix . 
  you have no clue what you 're talking about . 
  it is you who are deluded my friend , 700 years and no racial integration ? 
  lol . 
  i do n't think you know what trolling is, 
  if you 're asking me not to read your comment , seems like it ca n't have much value . 
  strange you want me to come off my high horse and put myself in your shoes , and you 're not even willing to speak to me . 
  romanians and gypsies have lived alongside each other since the 1300 's , so i 'm pretty sure some of them have fucked each other and had kids . 
  sorry to burst your bubble there ubermensch, 
   the common knowledge is that they are lazy and cunning . 
  is this racism ? 
  yes , that is exactly racism . 
  depends who you ask . 
  ` ethnic romanians ' believe they 're descended from the dacians and the romans . 
  conversely they believe the roma are originally from india . 
  all this stuff happened thousands of years ago , so i 'm sure the genetics have been blurred . 
  it 's hard to reason with you , because you are a racist . 
  to begin with : the rest of us do n't see the race , but the individual . 
  for example : there are certainly bad gypsies , but there are also certainly some good gypsies . 
  we do n't believe a person 's race affects their behaviour . 
  that 's why when you wanted to rebuff / u/britzer comment , the first thing you thought was ` german = nazi ' . 
   his comment was that romanians should not say they 're not gypsies because that makes them racist . 
  [ not even close ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/308azm/jeremy_clarkson_to_be_sacked_by_the_bbc/cpq51ch ) . 
  what he 's saying ( and what we all agree with ) , is that it is hypocritical to complain about prejudice whilst taking part in it yourselves . 
  you believe that all gypsies are thieves etc etc , which is prejudice . 
  you 're then complaining that europe is prejudiced against you , labelling you all as gypsies ( you 're right , this is prejudice also ) . 
   and why the hell do romanians need to extol any virtues just to be regarded as normal people . 
  the victim complex is strong with this one . 
  do you really believe yourself when you talk like this . 
  even for one of the eu 's poorest members , romanian 's live comparatively affluently . 
  the only risk i see here of an ethnic group being treated as sub-human is gypsies ironically . 
  it 's when you examine poisonjoey 's comment , word for word , i ca n't really make sense of it . 
  he starts of with a fact ( as he claims ) :  there are alot of prejudices against gypsies in romania but then says we should ` get off our high horse ' etc. 
  is he attempting to justify prejudice ? 
  or ...  ** portrayed ** as some piece of shit backwards racist country is he saying this is n't true , a western european lie ? 
  i have n't got a clue what he 's trying to say , i do n't think he has either . 
  so are you saying romania is * ` piece of shit backwards racist country ' * or is n't ? 
  the actions of his ancestors are irrelevant , what matters are the actions of the individual , this is why you sound racist . 
  your ancestors also mass exterminated gypsies and even enslaved them in the 1800 's . 
  you should defend romanians by extolling your people 's virtues , instead of simply blaming everything on the gypsies and saying ` we 're not them ' . 
  i often find myself defending romanians to my fellow countrymen . 
  it really guts me to know that a xenophobe like you is amongst a group of people i try to stick up for . 
  edit : a word, 
  mate , the only one coming off here as racist is you . 
  and if you think this german guy 's ` nazi ancestry ' ( how do you know his ancestor is n't schindler ? ), 
  is relevant - i should remind you romania was allied to nazi germany and had an active role in the holocaust with pogroms and it 's own concentration camps . 
  and whereas germany has had 70 years of re-education to rid itself of racism , romania only acknowledged it 's role in the holocaust in 2006 . 
  so you know , do n't throw stones in glass houses, 
  mate , that is a common romanian logic-fail . 
  they complain about being stigmatised as gypsies , but in that same sentence stigmatise gypsies themselves . 
  there 's a campaign i donated to on indiegogo to make a counter film to ` the romanias are coming ' called '13 shades of romanian ' . 
  i 'm gon na pissed if it just turns out to be an anti-gypsy film as opposed to a pro-romanian film . 
  is that what the punch was actually over ? 
  yeah , like nothing of value can be construed from this chart .
