  you do n't think he was just planning on going into prisons , giving up his time to train and hire convicts and then had to say to tv execs `` well gee , i suppose you guys can film it if you want , i had n't even thought of that , do you think anyone would even want watch it ? '', 
  erghh it 's the bullshit i ca n't stand . 
  all the hissy fits in the kitchen . 
  i work in a hospital where life and death decisions are made , no one would act how he does during a resus . 
  these chefs perpuate this illusion that working in a kitchen is a high stakes job , when really it 's just cooking people dinner , calm down . 
  my bad , sorry , was thinking of gordon ramsey, 
  fuck me you 're right , sorry everyone , wrong gordon . 
  but notice how you knew who i was talking about anyway, 
  i do n't get it , the americans love him , yet he 's regarded as an a - class prick here . 
  i think they have trouble seeing through his sentimental publicity stunts . 
  well obviously not now , but he said the joke was set in the seventies , and the communists had some pretty ` quirky ' schemes , so it was more just asking for confirmation on my behalf . 
  either douchebag banker or douchebag phone shop guy, 
   suffocating me with a romanian flag shame the press ca n't get in , would 've made a good photo . 
  this is reminds me of the plot from avatar , except no happy ending, 
  fuck me , i never even realized this , maybe this is a meta joke about how stupid slovaks are . 
  not that they rape monkeys , but the fact they go around telling jokes where they rape monkeys . 
   `` letting something slide '' is roughly translated to `` closing your eyes to something '' we also close one eye at each other , we call it [ winking ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wink ) . 
  except in the uk , we wink at girls if we fancy them and if we wink at another man it 's normally just after we 've taken the piss out of them and we 're indicating that no real offence was intended . 
  does a wink mean the same thing in romania ? 
  i had to get my girlfriend to help me out with your last joke . 
  i can attempt to translate it for english readers :  a hungarian ask a romanian shepherd , `` what 's the difference between a problem and a catastrophe ? '', 
   the shepherd :  `` if all my sheep die it 's a problem , but not a catastrophe . 
  now , if a bomb dropped on budapest ( hungarian capital ) it 's a catastrophe sure , but it 's not a problem . '', 
   the fact that this joke needs explaining makes it ` highbrow ' in my book . 
  absolutely agreed . 
  i understand it now , i think what confused me was the names , i did n't know what nationality they indicated . 
  in the uk , we usually say * `` an englishman , scotsman and an irishman '' * . 
  this one took me a little time to `` get '' as well , i take there are no 75 bills and 49 lei coins ? 
  aw man , these fucking romanian onions are making me tear up here , i 'd like to go to pungesti one day ( if there 's anything left ) , as i have n't been to moldova yet . 
  i wonder if it 's the same as when i hear them say * cheers mate * , a very london way of saying thank you, 
  is the joke that you should expect romanian workmanship to be shoddy ? 
  like pista should 've known the bridge will collapse . 
  is pista like bula ? 
  also it was n't me who downvoted you , you 're my friend who teaches me more about romania, 
  what 's the deal with ' * mul\u021bam fain * ' ? 
  i speak romanian , poorly obviously , yet my girlfriend and her family just accept that i routinely butcher your language without surprise . 
  however she taught me to say ' * mul\u021bam fain * ' and they still piss themselves laughing whenever i say it , they always get me to say it when they have romanian company . 
  they 're from timi\u0219 if that helps . 
  ha ha , please would you mind writing them in romanian , they 're hilarious , my romanian colleagues will laugh if i tell them . 
  i could try to translate them myself , but it 'd probably lose something . 
  i do n't get it, 
  it 's even funnier if you read it with a borat accent, 
  would love to hear some ukrainian jokes about moldova please . 
  is that even a joke , not much of a punchline . 
  just sounds really hateful , maybe something is lost in the translation . 
  are there even any monkeys in slovakia ? 
  those are the most high brow romanian jokes i 've heard . 
  wanting to keep the europeans away so they can fiddle with south america . 
  great answer , very informative . 
  although i 'd say that u.s. imposes it 's will on more than just the western hemisphere . 
  wow , the next time i 'm listening to russians bang on about the imperialist west i 'll keep kaliningrad in my mind . 
  ] ( http://media0.giphy.com/media/ekuvb9ufnm2xe/giphy.gif ), 
  i think it 's for the film you see a clip of , as when you follow the link to www.coolmenschool.com it takes you to the movie 's website, 
  do you know what they 're called in romania ? 
  am weak man , googled [ how to eat sunflower seeds ] ( http://www.wikihow.com/eat-sunflower-seeds ) . 
  my point is what makes someone a gypsy ? 
  what if someone is born into a gypsy family , but leaves and gets any office job , wears suits and pays rent , is he still a gypsy ? 
  or what if an ` ethnic romanian ' turns to life of stealing , trickery , bad taste and a love of manele , is he still an ` ethnic romanian ' by the infinite law of the universe there must be some good gypsies out there , conversely there are definitely some bad ethnic romanians . 
  i 've got no problem with people hating thieves who act like arseholes , but that 's who they should complain about . 
  when i hear this ` ethnic romanians ' not being the same as the gypsies , it reminds me of some nazi eugenics shit, 
  what makes a gypsy a gypsy ? 
  what the shit dude , i packed up my suitcase , murdered my lord , ready to denounce the crown and then all of a sudden i read [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/1rwlil/16_year_old_arrested_for_online_comments/ ) !, 
  not long now you lucky jock , never thought i 'd be jealous of your imminent secession from the union . 
  how the tables have turned , i hope you 'll protect your internet unlike us ( england ), 
  i for one welcome an influx of the most beautiful women on the planet, 
  take on me ** is ** great, 
  subtle, 
  what are they using for energy instead ? 
  are they just burning coal ? 
  wow , actually a little bit flattered . 
  we 're no match for you now of course, 
  did n't even think russia noticed us . 
  do you hate us because we are america 's presence in europe ? 
  i 'm imagining a dystopian future where the bulgarian-romanian empire conquer the world . 
  well we 're your grovelling lap dog bitch now , so well done, 
  yo , wassup fellow promanian ? 
  looking good buddy !, 
  when are you guy 's gon na start arguing about the treaty of trianon ? 
  i 've got to go out soon and i do n't want to miss it !, 
  classic germany , too good to have one of us as a rival , have to pick themselves instead, 
  shut up polan !, 
  we had some good times, 
  i 'm guessing none of them will be super-strength or ` hawk-vision ', 
  hon hon hon, 
  stick a shit moustache on him , and you 've got president assad, 
  every year , finland are just great at eurovision !, 
  * ` but that 's not gon na stop me from gettin outraged and throwing around muh ' opinions on a sub about yoorup ' *, 
  are there any other westerners here who are starting to miss the soviet union ? 
  logic abandoned these lands a long time ago, 
  shut up denmark, 
  except we still do !, 
  german sausage is the fucking best sausage , any self respecting englishman will tell you that, 
  * now we ca n't even serve british food in our ` immigration deportation centres ' , what 's this country coming to ? 
  traffic warden on the right there, 
  british here : oh the irony ... 
  truly romania is the most tolerant country in europe !, 
  edit : lol jk they 're awful, 
  like i said , victim complex . 
  question was perfectly neutral . 
   you know ... like britain does with the crown jewels .
