  victim complex much ? 
  you might of also noticed my flair says ` promanian ', 
  the fact you 've answered my neutral question with talk of stereotypes says more about your prejudices than it does mine . 
  thought exercise : what would romania do with all the returned gold ? 
  [ we do n't want your cheap exports spiderman !, 
  ] ( http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/11116/111163080/3823542-kingpintas.jpg ), 
  i think if your piece of shit country wanted to pretend it was important by taking part in the invasion of iraq , then it should take some responsibility for refugees escaping isis . 
  you think the americans would go to nuclear war for estonia , because of a treaty . 
  anyone on planet earth who does n't want to learn dutch is a lazy piece of shit, 
  like anyone can understand that shit, 
  fucking beautiful elvish people , fuck you dutch !, 
  why ca n't you be bitter and full of hate like the rest of us !, 
  this article and facts therein offend my white anglo privilege and i request that the nationalities be switched immediately . 
  classic expat behaviour , goes to a new country , does n't bother learning the language . 
  bloody immigrant . 
  i 'm glad you 're romanian , as i was wondering how to pronounce this . 
  so what 's this called in romanian ? 
  calm down guys , i 'm sure they also had no problems ripping off basement dwellers in america, 
  i think this proves that any sort of ` special relationship ' the uk has with the us is purely novelty for them . 
  how could we ever be viewed on equal terms with a country that large . 
  grecian here : is there anyway i can spend myself out of this situation ? 
  greece actually living up to it 's polandball counterpart `` i haet you , gib moneys plox '', 
  lol anyone notice how the non-irish commenter is more nationalistic/unmoderate about ireland than the actual irish users here . 
  ireland : your good people, 
  mfw i find out i 'm a germanic prostitute, 
  did n't realise farag bothered going to european parliament, 
  * `` the ships is still sinking sure , but at least i get to go down with it as the captain !, 
  nice job hungary , wish a little bit of this would float south to romania, 
  yeah and even then i knew of people in civil partnerships who referred to themselves as married and the ceremony a wedding, 
  baltic states , you 're gon na have to come to terms with that shit if you want to join europe, 
  op has victim complex ? 
  bloody beautiful sea-elves, 
  no i mean in the netherlands , you must have lots of canals right ? 
  i just watched a program about that , clever shit . 
  you must have to have shit loads of canals though right ? 
  make sure you bury those mines deep , i hear immigrants can tunnel like moles, 
  machine gun turrets as well, 
  who was driving the bus ? 
  or if your the ones doing the invading, 
  fellow brits , if you 're undecided i strongly suggest you watch [ poland 's eurovision entry from 2014 ] ( https://youtu.be/vj920cn2hma ) ... [ come on !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zerqd0tk8h0 ), 
  here 's the mod you would 've had under proportional representation ... 
  learn to reddit . 
  or learn to take it when you get caught out trying to go back to your posts and editing them . 
  either will suffice . 
  [ fuck off you twat ] ( https://youtu.be/7tjfgeerp5q ), 
  reddit pro-tip , if you 're going to go back and edit your posts , highlight your changes . 
  for example : edit : and yes , finland has won with odd things before , but as far as oddities goes , rock music is n't the least mainstream of the bunch . . 
  that was my wife 's favourite, 
  you know finland has won won it with a [ hard rock band ] ( https://youtu.be/gah9nrgnhuu ) before ? 
  evidently the style of music is n't problem . 
  the song sucked and was the shortest in eurovision , ever . 
  but i 'll let someone else sum it up better for me : * `` i have a mentally handicapped sibling so am naturally moved by their personal story . 
  we should all applaud their efforts -- and their team 's efforts -- to fight the invisibility that plagues people with special needs . 
  however , umk is a song contest and we have to evaluate the song . 
  in their number screams replace any sort of chorus , and shrieks fill the gaps in between . 
  this is not music . 
  it 's noise with a good backstory '' *, 
  are you kidding , i love that song , i even listen to it without the video . 
  the butter churners were definitely an enhancement though . 
  plus i like native language songs , it 's something different . 
  romania 's song is growing on me . 
  the jury will cane you though if you do n't sing in english . 
  good for her then, 
  was she the girl who 's been trying to get into the eurovision for a while now ? 
  the kiss right ? 
  so phoney/cheesy/scripted , maybe if they 'd just done it in the final they might of fooled some people . 
  in reality i bet those two hate each other . 
  even worse they 'll probably feel compelled to publicly date for a while after this . 
  surprising as we have more polish , germans , french , italians than lithuanians . 
  i liked it anyway , and i 'm not an immigrant . 
  they used to be 12s !, 
  what happened malta , are we not good enough for you anymore , have you outgrown us ? 
  we gave you 5 points , we 're a country with nuclear weapons and we gave you , malta , 5 points !, 
  poor old ukraine , ca n't enter the competition because they 're throwing every penny they have at fighting off an invasion by russia . 
  meanwhile russia nearly win the thing with a song ironically about peace . 
  the commentary is half the fun/ball ache, 
  i think it 's a leftover from the days before we had the semi finals . 
  before your country had to achieve so many points otherwise you would n't be invited back next year . 
  therefore nobody bothered voting for the power countries as they were coming back anyway . 
  thanks man , i was on mobile and did n't want to have to upload that myself . 
  can someone do the star trek gif too, 
  it 's the algorithm , they released the points in an order that makes it exciting , were you ca n't tell who the winner is for as long as possible . 
  yeah that 's how i felt . 
  i kind of wanted that too , really turned up to 11 as well . 
  but then i felt worried about all the gay eurovision fans travelling in russia, 
  genuinely surprised ireland did n't qualify . 
  you guys would 've done nicely just because of referendum results . 
  the song was good anyway too, 
  if any of us get the chance to read out the points at eurovision , please shut the fuck up and be quick, 
  thanks . 
  just found our the the rest of the uk televoted for lithuania , which is the one i voted for too , just because i liked it . 
  it must 've resonated with british ears, 
  so were most of russia 's votes from televoters ? 
  always love finland at eurovision . 
  except this year , this year they went full ` you-know ' and you know what they say : ` never go full ` you-know '' . 
  should 've gone half ` you-know ' like serbia or poland . 
  erghh imagine what a u.s entry would sound like, 
  tbh we probably owe you more . 
  sorry for being nazis to you guys for so long,
