  and georgia well you have kebab and a bear for your bigger neighbours . 
  and another smaller dictatorship . 
  though i am not sure about armenia . 
  i would like to visit your country sometime . 
  i have heard a lot of nice things from my friends who have visited already . 
  i hope we will see you closer to the europe . 
  * how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  5 to 6 days a week , 2 to 5 hours a day . 
  * how often do you visit / r/europe ? 
  everytime i am on reddit . 
  * what country are you normally resident in ? 
  i am residing in lithuania . 
  * do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  [ europass language level measurement thingy ] ( https://europass.cedefop.europa.eu/lt/resources/european-language-levels-cefr ) russian : understanding at b2 , writing at a2 , speaking at a1 polish : understanding at a1 , writing below a1 , speaking below a1 lithuanian at c2 * what interests you about europe ? 
  i mostly am looking for diffrent perspectives of any subject . 
  it fascinates me how diffrent we think and yet the majority of us are in the union . 
  * what are your favourite and least favourite things about / r/europe ? 
  my favourite thing : redditors , least favourite thing : redditors . 
  * do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  as a reddit moderator , no . 
  only in a few smaller lithuanian forums . 
  * why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  i want my nickname as well as lithuanian flag under moderators list . 
  but with all seriousness i despise aggresive or offenisve comments . 
  * why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  i like to have power . 
  well , no , not really . 
  usually when i am doing something , i am serious about it . 
  * do you have any expirence with statistics , datamining or reddit bots ? 
  only with statistics . 
  * what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) ? 
  it had to be split up to a smaller topics . 
  * what 's one weakness you have ? 
  when it comes to the internet forums ( especially with serious ones ) - emotions and the sense of affiliation . 
  it clounds your ability to understand ~ ~ both ~ ~ all sides . 
  * would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  i presume this is a tricky question ? 
  while one horse sized duck sounds scary ( do you know how hard ducks can bite ? ), 
  i would rather fight one big instead of many small ones . 
  * what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why [ pussycat ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pussycat_ ( band \\ ) ) is a dutch band form netherlands , which was lead by kowalczyk sisters . 
  kowalczyk is probably polish surname . 
  dutch and polish are european nations . 
  yes , i just googled europe pussy cat ... and the all-knowing teacher , ** the internet ** bestowed me with this knowledge . 
  i second that . 
   seriously ? 
  the most powerful country in the world until ww2 uk ? 
  the first industrialized country uk ? 
  the most resource-colonies until 60 's uk ? 
  the world trade routes master uk ? 
  right uk , because you are missing the point even if i gave you an example of the other country , like bosnia . 
   to industrialize like finland did it right , thank you for industrializing us . 
  you know what your factories did ? 
  whole lot of nothing . 
  most of them if not all are closed down or reorganised for other purposes . 
  the point is that there is no such thing as single way to economic prosperity . 
   forest , metallurgy , car industry -- and all other heavy industry would just not be possible in such small countries with inexistent natural resources . 
  tell that o the uk . 
  since the end of the ww2 uk 's car industry was running on brasilian iron resouces . 
  it is not that uk does not have the resources itself though . 
   not be possible in such small countries with inexistent natural resources . 
  wrong again . 
  we do have some iron ore . 
  i bet that 734 + mln . 
  ton ( with a purity of 47 -- 62 % ) would be enough for at least a small car factory . 
  which i believe would would suffice for us . 
  but the elephant in the room her actaully is the quality of produtcs and the develpment price / build price as well as the market share it could hold . 
  as it stands now , we do n't need domestically made cars . 
   how can you prove system fault with statistics when not in optimal experimental conditions ? 
  the thing is that we do n't need optimal conditions . 
  economy is a science with its main field revolving around people . 
  and people are unpredictable . 
  for instance , it is very risky to invest in russia , even if it has huge potential , because investors can not predict what russian authority might do next day . 
  therefore statisticaly it is very risky to invest at the moment . 
  who knows what the stituation will be in a year or so . 
   3rd world country with market economy there are no 3rd world countries with market economies . 
  most of them are mixed economies . 
   south korea and western germany received substantial aid for political reasons . 
  firstly , there is no such thing as western germany anymore . 
  the support is kind of a hit or miss . 
  for example if you invest your given support to the social sector ( pensions , social aid , guarantees , etc. ), 
  like greece did , you are just burning that money . 
  it is nothing more when a waste . 
  they even sang about it in [ the eurovision ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3k2mojokkg ) . 
  on the other hand if you invest in the infrastructure , or quality of education . 
  you are guaranteeing yourself some sizable ... dividends , if you will . 
   because when applied in practice just too many factors too actually say ` what if ' . 
  scientithic theory dismisses ` what if ' cases as if they did n't existed . 
  unless it has some inpact on other outcomes . 
  any and all studies or comparisons do use scientithic theory as basis . 
   for example , what makes you thing that lithuania if you had n't have the soviet system would be richer in 1991 than it was ? 
  here is a history lesson :  on 16 february 1918 , the council of lithuania passed a resolution for the re-establishment of the independent state of lithuania . 
  [ 15 ] soon , many economic reforms for sustainable economic growth were implemented . 
  a national currency , called the lithuanian litas , was introduced in 1922 . 
  it proved to become one of the most stable currencies in europe during the inter-war period . 
  [ 15 ] during the time of its independence , 1918 -- 1940 , lithuania made substantial progress . 
  for example , lithuania was the second in the world in exporting flax ; lithuanian farm products such as meat , dairy products , many kinds of grain , potatoes , etc. 
  were of superior quality in the world market .
