  * thank you turkey for kebabs . 
  * thank you latvia for being awesome neighbour . 
  * thank you belarus for your shopping here . 
  * thank you poland for your cheap food products . 
  * thank you ~ ~ estonia ~ ~ sweden for rimi ( it 's way better than our maxima ) . 
  * thank you iceland for being the first . 
  * thank you russia for letting us go . 
  * thank you germany for your cars . 
  * thank you greece for being scapegoat if it 's not you it would be us or romania and bulgaria . 
  * thank you france for beautiful language . 
  * thank you italy for pasta and samantha cristoforetti she always posts very beutiful pictures . 
  * thank you slovakia for cheap mountain tours . 
  and how do you imagine migrant camps in other countries are ? 
  the willingness to live in our country is entirely different matter . 
  we accept refugees here , to offer a refugee from war and if they are caught in , for example estonia or poland , germany or sweden while being allowed to live in lithuania they can be deported for all i care . 
  with your train of thought do n't start crying if west does nothing for ukraine . 
  because , you know , it is not a neighbour . 
  for your information we do have refugee camps here in lithuania . 
  and i for one am for helping mediterranean countries by sharing the responsibility . 
  yes we may not be able to take a lot of them , but that does not matter . 
  there was a [ discussion ] ( http://www.15min.lt/naujiena/aktualu/komentarai/a-500-495459 ) recently to help ukrainians who fled thier country , but we ca n't accept syrians ? 
  that 's some double standarts right there . 
  edit : typo, 
  please explain me `` the great war of russian nation '' thing then . 
  well for a shithole they do drive a lot of 7 to 10 year old cars . 
  i can tell because lots of belarusians come to vilnius for shopping everyday . 
  i would n't be surprised if they had a good healthcare system . 
  edit : typo, 
  your politics would cry about opression over russian minorities . 
  as they always do . 
  imo , beer and diet do not mix well . 
  well , thank you for one thing . 
  even though i 'm using samsung ( not sure if it uses glonass , but somehow i would n't be surprised if it did ) . 
  also , we use your old trains . 
  u no like trains ? 
  it 's a shame your goverment banned eu goods . 
  now your choices are limited , and you liked lithuanian ones so much . 
  this is priceless . 
  thank you !, 
  you would n't want to use anything made in russia for commercial or public use . 
  i 'm sorry but could you do some math for me ? 
  there are uncertain number of people executed , and some clues sugget that around 350000 lithuanians were deported from thier home country to gulags in siberia . 
  for instance , there were nearly 2.6 million lithuanians in 1950 . 
  again , what is the percentage ? 
  yes , just to be deported to the siberia for having your own land or being any kind of serviceman or even any kind of intellectual . 
  or even worse - executed . 
  how dnr is relevant here ? 
  he will never leave . 
  his mind will be transferred to a super computer , locked away in a mausoleum , deep underground inside a super-vault with lenin 's body . 
  he will rule russian society from the shadows . 
  but we do have euro . 
  japanophi ... wait what ? 
  imo , best news since 2004 . 
  thanks obama . ^ i ^ know ^ i 'm ^ clever ^ hue ^ hue, 
  so georious !, 
  i believe you can buy a pair of lovely looking woolen gloves near french embassy . 
  it is not you who needs into nordic . 
  it seems we are faster into nordic . 
  we are there for the clay not for rotation . 
  im not saying that our president is bad , she is cool in her own way , but your president ... he rocks . 
  literally . 
  we lithuanians do not wait in the plebeian queues . 
  thanks . 
  even though 52 % of applicants thinks that we should help refugees of war . 
  can you post a source ? 
  but we need need syrian von braun to build us a rocket to conquer the moon . 
  c-can i into asylum seekers ? 
  take my money, 
   one reason : refugees are dissapointed by the salary oh please come to lithuania . 
  to eastern part of eu for that matter . 
  you might like it here . 
  knowing that suomi kind of close with eesti , while eesti is most of the times considered baltic , not nordic . 
  + the running joke of estonia wanting into nordic . 
  it 's a matter if / r/yurop americans would use it . 
  but the joke ... you missed it . 
  go catch it . 
   my beloved nordic fellows in no particular order why u no liek eesti ? 
  there is / s somewhere . 
  actually i posted this for the exact reason , that we in lithuania have this homophobia thing as well . 
  i do n't see it as laughing matter . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxlagbg9qkm ) you go !, 
  you might like it . 
   in 1989 , 23 percent of respondents thought disabled children should be liquidated and another 9 percent said they should be separated from society . 
  now , 2 percent advocate liquidation and 4 percent want separation . 
  this actually shocked me the most . 
  i am sorry did you said [ something ] ( http://imgur.com/iwj1lsn ) ? 
  i found this hilarious . 
  i hope you do aswell . 
  someone did call us ` warmongering ' if that counts as evil . 
  now imagine warmongering lithuania . 
  i believe you heard that we plan to buy pzh 2000s . 
  this tuesday we signed a deal to buy those and few support and command vehicles as well . 
  what 's up with all these topics about lithuania today ? 
  we bought some combat vehicles and sudenly we are important ? 
  now that 's how you do it , estonia . 
  i bet you could afford some crappy house for 11000 $ in lithuania . 
  try comparing this event to crimean annexation . 
  it has a lot of similarities . 
  though , klaip\u0117da had huge lithuanian minority . 
  some even argue that lithuania smuggled fire arms to the territory before the revolt .
