  [ 15 ] [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_lithuania ) judging from the direction lithuania was going at the time , it is estimated the lithuania would be around benelux country level . 
   also why lithuania right now is not as rich as it should , when even after most devastating wars most countries under stable had recovered in under 10 years ? 
  the key word key word here is * recovered * . 
  one might argue that after years of occupation we did n't have the direction of recovery . 
  i 'll just leave another quote from wiki for contrast . 
   having taken advantage of favorable international developments , and driven by its foreign policy aims directed against lithuanian statehood , the union of soviet socialist republics ( ussr ) occupied lithuania in 1940 . 
  [ 16 ] land and the most important objects for the economy were nationalized , and most of the farms collectivized . 
  [ 15 ] later , many inefficient factories and industry companies , highly dependent on other regions of ussr , were established in lithuania . 
  despite that , in 1990 , gdp per capita of the lithuanian soviet socialist republic was $ 8,591 , which was above the average for the rest of the soviet union of $ 6,871 but lagging behind developed western countries . 
  there is one but : protectionism does not ban the imports of certain goods . 
  and yes before you say that in this situation it is a restriction , not a ban , because they ban access to imported goods only when there is more than two producers . 
  while , yes it is true , that this is protectionism , but if it is the state owned said producers of goods , then one could argue that it is nothing less than a ban of foreign goods and with a protection for someones personal gain . 
  o wait . 
  that is how russia works ... 
   are you like 90 years old ? 
  no , but we have this thing called statistics . 
  funny thing though , lithuanian western-sceptics claim it 's falsified . 
  although they ca n't support thier claim somehow . 
  strange ... 
   you do n't need to be , but it helps . 
  what you need to have is the capital and the abilities to lead a business all other things can be bought . 
  for example , you are not pharmaceutical expert , but you can hire one , or two or a team of 20 . 
  you need machinery ? 
  you buy it , in russia , you buy it abroad , it hire a team to develop the tools you need . 
  the capital is the only key ingredient here , capital and your capacity not to fuck up . 
  that sounds so simple . 
  thanks , now i am going to open some factories . 
   in my personal opinion planned economy can be much more efficient thanks for the discussion , we can stop here . 
  i would discuss it , but after i saw what planned economy did to lithuania i will refrain from this entertainment . 
  well , at least it is not your fault . 
   since anyone can start such factory provided they have required capital , therefore it 's not completely state-regulated . 
  i am not sure about you , but i am not pharmaceutical expert , therefore i could ' t start such factory . 
  since i lack knowledge and technology . 
  and how may , do you thing , there are people in russia who has necessery skills/knowledge to make such factory function and produce effective medicine successfuly ? 
   the law only affects governmental purchases . 
  which i presume is majority purchases for certain goods . 
  well congratulations , it is not planned economy yet . 
  i hear you . 
  [ here is the full song from the video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nh34bwqja1s ) i 'll try to traslate lithuanian part of the lyrics . 
  it would be very cool if anyone would do the same for latvian and estonian parts . 
   three sisters slumbering by the sea  shackles , despair constricting them  wandering like a begger by the sea  spirit of the nations honor  but the bell of fate reverberates again  and the sea ruffles the waves  three sisters from slumber rises now  to defend thier honor  waking of baltic , waking of baltic ,  lithuania , latvia , estonia !, 
  while this is like baltic version of scorpion 's `` wind of change '' i feel like sharing the lithuanian equivalent for `` the wall '' by pink floyd it is [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zfkwlfdpaye ) . 
  and i am sorry if you think if it is not as good as the wall . 
  well it hold a lot of meaning . 
  yes , and forcing your chosen factories to produce chosen something goods does not make it planned economy . 
  next time , atleast try to refrain from russian/slavic username . 
  for everyones info reditski roughly translates as reditian or redditor . 
  troll factories has lots of improvement to do . 
  i hear belarus is having an election this year . 
  i wonder how big of an ego belorussians have . 
  so it 's state regulated market ? 
  this surely will go well ... 
  it already did ... once . 
  look how rich eastern european countries are now . 
  [ this ? 
  nooo !, 
  do n't take the pickles . 
  you monsters you took lithuanian pickles ... 
  please do !, 
  we welcome everyone . 
  thank you for this thread . 
  it is a nice refresher . 
  atm , i am at work , making plans for today . 
  probably will go shoot some photos of the sunset or something . 
  here 's hendry saying hello from trakai , lithuania !, 
  tomorrow will make photos . 
  leaving this here as a reminder . 
  printing mistakes were made . 
  i would n't be surprised if he was irish or latvian !, 
  but , you , eesti , ca n't into nordic !, 
  space stuff and literature . 
  i know it is out of topic but how does general public in belarus sees its neighbours ? 
  namely , poland , ukraine , russia , latvia and lithuania ? 
  more of glorious yurop in to space !, 
  kaunas - warsaw construction works started early last year if i am not mistaken . 
  atleast on lithuanian side . 
  though you are right , we do n't know what the top limit will be . 
  oh do you mean mykolas teslauskas ? 
  15min . lt just search for a tag ` norvegija ' . 
  this is our theory , not yours !, 
  keep your hands of it . 
  yet again lithuania overtakes eesti . 
  you might want to overthink your strategy , nordic . 
  here is lithuanian : * english - lithuanian - meaning * monday - pirmadienis - the first day . 
  * tuesday - antradienis - the second day . 
  * wednesday - tre\u010diadienis - the third day . 
  * thursday - ketvirtadienis - the fourth day . 
  * friday - penktadienis - the fifth day . 
  * saturday - \u0160e\u0161tadienis - the sixth day . 
  * sunday - sekmadienis - this one is made up . 
  it means nothing or atleast i ca n't find anything about it . 
  and yes , our naming is very ... methodical . 
  thanks for k\u00f6nigsberg !, 
  you are the best bros. 
  sweden ... 
  haha , you slow , eesti . 
  latvia joined last year . 
  this year lithuania did it . 
  no love for lithuania ? 
  i 'm out .
