i am not saying there are no problems with state . 
  but i do n't see how state should help if people do n't try to improve themselves . 
  is that the only point of discussion you can make ? 
  there is already a thread of comments about that . 
  show me how . 
  and the taxes of migrants and not goes back into the same pocket , if you will . 
  and how would you make the birth rate to be increased ? 
  as i said , it is not a reliable solution , but it is a start . 
  edit : logic, 
  ouch !, 
  i know , right . 
  well we ca n't do too much for them if they do n't want any of our help even if it is modest . 
  i say , let them try . 
  that is municipal problems you pointed , not the state ones . 
   for already shrinking population !, 
  although , good point . 
  we might have demographic problem soon . 
  here comes not as reliable solution as it could be . 
  nah ... let 's pass it up , and wait till the problem hits so hard you will not be able to understand what happened . 
  going through russia you need a visa . 
  you ca n't get visa if you are already admitted as refugee ? 
  border patrols might drop them off trains . 
  you forgot the / s thingy . 
   which one are you referring to ? 
  every single point . 
   `` ololo , here 's my id , i will totally pay for that . '', 
  no money - no ticket , otherwise you will be dropped off in the next station . 
  atleast that is how it works in lithuania . 
  i would n't say it is incorrect . 
  yes , micro problems are different . 
  language barrier is smaller , and their motivation might be different . 
  but for every problem there is a solution . 
  the similar way we treat orthodox believers , we could try treating muslim , it is not that we have n't seen other religions . 
  how to deal with motivation problem is a tougher . 
  we could give them interim living permit for example for two 2 years , during that time they could try to integrate and find a place to stay with permanent living permit , or they could emigrate in two years . 
  the solution might not be as easy as that , but it would be a start . 
  15-20 $ a week . 
  decades or not . 
  us did it decades ago . 
  we are doing it now . 
  yes us is bigger , but they admitted more than 10000 war refugees , a lot more . 
  in us there is at least 300 000 lithuanians . 
  so we are now complaining about taking in 300 ... say what ever you want , i find this pathetic . 
  bottom line is , we do n't need to take as much in as germany does we are only 2.9 million and germany and any other country knows that and understands . 
  so why are you trying to live honest peaceful life ? 
  you should as well make business in human trafficking , run around europe form the authorities . 
  it costs nothing , right ? 
  i did n't say it is bad . 
  i like driving even if it costs . 
  i am quite satisfied . 
  yes , you could argue every time either you live in germany or you live in lithuania that things might be better . 
  the thing is , it all depends on you , not the state . 
  ok , let 's increase their 250 $ / month pensions of which they do n't need pay any taxes . 
  they get transportation ( 80 % ) , health ( 40-100 % for drugs , service is free or almost free ) , their heating bills are subisdised by 75 % . 
  i am not sure what else . 
  so , ok let 's give them $ 800 remove all the benefits , add income taxes and watch how they like that . 
  i drive everyday 25km to work . 
  one might blame the surroundings , while the other tries to do something . 
  yes you might get paid less in rural areas , but you do n't need to drive 50 + km everyday . 
  you do n't need to buy fancy clothes for your job , etc. 
  if you think that it is easy living in the city , well you might want to come and try it out yourself . 
  imo , this is the saddest thing about lithuania . 
  we complain , and see everything in a negative light . 
  yes . 
  read the comments on the internet ... that will help ... 
  go to some kind of courses . 
  ( for instance chief courses ) 2 . 
  get a job paid at least $ 800 3 . 
  that is what i did . ^ in ^ a ^ way, 
  your pm clearly lacks a single potato . 
  so state should help someone to get off their asses to find a better job ? 
  or you are suggesting that state should subsidise business by giving more benefits to low paid workers ? 
  edit : grammar, 
  you know , it costs to move around . 
  and for a refugee it must be super painful . 
  if not , then i doubt they are in such dire straits . 
  why exctly would we need to help ourselves ? 
  are we in trouble ? 
  no , upon accepting them you register interim living permit in lithuania and deport from other countries if they are trying to find the job or apply for benefits . 
  the title of the article is quite misleading . 
  though grybauskait\u0117 stated that we must help countries under stress . 
  finally . 
  i will just leave quote from [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vilnius ) . 
  one might argue that \u017beligowski stole vilnius first . 
   poland and lithuania both perceived the city as their own . 
  the league of nations became involved in the subsequent dispute between the two countries . 
  the league-brokered the suwa\u0142ki agreement on 7 october 1920 . 
  although neither vilnius or the surrounding region was explicitly addressed in the agreement , numerous historians have described the agreement as allotting vilnius to lithuania . 
  [ 13 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ] [ 16 ] [ 17 ] [ 18 ] [ 19 ] [ 20 ] [ 21 ] on 9 october 1920 , the polish army surreptitiously , under general lucjan \u017beligowski , seized vilnius during an operation known as \u017beligowski 's mutiny . 
  the city and its surroundings were designated as a separate state , called the republic of central lithuania . 
  on 20 february 1922 after the highly contested election in central lithuania , the entire area was annexed by poland , with the city becoming the capital of the wilno voivodship ( wilno being the name of vilnius in polish ) . 
  kaunas then became the temporary capital of lithuania . 
  lithuania vigorously contested the polish annexation of vilnius , and refused diplomatic relations with poland . 
  do not forget london . 
  i was n't trying to insult anyone . 
  since i have n't been there ca n't say if it is beautiful or not . 
  from what i was told it is gorgeous . 
  all i meant to say is that georgia is in a difficult position geopolitically . 
  i kind of pity ( even though i should n't ) you because of your geographical positioning . 
  while we are neighbours of the russia , we are closer to europe , we have closer ties to europe and no one would dispute that we are europe .
