one of these would be to go for a military victory are we sure he wont go for the science victory ? 
  with all the production he has that would be way easier . 
  this could have been made in sweden . 
  dansband really is the worst . 
  had a coworker who listened to the same dansband song day in and out . 
  or maybe it was diffrent songs , literary impossible to tell . 
  yea , that notion do n't really exist here , because we are n't really that crazy that we believe that benefits and social security are leaching . 
  praise the lord for that . 
  yea , there is some social pressure , mainly because it is so easy to move out with the help from the state and all that so if you do n't do it you can be perceived as lazy or that you are leeching your parents . 
  personally i love living at my own place , where i can do kind of what i want when i want it . 
  such a small detail as cooking food becomes complex when i am home with my parents . 
  but i still live with them a week or so every summer . 
  nobody i know are kicked out of the house here in sweden . 
  but we do n't want to live with our parents any longer . 
  i love them but i always feel like a child when i live under their roof . 
  i ca n't imagine living with them now when i am 26 . 
  i would have much worse relationship with them if that was the case . 
  i 'm a swede and moved from my parents when i was 21 or 22 , and that was nearly weirdly late . 
  im a swede and the weather lately have been windy and grey . 
  this is n't the great swedish life i was promised . 
  make sweden great again . 
  yes , you prove u/max _ insanity point very well . 
  like ringing a bell . 
  30 sounds more reasonable than 25 !, 
  i am 25 and i know like 2 couples that are my age that are married . 
  was dissapointed that `` day after tuesday '' was n't an alternative for wednesday , when `` day before wednesday '' was . 
  the swedish houses are red because of our [ copper mines ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/falu_red ) , 
  but christian girls that do n't want to show cleavage , is that wrong too ? 
  i 'm not a fan of people deciding what girls and women should wear , no matter if it is the law or their parents . 
  and they have the same right to wear a hjiab as they have the right not to wear it . 
  is n't really that a radical thought , no ? 
  it is horrible that some women are forced to wear it , but to assume that is the case for everyone , without talking to the girls in question , is close minded . 
  i 'm honestly curious what you base your fact on that women wear islamic clothing against their will . 
  do you have statistics on that ? 
  it is one thing in countries like iran where it is mandatory , but here in the west ? 
  i know a couple who wears hjiab . 
  i have n't asked them , but i find it hard to see anyone forcing then to wear something they did n't want to . 
  one of them is an old kind but strict mother , another is a big feminist and the third did n't wear hjiab until her middle twenties . 
  have we ? 
  we do n't even share a border with russia . 
  or do you mean that they take boats over the baltic sea ? 
  ca n't be that many , most come through denmark or by train or plane . 
  yea , it is a little unclear to me . 
  i am not sure if i am `` feeling european '' . 
  i quite like europe , and eu , but it is n't something i really identify with or even think about in day to day life . 
  ah , okay , that i agree with , that welfare have increased the last 100 years . 
  not sure in which way it is connected with nationalism though , especially when we in the nordic countries are some of the least nationalistic countries on earth . 
  it is two completely separate moment , it is n't like the nationalistic parties here want better healthcare or human stuff . 
  i am not really sure i agree with that . 
  what do you classify `` successful '' by ? 
  from 3000 bc to 1800 ad there sure was a lot of big and impressive empires . 
  that is funny , because while i am pro-eu i am not a `` eu-fanboy '' it have a lot of problems . 
  but one thing that i really like is that it encourage cultures to mix and meet , not become isolated . 
  that it sort of serves as some sort of anti-nationalism . 
  i like that quite a bit . 
  people act like nationalism is this cornerstone of society when it 's really is n't much older than 100 years . 
  i think ( or hope atleast ) that the whole `` we vs them '' thing that nationalism brings is of the past and that the future will lie in organizations like the eu . 
  there are a lot of far right and literal nazis in this thread . 
  it have drawn them here like flies . 
  hahahaha . 
  damn . 
  i meet maybe 30-40 people or so each and every day that are muslim through my work , hard exactly to tell . 
  so i am pretty sure i meet more than you . 
  and to repeat myself for like the millionth time , nordfront themself have said it was them but they say they did nothing wrong . 
  they have also visited members of the community at their home . 
  so no , it was n't some muslim that was masquerading as nazis , it was the real deal . 
  lastly , if you think that nordfront are just a bunch of kids you are kind of ignorant . 
  [ does this look like `` a handful of kids '' to you ? ] ( http://www.der-dritte-weg.info/inhalte/1_mai_2.jpg ) . 
  these people are a way bigger threat to sweden than muslims have ever been . 
  are there many irish people living in uk or why does they have such high numbers ? 
  understood . 
  i will choose my words better next time . 
  personally though , i do n't think my comment was any more a personal attack than saying that a `` weird amount '' of muslims are nazis sympathizers or that it is muslims that are attacking jews in ume\u00e5 when the nazis have already taken responsibility for it . 
  i do n't know enough about law to answer that , sorry . 
  but i know that they are allowed to hold public meeting and marsh and all that . 
  and yes , they are open with that they are nazis , they do n't try to hide it . 
  they talk a bunch about hitler and old prominent swedish nazis on their site . 
  now days they usually talk about muslims though , not jews . 
  but there are n't really that many muslims in northern sweden compared to southern , they usually talk shit about the saami people instead . 
  but apparently they still have time to fight with the jewish population . 
  follow my link . 
  they literally do n't deny it but say that they have n't done anything illegal . 
  so what does that rape have to do with anything ? 
  you see a person that is dark skinned and you assume that he is muslim ? 
  and you assume that he also have traveled up to ume\u00e5 and threatened jews ? 
  i feel sorry for you , it ca n't be easy to function in every day life with your brain . 
  there are literally no evidence that there is n't nazis . 
  like i said up there the nazis themselves do n't even deny it , but they say that nothing illegal have happened . 
  there are not even a little bit evidence that it would be any other group . 
  you have such a big hate boner for muslims that you talk shit about stuff you do n't even know nothing about . 
  hahaha , we always have so many fucking swedish experts on the internet . 
  just please fuck off . 
  what evidence does you have of the opposite ? 
  [ -- jag har \u00e4ven blivit bes\u00f6kt i mitt hem och vi f\u00e5r hela tiden ta emot hotfulla mejl ] ( http://www.dn.se/nyheter/sverige/judisk-forening-lagger-ner-efter-nazisthot/ ) , losely translated : `` i have even been visited at my home and i have received threatening emails '', 
  hahaha , what ? 
  so why would muslims put up nazi propaganda on jewish community houses ? 
  why would they paint swastikas ? 
  they have even showed up at some member houses and threatened them . 
  literally everything points toward the nazis . 
  not even the nazis them self really deny it , but say that this is a ruse to spread the `` holocaust myth '' .
