  * i made a joke and confirmed it , playing on an old image of the ottomans with the fez . 
  that is the whole thing . 
  it really is n't that complex . 
  no one of us believed or said that arabs and ottomans are the same people , i have played europa universalis enough to know the diffrence . 
  hahahaha , this is the funny thing when people that have never been here talk about sweden , you do n't have a fucking clue what you are talking about . 
  there are a lot of turks here , they have been here seen the 60 : s. i went in the same school as three of them and during the same time only went in school with one arab . 
  when i was young we basically called everyone that was n't white a `` turk '' and small tobacco stores for `` turk-stores '' , and i think that is still popular among young dumb people . 
  but that was n't the reason why i made the fez joke , [ it was because the one i replied to ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5v4a51/life_in_sweden_versus_life_in_the_united_states/ddz6k1q/?utm_content=permalink&amp;utm_medium=front&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=europe ) made fun of people like you that believes we are under attack by arabs and made a references to yesteryear when everyone was afraid by the invasion of the ottomans . 
  hence the fez joke . 
  please try to keep up . 
  we have started a secret insurrectionist order . 
  `` knugen and the order of the moose '' we call it . 
  we will soon beat these gender theorist/communists/immigrants / muslims/danes or what ever it is that we are fighting against right now . 
  ok ... so are you saying that ottomans did n't wear fezzes or what are you on about ? 
  and do you think europe is one country with one school system ? 
  it is a hard life without the lingonberries , but as we say in sweden , inshallah . 
  a bit tiring actually . 
  i am no nationalist , but people really believes now that sweden is on the brink of civil war , and when we show them truth of the opposite they say it is doctored by our government . 
  this is the real power of `` fake news '' . 
  please enlighten me how sweden is a proof that people from diffrent cultures do n't work . 
  if norway was my home instead of sweden i would talk silly . 
  do you know how percentage work ? 
  it is true . 
  i am swedish and we are forced to a wear fezzes now by our new ottoman overlords . 
  as a swede that is such a wierd thing to let your deployer pay for . 
  and what about those poor sods that do n't have `` half decent jobs '' ? 
  as in american baby . 
  flashback is like swedish 4chan . 
  i do n't trust those people that `` chimed in '' a little bit . 
  crazy italians , cant even eat pasta right . 
  it is as much european as russia . 
  both country have land in both europe and asia and both have been instrumental in europes history and have played critical roles in many events . 
  why is n't norway included but russia is ? 
  my grandparents are around 90 . 
  they may not wave the rainbow flag but they do n't hate on gay people . 
  they have seen discrimination first hand and do n't want other people to go through it . 
  is it a big cultural diffrence between slovakia and czech republic ? 
  i have never been to neither , even though i have heard great things , but i always assumed it was a sweden/norway situation where it was very similair cultures . 
  because they never ever get any sun ? 
  intresting to see that norway are that homogeneous while it is much bigger variation here in sweden . 
  who do n't want to vote for a gay jewish banker that goes to vacation in the us ? 
  that was for the longest time the norm here in sweden too . 
  the far left parties was anti-eu . 
  but even if they still are very critical of it i do n't think that they want to leave anymore . 
  really ? 
  like the left explodes over the charlie hebdo islam critical cartoons or what ? 
  i am not saying that media cant reinforce stereotypes and cultural norms . 
  that is one thing . 
  that is why people talk about the importance of diversity in movies and the like . 
  it is another thing entirely to believe people dislike trump because villian in some movies are blonde or that `` the man '' is trying to control the population through hidden messages . 
  dude , you have to stop the whole brainwashing through tv thing . 
  nobody thinks trump is a living garbage bag because classical bond villains were blond . 
  they were far more attractive and better speakers than trump anyway . 
  and there was a good while when an action movie was n't released where the villian was n't middle eastern , so that door in that case swings both ways . 
  and you are preaching to the choir about obama . 
  i know america is fucked up . 
  i know you have the blood of millions on your hands . 
  that is n't my point . 
  my point is that trump is so unqualified for a political office that it is hilarious , and going by how similar to my grandpa he behaves i also think he have early demntia . 
  haha , no my tv did n't tell me too . 
  i listened to the man ( - child ) and how he argued and the ideas , and lack of ideas , he had and came to a conclusion . 
  that is the usual way i form opinion on politicans and political ideas . 
  and if you belive i was a fanboy of usa before this you are very wrong , but i think obama is about as good as you can get out of an american president . 
  does the debates counts as mainstream media ? 
  does trumps own speeches ? 
  because i have watched them . 
  i actually remember that i felt a bit of calm after the second debates , because trump came across as so incompetent that not even a school kid would want him as president . 
  and her we are . 
  that he now is president make me distrust america on a big level . 
  i think all the actors did a great job . 
  it was more the plot and the whole idea of the movie i had problems with . 
  like i said , the action was very boring , nothing like snyder other movies and subpar compared to avengers and winter soldier . 
  it was unnecessarily dark , both thematic and aesthetic wise . 
  most of all it just was kind of boring and really slow , without having any real reason to be it . 
  i had n't seen the picture but i knew it was inspired by real events . 
  still is powerful i think . 
  i really really liked it when it came out , but now i see many problems with it . 
  plays it a little to close to the comic and some parts i am not sure if they are serious or not , like the sex-scene with the flamethrower finale . 
  but i still love this part . 
  it is actually an adaption of something that was hinted at and referenced in the comic , not a straight copy paste as so much others . 
  and i agree with zack snyder faults and strengths . 
  atleast this and 300 are very visually intresting , something i thought that bvs would be , but that movie was so bland . 
  the batman solofight and the end was ok , the rest was really subpar , especially for snyder . 
  [ this reminds me of the watchmen intro , by far the best part of that movie ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h24d87sqalq&amp;t=3m50s ), 
  it 's a joke from an old swedish movie . 
  but i had to google check the spelling . 
  perkele satan paljon lunta mutta ei taskulamppua that is all finish i know :(, 
  i would say populism is inherently bad , no matter if it is right or left wing . 
  it is made to stoke the flame of the uninformed and gives easy answers to complex questions . 
  it speaks more to emotion than logic . 
  yea for real though , this have ( finally , in my point of view ) started a debate that maybe we should n't give a probably drunk public access to fireworks without any sort of restrictions . 
  fucks up the environment and scares the shit out of pets too . 
  edit : that `` revelers battled with fireworks '' are a misleading headline though . 
  nothing of the sorts happend , just young shitheads that shot fireworks into crowds and the like . 
  happens every new year and there was no `` battle '' or `` revelers '' . 
  i celebrated new year in stockholm in a rather posh area and the same thing happened there , on a smaller scale . 
  as a swede there is no one i dislike and distrust as much as other swedes ... 
  i think you may be on to something there . 
  not sure if i follow , have you been a voluntary immigrant ? 
  care to explain more ?
