  and i never said that only alt rights are racists , racism is way older that their little moment . 
  i also think i was in school before even the majority of the internet alt fighters were born . 
  that the opposite is true in any country that calls it self a democracy is mind boggling for me . 
  fuck , back in the day the racists atleast was openly racists , burning crosses , was openly hostile and had their own little symbols . 
  these day they just have `` diffrent opinions '' and just think that anti-racist is code word for anti-white and crying about misandry all that bullshit . 
  i miss the old racists , they did n't play the eternal victim atleast . 
  they were proud and open with their ethnic-nationalism , homophobia and white supremacy . 
  do you know your history ? 
  that was 100 % the case and many made it . 
  and i would say that the vast majority today say that the unification was a good thing . 
  how do you think the east germans crime rate and liberal attitudes was ? 
  do n't you think they made exactly the same argument a source you ? 
  as a swede i am very surprised that it is more expensive in stockholm than it is in paris , berlin or rome . 
  wrex, 
  except that a majority of muslims do n't marry kids , or think it is okay to do so . 
  west-swede here . 
  i refuse to be apart for or danmark . 
  ca n't we join norway instead ? 
  they sounds like muppets so we can make fun of them instead of not understand a word what the danish are saying , except understanding that they are angry and/or drunk !, 
  yes , i know . 
  that is part of the stereotype . 
  hahaha , is this really a portuguese saying that we have problems ?? 
  that is pretty rich . 
  enough that it is a stereotype . 
  just as it is enough old swedish people in mallorca for it to be a stereotype . 
  i would say that stereotypes is used to simplify complex and nuanced subjects so they more easily can be approached in everyday life . 
  it can be very useful as long as you remember that it is a stereotype and not the actual thing , even if it have basis in reality . 
  super mario sunshine master race !, 
  nah , i am rather living in a world where we are sentient gaming consoles than in the world where people seriously uses terms like that with a straight face . 
  i will continue being a gamecube . 
  kind if the point of stereotypes , is n't it ? 
  especially when i up front say that it is a stereotype . 
  excuse me ? 
  pretty sure i am a gamecube , not a pc . 
  i guess you do n't get the stereotype . 
  i am talking about older men that talks a lot about how muslims is destroying sweden and so on , but spends months living in thailand among prostitutes and then marry a 30 year old younger thai girl that he brings with him home . 
  that is the stereotype i am talking about . 
  you know that a burqa is very uncommon among muslim , right ? 
  it is only some smaller really devout sects that do . 
  and i know a lot of muslims that do n't wear veils . 
  with that said , i would have problem with a family member marrying any devout person . 
  but as long he or she is nice and respectful and is pretty secular i would n't care if he/she came from a christian , muslim or jewish background . 
  i wonder how many of the people who say that would n't let their kids marry a muslim have personally travelled to thailand to `` meet women '' . 
  my mental stereotype of these people are nearly identical . 
  ahh , yes . 
  we are one of the least religious countries in the world , and less than 10 % have a muslim background , about 50 % of them are active religious . 
  among the people that have with muslim parents but are born here in sweden around 15 % are religious . 
  there are a bigger chance that the danes will take over again that we will became a muslim state . 
  or any kind of religious state . 
  ahh , yes . 
  we are one of the least religious countries in the world , and less than 10 % have a muslim background , about 50 % of them are active religious . 
  among the people that have with muslim parents but are born here in sweden around 15 % are religious . 
  there are a bigger chance that the danes will take over again that we will became a muslim state . 
  or any kind of religious state . 
  you think we will become america in ten years ? 
  i do n't think we will go that far that fast . 
  ahh , you are right . 
  that makes sense . 
  it is totally fine now that they have 8 times the murder rate , still use capital punishment , the rich openly buys political power and many literally do n't have the money to go to the doctor . 
  in half a millenia someone may remember them , who cares about all the lives that are ruined now ? 
  yes . 
  it are is a measurement of a great country to deny your people healthcare and have a insulting low minimum wage , but spend billions upon billions on military . 
  that is like saying `` my dad could beat your dad '' when you are already beaten by said dad daily . 
  i am pretty sure that is a normal tuesday in the states , right ? 
  where does this meme/joke come from ? 
  i see it all over and i think it is funny that the danes have a phrase just to taunt us swedes . 
  sure i get that , but i guess that the map got brittish origins . 
  it appears to be from a site that is named vouchercloud that according to a google search is brittish . 
  i am rather pro-eu and think it is a great thing , but people must stop mixing up eu and europe . 
  they are two completely separate things . 
  i actually do n't exactly now if anything have actually been redacted , but i explained the controversy around some of her books [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6lro77/scumbags_of_europe_king_leopold_ii_of_belgium/djwo1jx/ ), 
  i work in a library and the book we have have the same disclaimer !, 
  hahah , you would get heat to say that here in sweden . 
  she is our national treasure . 
  she wrote longstocking and a bunch of other beloved books here in sweden . 
  i do n't know how german christians are , but here in sweden every christian i know is for gay marriage . 
  there are some old and bitter people but the majority of christians is for it . 
  for example our archbishop is officially for same sex marriage . 
  what is extreme left with labour ? 
  why do you think this thread is about if uk is leaving or not ? 
  i do n't see a single one here that say they are n't . 
  yea , but i have really gotten more sensitive the last couple of years . 
  i think it is because i shaved of my hair . 
  i used to live in australia a couple of years back and i survived that ... 
  i am pretty sure i got some minor sunstroke today when i was out , got all dizzy and nearly felt feverish . 
  it was 26c ... 
  the swedish arrests was connected to the terror attack , no ? 
  i think i heard that they arrested someone then and ca n't really remember any news that they arrest jihadist some other time . 
  that is intresting , in a horrifying way . 
  i think that here even penetrative a hole in a non sexual way is rape , but i am not sure . 
  i am no lawyer , but i do n't think so . 
  sexual assualt is broader than rape . 
  i think for example that before this rule change in sweden it had to be a penetration in the assault to be classified as rape . 
  that is n't the case anymore . 
  [ this also makes a diffrence between rape and sexual assault . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sexual_assault ) it say that sexual assault is `` unwanted sexual contact that stops short of rape or attempted rape . 
  this includes sexual touching and fondling . '', 
  i am actually a bit surprised that buzzfeed have some good articles , you just have to ignore all the damn lists . 
  i was trying to explain here on reddit the whole rape statistics thing in sweden , how we have a very broad definition of rape and that what is sexual assault in other countries often is rape in sweden . 
  i could n't find on single english source on the issue , only swedish , until i found a rather in depth article on buzzfeed about just that issue .
