  i know one chinese who has been there . 
  says its mostly like china 20-30 years ago . 
  thats why the chinese love to visit it . 
  dont expect them to really hunger . 
  football tickets are too expensive there, 
  your post isnt better than anything we have here normally . 
  standard.at is really decent sometimes . 
  best one i have found . 
  but ofc still biased, 
  when do you start talking about the russian media then , if we are talking about relations with russia, 
  not in germany . 
  perhaps in some countries , i dont know about portugal . 
  in general the society is child unfriendly in germany, 
  the german media is not alone in this bad behavior . 
  the guardian or other british newspapers , greece ones ... and others are not better . 
  seems harsh to push this on german media alone, 
  yes merkel is on reddit . 
  you got me , 
  yeah think so too, 
  where is the auenland ? 
  sweden ? 
  we are just taking this all too serious . 
  in the end greece sees itself in the eu and will act like that . 
  yeah then dont run to someone else crying like last time, 
  germany shall stand up for its interest and annex greece . 
  we already owne it either way . 
  its just our interest . 
  it cant be wrong, 
  xd killing other countries leaders also counts . 
  especially if they are monarchs, 
  the usa always cares only about themself and dont stick to sanctions very much . 
  does not mean its right to just let russia annex left and right . 
  this is in fact not an american but an an european problem, 
  at least they fit well together . 
  both countries have a shit economy, 
  there is no chinese card - cause noone cares about the relations greece-china . 
  you can do with them what you want . 
  its different with russia cause they are invading other countries, 
  iam just saying , whats finns have told me . 
  yeah becuase its too unimportant . 
  it did as much as it could, 
  i know . 
  we dont expect it . 
  i just wonder how fast they will sellout eastern europe to russia, 
  gogo greece, 
  i know a finnish girl at my university . 
  she came here for studying and never wants to go back . 
  she says finnish people are way too unsocial ( communicating etc ) . dont think thats a problem with the folks here but perhaps in general, 
  iam pretty sure you would have . 
  serbia likes to start ww as much as germany, 
  liissbon , sun , french music , swiss alps, 
  dont take anyone from these region into the eu . 
  they can kill each other alone, 
  kick them out and use the eu money they get to build a wall around them . 
  problem solved, 
  the average tested on the website . 
  its more likely that people who value high speed use this website more . 
  i expect the real eu average to be lower, 
  there was talk about not agreeing to the sanctions on russia . 
  clearly using this in the discussions . 
  you cant deny that . 
  you are obviously right with anything else, 
  what do you expect from greece ? 
  taking eu money all day , then blackmailing eastern europe and eu over russia . 
  dont expect a greek to be decent . 
  good post . 
  i think order means imposing laws strictly on everyone . 
  not something everyone likes, 
  we are very similar . 
   travel to the us or asia and you will realize, 
  that sounds very much like nationalsocialists, 
  i would like a russia-greece deal very much . 
  no better way piss off some more countries . 
  ofc . 
  they even loved him, 
  there is no blame game . 
  everyone is responsible for himself . 
  very good . 
  if we fight against corruption it will be good for greece and germany in the end, 
  just make the plane fly from alone . 
  and make overriding it only possible if both pilots want to do it or one pilot and ground control permission . 
  of course it would be possible . 
  we are even trying to get automated cars working and thats way more difficult . 
  but trying so with planes would be a long and costly process.on top of that most people feel unsafe depending only on technology . 
  thats human , but technology is more reliable after all, 
  he is trying to deflect damage from the company . 
  he is a ceo, 
  if the article is correct i would say 95 % chance for suicide, 
  for lufthansa group flights there is no such a rule . 
  lufthansa pilots are alone in the cockpit in such a case !, 
  but there are airlines that are putting crew in the cockpit, 
  yeah problems occuring at the short time when one pilot left the cockpit really would be bad luck . 
  its not impossbiel but highly unlikely, 
  if this is true , then its may be a failure in procedure that has to be revised . 
  just one person in the cockpit and unbreakable doors seems to be bad . 
  why not put a crewmember in the cockpit while one pilot is away . 
  did the usa forget praying to lord bendtner before the game ? 
  a world cup, 
  there is a conflict of interest between different levels . 
  a single person , a town or a country have different needs .
