  your sentence would be true for england . 
  you see how democratic the usa really is . 
  its more a monarchy governed by dynasties nowadays, 
  watched a video about scotland , saying that like most of the ground is owned by just a few hundred people . 
  that really is some lording . 
  germany vs england in south africa could have went different as well . 
  learn history my friend . 
  german history is more than 70 years . 
  at least for educated people, 
  thats what they think . 
  in reality we have like before a secret deal with russia . 
  russia will attack anyone who leaves 4 . reich . 
  we will see how many try to leave after the 1 . one, 
  no empire so sad ... so sad ... and also bad at football . . whats left ? 
  very soon baltics will leave and ddr and then russia will be left with nothing . 
  so be aware you minor coutries . 
  if you leave mighty 4 . reich of eu we will have to follow russia example and send tourists, 
  there wont be a grexit and no other country will leave . 
  to make people vote for big changes they have to be really miserable . 
  even scottland voted to stay in the union in the end . 
  it is always like that, 
  hf paying way more interest . 
  but i like it . 
  will even be less interest for germany after that, 
  german debt is also not payable, 
  the institutions of the troika are executive organs . 
  they are not democratic in the way , that the police in our country is not democratic as well . 
  they enact policy and control . 
  like our police and governement does ( appointing ministers is not a democratic act , like appointing the european commision ) . 
  but that does not mean , that the police does not play an important role in our society . 
  you are asking for a police , that is democratic at the same time . 
  you dont do that , because then you wont have any seperation of powers anymore . 
  if you vote in executive people , then they will muddle together with all other politicians . 
  oyu will just have a big blob of power, 
  yes . 
  but noone was lending greece money in 2008 anymore . 
  how do you want to give out more money at -14 % deficit in the financial troubble of that time . 
  and iam not talking about depth repayment but about balancing the budget . 
  fishing is not that important for the eu in general . 
  if we can make billion dollar deals with ukraine and greece i dont believe a deal has to be bad for island . 
  austerity worked very well . 
  greece had a -14 % deficit . 
  austerity was meant to to balance this out . 
  a big loss of gdp is expected . 
  that was clear 5 years ago . 
  if you know the prices for everything its not too much, 
  that sounds kinda ok . when i was visiting new york i read some ads for flats and they were all way more expensive . 
  like 2 room apartment for 11k . 
  imagine germany had -14 in current balance . 
  thats like 400 billions . 
  so which politician can find this amount of money and can survive it ? 
  only from outside that could have been done . 
  but imagine what you would have to cut in germany to generate that . 
  dont forget , the measurements were meant to be bad . 
  just noone wanted to tell the greek people . 
  the spending had to be balanced out . 
  they had something like -16 % . 
  the economy was bound to shrink by something like 20-30 % from that . 
  saying this was good for greece would be retarded ofc , but saying the troika worked badly is wrong as well . 
  it did what it was meant to, 
  yeah but then the rightwing parties would loose all the voters who think there are too many people ( foreigners ) in the country, 
  looks like 3 star hotel room in swiss skiing resort, 
  greek governement is like a bunch of redditors . 
  this is just theater and normaly nothing will happen . 
  but we never know what the nazi ( russia look there pls ) + communist government in greece will announce next . 
  perhaps nationalize all foreign companies ? 
  do something significant then we will remember, 
  and you border belarus as well, 
  iceland is free to decide as they like . 
  i dont think being in the eu would change much, 
  always the ottomans , 
  did not know . 
  winning vs austria was great but hitting on kneeing greece not so much . 
  lovely . 
  are you marketing to japanese tourists already ? 
  i only know you for beating austria in football . 
  you dont remember serbs discovering america ? 
  sadly the book is not printed anymore in germany . 
  look for red skinned people cause we dont have a lot of sun, 
  its not that bad . 
  every family has a difficult child, 
   i would come as well . 
  have no problem with greeks . 
  ill just not bring my best watch , 
  ok . can understand your stance if you have an experience like that . 
  i dont know anyone in my family who plays lottery , so we could never win ) :, 
  can confirm . 
  once went drunk into a supermaket in loret de mare and they charged 2 times . 
  thanks for advise, 
  true . 
  do n't save too much . 
  buy what you really like . 
  hate is bad . 
  dont care so much about some tiny country in the south, 
  better than having north-korea like governement which want to confiscate staff, 
  if you go on holiday to greece be careful . 
  dont take anything of value with you if you are german or german-looking , 
  and how do you know that you got a good advisor ? 
  you are living in a very simple world my friend . 
  you would let everything go bankrupt and let war and nazism follow it .
