  yes . 
  eastern europe shall leave as they like and deal with russia on their own . 
  i need more popcorn, 
  just your normal polish , who want to call themself `` western '' . 
  funny is , they were the target of much racism and fascism , but they are not better to other ethnicities now, 
  which is meaningless because v4 provides nothing anyone in this union needs, 
  just dont pay anything to the eu in the next bidget discussions . 
  instead take that money for the refugees we are taking . 
  they also work harder than the slaves . 
  dont pay anymore money to ukraine ( poland can do that with their own money and not eu funds ) , get good relations with russia and then we get free trade agreement with uk . 
  france and eastern europe can try to fund their staff alone, 
  no but there are doing both basically to do the same thing in the end . 
  provide cheap money to those who like it . 
  its bad for people who are normally lending money ( have money ) , except if you did put most of it into an inflated stock market, 
  how dont you understand ? 
  you normally get a part of economic growth via your interest rates . 
  you dont get that now . 
  so you are having less in reality, 
  money is only a mean to distribute goods produced . 
  the amount of goods the people can get stays the same . 
  you only taking the money people have saved for their retirement to pay your governement budget now, 
  how the people dont like it if its done towards eastern europeans but dont mind anything like that vs muslims and syrians . 
  hypocrites all together . 
  you are the worst, 
  its still a bad deal for germany . 
  someone loses the money that is given out via qe . 
  its german people who did put aside some money for their future . 
  thats why germany voted against qe . 
  perfect . 
  we not only pay way too much for the eu we also pay via the qe and low euro via the ezb . 
  germany opposed weakining the euro . 
  it is eating up german wealth . 
  get oft of this union with all the eastern european immigrants and leechers, 
  then think about how offensive it is to many muslims if they are all called terrorists and radicals and so different from humans you could live with . 
  look in poland first, 
  and saying it about muslims and syrians is obviously ok but about eastern europeans it is not, 
  yeah thats the problem . 
  some say if they can get education and benefits only where they are distributed to it will work . 
  but the situation is so different in many countries that they wont get the same conditions everywhere . 
  it would be possible to pay the expenses via the eu as well and pay an amount that is the same everywhere considering the cost of living . 
  but still many have family somewhere and wont go just anywhere . 
  its not easy but there can be a solution i think if people just stay calm and discuss it around, 
  a quota system was always only one of many measures . 
  the others being having a european border control and enforcement with registering people nearby and then only distributing refugees around . 
  this is a logical solution because any other situation leaves very bid problems for the border countries and the refugees . 
  this was communicated by politicians as well , but you can only hear the fearmongers and racists cry quota , , quota bad all the time, 
  hm its has eastern tech group in eu4 . 
  three kids are in danger of failing a year in school . 
  their last chance is spelling a german word correctly . 
  the director of the school says : `` peter pls spell papa '' peter : `` papa '' director : `` very good you passed . 
  susi : mama . 
  director : perfect you have passed , ali pls spell ausl\u00c4nderdiskriminierung . '', 
  what history class was that ? 
  hopefully roman empire, 
  yeah like the violence 10 years ago . 
  thats really long ago, 
  how the costs are paid is irrelevant . 
  in the end everyone pays it one way or another . 
  iam getting called a nazi on a regular basis here , so we shall get the train if its a blingbling train, 
  just fair that poland gets whats in polish trains or polish death camps, 
  so the same people who post in the immigration thread here, 
  money is not a problem . 
  also it will go right back into the german economy as well . 
  thanks to the marines , recover fast, 
  dont be sad . 
  now you have a good football team . 
  so every 4 years there is some fun, 
  nah that was really fine work, 
  yeah lechfeld it is for me as well . 
  or perhaps the german unification 1871, 
  all that matter is in the end . 
  was more like a disaster, 
  german pension system is too good . 
  noone needs kids to retire, 
  iam supporting taking in refugees 1000 times more than helping greece . 
  people who are coming from a country in war , who did do the long travel thourhg dangerous and deathly terrain to build themself a better future in germany have my respect.on the other hand people who have lived all their life on an island without paying taxes for their meals and drinks have none of my respect, 
  no iam basing this one the fact that people from the usa dont have any humor, 
  you americans posting about elegant shall then pls make sure not to contradict each other . 
  how shall i feed of prejudices if you even cant decide, 
   of course . 
  like i said . 
  everyone how he likes . 
  only for some good cross-country athletes in exchange, 
  not everthing in life is about stil and outside appearence . 
  i dont like the cheap friendly american stil . 
  some honest clothing keeps you true . 
  why pretend to be someone you are not ? 
  i hated that in the usa . 
  everyone dresses up and does so elegant and then is happy to let people in their own city live in ghettos and kill each other without solidarity . 
  liars all together, 
  hihi . 
  loved it, 
  most of them a syrians and a lot of them are travelling through lybia . 
  as many as you make flee by attacking and destabilizing the countries, 
  because they are happy attacking all the countries making the people refugees, 
  why do you base a decision on believing in some fary tail ? 
  seems stupid to me, 
  lets have a look at ukraine . 
  they dont have mass immigration compared to germany . 
  their wages must be way higher than ours .
