  the political system is compromising between those interests , that can oppose each other . 
  thats why there is a difference between the will of all people and the summe of all individual wills . 
  if everyone just looks out for himself we have nothing more than a capitalist like political system . 
  portugal is rightful german clay as is all of europe . 
  we have all the paperwork to back it up, 
  guess what . 
  noone want to live next to a power plant . 
  still we need them . 
  if you would ask the people in a town they would always oppose it , but then we would not have any energy.direct democrazy is good , but it has limits, 
  they are so far left , that they are also right, 
  apart from the ridiculous argentinian claims , the amount of money the uk spends there for nothing is as ridiculous, 
  you seem to be 12 years old , cause you are switching to insulting people really fast , truely nazistic behavior, 
  you will be safe, 
  damn, 
  norway is more nazi than germany . 
  i can remember something happened there only some time ago . 
  the iberians would get very cool from me . 
  from germany with love, 
  i know . 
  cycling community is kinda strange in many areas . 
  was a smaller u19 race , so not really international . 
  they were afraid to lose i think . 
  was in wallonia, 
  like 7 years ago i was doing some cyclingraces in belgium . 
  our german team was shown hitler salute and called nazis several times . 
  i guess its more likely to happen in competition , but i still never experienced anything like that in another country, 
  the us rules over nothing but there own island . 
  those other empires were more universal and important by any means . 
  iam sorry you even are just the follow-up colony of one of those empires, 
  just because you take wars as example all the time . 
  there have been long times without wars between big powers even in europes middle ages before nationalsm led to constant wars . 
  our problem is nationalsm and not equally strong powers . 
  americans know more than 2 countries in asia ? 
  colonial spain , uk empire, 
  for example china and india are the only nation to have declared , they wont use nuclear weapons in a war until they are attacked with nuclear weapons . 
  if some nations are strong enough to oppose some of the us actions , then perhaps the us wont try to start wars that often . 
  even if you try to paint a bad image of china , the us has started all the wars lately . 
  china is mostly peaceful from what we have experienced over the last years . 
  we shall give them a chance . 
  and the way the us treats its dissidents is not much better to say at least . 
  and the usa has done worst shit of them all . 
  hhistory is helpful . 
  but dont let it be your only source . 
  and china never was in the play like it is today . 
  it can also be good for the us . 
  dont be afraid, 
  yes . 
  and we can always hope to achieve even better . 
  if you stop doing that you have stopped living, 
  nice argument . 
  any time in history was worse for europe compared to today, 
  if your friends blackmail you its worse . 
  we dont expect anything different from russia, 
  the worst blackmail is from within the eu, 
  everyone knows thats how the usa behaves . 
  its not bad in general . 
  but its a reason why a multipolar world would be better . 
  uuh you could say the same thing about christianity . 
  or do you think stoning is an european value . 
  that said i dont belive much good comes from religion in general , but that is another discussion, 
  you can push your agenda as much as you want . 
  one reason for the killing of jews was some people were happy to loose their debt . 
  nah iam talking about middle ages . 
  later is different . 
  but iam really off topic now . 
  like i said , criticizing banks is fine . 
  but some outright hate and thats not good, 
  sure we did . 
  treaty of brest-litovsk, 
  all classes . 
  lol . 
  jews were not allowed to work in normal professions . 
  they surely did not become clerus or nobility . 
  yes that 's how we will win the war again, 
  the hate for banks is strong in europe . 
  some of it is understandable , but its getting crazy sometimes . 
  strange that this always happens to the money lenders . 
  i remember another group of lenders who were hated a lot . 
  we are drilling for russia . 
  your german is very good, 
  the spd has its fair share of responsibility for the failure of the weimar republik , even a big one if you look into it . 
  and i did say in another post , that this is a generalized view . 
  if i have to mention everyone , who was no nazi in each post then i cant post at all, 
  thanks, 
  i dont understand why people want to stop it . 
  the taxi buisness is crazy as it is . 
  a bit of competition would be good for us, 
  yeah of course . 
  my grandparents had to abbandon everything there as well . 
  i would never talk down on individuals , especially tho most of them were young and had little to do with the politics of that time . 
  but iam also annoyed that some always want `` but that was not true for erveryone '' added to any macroscopic discussion . 
  that is obviously always the case, 
  that remark is a general one from todays point of view . 
  it obviously affected the people that had been living there . 
  but the germans of that time were selfresponsible . 
  everyone gets the governement he deserves, 
  hm no feeling at all . 
  what do i care about some wasteland . 
  how big germany is does not really affect my own life . 
  only people who like nationalsim/patriotism .
