yeah british librealism . 
  upperclass arrogance , no good university for normal people . 
  also no nice trains and football tickets cost a furtune . 
  britain is a very nice place for bankers and rich russians . 
  but we europeans dont want this shit here . 
  think hard why britain lacks influence . 
  perhaps cause the only thing all european + politicians hear from britain in whining . 
  cause the only time britain is really engaged is for a british discount or some special treatment . 
  cause britain cant decide what they want . 
  noone follows someone who even does not know if he want to be in . 
  just logical that noone gives a shit about britain, 
  there are also not bought but leased if i remember correctly, 
  that seems like a reasonable thing to do . 
  yeah there is a need for both of those things . 
  border defense and registration in bordercountries . 
  but then there need to be a fast distribution of true refugees from these countries . 
  it done correctly only real refugees will try to come after some time and the numbers will be way smaller . 
  instead of thise fearmongering done a lot , it would be more useful to discuss the specific things around this idea more, 
  well said, 
  haha . 
  thanks for that laugh, 
  v4 is sad anyway . 
  v12 is for real, 
  v4 shows its power . 
  we are impressed, 
  the land you got from gemany payed you more than enough.they still lower wages and are competition so we have to work for less as well . 
  that argument i have heard from polish people towards refugees like a thousand times . 
  i thought it would resonate well here and it did, 
  end this eu nonsense . 
  w\u00f6rk together with russia more closely and germany and russia can be a worldpower . 
  together . 
  russia with the land , the military and the ressources and germany with the technology . 
  together we can rule over eastern europe more efficient, 
  yeah the eu plan is to make refugees an eu agenda . 
  if you protect the border together and register them together in the bordercountries you also need a system to distribute them . 
  its as easy as that . 
  nah you are all fine and welcome . 
  iam just trolling the eastern europeans who like to hate on the syrians witht he same generalisations . 
  i like a diverse society with a lot of different cultures . 
  wish you the best in germany . 
  i have never been in croatia sadly but i want to try out the skiing in the mountains in the future, 
  nah those camps are in poland . 
  we dont want them, 
  hm yeah a was just a typo . 
  hm yeah the hohenzollern came from brandenburg and inherited the prussian parts if i remember correctly . 
  only some time after that the kingdom of prussia was formed and became an empire under their rule . 
  so your argument seems logically . 
  even tho you could say brandenburg was not prussian mainland from the very start . 
  but iam no historian , so just some silly talk, 
  prussian mainland is polish and russian today i think, 
  why hidden ? 
  poland is more prussian than germany today, 
  i dont know about the specific dutch history regarding the duitsen , but it very much sounds like the name the intaliens gave the people from the north of the empire . 
  who became germans later . 
  juncker for president !, 
  schengen is great for western europeans . 
  slaves and muslims not so much . 
  iam looking forward to good controls at the borders to poland because as familyholiday they go thieving in germany, 
  socialism we are used to ? 
  francois hollande is a socialist as well . 
  dont see where socialist is wrong for syriza, 
  yeah thats understandable from their point of view . 
  in the end most countries will support the bordercountries iam pretty sure about that . 
  but without a system to distribute true refugees from the bordercountries this is difficult to implement.i think this registration and distribution has to be quick as well . 
  refugees wont want to stay in the bordercountries forever and the bordercountries cant take them forever . 
  the last thing we need is endless discussions about the distribution when we already have them in camps . 
  and discussing both things at the same time makes for a lot of easy prey for quota haters . 
  its not easy, 
  yeah the best thing is to do that . 
  but at the same time there have to be ok conditions in the camps and fast registration so true refugees can be distributed across the nations . 
  germany will take most of course . 
  but i dont know if the nations can ever agree on that . 
  i would love to have border control and distribution + paying for refugees as an eu project, 
  you your forgot the 100000 people you just let pass your country and have even helped to go to austria, 
  sure building more tents somewhere in the dessert will solve a lot of problems, 
  the german plan with the quotas was not only about quotas but they were only one part of it . 
  sadly this is never really discussed . 
  at first the borders have to be controlled by the eu or the support has to be provided . 
  then there can be camps which register people and valid refugees shall be distributed regarding the economic strength of the countries . 
  there was even talk of paying for those refugees by the eu . 
  but it basicall got canceled by the racism of some countries which even cant take a few muslims, 
  counting on the us works pretty well . 
  can remember the last time you did this, 
  france is fine . 
  stop hitting on france . 
  they are growing slower but at the same time their economy is kinda robust in crisis as well, 
  europe ( germany ) has a plan but too many did not like it . 
  it was enforcing borders together with eu money and troops . 
  register everyone in bordercountries and only take the real refugees which are a small part and distribute them over europe . 
  germany and sweden would still take most . 
  but did not work because some countries are so racist they wont take a single muslim, 
  and anyone here thinks the countries in the region can come along by themselves . 
  one month without discussion and debate solution in and by germany and there is a new war, 
  no go zones only exist near the polish border where you cant go/park with your car because a polish will rob it a second later . 
  apart from that you can go anywhere, 
  poland ... all the same . 
  just read the polish football `` fans '' thread, 
  poland should be nice to russia . 
  with their current politics there wont be a place in the eu much longer . 
  better to behave well towards russia then,
