  anything else than european surpremacy would be bizarre, 
  sorry , when greece claims other people 's money is theirs you hopefully understand , that we fear its just the beginning . 
  `` so , nope guys ... 
  sorry but it is not just a silly name thing ... not when their government loses no opportunity to provoke us . 
  probably they do it to keep the people there hating us instead of dealing with their problems , but it 's not funny or silly anymore . '', 
  you are right but still unrespectful towards the people who had to flee . 
  europe is german clay, 
  only if you come to germany on your pony, 
  ok . then a horse . 
  even tho ponies are cute and drunk people wont fall so deep, 
  i thought they would use ponies, 
  that wont help ya when we come to annex crete to pay your debt, 
  omg you are really having a stick in your arse, 
  all hail the gdp . 
  i dont expect an american to care about anything but money, 
  one more tax evasion canton , 
  i heard they love jedi statue, 
  your last sentence is exactly my opinion . 
  the current discussion is stupid because the difference in standards is too big . 
  its useless to debate about anything else now , cause we never now how the eu and turkey will develop . 
  so there is currently no problem at all, 
  then everyone shall be happy . 
  the eu does not really need a new big problem and turkey can play for power in the regional as a moderate caliphate  . 
  france , rebirth of the an empire, 
  lol . 
  all legislation has to be done in work with experts of the specific topic . 
  but there is no absolute truth . 
  so everyone lobbies for his view . 
  happens evreywhere . 
  government is not possible without . 
  people always want experts to make decisions , but on the other hand , only voted in `` experts in talking '' shall make decision, 
  i still have to witness a correct prediction for the next quarter, 
  your nice economics theory does not work in real politics . 
  everyone does stimulus in bad times but noone is paying back in good times . 
  yes . 
  especially regarding mongolia and kazachstan . 
  those countries will be more afraid of russia now, 
  haha maybe you are right . 
  i always believed the politicians must be decently clever and be able to pull something like that off . 
  you are right with the division cause of the stories , but perhaps the division was just always there . 
  it was just not obvious because everyone was doing his own thing . 
  now everyone realizes how connected everything is , and people start to care more . 
  ( other coutnries and the influences on your own , newspapers writing more stories and to a wider field of the population ) caring can also lead to anger and being afraid . 
  perhaps you are right and we are going backwards . 
  but iam an optimist . 
  i think we are more aware of europe today and that leads to a wider division . 
  but it would always have been something we have to overcome if we want to be federale in the future, 
  nah its more like keeping the eu in crisis . 
  greece is a problem but not as big as it is made in the eu . 
  and to enforce crisis to change or preserver government is a thousand years old startegy of governement . 
  russia is doing it right now as well . 
  barosso is obviously hiding the structural deficits because there would be now support for a fast federalisation of europe in most of the countries . 
  this reddit is an exception . 
  only the argument that more federalisation is needed would have no use in europe , only if there are dangers , that make is necessary to do so will achieve that but still only under a false name . 
  the control of greece through the `` institutions '' and the rules enforced upon other countries are in fact a step to a federalised europe . 
  this is obviously always as i interpret the politics . 
  perhaps iam reading too much into it, 
  the bottom line is , that no national governement wants to give more rights to the eu . 
  instead politicians like to make the eu resposible for everything . 
  that happens all over europe . 
  by doing tho the opposite of what would be needed is happening.but only in crisis the forces are big enough to change anything . 
  thats obviously bad for greece but i believe , that eu strategists obviously are keeping the eu and greece in `` crisis '' for that purpose . 
  sadly this is most probably the only way to go for the eu, 
  nice managed to talk a lot without providing a single argument . 
  dont forget austria 's fair share of those things . 
  but you love to only mention germany, 
  xd true true, 
  obvious is obvious, 
  like i said in another thread . 
  germany going full nazi is problem for the world . 
  greece going full nazi will just be a greek problem, 
  india does not even have proper free trade in their own country . 
  and they will never allow eu agriculture products in . 
  calm down . 
  we also have politicians who say crazy staff . 
  everyone has them . 
  i know that, 
  nah just that anything can come out of the mouth of greeek politicians, 
  hm just inform yourself . 
  your defense minister invited boris dubin at his university and is friends with him . 
  dont need to know mroe about greek politicians, 
  just look at the ministers of the greek governement and what they say normally . 
  some right wing nationalist who is friends with russian nationalists ... not really unlikely that this is true, 
  you can have an opinion as you wish . 
  but european majority does not want ukrainien criminals flodding us . 
  the opinion in this reddit wont change that . 
  perhaps in 10 years or so that might be possible . 
  depends on ukraine 's progress . 
  so if you dont accept that you wont be able to travel in europe . 
  no problem for me . 
  i do accept the rules of other countries . 
  if i want to travel in china i will get a visum and shut up about their internal affairs . 
  if you are even too lazy to get the documents i can imagine why ukraine is a mess . 
  really funny . 
  ukrainiens telling us how to run an administration . 
  feels like 1 . april, 
  never forget . 
  this is still the internet . 
  serious discussion will only be possible in person . 
  so dont get your hopes up,
