  they should introduce a pfandsystem for bottles, 
  no france dont break up with us, 
  you know your staff , 
  yeah . 
  iam living near dortmund . 
  so i have been in the stadium several times . 
  but we have a lot of football clubs in this region . 
  so you can switch very fast if dortmund stays bad , 
  dont go on that fithly island with worse weather than germany . 
  german isnt so hard . 
  if you are browsing reddit a lot you already know a lot of words like blitzkrieg and anschluss . 
  should be easy from there . 
  haha ok . good luck . 
  come to germany . 
  eu people always welcome in germany , if they speak german , 
  looks ok to me . 
  dont know what all that hate is about, 
  some nice girls . 
  if they are lucky they can become putin 's gf, 
  is just based on the quality of the transportation . 
  i have been in china and there was no bus shedule . 
  so you better got the bus that just arrived or you did not know how long it would take for the next one to come, 
  a few hundred . 
  yep . 
  usa is also only a few hundred km away, 
  uuh many people get this old in poland ? 
  yeah the few coins from marshall plan really helped a lot . 
  lol . 
  instead you got all the good german scientists and technology . 
  really a fair trade . 
  but one time in the future you will be as wise as europe . 
  you are on a good way my child, 
  yeah . 
  its bad if you live in europe . 
  we would be at war all the time if we kept revenge alive . 
  hope afghanistan does well now . 
  nah i understand your logic . 
  they killed some of us lets kill more of them . 
  and dont tell me it had any other reason . 
  if you forgot that rewatch some speeches from that time, 
  only tens of thousand dead people . 
  but they dont count . 
  only american lifes do, 
  yeah you can do what you want . 
  but that this is problem cant be solved with the thinking of antional states is obviously if you are following the current situation . 
  in the end the mess is as big as before . 
  good job !, 
  9/11 wasnt an attack from a sovereign nation . 
  you cant declare a terrorist attack to be nato case . 
  or the killing in paris lately would be just that as well, 
  germans dont make any babies so we need people from the eu moving to us . 
  so latvia has to compete with us for educated people . 
  and thats really the best thing about the eu for us . 
  every nation that is industrial today went through a phase like that . 
  and the past matters for today . 
  congratulations again . 
  midsized companies has more likely more to do with decentralization . 
  how anyone can argue that it is based on the ressources is beyond me, 
  i will visit in the future and then give mighty german advise . 
  india thought they would become an it powerhouse as well . 
  they only got british call centers, 
  i am talking about today . 
  you about the past ... . good job, 
  we are most productive in whining about the eu and about how lazy greeks are, 
  we dont have any ressources either . 
  so latvia is of no use to us . 
  we would need norway and perhaps venezuela . 
  pls anschluss them and come back to us then, 
  dont forget they are responsible for putin invading ukraine . 
  there was a reddit post on this as well, 
  freight system is good because it has priority over passengers . 
  so passenger trains have to wait on freight trains . 
  no surprise noone wants to take a train . 
  also i love travelling with train . 
  i can read a book or work with the laptop , whereas i am just stressed by long car travel, 
  we dont have to give audiences to every native tribe in the world, 
  putin and poroshenko wedding, 
  we had colonies and elsa\u00df-lothringen . 
  i dont know , but i think the normanns lived in that area and later founded a kingdom there . 
  but dont know for sure . 
  perhaps it was only sicilie, 
  nowadays yes with the eu . 
  but in an institutional way inside germany the position does not have very much power . 
  it resides more of the person itself and the party . 
  in merkels case she is kinda powerful because she has the support . 
  yeah thats not very good . 
  but our parties dont have an ideology . 
  so they change vey much and adapt to the population . 
  the cdu moved to the center a lot in the last years . 
  that makes them the biggest party i most of the elections and we have the same leaders for a long time . 
  but you have to remember that german leaders are not very powerful . 
  so thats different to the usa . 
  uuh sorry did not mean it has no democrazy . 
  just that it shall be more democratic . 
  yeah your elections lack democrazy . 
  i like watching them , but iam always always amazed by the strange system . 
  the system with a few important states for example makes it way easier to influence the outcome , which is good for the rich and powerful, 
  gib back sun, 
  i did not vote you down . 
  and its4 worldcups .
