  its not as much governement lead . 
  but the connections between politics and econmy are closer than in europe . 
  so its influenced by politics as well . 
  fox news has a big audience as well . 
  some left channels are not better either . 
  americans fall for propaganda as likely as europeans, 
  perhaps a lot of them are relatives or dependent and as such easy to control . 
  but i hope women just have more chances, 
  yeah for sure . 
  each nation has its own interest . 
  the integration part is more about the eu institutions and not so much about the countries . 
  that is just logical . 
  any national governement would just make itself useless with a further integration . 
  you are right . 
  a middle way is the best like always . 
  europe really is a bit naive in some parts, 
  yeah because the us way of intervention everywhere workes out so well . 
  wait let 's give weapons to taliban to fight russia , then to irak and and iran and and give everyone weapons . 
  then be suprised all the people use the weapons against each other . 
  then just invade everyone there the usa made strong themself . 
  then be very sad the people you gave weapons become terrorists . 
  the us loves to act as if all conflict in the world is bound to happen . 
  but a lot of them are based on us intervention at some point ( militaristic intervention that is ) . 
  since decades the usa is sending weapons and invading in arab countries and today we not better off then before.the sad thing is , that the us citizens are paying for this but dont care about the ghettos in their cities . 
  yeah ofc its not official . 
  thats how you do politics, 
  military spending is at last mostly just the governement paying earnings to its citizens . 
  its maikes up most of the cost . 
  if you cut there its just more jobless people as well , which would be bad . 
  but like i know greece , they want to keep their soldiers but just let europe pay for them . 
  so not really a change at all compared to now, 
  at some point churchill was a fan of hitler as well . 
  what obviously helped him to understand him, 
  that is a fair opinion . 
  but the eu is an organisation meant to end as something similar to the usa . 
  if you dont want that you shall leave sooner than later . 
  you can still have all the trade agreements etc. 
  what many dont like is that whining attitude of britain , because you do not really know what you want . 
  its the internet and a such you never now if a long conversation will be of any meaning . 
  also there is a lot of black and white thinking and easy solution in the internet . 
  mostly its best to discuss with someone in person . 
  most people would not take a stance they do here . 
  me as well . 
  mostly based on exageration and oversimplyfication . 
  doesnt mean its right to do it , but iam not taking every comment i make here serious or completly honest and levelheaded . 
  different in a nice coversation like this . 
  if in the future you have interesting information which is not widely known , feel free to share it with me , it would be highly appreciated, 
  we basically have the same opinion of the situation . 
  perhaps we differ about the actions that shall follow . 
  thanks for your messages, 
  swiss system is great and the best for educated people . 
  lovely country it is . 
  will be there for skiing over eastern, 
  yeah . 
  even if people dont want to hear it its always a my team -- your team affaire , 
  no i do understand all the implicationsand that russia orchestrated it . 
  but the success of it shows that there is cosiderable support . 
  do you think russia could just send someone to germany and make a state declare its independence ? 
  i never said in any discussion that russia is in the right . 
  everyone knows they are not and they are behind this . 
  but we have to work with what we have now . 
  if the people in those regions dont want to live under russian rule then they are free to revolt and fight them . 
  more relaistically crimea will stay russian and donbass region will be seperated . 
  the remaining part can in a few years join the eu . 
  the alternative is a european ( world war ) . 
  thats why all this posturing and warmongering is bad . 
  those people talk a lot , but i bet they are not in ukraine currently to fight, 
  newspaper are always biased . 
  but you can take a look at polls . 
  the vast majority of germans dont want anyone to send arms to ukraine . 
  newspapers from right to left but ofc debatable . 
  in the very east like donetsk ( which is the region of dispute ) it shows hiher support for russia . 
  the election also showed , that there is a changing majority for more pro russian or at least russian friendly politics . 
  thats why i said there is a division in ukraine . 
  i think your link supports that . 
  the poster spoke about a leftist paradise . 
  i replied on this statement . 
  it has nothing to do with invasions of russia or the usa . 
  and iam not left nor right . 
  i find those declerations stupid . 
  i have an opinion and sometimes its one more represented at the right or the left . 
  yes . 
  you are right . 
  but ukraine is more than the courageous people of the maidan . 
  the east ukrainiens are there as well . 
  and they had an elected governement . 
  ukraine was devided and did not know which way to go . 
  to say the maidan was the push of ukraine for the west and democrazy is wrong . 
  it was only the push of a part of the society . 
  and that devide let to an easy intervention for russia . 
  nah they are very clever and intelligent warmongers . 
  greatest country in the world still . 
  and i dont mean that in sarcasm . 
  when i was in new york jamaica district i saw a gangfight on a puplic mainstreet in the evening . 
  felt like war to me but i dont know anything about real war obviously . 
  but after that you know why the americans love war . 
  the life in their cities is not much different . 
  we care very much about our neigbors . 
  our media has a lot of coverage and discussion about the politics in eu and europe . 
  its just that we see the solutions in a different way .
