  a lot of the racists here actual dont use a flair or arent german at all . 
  still they want to tell the germans how to handle this and are insulting us, 
  a lot of stuff has been tried , but it did not help . 
  that said the atmosphere towards kids is often not very friendly . 
  that is a big factor . 
  i dont mean financial help but just people starring at you if your baby cries and more like that . 
  but changing the mentality of a whole society is difficult . 
  all other options , like changing the pensions ist just not politically possible . 
  immigrants really is the easiest option . 
  but if you have good ideas you are free to share them of course, 
  yeah and germany once was a country of fascists , luckily not everything stays the same all the time and things are changing, 
  damn . 
  they wont accept me , cause i no believer . 
  iam so sad, 
  i can understand if people feel unsafe if large numbers of them are living next to you or if not well educated people fear the competition . 
  but arguments about german purity , which are often posted on reddit are just racism . 
  i personally dont want to live in a country without young people , which germany is quickly becoming without immigrants . 
  a nation with only olds will become stagnatic and undynamic . 
  despite some comments on reddit the population is open for immigration and refugees and wants to help . 
  the atmosphere is very relaxed on that matter . 
  here on reddit on the other hand a large amount of extremists is writting against refugees , which is in no way represantative of the german working population, 
  yes it would be a big mess currently . 
  but we its always good to have a vision, 
  austria very much is german . 
  the idea of a german nationalstate is very new . 
  for the most time it was just about german culture, 
  yes . 
  extiction and genocide of natives was your favorite before, 
  pff we only did it because of your imperialism and military . 
  before we just were a lot of peaceful little states, 
  send all of them to the uk . 
  the had fun bombing the region . 
  we shall provide german ships to get them there, 
  someone from the rape capital of the world talkes about banning sex, 
  calm down my germanic brothers . 
  this is the internet if you want to have a nice discussion then meet me in person, 
  and the uk paying for their wars and army alone . 
  the british always happy to pay for military instead of enjoying life ( difficult with their weather ), 
  why would germany be interested in helping poland ? 
  they stole our clay and now they shall protect it themselves, 
  it would be very efficient to have only one eu army, 
  i can remember someone german with the same attitude towards slavic people, 
  and everyone who wants to give money of military support to the baltics should do that themselves as well . 
  germany signed a deal for a new pipeline in the baltics . 
  that and decreasing exports to italy and other southern nations may play a role as well . 
  so i dont really know how fast russia will go thorugh with the greek pipeline idea, 
  this is a political issue not an economic one . 
  thats why all economic theories without politics are just useless . 
  its like dreaming, 
  most of the posts from romania are really nice and iam nowreally interested in visiting the country in the future, 
  think so as well . 
  politics is theatre, 
  muslims dont have a system like that . 
  its only common in some christian countries . 
  but there wasa discussion some time ago . 
  if the muslims wanted to collect such a tax from their people , it could be collected by the governement, 
  nobody is robbed . 
  you can freely decide if you want to pay it, 
  its just rational to collect the taxes via the goivernement and not have two bodies doing it . 
  i think religion is stupid but there is no need to go for an inefficient organisation because of ideological reasons, 
  yes !, 
  you are most likely right . 
  merkel cant just take a greek proposal and accept it . 
  the germans would not like that very much . 
  its obivous germany would not just take the first greek proposal that has a majority in greece . 
  the negotiations are over when there is a deal and not when the greeks accept their own proposal, 
  good reason for france to keep greece in the euro . 
  at least noone talks about france, 
  belgium is getting cocky . 
  time for some germans to visit, 
  europe is the masterrace, 
  most european countries had already fought countless wars when there were only some lonely tribes in the us, 
  dont forget that this is not as onesided as many make it out to be . 
  gazprom needs us to sell the gas as much as we need them . 
  you forgot northern ireland, 
  perhaps he has a love affaire there, 
  even our politicians look more interesting, 
  a disgrace for science . 
  economy is no science . 
  alfred nobel knew that . 
  shame on anyone else, 
  it has nothing to do with nobel . 
  dont know what you understand as nitpicky . 
  i could name a price after nobel as well . 
  would not make it more real, 
  there is no nobel prize for economy, 
  we dont need to hide behind poland . 
  even 5 broomsticks are enough to win vs them in 2 weeks, 
  yeah they are a bit special . 
  but catalans are as well and there are more cases like that in europe . 
  hm iam in my mid twenties so there is some difference here . 
  may play a role as europe is only integrating really fast over the last years . 
  today you will read topics from all over eruope in german newspapers . 
  lately there was a lot of coverage in british media just about a german football manager quitting at the end of season . 
  europe is integrating and speaking english , in the end britain will go this way as well iam pretty sure . 
  and i have experienced over a great number of occasions that there are barely differences between british and german people . 
  i have spoken with enough brits with strong european identity . 
  american patriotism is nothing different . 
  you think you are better than others like every nation does and you are going to war regulary . 
  usa is only a colony .
