  that does not mean they are better or correct . 
  but does not make them worse either . 
  only time will tell . 
  nah we dont want you to attack irak , afghanistan and all the others . 
  you wanted that and even faked information about irak mass destruction weapons . 
  and in the ww you always just fought against us . 
  so no . . i dont see any case where you died for us . 
  we have just differnt opinions on some things and say so . 
  most other nations are just afraid to say anything . 
  but germany and the us are very close and not so different . 
  iam sure the governments cooperations is one of the closest in the world . 
  all encounters with us citizens have been very good . 
  the us is very respected here . 
  we like to critizise cause we are germans , but that does not mean we dont know about the great us things, 
  good luck . 
  you will do it . 
  sometimes conflict helps to build a better nations . 
  germany was unified in war , the holy roman empire as well . 
  the more coherent nation is possible without the russians in eastern ukraine . 
  a western governement would be way more difficlt with all the russians living in ukraine . 
  germany will do what is needed for that . 
  then iam happy i life in leftist germany and can let the rich capitalist latvia alone, 
  i dont mean far history . 
  just the last 20 years . 
  german revolution wasnt a big success after all  and problems are never a countries own fault alone , but its the only thing you can really change . 
  thats why viewing it in another way is not wise, 
  remember how much the usa cared about the east after ww2 . 
  exactly not at all . 
  the usa only cares about themself . 
  ukraine has nearly no attention in their national media . 
  dont let them fool you, 
  ukraine is a failed state . 
  you had enough time to get your house in order . 
  but ukraine is so weak , that a few thousand russians are enough to bring ukraine down . 
  you should very much think about everyones responsibilty for a functional state and governement . 
  the people of ukraine failed to do so for the last centuries . 
  you want other people to die for you , while ukraine keeps failing at anything . 
  the usa is also invading and occupying . 
  even killed way more people over the last years . 
  ahh i dont think the french are facists . 
  they seem reasonable . 
  when it comes down to elections it will look different, 
  yeah poland will never change . 
  attacking germany to start ww2 , now living on our land and expanding further . 
  better keep a close look on them, 
  russia can just send more troops and equipement . 
  sending weapons has no use . 
  on top of that ukraine has enough weapons . 
  they have some big factories . 
  on top of that ukraine is neither in nato nor eu . 
  there is no obligation to do anything at all, 
  agreed, 
  the eu is doing that all the time . 
  its just a slow process . 
  some perhaps want a fast one , but this wont happen . 
  democratic processes are slow . 
  only war or revolutions can do it fast , cause people who suffer will change things more likely . 
  but anyone who really wants this to happen is a bad person . 
  everyone gets the governement he deserves, 
  just dont eat there or at other big corporations . 
  try to buy and eat local staff most of the time . 
  the power resides with the people . 
  only if we dont care they can do something like that, 
  various nations are made up by a lot of different groups . 
  the holy roman empire and central europe as a whole goes back to single tribes . 
  you cant justify anything with your argument . 
  if everyone would think like that , we would just live with our inbreed familymembers in our town and hate all outsiders . 
  its also dangerous . 
  if the majority shall just expell the minority cause they cant live together you are justifying all kinds of crimes . 
  the russians in eastukraine can use your argument as well . 
  and its not a long way to justify the holocaust with that, 
  yo that will help with your economy and taxes greece . 
  both sides are understandable , but not cause of the reasons you have given . 
  expelling masses of people is never ok , just because they have another ethnicity . 
  you are basically saying its ok to punish ethnic minorities . 
  this is a very bad behavior and is kinda nazistic . 
  but its understandable in some way after what happened in ww2 . 
  but i completly agree with your 2 . part, 
  expanding is wrong . 
  better throw poland out and make good deals with russia, 
  no need to predict . 
  their discriminated and in ghettos living blacks do that all the time, 
  scotland is always very welcom, 
  if you have the same opinion as trump you shall be worried . 
  trump is clever he spouts the shit the dumbest and most hating part of american society wants to hear . 
  its easy to troll them as fox news already did and layed the foundation, 
  lol this is the job of the bnd you naive moron, 
  saxony is becoming agricultural farmland pretty fast either way, 
  i dont care . 
  as long as i have to read racism and facism towards germans and refugees , muslims i wont try to write decent comments . 
  there are people with nicks like eichmannunchained posting . 
  you can fuck off, 
  the name, 
  even if you can question the reasons its a good step towards integration . 
  lawsuits instead of ravaging and fighting is an important step . 
  dont give them anything . 
  their politicians will never leave . 
  they would lose the posdibility to blame the eu for everything and farage would be jobless, 
  and ? 
  we already have 150 million on wellfare in eastern and southern europe .
