  the world is not an ecnomic microcosmos . 
  there are consequences you cant forsee . 
  people are emotional and can be cruel . 
  market hyperinflation led to ww2 . 
  but capitalists never care about people, 
  greece should pay back our money or leave the eu and eurozone . 
  if they are really poor they dont need an army , cause there would be nothing to steal, 
  as if financial advisors would be useful if you dont have your own knowledge . 
  they will just sell you anything that benefits them . 
  but you are so clever so you can tell why no expert ever forsees a crash and banks need to be rescued by the taxpayer despite knowing best, 
  you say that the conflicts are not symbolic . 
  but in the grand sheme they are . 
  you could rescue way more people from mentioned conditions . 
  everyone talks about ukraine , but 100.000 die of lacking water supply . 
  but noones cares . 
  screaming cause of the death in ukraine is only symbolism . 
  but that does not make the war in ukraine better , it is still a bad thing, 
  yes . 
  but everyone with a brain already knew that . 
  head of states and dictators arent stupid most of the time and have followed this route for a long time already . 
  `` capital in the twenty-first century '', 
  lol . 
  read `` capital in the twenty-first century '' , in this book it is shown that it is exactly the way round . 
  death is always bad . 
  bad way more people die of healthcare issues and poor conditions . 
  also people die of hunger etc all over the world . 
  funny some people always behave as if european lives are worth more, 
  the later . 
  one more catastrophic country with nukes would be bad, 
  in germany 15-33 % of the budget is used for military aquisitions . 
  i dont know data for greece . 
  but if you spend way more in aquisitions than that , than you shall think about not buying at all , cause badly paid and educated personal wont be very competent . 
  and the conflict did not escalate until now . 
  i honestly would have a bad feeling if ukraine would have nukes . 
  a corrupt unorganized country with a lot of revolutions . 
  its more unstable than north korea , pakistan and iran, 
  even sanctions against russia are debateable . 
  ukraine is not connected with us by any means.we will stand with eu or nato members ofc . 
  most of the germans did not think of ukraine as anything different than russia before this conflict . 
  thus it is logical that there is no emotional attachement to the ukrainian problem . 
  and what would you do with nukes ? 
  kill all people in your country and half of russians ? 
  also you gave them up because its expensive to sustain them . 
  np have a decent amount of people with russian origin here . 
  never had a problem . 
  seem to be harder working than germans, 
  we dont like our enemies have good pictures . 
  i see poland did not learn a lot, 
  `` no '' conversation sucessfully completed, 
  i have experienced asking a french in paris something in english normally results in him aswering you in french . 
  luckily i remember some staff from school, 
  cant believe that for germany . 
  most older people would not be able to hold a coversation . 
  asking for directions isnt a conversation for me . 
  so either they asked too many young people or we are boasting quite a lot, 
  sending second place to esc, 
  your 1 . comment was mean and not rational . 
  not your 2 . 
  this time you will only need one broomstick more than we have . 
  that said germans are very orderly, 
  working all day is easier if its always raining, 
  how can you be sure ? 
  crimea is missing you bad boy . 
  we wouldnt forget it, 
  yo can support your idea for the council . 
  but i guess its is 99 % percent unlikely . 
  the usa would never support anything like that , cause it would just make russia , china etc more important . 
  usa and europe work together on most issues . 
  iam sure your politicians are clever and will lead you decently, 
  ^ ^ true . 
  still your comment is not nice . 
  in case of a real war the current army is not important . 
  way more important how fast you can organise a wareconomy etc. 
  yeah , as history told us it would be useless to have a military with france . 
  in case of a war with russia they would run away after the first weeks and britain and germany would have to do all of the work, 
  you are right and wrong . 
  the usa has interests in europe as well . 
  dont believe for one second you have troops in europe cause you are so nice . 
  they also give you more influence in political questions . 
  but you are welcome to take all your troops away . 
  the germans wont mind, 
  good post . 
  +1 from germany, 
  usa world view in a nutshell . 
  army = country ; no army = no country . 
  no further questions needed, 
  sweden always eating denmark a few years in . 
  ukip ... and then ... even fn would probably not leave eu if they would get elected . 
  who else is there who says they dont want to be a part of eu . . and dont say some 3-5 % party pls, 
  in germany the anti-eu party would loose support after greece left . 
  besides there are nearly no anti-eu parties . 
  only more-spending parties, 
  germany and france did sell or will sell weapons to russia again . 
  hating on switzerland for this is retarded . 
  you can critizise the tendency to cherrypick eu staff , but its understandable . 
  each nations looks out for itself . 
  just let them go . 
  this constant talk is annoying . 
  better be over with it fast, 
  true .
