  that is surely going to get them more friends . 
  did the uk at least get a keychain in return for their membership fees ? 
  you could apply the same reasoning to nato . 
  latin !, 
  so we can call the battle groups with their correct names : legio i italica , legio ii germanica , legio iii gallica , and so on !, 
  i think the latter fini was probably the most sensible of the trio . 
  he was even disowned by berlusconi towards the end of his reign . 
  by continuing to obstruct every policy towards more integration ? 
  wait , is n't the president of the european commission the real boss ? 
  they were also expecting cameron to trigger art . 
  50 right away . 
  european nationalists ? 
  [ it 's finally ( of ) happening !, 
  why do you need that when you could build a dreamland in virtual reality where you will be * forever happy * ? 
  please gib research grants !, 
  we should also make sure that some words revert to the glorious romance language meaning :d `` actually '' does n't mean `` in reality '' , but `` now '' or something that is `` ongoing '' . 
  `` eventually '' does n't mean `` in the end '' , but `` in the event of '' . 
   are they even listening ? 
  the drumbeat of nationalist , eurosceptic populism reverberates around the continent . 
  public trust in the establishment is low - whether traditional politicans , bankers or eu bureaucrats - and mr juncker is an * unelected president * . 
  is the bbc journalist drunk ? 
  are n't all these jobs being stolen by eu migrants ? 
  hardly a reason to rejoice . 
  well even in italy they need to have served for at least 5 years iirc to get that . 
  all this could be avoided by proportional representation . 
  i wonder who is downvoting the video on youtube . 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  maybe they do n't like the way it is edited , or the soundtrack . 
  or maybe there are lots of brexiter youtubers . 
  if only the eu would let us comment on the yt video , we could find out , and hear their reasons . 
  i see , so just as a thought experiment , if theresa may wanted to become prime minister for life , would she just need a simple majority ( which she has ) to do it ? 
  i guess the queen would oppose it or dissolve the parliament . 
  but they or the next parliament could depose her and go on with it ? 
  do n't you find it a bit unsettling ? 
   different countries have very different political , legal and constitutional systems reflecting totally different histories . 
   ironically the fact that you want all countries to have similar ways in which their constitutions work and do n't accept that there are differences coming from different countries histories is an example of the inflexibility of the eu - one of the reasons for the leave vote . 
  it 's also ironic that your comment exemplifies british exceptionalism , through the `` totally different history '' of the united kingdom , i presume , when compared to the rest of the continent . 
  i do n't represent the eu administration sadly , but i do accept your differences . 
  my reason to object is that these differences are not , in my opinion , objectively better than the arrangements of other countries . 
  you 'll find that when a constitution needs to be changed , a simple majority wo n't cut it . 
  a referendum on europe is not the same thing as whether or not people want to institute say , a congestion charge . 
   anyone that wants to become a british citizen can apply to become one . 
  but , quite obviously , people that are not british citizens do not get the same rights as non-british citizens in relation to decisions about the uk . 
  you argument would be sound ** if ** uk law did n't also allow irish , maltese , cypriots ( all eu citizens ) and also commonwealth citizens to vote . 
  why on earth some eu countries could and others could not ? 
  what entitled citizens of some remote island to vote on the referendum more than us ? 
  the only reason i can see is that the other eu countries that could not vote , did not have the privilege of being invaded by the british empire . 
  it 's a matter of such importance that the choice of not requiring a qualified majority , at least , was appalling . 
  further , the referendum did not allow eu citizens in the uk to vote , the very people who will be most affected by this decision . 
  other countries do not put matters of foreign policy to referendum . 
  it was just a gamble , which he lost , badly . 
  this is the stupidest thing i have read this morning . 
  well rome was born as a pagan civilisation not as a christian one . 
  the majority of `` its '' accomplishments ( the wre ) are in the pagan period , which lasted longer than its christian period . 
  where were you guys when the wre suffered under horders of barbarians ? 
  thanks for all the help :d after justinian you left us on our own . 
  yes of course  there 's no denying what you say , but the roman empire `` i want to remember '' is the pagan one . 
  the apex of military conquests was reached while it still followed the romanised hellenic religion . 
  but i am no historian and i am sure that , whether or not christianity contributed to the downfall of the empire , has been debated to death . 
  the christian phase of the roman empire feels . . `` alien '' to me . 
  after constantinus ( included ) they were all traitors to the empire . 
  roman empire * was * intensifying . 
  you ca n't have a roman empire without rome . 
  western roman empire , * best roman empire !, 
  i also ca n't vote for the head of state in the uk . 
  but you could vote indirectly for the party that supported your preferred candidate for president of the commission . 
  further , there 's also proportional representation in the eu , which is lacking in the uk . 
  for a common person , not for a nation . 
  you do n't have an internal passport , though . 
  for those of us who buy in the idea of europe , moving to different cities within the same country is the same as moving to another city in europe . 
  yes i never understood why irish and commonwealth citizens could vote in the eu ref . 
  it was a big slap in the face to us eu citizens who live and work in the uk . 
  cameron could have easily won the ref , had he allowed us eu-non irish to vote . 
  that sure is a great argument against home-grown terrorists such as the recent ones . 
  certainly not under the current political climate . 
  but why is it a bad idea ? 
  you have a schengen lite with ireland , do n't you ? 
  what 's wrong with the rest of us ? 
  for a real trip into madness , you should have a look at the comments in the facebook post !, 
  it is not specified . 
  the american equivalent , esta , lasts for two years . 
  so i assume this etias would have a similar duration . 
  it 'd be simpler if we could just relocate the renaissance wing of the louvre in the uffizi :d, 
   this is why we should let protest parties rule in places where they can not do to much damage . 
  i am not sure rome qualifies as a place * where they can not do too much damage * . 
  they paid very dearly for it . 
  it 's very unlikely that raggi will still be around ( as mayor of rome ) in 2024 . 
  i think it 's unfair that she gets to decide the future of this candidacy . 
  it 's also very sad that they think a horizon of 8 years is not enough to at least improve the situation of rome . 
  every time a british asks me `` how are you ? '', 
  i die a little inside . 
  so many things to say . 
  `` fine , and you ? '', 
  to make matters even worse , if you say to an average italian that you live in the uk then it 's automatically london . 
  i have been trying for years to explain to some of my relatives that there are other cities besides london . 
  lol , i wonder if they were really thinking `` oh shit , they 're invading us !, 
  check your math . 
  you 're calculating 3/1000 instead of a percentage . 
  my only memory of the azores is that part in indiana jones and the fate of atlantis . 
  someday i 'll go check if the professor is still there .
