  maybe in the meantime , you could give us some 12-stars badges that we could sew up on our clothes . 
  [ he does n't think so . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/jan/03/prince-charles-meddling-monarch-royal-neutrality ), 
  it 's not the same . 
  any citizen can become head of state . 
  if you are not born from the right family you can not ever become king/queen , no matter how hard you try , no matter how talented you are . 
  it is the principle of someone not being equal to their `` fellow man '' by virtue of birthright . 
  the first article of the un human rights declaration !, 
  but why would you be registered with a doctor there if you are not a resident ? 
  why would you need to go to a public office there if you live somewhere else ? 
  only people whose only `` business '' in venice is sightseeing would end up paying . 
  you could have residents issue you a temporary permit if you are going to visit someone who lives there , similar to how some residential complexes have a `` visitor '' parking permit they can give to friends and relatives when they stop by . 
  then , it might not be so outlandish to have an entry tax for all non-residents , including italians . 
  sure as soon as we repatriate all of europe 's renaissance art ... are n't you also missing , say a few marbles ? 
  london has a congestion tax that i assume applies to all non residents . 
  unbelievable how so many people support the * principle * of a monarchy . 
  i am a lecturer at a british university . 
  my research is in vr , so there are not a lot of places where i could go . 
  it might happen . 
  but i think it 's more likely in sicily than in puglia or calabria . 
  there are of course often days when it * feels * like  40c due to humidity . 
  i think the usual range is 30-35 during the day . 
  well , i 'm considering a range of options . 
  i 'd like to remain in europe . 
  unfortunately what i do can not be done everywhere . 
  put yourself in the mind of a federalist !, 
  before my illusion was shattered , i considered moving from southern italy to the uk as a move not different from going anywhere else in italy . 
  i have to get on a plane to go to milan from where i was from . 
  just another hour and i 'm in london . 
  having to apply for a visa or work permit to continue staying seems something not different from an internal passport , something out of a dystopian nightmare of a police state . 
  i 'm exaggerating , but that is what it feels like to me . 
  then again , if i really have to live outside the eu , then it has to be outside the eu for real !, 
  at least , i 'll be able to find a better climate in the us or in australia . 
  if only italian universities hired regularly * and * the government really supported research . 
  maybe , someday . . 
  if eu citizens can not visit the uk in the future with their id cards , that 's going to be massive hassle , at least for the influx of italians . 
  i know they have special signs for us at stansted :d saying not to use the id card ... but very few people i know have a passport if they are not used to intercontinental travel . 
  good news for the reu countries i guess . 
  my life certainly changed . 
  i was thinking of staying in the uk indefinitely , perhaps even buying a house . 
  now i am not so sure and am set towards leaving . 
  i much prefer moschino for my casual clothing and armani for the rest . 
  high fashion master race :d ^ for ^ the ^ one-two ^ items ^ i ^ can ^ afford ^ each ^ year ... 
  they would move ... * where * ? 
  to an extra-eu ruk ? 
  what would be the point ? 
  let 's see how good your piece of wood will be against the might of the roman legions :d, 
  technically it 's a completely different nation . 
  but yes they are geographically in italy , speak italian and use the euro . 
  and you call yourselves romanians , * romans * ? 
  it was originally a roman holiday , the * feriae augusti * . 
  but it 's also likely to fail seeing as how a lot of people will vote against him rather than on the merits of the reform . 
  like for the brexit referendum . 
  then the british must be the italians of northern europe . 
  all `` ethnic british '' in my office start to disappear after 16 . 
  those who are actually in the office . 
  you can work from home . 
  myself and a romanian colleague are usually always the last ones to go . 
  there is a building warden who routinely kicks us out . 
  maybe they are just more efficient than us . 
  yes i know they might be picking kids up or something like that but at least in our line of work ( university ) there is a very easy and visible way of checking their contributions . 
  i noticed that too when i went to athens last week . 
  it was usually for small purchases like water or a fridge magnet . 
  one restaurant i went had a sign saying `` the customer can refuse payment if not presented with a request for payment '' . 
  strangely enough it was somewhat distant from monastiraki . 
  do you have a finance police like in italy ? 
  maybe you can lend us boris johnson to stand up to putin ? 
  i 'm not sure about the relaxed lifestyle . 
  on paper italians work more than some northern europeans . 
  even nominally , italy has a 40 hours work week as opposed to the uk 's 37.5 . 
  i 'd say it 's also about decades of bad politicians , reflected in the mindset of their voters . 
  in italy there 's a larger percentage of people who want to cheat the system . 
  the average italian complains that the government does n't do enough against tax avoiders and then complains when there is a crackdown . 
  some still wo n't give you a receipt * because the true thieves are in the parliament * . 
  how many times i heard from doctors * `` it 's 150 $ with the receipt or 120 $ without '' * ? 
  maybe it is the fact that we are historically perceived as too lenient . 
  without certainty of punishment this kind of behaviour has flourished . 
  yes there are a few communities in salento , and also in calabria and sicilia . 
  i think they talk an italianised version of greek now though . 
  have n't ever met any but they should still be around . 
  within puglia , taranto is the most underrated . 
  it was once the capitol of magna grecia , the greek colonies in italy before the romans . 
  there are still a few ruins , an aragonese castle and the ( only ? ), 
  rotating bridge . 
  unfortunately the city was blighted by the presence of one among the biggest metal working complexes in europe . 
  italy being italy , many people living around the industrial area died of leukemia or cancer . 
  they still have n't fully rectified the situation . 
  saying that * i know people who know other people ... * always causes general hilarity . 
  i hope the doubt consumes them ... 
  was in gothenborg in june . 
  it was around 20 + c. 
  saw the locals wearing coats and jackets . 
  i was among the few in short sleeves . 
  what happened to you ? 
  i thought southern italy was hot till i experienced athens at nearly 40c . 
  i 'm never visiting the middle east , not until they invent the suit from dune !, 
  italian here . 
  i visited athens recently and i understand your plight , as i live in the uk . 
  where did we go so wrong that it is n't the other way around ? 
  northern europeans coming south for the climate , history , art , and better job opportunities ?
