  in these past few months my salary has lost more than 10 % of its value , in something i had no voice on . 
  in the end , this is what matters to me , and you 'll excuse me for not being happy about the result . 
  it 's unbelievable , every day that goes by the situation worsens . 
  i do n't know if another holocaust will ever happen , but brexit looks like it wants to be a contender . 
   if you really think it was non-binding , consider this - can you imagine how you would feel if remain had won the referendum but because it was n't binding the government decided to leave anyway ? 
  of course , it is an absurd idea . 
  if the government held a referendum to declare theresa may prime minister for life , and the people democratically decided to grant her that power , would you feel that the government should go through with it ? 
  you 'll be aware that undemocratic consequences have been achieved through democratic means . 
  i do n't think it 's inconceivable to say that the brexit result has also been heavily influenced by emotions , rather than facts . 
  that is also why some countries do not allow referendums on foreign treaties . 
  i feel that leaving the eu is on `` the wrong side of history '' as it undoes decades of integration . 
  you voted for it , you 're going to get it . 
  i have no doubts , however , that someday the next generations will realise the mistake of their ancestors . 
   hard brexit is my strong preference . 
  the fact that remainers are in denial makes it more likely . 
  if they joined in the debate about what brexit would look like , they would have more influence in the agenda . 
  sorry , i do n't buy that . 
  the leave campaign should have come up with a plan , together with the government , to draft an outline of the uk negotiating stance . 
  they ( leavers ) did n't do that because they never expected to actually win . 
  instead , leavers sold the poeple lies and an illusion . 
  i know that , but i also listened to his speech about europe . 
  he seemed really uninspired and forced . 
  not once he talked about the dream that europe stands for . 
  it was just about trade , workers ' right protection and so on , which are of course important , but there was not an ounce of euro-federalism in it . 
  well , the traditional northern labour voter is in for a hell of a ride ... 
  i do n't know , ask dr who to go back in time and elect miliband ? 
  :d it was after all a non-binding referendum . 
  they would just need to find someone willing to fall on their sword and be done with it . 
  instead , it looks like they will be going full-on towards * hard brexit * . 
  well , i for one , was expecting more from the 48 % . 
  instead you have jeremy corbyn who from my perspective looks like he either does n't care at all or might even be an accomplice of the whole disaster . 
  protests seems to have ended ( never saw anyone protesting where i live , on the south coast of the uk ) , everyone looks either totally unconcerned or completely resigned to the inescapability of the future . 
  they must have told him that in an * unpredictable turn of events , the uk is going to adopt the euro . 
  i think the eu will still be here long after we 've gone . 
  but two years is not that much . 
  2 years `` is the eu still alive ? '', 
  you think the eu 's lifespan is less than two years ? 
  in order to participate to an eu grant , the research must be conducted in a eu member state or `` associated country '' . 
  the uk might get that status . 
  it depends on the negotiations , and if i 'm not mistaken , all countries must agree to it . 
  since iirc eu research funding is one area where the uk gets more than it contributes , it is not unconceivable that countries like france or germany might say no to protect their own researchers . 
  a londoner does have advantages in terms of immigration in the uk , compared to an indian . 
  as does a mancunian , as does a glaswegian , and so on . 
  if you do n't buy in the idea that a parisian , a florentine , a berliner , etc. 
  are all citizens of the same union , if you see them as just citizen of their home countries and not as europeans , then of course your reasoning making sense . 
  i do buy into that idea . 
  i think it should be one of the goals of humankind to work towards abolishing borders worldwide . 
  in an ideal world everyone should be able to live wherever they want . 
  the eu was a big step towards that goal . 
  i just had my students perform an entry test to evaluate their maths skills . 
  the average is 22/100 . 
  i was educated in italy , and it 's still hard for me to understand why the minimum mark to pass is 40 % ( in italy it would be 60 % ) , and the mechanism of the `` pass by compensation '' . 
  from my perspective , it 's absurd to think that you can get a degree while failing a unit . 
  then again , you also have draconian rules in the fact that if you fail a year you have to do it again from scratch . 
  whereas in italy you do n't have to do all units in a year ( and that 's why in italy a degree takes longer ) . 
  because i do n't want to be citizen of a country that says that she does n't want other fellow europeans , not just those from my country , to live here anymore . 
    i work in a british university but i sure do n't want to be left behind . 
   left behind ? 
  i do n't know what you mean by this . 
  well modern research is all about collaboration . 
  if the uk will no longer be part of the erc , then british universities will be at a disadvantage compared to continental institutions . 
  i do n't trust the government to match $ for $ the erc contributions . 
  of course , with the abysmal acceptance rate they have , i might not even win them , but i want to have that option . 
  then , whenever we have had some fixed term research contract , no british person ever turned up . 
  i always had to hire other eu people . 
  finding the right people for the job will become harder , and if a project is assigned to people who are not capable enough , all involved will be affected . 
  post-brexit uk might make this process more complex . 
  i think they might be referring to fake-ish british universities that provide degrees that some foreign students use as a pretense to come into the country and then disappear . 
  exactly , i was planning to buy a house here in the uk , now my long-term future is all up for discussion . 
  i feel i have been betrayed by the country i had made my home for the past five years . 
  in previous years , `` going to london to work as a barista/waiter/waitress '' was very popular . 
  indeed in london it is not unusual to find italian-speaking assistants in costa , caffe ' nero , and so on . 
  some of them went on to find better jobs i suppose . 
  but with the uk out of the eu , the `` i want to go abroad and i 'll survive by working as a barista '' will stop coming as they would probably not qualify for more skilled positions outright . 
  they will choose somewhere else . 
  as a result , i 'm afraid that in 5-10 years finding a decent espresso will become a nightmare :d i work in a british university but i sure do n't want to be left behind . 
  that 's true , i recently was shopping on amazon uk to buy a new pc and was surprised that prices were not only more expensive in terms of pounds ( for equivalent components , i.e. 
  top-end cpu , top-end motherboard by same manufacturer ) if compared to prices from two years ago , but also more expensive in euros than it was before of course . 
  result : ordered everything from amazon.de . 
   uk also has historical reasons . 
  such as ? 
  the british empire ? 
  the hundread years war ? 
  the napoleonic wars ? 
  the britons ' overthrow of the roman empire during the decline ? 
   uk will be a member of g7 , g20 , nato , united nations security council , commonwealth , imf , world bank , wto etc etc. 
  well i 'm sorry but the uk will be a diminished voice in all of those institutions . 
  your voice carried weight because of the eu . 
   it is the home of the global language i 'm curious as to whether brexit will give momentum to the emergence of a `` european '' english . 
  it was referred to as [ `` etias '' ] ( https://www.euractiv.com/section/global-europe/news/non-eu-citizens-will-pay-to-enter-the-schengen-area-under-future-etias-scheme/ ) . 
  switzerland has their historical reasons and is still required to integrate to some extents with the eu . 
  when you leave , you 'll have decided to turn your back to the rest of the eu . 
  and from the looks of it , it does n't seem likely that you will go for some sort of eea agreement . 
  it could turn into isolationism . 
  well there has been some talk of an esta-like system for europe . 
  if the uk implements something similar , if average jean or giovanni want to go see a gig , will they decide to go to the non-eu tour date , or will they go see the one in the eu ? 
  i 'm more worried about the future of the uk outside the eu . 
  not from an economic perspective but more from a cultural one . 
  you 'll have future generations born outside the eu , without ever having known what it was like . 
  this either will cause further resentment or envy .
