  no pretenders for the roman or byzantine empire left ? 
  there was a [ failed golpe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golpe_borghese ) in italy a few years before . 
  actually they are reforming it and it looks pretty good . 
  look up the `` italicum '' . 
  opinions might change a lot when they 're presented with the cold reality of being outside the eu . 
  just went back to italy from gatwick . 
  every single time they lose their place in the queue and we have to wait 30-60 mins . 
  on the drinking , it 's a cultural difference . 
  italians prefer eating and talking rather than drinking pint after pint . 
  i remember when i went to zante for the summer holidays . 
  i was in laganas , and in the main road there was club after club . 
  they were all managed by brits . 
  the guys at the entrance in some places asked where we were from . 
  if you said that you were from italy they had a special ticket that you had to buy to get in . 
  brits got in free . 
  why ? 
  brits drank a lot , italians maybe a few drinks . 
  we were there mostly for the girls , and you needed to be sober !, 
  ( this was way back in 2004 !, 
  italians have always been like that ), 
  i live in the uk . 
  i consider the lack of bidets and faucets with temperature mixers as medieval ... but if you 're happy like that :d, 
  that 's just semantics . 
  texas could be leaving the us but would still be in north america . 
  do you think they would ( assuming the us would let them ) depart amicably with no hard feelings ? 
  technically it 's hemp . 
  which raises some doubts about the `` italian-ness '' of the map author . 
  it 's very odd to use that word to mean cannabis/marijuana . 
  no euro and no schenghen ? 
  it 's affecting me and others in similar situations . 
  i will soon go home and my pounds will buy fewer euros now . 
  my salary has already lost 10 % of its buying power . 
  when the aliens/russians invade would it be better to have 27 different ways to react or a unified single response ? 
  please do get out , have your own adigexit !, 
  are you the only scotsman who voted leave ? 
  :d how do you feel that the rest if your countrymen want to drag you back in ? 
  it 's not yet out in europe . 
  i suggest you take the time to read it . 
  i 'd say that treccani is a reputable source and it lists several references . 
  tl ; dr prices did n't double , they increased slightly in some sectors and more in others ( restaurants , insurance ) . 
  i would say that it 's amazing that despite all problems ( corruption , stagnation , inefficiency , lack of investments in research & innovation ) italy is still the 8th economy in the world . 
  it could be so much better . 
  i did n't say that they doubled . 
  from what i remember , most of the increases were due to `` psychological '' prices . 
  eg prices that when converted in $ were some odd number . 
  of course most shops decided to round it up towards the nearest 5c or 0c rather than down . 
  i agree with you that it was mostly a myth . 
  many other consumer goods , e.g. 
  technology is now cheaper than it was before . 
  but you hear a lot of people complain about this in italy , so if they wish somebody would have done better at the time , they forget who was in charge . 
  [ this page ] ( http://www.treccani.it/enciclopedia/inflazione-e-inflazione-percepita-euro_\\ ( xxi-secolo \\ ) / ) has more information ( in italian ) . 
  indeed that 's why i used the word * transition * and not `` entry into the euro '' . 
  the euro came into being in 1999 . 
  berlusconi was in power for much of the early period , from 2001 to 2005 . 
  maybe prodi could have done more to ensure a more favourable exchange rate ( which i doubt ) , but berlusconi did absolutely nothing to stop or at least mitigate the price hikes , especially after the lira was retired . 
  being from the 80s ( 1982 ) i was one of the `` early adopters '' . 
  so i witnessed the slow adoption of the internet . 
  so in that sense , yes , italy has been slow to catch up . 
  right now i would say that everyone that i know from my generation has an online presence . 
  perhaps this phenomenon is mostly focused in rural areas ? 
  i was originally from the south , although from the more `` metropolitan '' areas of taranto and bari . 
  however , when it comes to online commerce you 're absolutely right . 
  trying to explain to friends why it 's safe to buy online is like trying to explain to a brexiteer that the eu is n't undemocratic . 
  they are all scared that they will be robbed and lose their money . 
  but i guess it 's changing . 
  there 's amazon in italy and several other websites for all kinds of things , so it must not be so bad . 
  i wonder how bad facebook would be if more of my italian friends would be in it ... 
  thank god they think it 's useless ... . 
  it would be even worse outside the euro . 
  could you imagine how long a new lira would last as a. . . reputable currency ? 
  are you referring to the rarity of credit cards where you can just pay your interests ? 
  i do n't think that 's necessarily a bad thing . 
  not you personally of course , just the british doomsayers . 
  lord heseltine for example believes the uk will join the euro eventually . 
  you 've been saying that since the euro was created ... 
  well i 'm already worse off . 
  i live in the uk . 
  my salary is already worth 10 % less . 
  in a few weeks i 'll go back to italy for the holidays and where before i could get $ 130 for # 100 , now if i 'm lucky i 'll get $ 115 . 
  and i 'm sure it will get worse before it gets better . 
  we 've already been through 20 years of berlusconi :d not even him could unleash such a catastrophe . 
  20 years `` did the uk rejoin the eu ? '', 
  the good thing about all of this , is that in 10-15 years time , when ~ ~ the uk ~ ~ england will inevitably apply to rejoin the eu you will finally have to adopt the euro and enter shenghen !, 
  that 's awesome , seriously  before brexit i was sure that i would never have seen the euro in the uk in my lifetime . 
  now , scotland might get it , and there 's a real possibility england will eventually !, 
  but what if there was a cross-party opposition against may ? 
  ie labour + green + tory leadsom supporters . 
  unlikely , but in principle ... 
  exactly how juncker was appointed . 
  but no , he had to be an unelected dictator . 
  what about the house of lords ? 
  or the fptp system ? 
  or the queen !, 
  but sep 9 does n't change anything , from a formal point of view . 
  it 's just the day they announce the tory leader . 
  every eu citizen can come and stay , until the uk officially leaves . 
  the status of every eu citizen including those who are already here will only be decided in the negotiations !, 
  i think it must refer to the skin complexion . 
  thanks rizzoli :d and now c'mon portugal !!, 
  i do n't understand farage 's resignation .
