  truly lovely . 
  what about antwerp ? 
  is it worth it ? 
  see it during the carnival !, 
  i thought it was the most beautiful city on earth . 
  i must say paris but not for the city itself but for the food . 
  i consider myself lucky after having survived the `` steak tartare '' . 
  we tried to stay off the beaten path and eat away from tourist traps . 
  in the end we gave up on french cuisine and resorted to foreign restaurants . 
  we found a lovely african restaurant ( where you eat with your hands , ca n't remember exactly where ) and that was really worth it . 
  i ate much better in provence ( arles ) . 
  i was just there : i absolutely loved athens much more than any of the other european capitals i have been . 
  i am a huge lover of roman/classical history so it was like walking in an open air museum , like in rome . 
  and the food !, 
  yes the infrastructure was n't so great and outside the centre it looked like an endless sprawl . 
  we wandered off but at least 30m on foot from monastiraki we always felt safe ( during the day ) . 
  i think rome absolutely needed some kind of roman acropolis visible from all across the city !, 
   see how a well-traveled person like antonio conte only now gets to learn english , when appointed as manager of chelsea ) . 
  talk about gross overgeneralizations !, 
  he was a footballer , they usually do n't have time to continue or engage full time with their educations . 
  nowadays everybody in italy studies english , with different degree of success surely ... but now things are much improved from conte 's times . 
  [ not true !, 
  ] ( https://youtube.com/watch?v=mkys6y5twt0 ) find an italian friend to translate it , it 's worth it :d, 
  why are we not funding this ?!? 
  it 'd be so much simpler !, 
  in italy you pay taxes depending on income . 
  i think i paid around $ 500 every year for 6 years . 
  my parents paid living expenses and the cost of living in another city ( an average of 250 $ x month plus extra for a single room ) . 
  now , as a lecturer in the uk i can not understand why anyone would miss even one lecture when they are paying so much . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  the tourist revenue . 
  before moving here i have also been a tourist in london . 
  but i did n't come here to see the queen but the city . 
  none of all my friends who visited london has ever been inside buckingham palace . 
  at most they take a picture at the gates before moving on . 
  i 'd say big ben ( sorry `` elizabeth tower '' ) brings more people to london than the queen . 
  for example camden town is much more effective in attracting the hipsterish crowd . 
  i 'd argue that if there was no royal family you might even get more tourists as former royal sites would be much more available to the public . 
  people did n't stop visiting versailles or the royal sites in austria or italy after the kings were gone . 
  will charles be as good as elizabeth in maintaining the tourist revenue ? 
  as a european in the uk with a republican heart , i do n't see my views adequately represented by the state broadcaster . 
  to my eyes , they appear too eager to make blanket statements about how `` the nation rejoices '' for the birth of a new heir . 
  i 'm not saying they should run headlines like `` woman has child '' or `` toddler has birthday '' , but for all the time they have dedicated to those who complained about the eu 's unelected officials i 'm sure they could spare a few moments about the most unelected of them all . 
  they are doing it with my money too . 
  they never talk about how anachronistic the institution of the monarchy is , how insulting of human equality the whole concept is , etc. 
  at most , they sometimes let the ceo of republic uk talk . 
  unfortunately after brexit i 'm afraid they have bigger problems now . 
  my second pet peeve about the bbc is that some of their journalists have an apparent disdain for the metric system :d, 
  not when they talk about the royal family . 
  then they lose all their supposed impartiality . 
  it 's not but i personally think this is a `` phase '' the uk `` is going through '' . 
  opinions will change during the years . 
  you 'll have to , when you inevitably apply to rejoin , 
  they just need a small political `` sacrifice '' . 
  trump will last for 4 , maybe 8 years . 
  brexit will take much longer . 
  maybe the eu will let you rejoin in 10-15 years at the earliest , after you are gone . 
  that is if , if trump does n't start a nuclear war !, 
  tell that to the m5s people . 
  if they win the next general elections , there might be a very minor possibility of a referendum on the euro . 
  even in their party only the utterly ignorant want that but they said they wanted to change the eu from within . 
  i think the main issue is the severe lack of secular muslims ( compared to secular people born in countries of christian/pagan heritage ) . 
  i mean people who are * really * religious in the west are a minority now . 
  i visited venice during the carnival . 
  it was absolutely wonderful . 
  there 's no city on earth that can compare . 
  is it still 12 $ for a coffee in piazza san marco ? 
  well it was only fair : you won in italy in 1990 and we returned the favour in 2006 . 
  then you won again in 2014 !, 
  now it 's time for us to win another world cup again . 
  we do n't really want to risk giving you guys bragging rights !, 
  are there any hopes of getting high-speed trains apart from london-manchester routes ? 
  it was 10 years ago . 
  but yes , even then i was expecting a three-digits fine minimum . 
  it was kind of weird , it was an unmarked police car which all of a sudden started zigzagging in front of me . 
  i was all `` what the hell are they doing ! '', 
  then they switched on a display in the rear-window saying something in german and i stopped . 
  i was also a few hundred meters from the exit towards the austrian border . 
  a few more minutes and i could have managed a classic escape !, 
  i mean the policeman was right of course and i paid on the spot . 
  perhaps naively , it did n't even occur to me that i was doing anything wrong . 
  everyone does it in italy ( and also in the uk , where i 'm living now ) :d now i try to avoid driving in the middle when i can . 
  later i learned that it is an offence in italy too , but i have never seen it enforced . 
  actually i have never seen any type of motorway road offences enforced ( in the sense that a police car runs up to you and makes you stop ) . 
  if you are caught speeding , you get a letter in the mail . 
  why ? 
  did they fine you ? 
  i was fined by the german police once : 10 $ . 
  i was driving in the middle lane . 
  it was the day after the 2006 final and i was driving back to italy . 
  maybe the fact that i had put the italian flag in the rear window did n't help . 
  i 'm going to athens next week !, 
  apart from the obvious touristy things what would you recommend ? 
  spqe ? 
  ( i hope it 's the correct declension ), 
  staff it with uk-based researchers !, 
  it 's not like the eu kicked you out . 
  you could have avoided this mess . 
  there is some controversy . 
  some roman historians never explicitly acknowledge him .
