well , that is true . 
  but that is problem of misinformation on their part and with merkel welcoming refugees . 
  it made it like germany is only country that actually welcomes them and well sweden ... everyone from balkan people to other conflict struck countries . 
  i think these things are extremely short term thoughts . 
  if people do not invest in these countries and get them rid of their problems , these immigrants will not go . 
  you can not expect people from former yugoslavia to return to that sinkhole . 
  many people would like to cause they love their country . 
  but that is hard to when you can not find job and stable life there and that is of priority for the people . 
  same with syrians and other african immigrants . 
  problem is that there is no easy way out . 
  if we split , we will be burdened by tarifs , border controls , weakened trade relations etc. 
  if we stay , we need to fight for change . 
  and even if we stay and fight , we do not know what to fight for . 
  many people say that they do not want quotas and these immigrants . 
  but where would they go ? 
  germany ? 
  full of them . 
  countries near their own ? 
  already packed with them . 
  saudi arabia and more rich countries ? 
  how would you get them there ? 
  for example immigrants make 1/3 of whole population of jordan . 
  around 5000 immigrants to czech republic ... huh , i thought there would be more . 
  even if they all went to prague , you would have to really scour it to see at least one of them . 
  worst problem will be integration . 
  kinda hard or even impossible to get them into our culture and way of thinking . 
  i am even for screenings to to root out obvious radicals . 
  i am all for helping normal people willing to adapt and live in peace with local populace . 
  and where would we go then ? 
  without eu or germany behind our asses , there is not that many logical decisions for us to take . 
  we are not switzerland . 
  this is something to be fought inside eu not by destroying it , but reforming it . 
  this quota bullshit is not good . 
  those immigrants do not want to go elsewhere but their `` dream countries '' , which means they will probably cause problems and be unsatisfied , blaming their host country for every little thing that happened in their lives ( generalisation , but it will probably happen ) . 
  besides most czechs are probably in the boiling point , when it comes to muslims so introducing them to populace is also not good . 
  they are not ready for that . 
  i would agree about deals with other non-european countries and other things you are suggesting though . 
  as a serb living in czech republic , i would say this is special trait known to pretty much all countries of former yugoslavia . 
  there should be regional tournament in this shit . 
  what is so funny about the name krk , may i ask ? 
  in czech language krk is neck . 
  in czech republic , we had people mistaking chimney sweeper for immigrant . 
  then there was case when few woodsmen stacking cut wood were mistaken for immigrants building fortifications ( lol ) . 
  do holy firetrucks give bonus to fighting fire ? 
  after yugoslav wars , i got disgusted with notion of national states so i would either not fight or fight for eu as whole . 
  besides by defending eu , you are also defending your country and making sure that war does not come there . 
  as a person who was shunned by country , where i was born , i do not really care . 
  besides my family is ethnically sooo over the europe that i do consider myself more european than being serb , croat or whatever . 
  might get hate for this , but i do not care . 
  how can he be racist when just post or two before you have said that he should educate himself on difference between race and religion . 
  you should educate yourself on meaning of racist . 
  besides sarcasm was evident in his previous posts , dunno how you can not see it . 
  there is really no need to use / s when it is so blatant . 
  so serbs are wildlings ? 
  kakat in czech , kakati in croatian and kakiti in serbian . 
  it seems we all shit the same . 
  i sometimes wonder why we even listen to governments , if they cant do anything properly . 
  we have right to revolt ( unless governments deny this thus denying themselves ) . 
  i am for european union , but with different leadership . 
  they are trampling on the whole european union and on citizens of their respective countries . 
  also i do not think that accepting immigrants is the only thing that we should do ( at max it is only temporary thing ) . 
  i would say that making joint task force to send to syria and dealing with isis would be the best thing , but i am not well versed in the political theory to fully see the consequences of that move . 
  aaaah bringing back the old roman traditions back . 
  just with bit of modern spin . 
  i am personally satisfied with eu and want it to get more stable and continue with its efforts . 
  i also want later down the line ( 10-20 years ) to let the rest of balkan countries in as i myself am from there ( czech citizen for some time now ) . 
  this is the same problem that led to fall of yugoslavia . 
  people feel that their money is stolen and they do not get anything back . 
  but it will be in interest of every state to develop also its non-developed region to keep up with others . 
  i have seen things built with eu money and i certainly liked most of the investments . 
  plenty of touristic and infrastructural things . 
  and lot of czechs will always find something to complain about . 
  beer task force is a go . 
  i would support that . 
  i think our navy is so big that we should start to project our power outside the czech republic . 
  we will remake this ship into helicopter carrier and with it we will protect our interests around the world xd, 
  i have been talking being bros in sense of states . 
  and yes , history shows that american people do like to do that ( one example being spanish civil war = abraham lincoln brigade ) i have held for long time view that i did not like the american government , but loved american people . 
  how open , friendly , helping and adventurous they are . 
  just imagine space ship orp warszawa flying in space and it is gon na be much better ( size of the ship left to the imagination of reader ) . 
  actually , i do not expect full joint military in next 20 years ( anything can happen though ) , but split into westcorps , eastcorps , scandicorps and balkancorps ( that one would be shitstorm though and least possible to happen due to everyone hating each other ) with each mantaining their sector defence . 
  it is by no means an easy task , but task that we should probably strive for as to strengthen our own defence . 
  these armies could also be used to help with natural disasters whenever they happen . 
  i know , i did not mean it in literal sense . 
  there is not that many cases of being `` bro '' in history . 
  if any at all . 
  on one hand , i like that usa are being such bros , but on the other hand , i would rather have joint european military . 
  and they still can not into space :( one day , one day we will see space poland . 
  i would like it much faster , preferably now . 
  we all really need it . 
  and i mean that balkan-wide , not just former yugoslavia . 
  when we will get quality netherlands animu ? 
  problem is how long will that take us ? 
  will it be 5 years , 50 years or 500 years ? 
  would change name to european empire 10/10 besides when you do toasts , it just feels better to say : `` to the prosperity of the empire ! '', 
  than `` to the prosperity of the union ! '', 
  he is the hero balkan deserves, 
  i am certainly for this project . 
  i love that we are again striving for space and reaching beyond the orbit of earth . 
  moon base could be used as stepping stone for our expansion throughout solar system and beyond .
