  well , that is goal of eu . 
  ever closer union ... 
  personal one that is . 
  i propose that we put kebab in museum for the prestige buff . 
  got ta flaunt your victories . 
  i hope so . 
  and merkel gets augustus trait so that could help mantain the state . 
  so our final solution is to erase it ? 
  ( i feel like i am going over the edge , but those sentences are just writing themselves , halp ), 
  and we can count on you guys to provide them best hygiene experience . 
  one that they will not forget . 
  got ta love those tall showers . 
  ah , i feel like i pushed it too far ... or did i ? 
  it is the size of one european battlegroup , which is what i think is what they were aiming for ? 
  besides this can always be expanded . 
  have you heard about [ this ] ( https://euobserver.com/migration/133949 ) ? 
  the construction kit thing is also interesting . 
  and european army would save imo so much money on logistics as every army uses different types of armament so when it comes to finding that one specific part so that you can repair your tank/plane/ifv it is better to be standartized . 
  honestly , english is extremely easy to learn language given how many culture and free time things are written or said in english . 
  while other languages have also plenty of rich history and literature , english still seeps through the society . 
  living example of power of english is this subreddit . 
  we are all from different parts of europe , but we all have common language in english . 
  new roman empire ? 
  we just need to conquer rest of the coast of mediterranean and we are set . 
  heck we will be better than romans . 
  / s just to make sure . 
  rip :( ( ( ( this makes me feel so sad . 
  the movies that he was in were my childhood . 
  no it is not troll comment , but a normal question , so can you please answer without dodging it ? 
  made me cry a bit inside . 
  slav is strong in you . 
  what has uk that would interest eu that is not owned by eu or companies that are based in eu or elsewhere in the world ? 
  i feel that uk should not be punished , but that does not mean that they should keep all their rights that they had pre-brexit . 
  leaving has consequences and eu should act with them same they act with non-candidate state . 
  then why op said that they are suddenly critical of eu . 
  does not make any sense . 
  it got ignored by whom ? 
  by government or by eu ? 
  is eu even supposed to react to such things ? 
  it is the responsibility of government to respond to these and put it into eu and if you got low support from other states then it is given you will be ignored . 
  what we need are not nation wide referendums but eu wide ones when dealing with external stuff that is subject to referendum ( so not every thing should be solved by referendum ) . 
  of course some big internal issues should be solved by referendum , but even such things will create friction and it will have losing sides , same like brexit . 
  citizens though should be wayyyy more informed about the things they vote on , not just vote with `` heart '' which is biggest bullshit as economics nor politics are run on heart , but money . 
  cue `` eye of the tiger '' song and start rolling montage, 
  i dunno if he means us as in commonwealth or us as in canada itself or uk . 
  seriously , who is this `` us '' ? 
  though i guess it is the migrant crisis and our way of dealing with it ( which sucks , but that is totally different discussion . 
  as for euro cup , such is life . 
  czechs take it i think easier as this is not main sport they are interested in . 
  hockey on the other hand ... 
  he is talking about our planned invasion into canada to obtain maple syrup , herr generaloberst . 
  i doubt spain will have the will to leave looking at the post-brexit developments with scotland and northern ireland as spain has their own independence movements . 
  they are very eager though to get gibraltar . 
  as most of people in gibraltar voted remain . 
  czechout is better but i do not want it to happen and i do not see it happening as we are too connected to eu ( or to be precise , to germany ) that any exit would cripple us even more than uk, 
  pagan ( or actually polytheistic in general ) religions always seemed more interesting to read about than most abrahamic religions . 
  it would be nice to see paganist religions spring up more in europe . 
  did you try turning your god on and off ? 
  there is also czech movie called in english dark blue world . 
  damn fine movie imo . 
  it is more about czechoslovak pilots and it is from 2001 . 
  you spend 2.2 % of your gdp on military . 
  i think 2 % is the ammount nato is aiming for ? 
  ( i am not sure about that , would need clarification ) ... and you are high on the of the list when it comes to spending the gdp on army . 
  still turkish army is 4x bigger so i guess even with this you will need help of allies . 
  but turkish attack is in no way viable since most of the countries in balkans would probably aid you . 
  and if not countries , then people certainly would . 
  plus rugged and extremely defensible terrain with not friendly populace would ruin them imo . 
  it is interesting that turkey has bigger army than even the germany . 
  did not expect that one . 
  hopefully nothing will happen and someday turkey and greece will get along . 
  that is why i proposed these things ... it is still not common united army , but it would certainly be step to one . 
  when would it be created ? 
  who knows , but the steps to unification of europe should be made . 
  i think it would just lead to creation of interest blocks like visegrad group or creation of scandinavian group . 
  i would not would not say that we have different history as the history we had was mostly pummeling each so common history is there to some extent :d, 
  i personally think this is way too far away , but steps to put states closer to each other should certainly be undertaken . 
  just wish the politicians would take their heads out of the dirt and look around and start solving problems instead of just making false promises . 
  how about standartisation of european equipment . 
  that could bring about greater ease of maintenance as everyone would use same type of parts and units would not be low on parts just because they are training in different country . 
  another thing could be to tier the armaments into few tiers and those should be subject to standartization like i mentioned before . 
  countries that cant support good quality army would simply use tier or two lower armament . 
  next step would be to make these tiers have interchangeable parts between themselves . 
  also we could split production between different states so that the citizens can feel they and their state are contributing to mutual defense even more by making some kind of armament or tool that could be used by army just throwing my ideas around . 
  that would be damn costly unless they started treating prisoners like nazis did . 
  well yeah they tend to be the strongest opponents cause they have everything to lose as some islamic countries punish [ apostasy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/apostasy_in_islam ) by death . 
  it was not that bad like most of turbo-folk . 
  believe me , i have to listen to that shit whenever i go to my grandmother ( worst about that is that they do not stop later at night , but continue for big part of night ... ugh ) . 
  and yeah , i agree about those choices . 
  i am really not up to date with bands in the area of former yugoslavia , though i remember hearing second and third one . 
  i am glad that she got through to finals . 
  and ? 
  i am part serb , part croat ( killer combination ) and i like their music . 
  they remind me of jadran ( as does most of dalmatian music ) . 
  they are not genre i listen to every day . 
  but sometimes i want to listen to this kind of music . 
  same with irish , french , italian , russian and other regional sounds . 
  and it does not need to be folk . 
  i would love it if croatia brought some hip hop or rock performers as long as it is in the damn national language . 
  not english .
