  third one looks like planetary defence laser from some kind of sci-fi ... or i have quite an imagination . 
  company and country are two different things . 
  get into a programming , start doing odd jobs through the power of internet , earn shekels , prepare some \u0107evapi for the trip , emigrate . 
  i have always wondered what is the connection with nation state and cultural identity . 
  it is not like in smaller or bigger country , you will lose some of your identity . 
  if people care about their identity , then they will not forget it . 
  if they do not care about it , well it is their choice . 
  i would personally like something similar to usa ( use , heh ) with government set not in already existing city ( like brussels ) , but in brand new governmental city ( like brasilia ) set in strategic location , where it has easy reach to all of europe . 
  states would then be split into regions with roughly equal populations and historical ties . 
  these would have their own governing body for matters inside the region , while the international relations , army , highest levels of law and other more interregional ( strange word , but i like it ) things would be under jurisdiction of european union . 
  i proposed something like this as solution for how yugoslavia could have gone , but i think this is applicable for whole union . 
  moscow and surrounding area looks like eye of sauron . 
  i do not remember nato stopping yugoslav wars , it only helped to inflame serbs by bombing belgrade . 
  they victimized themselves ( everyone hates us boo hoo ) and with this mindset they continue to this day . 
  i say good job . 
  there is also serbian part , where people are saying why no one felt sorry for all the people that died in bombing of belgrade by nato . 
  to that i would say that i agree with them because that bombing was the worst way to react at that time , but this is totally different case . 
  if they want to get appreciated , they should first learn to appreciate others . 
  we are on this piece of rock together . 
  so far only picture they are painting is of hateful people . 
  well , you need to watch what people visit the store/restaurant/hotel . 
  if you see restaurant filled with tourists , it is probably good , but there is chance that it might be bit expensive . 
  if you see restaurant or store where there are mostly locals then go there . 
  do not go for tourist baits . 
  hotels and apartments in croatia are expensive depending on the lucrativity of the location . 
  honestly , if you understand one slavic language , you can learn others at reasonably fast pace . 
  same goes germanic , italic groups of languages . 
  i know czech , serbo-croatian and i am fairly certain that i am fluent in these two languages ( maybe not the turkish loan words and slang of balkans as i have left that place when wars started ) and i can understand polish , slovak ( quite easy with the combined knowledge of the two languages that i know ) , croatian , serbian , bulgarian ( to an extent as i have had little experience with it ) , russian ( lived in moscow , when i was kid , knew the language like my own , forgot it when we moved to czech republic , some aclimation with the language would be needed , this goes for pretty much whole east slavic group of languages like ukrainian , belarusia etc. 
  macedonian is hard for me , but parents have no problem with it . 
  some say the typical balkan hatefest happened ... 
  awesome username btw ... makes me hungry, 
  difference between hungary and cuba was closeness to the usa and the fact that soviets positioned nukes danger close to usa . 
  that is the reason for nuclear war almost happening . 
  `` invasion '' of eastern european countries had nothing to do with nukes so usa did not give damn about us . 
   doing fine on their own yeah , sure . 
  i do find the fact that this tram was exported to various cities of different communist countries fairly interesting . 
  for example , moscow is the first when it comes to the ammount of t3 trams used , second being prague . 
  there were also few types of trams depending on country it was exported to ( yugoslavia , romania , soviet union , ddr ), 
  my guess this is due to bombing of belgrade by nato and mainly usa during the war . 
  though yea in many cases they are being overly dramatic imo . 
  as unstable as stack of thousand blins . 
  they squat like western spies . 
  i do think that this is one of those permanent cores that were implemented . 
  we already have few set up in bulgaria , ready to act . 
  prepare to get czeched out . 
  problem is that if we do crush isis , which i find highly unlikely as they would just devolve it into guerilla warfare , what would we do after that . 
  what with syria ? 
  who would get it ? 
  assad ? 
  rebels ? 
  both ? 
  it is not only syrian civil war that is causing damage . 
  there is boko haram insurgency , afghanistan and iraq wars and so on . 
  check the [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ongoing_armed_conflicts ) . 
  most of the wars that we have started in africa are still going on and we have not been able to quell anything . 
  iraq and afghanistan are both still in bad shape and with no end in sight to their situation . 
  our intervention in these countries did nothing and only escalated the conflict . 
  now some good things were done but most of people there do not want any foreign armies in their countries and it only helps the insurgents . 
  yes , it would be great show of force and certainly populistic move to push into african conflicts so that we can end them , but we are in no way , shape or form able to do that . 
  have you seen [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pq-s557xqu ) ? 
  people like to compare modern technological revolution with the industrial revolution , but it is not the same thing . 
  yes some jobs will stay , but better technology does not automatically mean more jobs for us humans . 
  the example with the horses illustrates that well in the video . 
  the range of s-300 export version is estimated to be 200-250 km . 
  ( depending on sources ) now that you take in the fact that russians never give their best gear to export ( duh , who would ) . 
  s300v4 has range of 400km at mach 7.5 and 350km at mach 9 . 
  so yes i am certain they have aircraft 400km from border . 
  not to mention that these are mobile platforms so they can move closer when the attack starts . 
  i think it is mainly due to strong presence of the villagers to town people . 
  people from the town tend to often be the least radical and also more informed . 
  look at the geography of balkans . 
  mountains everywhere . 
  it makes some of the villages really isolated . 
  this leads to extremely limited world view consisting of few nearby villages and maybe a major town in region . 
  i heard that after second world war people would come to these isolated villages and they would be asked how is the king doing . 
  this is also what made spreading of extremism and nationalism in yugoslavia easy . 
  most of these villages either have never seen the ethnic that they hate or they make their view of the ethnic based on nearby village of that ethnic that they do not get along . 
  of course history itself is also at fault due to many empires trying to carve balkans for themselves due to good position . 
  three damn religions are also the problem here of course . 
  i do not see problem with people wearing scarfs over their heads . 
  even here in czech republic some old people do it . 
  i can not speak for all countries though as i have not lived or been to those so my view is mostly towards former yugo . 
  why no prague ? 
  prague is beautiful city . 
  we are close to germany and have good transportation connection with europe . 
  we have good schools and prague has one of the better city transportation systems in europe . 
  besides it is small city on european level so it is easy to get around . 
  we have nice level of luxury housing . 
  minus is sometimes horrible level of english in older population and czech distrust of everything european . 
  pls we want euro mana . 
  can confirm that this can happen in balkans too . 
  it is done out of loyalty to family not because of religion as this was done not only by muslims , but also orthodox or catholic people . 
  it is the case of the temperament of people . 
  doubt they are gon na attack same place twice , especially now that i think turkish authorities will tighten security hopefully . 
  so what do you propose then as main language other than english ? 
  is there subtitles to this ? 
  did not understand 80 % of what he said . 
  all i know that it wasnt compliments . 
  wtf ... who did this ? 
  there is low ammount of info in article about who were the perpetrators or the reason for these acts,
