i think that they 're doing this to silence/demonize their opponents . 
  `` oh , do n't listen to him he 's a homosexual ! '', 
  being an arab atheist , christian , or minority sect must really suck . 
  you 're targeted by islamists and then when you immigrate to the west you get harassed because idiots think brown skin = muslim, 
  yeah poland is a warzone . 
  but since they had to deal with being persecuted by islamists would n't it be better for them to move to a country with a tiny , integrated muslim community ? 
  which part of syria were they from ? 
  the one being controlled by assad or the moderate child-beheaders ? 
  islamaphobia is when you murder sikhs because you 're too ignorant to know the difference . 
  yup . 
  this is why blaming islamic terrorism entirely on america 's shitty foreign policy in the middle east is ridiculous . 
  i remember after the nice terrorist attack there were people saying it would n't have happened if we did n't kill innocent civilians in iraq and the attacker was from tunisia . 
  how is it america 's fault when two bosnian girls born and raised in austria join isis ? 
  isis hates anyone that is n't them . 
  exist . 
  where does this happen ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moroccan_diaspora  `` at the start of the 1960s , crews were sent by european employers to hire the most docile rural labor . 
  the departures led to painful separations and psychological effects in the families remaining in morocco and those in the host countries . 
  until the start of the 1970s , many contingents left for france , belgium , the netherlands and germany . 
  90 % of migrants were rural men , with little education and no professional qualifications , recalls bekouchi . '', 
  i meant that both of these incidents are terrible, 
  i think that this incident and the one about a jewish boy being bullied in germany are equally bad . 
  yeah . 
  in america after 9/11 a sikh man was murdered because the attacker thought he was an arab muslim . 
  last month in kansas two indian engineers were shot ( one died from his injuries ) and the attacker bragged about killing iranians . 
  racism sucks , treat other people how you wan na be treated . 
  exactly, 
  43 minutes , only 1 upvote lol, 
  you know what 's funny ? 
  i 've seen more niqabs and burkas in the west than i did when i visited syria before the war, 
  where 's his family from ? 
  i thought he was pakistani or something . 
  ok i read the comments in the t_d thread . 
  wtf ? 
  where did they accuse the muslim woman of sympathizing with terrorism, 
  you forgot #prayforquebec https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quebec_city_mosque_shooting, 
  i support this . 
  islamists consider them devil worshipers and the second deadliest terrorist attack in history after 9/11 was the 2007 yazidi communities bombings . 
  but according to wikipedia :  `` this belief has been linked by some people to sufi mystical reflections on iblis , who also refused to prostrate to adam despite god 's express command to do so . 
  because of this similarity to the sufi tradition of iblis , some followers of other monotheistic religions of the region equate the peacock angel with their own unredeemed evil spirit satan , which has incited centuries of persecution of the yazidis as `` devil worshippers '' . 
  persecution of yazidis has continued in their home communities within the borders of modern iraq , under fundamentalist sunni muslim revolutionaries . '', 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2007_yazidi_communities_bombings https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yazidis, 
  yazidis are n't muslim and they have suffered a genocide in iraq and syria at the hands of isis . 
  but you 're right about islam not being a monolith . 
  there are sufis , ahmediyyahs , and alawites . 
  yeah i remember on 4chan someone asked about when mosques open, 
  so did 4chan predict that this would happened ? 
  well same thing happened during the quebec mosque shooting . 
  two innocent far-right bloggers were falsely identified as the perpetrators . 
  some idiots on 4chan spread the rumor that the attackers were syrian refugees that arrived in canada one week ago . 
  whats with all the apologists for pkk terrorism ? 
  so you guys condemn terrorism when it happens in france and germany , but when it happens in turkey or israel you defend it ? 
  who was he inciting hatred against ? 
  christians ? 
  jews ? 
  `` westernized '' muslims ? 
  there 's a difference between valid , constructive criticism of issues within muslim communities like misogyny and homophobia and shit like `` glass the middle east '' and ( insert racial slurs for people of arab descent ), 
  i tried posting it in / r/worldnews , but i got a message telling me my submission was removed because my account does not meet the minimum karma or account age requirements of / r/worldnews . 
  i deleted them just now lol thanks for telling me . 
  good luck to the people of turkey . 
  destroy christian societies ? 
  what the heck, 
  i actually thought you were an arab ex-muslim because of your username lol . 
  there ar tatars in france ? 
  how many tatars are there worldwide, 
  what is wrong with you, 
  um this sub criticizes immigration policies and refugees all the time, 
  where do they get the isis flags from ? 
  like does isis mail it to them when they join ? 
  was he a convert ? 
  you 're right . 
  islam is n't a race and criticizing it is n't racist . 
  unfortunately , not everyone is as smart as you . 
  sept. 15 , 2001 -- mesa , ariz. : four days after the infamous attacks of 9/11 , balbir singh sodhi , a 49-year-old sikh , is shot and killed outside the gas station he owned by frank silva roque . 
  when police approached to arrest him , roque says , `` i 'm a patriot and an american . 
  i 'm american . 
  i 'm a damn american . '' nov. 18 , 2001 -- palermo , n.y. : three teens burn down gobind sadan , a gurdwara ( sikh temple ) in new york , because they thought it was named for osama bin laden . 
  dec. 12 , 2001 -- los angeles , calif. : surinder singh sidhi , a liquor store owner in los angeles who took to wearing an american flag turban after 9/11 out of fear of being attacked , is beaten in his store by two men who accuse of him of being osama bin laden . 
  aug. 6 , 2002 -- daly city , calif. : sukhpal singh , brother of balbir singh sodhi , who was the first sikh murdered following 9/11 , is shot while driving his cab . 
  may 20 , 2003 -- phoenix , ariz. : fifty-two-year-old sikh immigrant and truck driver avtar singh is shot in his 18-wheeler while waiting for his son to pick him up . 
  as he is being shot , he hears someone say : `` go back to where you belong . '' aug. 5 , 2003 -- queens , n.y. : members of a sikh family are beaten outside of their home by drunk individuals yelling , `` go back to your country , bin laden . '' sept. 25 , 2003 -- tempe , ariz. : sukhvir singh , a 33-year-old convenience store owner , is stabbed to death by bruce phillip reed . 
  it is not labeled as a hate crime . 
  representatives of the phoenix sikh community issue a statement that says , in part , `` together we can help others to evolve past hate and fear by continuing to organize to reach out to others with increased understanding , respect , and support . 
  may our collective prayer be that god preserve and protect the honor of all people , our nation , and our world . '' march 13 , 2004 -- fresno , calif. : gurdwara sahib , a local sikh temple , is vandalized with graffiti messages : `` rags go home '' and `` it 's not your country . 
  july 12 , 2004 -- new york , n.y. : rajinder singh khalsa and gurcharan singh , cousins on their way to dinner at a restaurant , are beaten by two drunk white twentysomething men . 
  the attackers describe gurcharan 's turban as a `` curtain . '' when rajinder tries to intervene , saying that sikhs are peaceful , he is beaten unconscious and suffers a fractured eye socket , among other injuries . 
  may 24 , 2007 -- queens , n.y. : a 15-year-old student has his hair forcibly cut by an older student at his high school . 
  the scissor-wielding 17-year-old showed the sikh a ring inscribed with arabic , saying , `` this ring is allah . 
  if you do n't let me cut your hair , i will punch you with this ring . '' afterward , he cuts the younger boy 's hair . 
  a main pillar of the sikh faith compels followers to keep their hair uncut . 
  may 30 , 2007 -- joliet , ill. : a decorated u.s. navy veteran of the gulf war , kuldip singh nag is approached by a police officer outside of his home for an expired vehicle registration tag . 
  the officer reportedly assaults nag with pepper spray while hurling expletive-laced anti-immigrant statements . 
  jan. 14 , 2008 -- new hyde park , n.y. : a 63-year-old sikh , baljeet singh , has his jaw and nose broken when attacked outside his temple by a man who lived next-door . 
  david wood , the attacker , had apparently disturbed members of the gurdwara in the past . 
  feb. 28 , 2008 -- bryan , texas : a sikh man is assaulted in a wal-mart parking lot . 
  though the assailant called him a terrorist , punched him in the face and head and knocked his turban off , the sikh man does not suffer major injuries . 
  june 5 , 2008 -- queens , n.y. : a ninth grade sikh is attacked by another student , who tried to remove his patka , or under-turban , and had a history of bullying the boy . 
  june 5 , 2008 -- albuquerque , n.m. : a vehicle belonging to a sikh family is defaced with the message `` f *** allah ! '' and a picture of male genitalia . 
  aug. 4 , 2008 -- phoenix , ariz. : inderjit singh jassal is shot and killed while working at a 7-eleven . 
  no clear motive is found .
