see , that 's what those dudes who told you american teenagers had nothing to learn from germany missed . 
  going abroad is good , period . 
  language is a good part of the positive outcome , but not only . 
  most people i 've met abroad were generally more open and more accepting of others . 
  my first exchange was in germany ( 7th grade in berlin for a week ) . 
  we sucked at german , got lost many times , could n't comprehend why on earth our host families would give us such spartan lunches ( i remember a kid red in the face with anger over the meager sandwich and apple in his lunch bag ) . 
  but we loved it and all signed back again for another exchange in germany the next year ( in bonn this time ) . 
  that 's why i have such a positive idea of europe too . 
  whenever abroad ( in the us or japan ) , the europeans would always form a nice group of buddies who got along really well . 
  it 's skewed and na\u00efve a bit but when i think europe i think of my band of buddies from japan . 
  the poles , the germans , the finns , the irish , the one french ( there can be only one ) forming a group where everyone else was also welcome ( the crazy thais and australians were honorary europeans then :p ) . 
  everyone should have a chance to do it i think . 
  aaaah , so you 're belgian ... and flemish . 
  do you mean to say you studied proust as a non native french speaker ? 
  damn , that 's rough . 
  i kind of was hoping language study in france had become less lame ( i really would have loved to study orwell or chaucer back then ) , oh well :p were you made to talk much during foreign language classes ? 
  because we were n't . 
  that 's a big thing lacking in foreign language classes i thought . 
  so little focus on actually communicating . 
   i remember for example reading and discussing proust for french ( had a dislike for madeleine cookies ever since ) and for english everything ranging from canterbury tales to george orwell . 
  \\ ^ \\ ^ '' orwell and the canterbury tales ? 
  i 'm actually a bit envious . 
  we never studied any english literature . 
  just articles and mostly boring stuff too . 
  we you in some kind of special program or something ? 
   american teenagers , even the ones taking german lessons , did not believe there could be anything interesting enough in germany to warrant traveling there i would have been very , * very * annoyed had anyone told me something like this . 
  luckily though , the guys in charge of the exchange program in my town did a good job not being pretentious assholes :p one dude from my senior class went to poland the next year !, 
  it seemed like such a leap in the unknown for him too . 
  everybody was kind of expecting him to go back in time or something . 
  a girl also went to germany and loved it if i recall correctly ( the previous exchange student in my school was a german girl who had left quite the impression !, 
   ) i still feel guilty about that friend of mine from another school who asked my opinion on where in france he should go . 
  i told him '' * northern part , that way you wo n't get a hideous southern accent * '' ... well , the dude ended up in lille . 
  the first time he called me ( back in france ) he had the weirdest accent , a mix of american and chti ... 
  it was so funny xd, 
  i think it was a guy from the czech republic who was asked if they used cutlery ( also napkins i think ? ), 
  in his country . 
  i burst out laughing on that one . 
  after i graduated in france i was an exchange student in the us for a year . 
  it was in a small village , small school ( 1000 students k-12 -_- '' ) . 
  the only foreign language available was spanish ... quite a waste considering the other exchange student was from french speaking belgium ( small town but active rotary club ! ) . 
  at the start of the year , we both were put in the 10th grade english class . 
  i actually liked it , the teacher was nice , she gave me tons of cool exercises to help me with my pronunciation . 
  but when they found out i was actually helping the other students in class ( not that my english was better , we were studying shakespeare so it was hard for everybody . 
  but , i had the advantage of being used to seeing english as a foreign language so i made the connections between words quicker - that plus many words had a french hint to them ... anyway ) . 
  so , when they found that out , they moved me to 11th grade english where i mostly remember having had to do writing assignments . 
  the topics of the assignments seemed dull , so i 'd always spice up my composition a bit . 
  the teacher loved it . 
  all in all , the overall average level surprised me . 
  it 's not so much that people are stupid , it 's the way things are taught and how they were quizzed on it that surprised me . 
  for example : history and government classes =  multiple choice quizzes ... could n't believe it . 
  since the 10th or 11th grade my tests on history were essay writing or texts comments . 
  ap calculus was what i had studied as a non scientific specialty senior in france ( though nowadays , you 'll hear university math professors constantly complain about the plunge of students level in math , so it may have changed a little since my time ) . 
  then there 's college with 1 / seems insanely difficult to get into and 2 / america has got some of the best universities in the world . 
  i just ca n't put those two facts together . 
  it seems like a good college education would be difficult to follow for someone who went through at least that particular school i went to in the us . 
  maybe you could check out [ duolingo ] ( https://www.duolingo.com/ ) if you feel like getting back in french a little . 
  i used it as a starting point for spanish and it 's pretty alright ( not sufficient , but a good start i 'd say ) . 
  my favorite french word is * tartine * . 
   france : baguette , salted butter ( those 2 combined are truly divine , no matter the time of day ) , very diverse cuisine and countryside , seem very sexually liberated compared to us really ? 
  because i always had the impression you guys were more sexually liberated . 
  but maybe we are n't talking about the same things . 
  baaaaaah , salted butter  _ <, 
  goldmine of lulz , that thread . 
   the perception i have is that typically people began learning a foreign language , usually , english , some time in the middle of their schooling and continue their language studies skills in those fields as opposed to keeping a focus on your native language . 
  that perception is incorrect . 
  i wonder where it comes from , actually . 
  the language learning process in my time ( it may have changed a bit since then ) was gradual : heavy focus on grammar and orthography ( there are many annoying rules in french to remember :p ) also reading comprehension and reading in elementary school . 
  there has been some debate about what method to use to teach reading actually , though i 'm not really knowledgeable on this , maybe someone who is can explain better than me . 
  starting what would be junior high for you , french classes start to focus a little on literature ( classic 6th or 7th grade study are moli\u00e8re 's plays . 
  must have been through 5 in two years -- feels like it anyway ) while still keeping a focus on grammar . 
  6th grade is also the time i started to study a second language ( - hallo peter - hallo uwe - wohin gehst du ? 
  '' ) , though kids have the opportunity to learn a language earlier now ( and kids in my elementary school could learn italian if they wanted ) . 
  started 8th grade , writing assignments become more focused on argumentation and less on creative writing ( for which i was very grateful ) and pretty much all writing assignment from that point on were , in my case , focused on being able to argue a point properly . 
  it 's also the time when most start their second language ( not counting the eventual latin class which in my case started in the 7th grade ) . 
  starting high school ( that 's from the 10th grade on here ) , the literary study becomes a bit more serious and so do the writing assignments . 
  the 11th grade is the year most french students finish with the study of french with the french part of the baccalaur\u00e9at ( both a written and oral exam ) taking place at the end of that year . 
  in the 12th year , unless you enrolled in a literary section ( which was n't my case ) french lessons `` are replaced '' by philosophy classes . 
  i did n't see it ( i tend to avoid movies featuring dany boon , i find him irritating most of the time ) . 
  my favorite imitation of the belge accent is that of [ coluche ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=23p5vjk1rvu ) , it 's very exaggerated of course but so funny . 
  [ math teachers ] ( https://www.humanite.fr/la-penurie-de-profs-de-maths-risque-de-durer-encore-longtemps-606270 ), 
  despite it being quite useful for finding a job ( but not necessary depending on you line of work ) , you 'll find very few people from where i 'm from able to speak more than a few words in luxembourgish ( yes , it 's a thing ) . 
  thankfully , the belgians close to home speak french , although i always found it funny how people from 10 km away only could already have such a different accent . 
   want you `` to donate for a good cause '' here they usually wear bright colored vest , making them easily recognizable and avoidable with a little practice . 
  i 've gotten very good at slaloming them . 
  anywhere south of lyon with the exception of the alps area . 
  let 's say it 's cultural incompatibility and leave it at that :p, 
  actually , french western coast does n't come to mind when i hear `` west coast '' . 
  neither does it come to mind when i hear the french equivalent `` c\u00f4te ouest '' and [ this is why ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edb93khczc8 ) . 
  my mom was a big fan of that show and the theme song is catchy as fuck ... it 's gon na stay stuck in my head all day . 
  i could n't bring myself to try natto . 
  the smell alone is so damn revolting . 
  i had a friend who tried whale while in japan . 
  i could n't bring myself to follow her on that though ... did you have any ? 
  i suppose i get it . 
  i mean , i 'd probably boycott dassault if i could xd, 
  i remember reading arguments about how bad it would be if those factories closed and the people had nowhere to work etc. 
  have no idea how valid those points are in the long term though . 
  it seems so impossible to entangle all arguments sometimes . 
  i hate the idea of not being able to quietly discuss ideas with someone . 
  i know it 's possible on an individual level , i 've done it ( good friend of mine was ( still is ) anti gay marriage ) .
