  private schools and `` pr\u00e9pas '' do look at your grades and such before accepting you . 
  universtities are n't supposed to but it 's rumored they do anyway . 
  having gone back to college myself ( for the hell of it ) in a university where supposedly , they screen although they should n't ... 
  i 've come to the conclusion that if they do screen , their screening method could use some refining xd, 
  it 's seveneves by neal stephenson . 
  i 've also read anathem by that author which is an awesome book to read if you like math ( and even if you do n't :p ), 
  i 've tried discussing this with a few friends as a thought experiment mostly . 
  most were n't very responsive . 
  the only one who seemed to get on board with making a plan lives in the us and is almost never in france so ... dude , you 're on another continent , you 're on your own : o i may have looked at ways to go back to my hometown , make sure everyone is alright . 
  also , i know that place like the back of my hand , useful in case of zombie apocalypse . 
  i read a few books about situations like this ( i mean end of the world imminent , all that ) . 
  in the one i 'm reading now , the moon has exploded in multiple pieces . 
  the pieces keep bumping into each other making smaller and smaller pieces . 
  scientists are saying that soon enough , there 's going to be some sort of dust rain that 'll pretty much cover all earth and everybody will die . 
  so , humanity 's last hope is the iss and trying to make a fleet ( a bit like in bs galactica expect the fleet has yet to be constructed ) that can somehow manage to survive . 
  i like the fact that it 's taking place in the present day . 
  i have no contingency plan in case of nuclear winter though . 
  my boyfriend played life is strange a while back . 
  he loved it until the end . 
  he really hated how ( his words ) the end was half assed and made no freaking sense . 
  but , apart from the ending he really enjoyed it . 
  i 'm so bad when playing with a controller . 
  i tried playing sw : battlefront on console when at a friend 's house a couple of months ago ... like , seriously the depth of my ineptitude is mind boggling . 
  also , pc mater race , toussa , 
  last time i was in a church was for a concert and they had placed screens on both sides of the church so that people seated in the aisle could see the players . 
  i 'm pretty sure you would n't find these for a regular service though . 
  if i remember correctly , destiny is the one game that almost made me buy a console . 
  really glad destiny 2 will be available on pc . 
  hopefully the pc port is better than dark souls 3 . 
  it 's absolute hell if you want to play with your keyboard and mouse \u00e8_\u00e9, 
  mass effect 2 is my favorite game . 
  the franchise is my favorite too . 
  i like what bioware does in general . 
  dragon age is neat ( i liked da2 , sue me !! ), 
  and so was kotor . 
  lately i 've been playing mostly strategy games ( like x-com and warlock : master of the arcane ... silly title , still like it . 
  also civilization v , have n't gotten around to playing the vi yet . 
  used to play a lot of mmo ( first wow then swtor ) but do n't really have the time for it now . 
  i used to enjoy playing cod2 back in the days ( yeah ... seems like forever ) . 
  been looking for a good fps to play for a while , ca n't find one that keeps me interested though . 
  i 've been reading in english for a long time now . 
  i never read an book written in english in french ... ( except lovecraft , for some reason i 'm very attached to the french versions i read when i was younger ) . 
  i read the dune series in french and then in english . 
  in retrospect i 'm pretty sure there are details the translator did n't understand . 
  i thought the french version was confusing as hell sometimes . 
  also , it 's notorious the first translations of asimov 's books were horrible . 
  only read the english versions of his books and do n't plan on reading the french ones though i did pick a few random pages just for the hell of it , they 're horrible . 
  i think they 've been redone now . 
  not sure though . 
  i ca n't read japanese well enough to read an entire book but i can read a manga if there are enough furigana ( the tiny stuff written above the chinese characters that explain how it should be read ) . 
  i also play some games in japanese sometimes . 
  i 've started my first book in spanish a couple of days ago . 
  well , i should say the second one . 
  first one i picked randomly at a book store because it was bilingual . 
  it was pretty boring though . 
  so , i looked for other stuff to read . 
  did n't want to go through the `` read harry potter in x language '' crap ... so i 'm reading a world of warcraft novel ... xd i 'm reading `` la guerra de los ancestros '' . 
  knowing the lore already sort of helps with getting the context . 
  it 's a translation but it serves its purpose well . 
  i 'll add that if someone has some good spanish ciencia ficcion to recommend , i 'm all ears . 
  the weapons are probably provided by my boulanger . 
  he makes the sharpest baguettes i 've even seen . 
  pretty sure the s.o.b is in league with the local dentist . 
  ( like the crust looks innocent enough then bam , in your gums . 
  saloperie ! ), 
  they underestimate us . 
  good , good . 
  * fetchez la vache !, 
  all right germans , do over !, 
  you try and pass through the maginot line * now * ... got ta put those facilities to use one day ... 
  the main problem with a churro being that you ca n't fill it with raspberry jam which makes it inherently inferior to the beignet and the doughnut \\ ^ \\ ^ . 
  i 'm liking it so far . 
  the ambiance reminds me a lot of the movie `` boy missing '' and it 's with the same actress ( that i like a lot ) . 
  edit : it 's about a guy who finds himself lost on a road . 
  he 's apparently lost his memory . 
  turns out he 's a very famous / influential lawyer and turns out that in his totaled car was found his niece 's cell phone and some of her blood while the niece is nowhere to be found . 
  ( that 's not spoiling , that 's the first 10 minutes of the show ) . 
  they 're those [ fried dough beignet like things ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/churro ) . 
  it 's like a spaghetti beignet or something . 
  there 's a churros stand at every fair in france . 
  japan . 
  because the food , the people , the language ( in that order \\ ^ \\ ^ ) . 
  lived there before , did n't want to come home but had to . 
  i lived in an area that was n't over populated , it was really nice . 
  thank god for your comment . 
  the number of upvotes for that comment was really starting to confuse me xd ( and thanks google translate ), 
  i 'm not even sure what kind of monetary help non-citizens can receive or how soon they can apply for it . 
  that being said , do i see a problem with making sure a family of five does n't starve while the parents get back on their feet and find themselves jobs ? 
  i do not . 
  that would make sense . 
  i think this expression may come from movies and tv series . 
  reruns of `` the streets of san francisco '' come to mind , 
  ah man , my mother and her friends would watch it as they ~ ~ gossiped ~ ~ discussed important business while enjoying coffee and cake . 
  if i had known then the wonderful spanish sentence i learned from this very subbreddit ( me cago en todo lo que se menea ) , i would have said `` i shit on everything that wiggles '' before going to my room . 
  i just went to my room . 
  hated july as a kid . 
  one good thing though about having your own place and control of the remote ( or no tv ) is you do n't have to listen to it as others in your family watch it . 
  been free of the tour de france for years now . 
  it feels good . 
  i use it myself often enough .
