  he 'd become god emperor of europe then of the world . 
  the world would finally be at peace because everybody would be scared shitless of pissing him off . 
  * r. giskard reventlov ( asimov 's robots series ) - he 's proven he 's willing to make hard decisions when they are needed . 
  i could see him in a centrist party like lrem . 
  * ozzie isaacs ( from peter f hamilton 's commonwealth and void sagas ) : he 's a goddamn hippie . 
  green party . 
  * sailor moon - socialist party because their symbol is the rose and roses are the symbol of love and love conquers and defeats all ... no ? 
  * dr tenma ( monster ) - la france insoumise . 
  it 's not acceptable that wealthy people get preferential treatment , it 's a scandal . 
  down with the system !, 
  * matrim cauthon ( the wheel of time ) - he 'd lead a ragtag band of leftists to victory . 
  so , france insoumise . 
  * 103 683e ( from bernard werber 's empire of the ants ) - green party , obviously . 
  i mean , they 're the only one who seems to give a damn about the effect of those pesticides on the fauna !, 
  * duncan idaho ( also from herbert 's dune saga and actually * my * favorite character ) : also la france insoumise . 
  i mean how could he stand there and watch as ~ ~ the harkonnens ~ ~ capitalist scum get wealthy on poor people 's back , not giving a damn about their well being - also works for gurney halleck . 
  * tufi hawat ( also from herbert 's dune saga ... have you guessed already it 's my favorite book ? ), 
  he reminds me so much of jacques foccart , l'\u00e9minence grise , ready to do anything for his general ( duke in this case ) . 
  * mordin solus ( mass effect 2 & 3 ) - whichever party lets him work in peace . 
  i 'd say lrem , it feels like the r\u00e9publicains would too easily be influenced by silly concerns like good morals and such . 
  let him do the science ffs . 
  * varric tethras ( dragon age 2 , da : i ) - lrem but leaning towards the left i 'd say . 
  that was fun !, 
  had to check . 
  omg , wordref says just `` the inside of the bread '' ( mind blown ) . 
  you know , it may be where the problem comes from . 
  if you do n't have a word for it you ca n't think about it . 
  if they ca n't think about their mie de pain nobody will ever question it , thus perpetuating their tradition of sub-par bread . 
  no need to think about the exterior of a bread when the interior is the same thing . 
  like nobody is ever going to question why there is no sweet crusty exterior on a pur\u00e9e ... 
  in some countries , the local food is enough to fill the void . 
  in others it is n't . 
  aaaah , if french is taught too then i understand better how it can be authorized . 
  also , i 'm not as shocked now \\ ^ \\ ^ i 'm sure it 's not all about the language . 
  it 's just the aspect that surprised me most . 
  i 've been reading a bit on spain lately . 
  in particular a book about the `` black legend '' , also one on the spanish inquisition because ... that 's to be expected . 
  the relevant part was on the establishment of the inquisition in catalonia and aragon and how they managed to keep it at bay for a while thanks to their own laws ( though it was bypassed later on because how can a. . . what 's the word , fueros ? 
  be any higher than the need to protect christianity or whatever ) . 
  that makes it easier to understand how it has fundamentally played a part in a bigger whole while remaining different at the same time . 
  there 's a huge book on the civil war i have n't even started yet . 
  i wish there had been a bit more historical sensitivity in my home region when came the time to name it . 
  people chose grand-est over nouvelle austrasie ( my choice ) because `` austrasie sounds like australie , it sucks '' ( i wish i was kidding ) . 
  that 's how detached people in my region are to their own history , it 's a little sad to be honest :p, 
  i do n't know , a school * in * france where french is not spoken it just blows my mind . 
  to give you an example , after seeing many articles about catalonia and its independence i did some research on spain and the different regions and all . 
  i could n't believe spanish was n't spoken in catalonian schools . 
  my original thought was something like `` well no wonder they do n't feel spanish if they do n't use the language in school '' . 
  or something along those lines . 
  that 's how far i am from being able to understand what 's going on in spain right now . 
  \\ ^ \\ ^ it looks like most of the steps france took to not be too much of an asshole lately to regional languages are mainly due to european laws . 
  the dates available on the wikipedia article for the principality of catalonia do n't make it seem that inconsistent ( i mean it being part of a bigger ensemble ) . 
  it gives the date ( 1162 -- 1641 , 1652 -- 1714 ) as part of the realm of aragon then ( 1516 -- 1641 , 1652 -- 1714 ) as part of the monarchy of spain ( also til , it was part of france for like 9 years in the xviith century , had no idea ) . 
  the point remains that it 's been part of a greater something known as spain , be it as an independent entity or not when algeria never was until the french arrived and colonized the place . 
  for that reason it seems to me very far fetched to equate the feeling of the catalans with what the algerians went through under french rule . 
  also , pretty sure a catalan would be more welcome anywhere in spain than an algerian was in france back then . 
  but like i said , not only do i not have the data necessary to comprehend why the catalans would want to be independent from spain , i also lack what we could call a `` regional sentiment '' that would make me sympathetic to their cause . 
  i 'm very fond of my home region which is part of france only since a little before the r\u00e9volution but it 's a totally different thing from the attachment people in spain have for where they come from . 
  the weird thing about the algerian independence though is that the people against it were ... well , far right , not the kind you 'd think would want to fraternize with africans . 
  never really understood why they wanted so bad algeria to be part of france yet algerians only second class citizens ( if memory serves right , it 's not a subject i know very well ) . 
  but you 're right , the situation should be handled carefully and it does n't seem to be the case now . 
  i 'm sorry , you 're going to have to explain how you can draw a parallel between a principality that 's been part of the crown of aragon since the xiith century according to wikipedia and algeria which was forcefully occupied by the french in the xixth century before being declared unilaterally ( i think ) part of france . 
  all the information i 've gathered leads me to think i do n't have the necessary information to have an opinion one way or another . 
  i obviously ca n't apply the same reasoning i would if a french region was pushing for independence . 
  i have no idea what is france 's official stance on the matter . 
  i know our former prime minister ( manuel valls , born spanish ) declared himself against it ... but then what else was he going to say ? 
  i 'm pretty sure a pro independence stance on his part would n't have been regarded very well . 
   la bressola had no idea such a thing existed . 
  i 'm actually surprised it 's even authorized . 
   la bressola had no idea such a thing existed . 
  i 'm actually surprised it 's even authorized . 
  now that regional languages are pretty much dead thanks to the absolute interdiction to speak them in school for a very long time , regional languages are making a very timid come back . 
  like you can take one as an option or as a third language ( i 'm pretty sure it would n't count as one of the main mandatory languages one has to learn ) . 
  [ in that article ] ( http://etudiant.lefigaro.fr/orientation/actus-et-conseils/detail/article/l-alsacien-langue-regionale-la-plus-prisee-au-baccalaureat-2720/ ) you can find a review of the various regional languages one can take . 
  the alsacien seems quite `` popular '' . 
  it 's pretty much extra credit though , which means extra work so the assurance that few people will bother with it at all ( from that article , 13 people took catalan in 2013 ) . 
  efficient . 
  one language to rule them all !, 
  i like the way you think . 
  i had n't thought about various forts . 
  my home region is full of old military bunkers as well ... 
  i do n't know enough about catalunia to know whether or not they 'd seriously consider claiming the pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es orientales but if they did there is no way in hell that 's happening . 
  like seriously , zero chance . 
  upvote the first french person to say orangina is better . 
  done . 
  [ at best , it 'll be reaaally weird ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p86jhwmqp48 ) xd i remember a sketch by laurent gerra about the giants that made me cry with laughter . 
  ca n't find it anywhere . 
  [ huhuhu ] ( http://i.huffpost.com/gen/4392832/thumbs/r-parade-des-geants-large570.jpg ) . 
  yep . 
  i 've been through that myself . 
  too young to enjoy the full potential of the 80 's . 
  then eurodance all adolescence whether you wanted to or not ( that nearly killed me ) . 
  it 's like the only rallying cry of the children of the 80 's are cartoon shows music . 
  it 's a little weird to be honest . 
  that seems like a risky endeavor . 
  i 've heard rumors passe-partout plays his song there really loud at night because with nowhere else to go , people ca n't leave because of the music . 
  depends on your age . 
  if it 's a state university that interests you and you are under 26 you 'll have to go through ** the absolute hell ** that is apb ( admission post bac ) which is a total , complete , utter clusterfuck that nobody understands . 
  if going through apb , theoretically , it 's just a big lotto and you 're placed wherever there is room depending on a list of choices you made . 
  i hear even private schools use apb as well ...
