  is the original name made to sound more estonian or is it `` translated '' if it is possible ? 
  it was n't uncommon in france for a foreigner to take the name of the country he was from . 
  for example , my grand grand mother 's name literally means `` the spanish '' ( it 's too bad too , i wish i could have known more about that mysterious ancestor from beyond the pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es :p ), 
  ah , that 's because i meant shutters , not blinds . 
  my room had blinds but no shutters . 
  it 's been years and i still get them mixed up  _ < no curtains in the living rooms mostly from what i remember and that was in upstate ny . 
  i had no idea finland had a civil war . 
  this is going to send me on a wikipedia binge all afternoon . 
  i really do n't know enough about other european countries ' history ( or just other countries as a matter of fact ) . 
  that 's a very scary thing to say to a kid xd that 's something i 'd expect from someone who was in the resistance during the war or something . 
  perhaps your father was a spy ? 
  damn , that is seriously creepy . 
  sometimes i 'm afraid i 'll become * that * old lady . 
  because my boyfriend does n't smoke i can often be seen at my kitchen window in the evening , enjoying the hum , * fresh air * ... 
  i see things . 
  i wish i did n't but i do . 
  i live in a building compound . 
  what i see from my kitchen windows are trees , and the building facing mine . 
  i seriously wish people would shut their blinds once they 've turned on the lights ffs !, 
  i had forgotten about that ... 
  [ the reign of terror ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reign_of_terror ) . 
  if i were in a trolling mood i 'd say [ the silly reason my home region `` definitively '' became part of france ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pragmatic_sanction_of_1713 ) . 
  i asked myself the same question when i was in the u.s. few people had blinds ( edit : i meant shutters ! ), 
  ( took me forever to get used to sleeping in a room with no blinds ) also few people bother with curtains . 
  it never felt right . 
  i read an explication once , i ca n't find the source - and i 've been looking for weeks for it , but seeing as it has to do with protestant vs catholic culture , it may come from max weber . 
  but like i said , ca n't find the source ( sorry ) . 
  the theory went that catholics were more prone to hiding things when the protestants would be eager to show the world they had nothing to hide . 
  a sort of way to avoid suspicion and proving you 're righteous by hiding nothing . 
  ca n't say how valid that theory is though . 
  the old lady spying the neighbors from behind her curtain is a thing here ( when they bother to hide ! ), 
  you know she 's there watching your every move . 
  there are variations of course . 
  the one in my previous apartment building was an old man who did n't bother to hide . 
  he knew everything . 
  hips . 
  that 's what my dad used to call it although some people did have a right to distill alcohol in their village until recently . 
  people would give them their fruits to get it back from them once it was distilled . 
  no such alembic in my family heirlooms i 'm sad to say !, 
  all it takes is the right asshole in history class and a couple of idiots to follow . 
  i was in a rural area , if you catch my drift . 
  you may get lucky , i hope you do !, 
  but even if you 're lucky , you 'll face a few `` we saved your asses !, 
  those are n't too bad even though they sound very off coming from a 17 years old douchebag . 
  be warned , for some reason , maybe because you 're far from home and all ... but it hurts , like personally you know . 
  you 'll get to love de gaulle if you do n't already xd i wish i had been a little more prepared for my trip . 
  you know it was in 99/00 , barely had the internet at home ( wanadoo ... ) . 
  had no clue creationists were really a thing until my host mom told me she was one . 
  laughed at her face for two minutes because i thought she was pulling my leg . 
  that was embarrassing ... 
  something something ww2 , lol lol , france ... 
  i was an exchange student in the us for a year . 
  the taunts set me off something fierce ( yes , they were common ) . 
  one day i did meet a ww2 veteran though . 
  that was something entirely different . 
  [ miami , miami , you 've got style . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0in244fnk8e ), 
  i do n't respect opinions , i respect people . 
  what i 'm looking for when discussing with someone are well argued points . 
  i will point out flaws in someone 's argument if i see one and expect the same thing in return . 
  i can absolutely recognize the value of someone 's reasoning even if i do n't agree with the conclusions . 
  on the other hand i can be merciless with someone i happen to agree with but who will serve me idiotic arguments to back his/her position . 
  i enjoy discussing ideas and opinions , i do n't enjoy just throwing opinions at one another . 
  in that regard , there are many people i do n't respect and it 's not so much because of their political ideas but because of their unwillingness to open discussion . 
  i refuse to discard someone by default because of their views , * whatever those views are * . 
  what made you ask ? 
  also , what do you mean by `` try to respect everyone '' ? 
  do you mean you start off respecting everyone by default and then may change that depending on the outcome of the discussion ? 
  if so , that 's pretty fair i would say . 
  have you had a fruitful conversation with a trump supporter yet ? 
  did something come out of it or did you just agree to disagree ? 
  it 's the same thing in the parisian metro . 
  come to think of it , italian tourists tend to stand out as particularly loud in the metro . 
  i 've always thought it was because they were tourists and the rules do n't apply to tourists . 
  understandably so , they 're on vacation . 
  how is the italian metro different ? 
  see , back then i knew about italy enough to feel disappointed at not being able to go sight seeing and stuff . 
  no one would have been able to convince me to go on a trip to italy that did n't involve visiting some historical site . 
  i knew nothing of spain . 
  back then i was n't even aware of everything i 'd miss ( i got ta partially thank / r/europe for that . ), 
  a friend who now works in finland told me that it 's very funny ( to him ) to ask `` how are you '' to the finns as they 'll try to figure out what type of answer to give you by trying to find out if you were asking them how they were or just making conversation . 
  for his defense , i have to say , he 's quite bored and has n't figured out finnish humor yet . 
  the dread when one pulls into a rest stop on a lost road somewhere and prays for a proper toilet bowl . 
  as a young teenager ( 12 and then 13 ) , travelling to germany on a school trip and finding out how many naked people appear on german magazines . 
  we were baffled and yet we learned a lot from those trips ... xd i love germany but as it 's the first non french speaking country i 've ever been too , the culture shock i experienced going there was almost as big as when i studied in japan . 
  back then , giving me ham and tea for breakfast seemed like such an exotic thing to do ( i remained a chocolate milk and tartines person for a long time ) . 
  when i was 15 i went to spain with a friend and her parents . 
  was very excited about it . 
  turned out like hell . 
  they had one of those ugly tourist house in those huge lots where there are only tourists in a place where there seemed to be only the beach and bars . 
  they did nothing but the beach and bars actually . 
  so hot , so boring , so hot . 
  we did n't visit one single thing , not a castle , not a museum , nothing . 
  i have kept a silent hatred for spain a long time until very recently i warmed up to it again . 
  i 'm planing a trip there ( sometime in the winter probably ) where i 'll visit tons of sweet castles , take my revenge on that horrible vacation . 
  how about you start by taking custody of corsica , see how it goes from there ? 
  a good friend living near san francisco assured me he found some decent tasting beers over there . 
  he 's from brittany though so i only partially trust his judgment on beer . 
  you can get decent viennoiseries in japan actually . 
  one has to be careful though , they may be stuffed with weird things .
