too many rules, 
   correct . 
  mom in the late 60 's then dad in the late 70 's . 
  life sucked under a dictator . 
  portugal was held back compared to rest of europe . 
  if you think it was the estado novo that was holding the country back , then i have bad news for you . 
  i have no strong feelings one way or another, 
  apart from having to change the whole legal system to accomodate for these `` exceptions '' ? 
  as it is the laws of a country are only followed in that country , this would mean that effectively the laws of that country are followed in the whole world , and the only thing limiting that is the states unwillingness ( or impossibility ) to enforce them . 
  also , why should people be banned from traveling to other countries ? 
  let alone due to suspicions that effectively mean `` for whatever reason the people in power want '' ? 
  ok let me clarify this then . 
  [ this is the definition of constitutional monarchy i am using ] ( http://www.thefreedictionary.com/constitutional+monarchy )  a monarchy in which the powers of the ruler are restricted to those granted under the constitution and laws of the nation . 
  this definition does not necessarily limit the powers of the ruler . 
  the sources you named are contradictory at parts . 
   while the monarch may hold formal reserve powers and government may officially take place in the monarch 's name , they do not set public policy or choose political leaders . 
  and yet , just a few sections later ...  in the constitutional monarchy established under the constitution of the german empire which bismarck inspired , the kaiser retained considerable actual executive power , while the imperial chancellor needed no parliamentary vote of confidence and ruled solely by the imperial mandate . 
  in short , what wikipedia says is that current constitutional monarchies have the monarch share power . 
  but this does not mean that by definition a constitutional monarchy can not have an absolute monarch . 
  that 's your point of view . 
   in a constitutional monarchy the king is not the only power and is bound by law . 
  you 're confused . 
  the only thing a constitutional monarchy means is that it is a monarchy , and it has a constitution . 
  the constitution could say `` the king can do what he likes with no limits whatsoever '' and it would be a constitutional monarchy . 
  in what way ? 
   judges , etc. 
  will you have some form of trias politica ? 
  i see no reason to not maintain the political-judicial separation of power . 
   why do you think every vote does n't matter on a larger scale ? 
  it 's the same system just bigger is n't it . 
  that 's precisely the point . 
  if there are 10 people in a room one person is going to have much more influence than if there were 1000 people in the room . 
   does this advisory group you mentionedalso help make the laws and treaties and is part of the executive ? 
  yes , but it would not be the only group responsible for that . 
   what would happen if it goes wrong and the perfect successor among the group does n't work out or he becomes schizophrenic or whatever ? 
  in a group of 50 or so kids i 'm sure you 'll be able to find at least one who will be adequate . 
  if the king becomes unable to perform his duties , it is a different story , but i would hope there would be tests that he would have to pass every once in a while that would prove that he is capable of taking on his responsibilities , should he fail them , then the crown would pass on to his chosen successor ( among the prospective kings in training )  how does the justice system work ? 
  i 'm not sure i get what you mean , do you mind elaborating ? 
   could you elaborate on the democratic appointments at the local level ? 
  democracy in my view , only works when it is a small enough system , where everyone knows each other and everyone vote actually matters . 
  in other words , small towns , or neighborhoods with a small population could elect their mayors , or other representatives , but large cities ( lets say anything with a population greater than 10 000 people ) would have their mayors appointed ( by either the kings or an advisory group composed of the prospective kings that did n't end up getting picked ), 
  you never know until you try, 
  i 'm absolutely serious . 
  an authoritarian non-hereditary absolute constitutional monarchy would be best . 
  train a certain number of kids ever since they were born to eventually pick one to become king . 
  there could be some democratic appointments at a local level , but all employees at a non-local level would be directly appointed by the king . 
  i literally just came back from doing erasmus in poland a few days ago , so heres my experience with it . 
  1 - yeah there are lots of parties 2 - while the education was less strict than in my home university , it also allowed me to go into areas that i would n't otherwise be able to study 3 - i 'd say the main benefit are the connections and friendships you make during the semester, 
  meh , there have been some issues with the angolan government cause they 're assholes , but the people there do n't really mind , since the cultures are familiar with eachother, 
  it 's my point of view on all who enter my country without permission , whether they are refugees , tourists or migrants or anything else . 
  it 's outside of our jurisdiction with non-citizens , therefore not our problem, 
  international waters, 
  maybe they could make some camps where they can concentrate those people ... 
  constitution says no fascist party allowed = no party for me to vote for so i 'm voting blank . 
  i disagree . 
  images such as these make people do irrational things based purely on emotion . 
  policymaking should never be based on emotion . 
  i feel really upset that we did n't carry on . 
  we should never have left our overseas territories , it was disgraceful that we did . 
  he subconsciously wants you and finland to get together so you can be nordic too, 
  we expect you to speak spanish so when you start speaking galician we get confused : / true story , i was talking to a galician girl a few months ago and she was speaking galician and i was just not understanding anything up until i realized she was n't speaking spanish but was actually speaking portuguese with a strange accent and a few spanish words, 
   galician : this one makes its own category . 
  `` acting galician '' means being elusive in order to conceal your real thinking . 
  they 're concealing the fact that they 're secretly portuguese, 
  neither should be outlawed . 
  free speech is n't just for the speech you like or feel is right , it 's also for the things you utterly hate . 
  if the eu has an army , it will be used agaisnt the member states . 
  it 's also extremely tasty , 
  because i feel a flag should represent the country , not the ideology of its government . 
  the red and green are the colors of carbonaria , a terrorist organization responsible for the regicide in 1908 , and it was because of that that the current portuguese flag is this abomination . 
  a portuguese flag that is non-ideological would have the green and red replaced by white which is the color that historically represented portugal ( blue represents the monarchy ), 
  cozido \u00e1 portuguesa is the most iconic portuguese dish . 
   we also have many good wines and spirits like baga\u00e7o, 
  every portuguese knows spanish , but we 'd rather you speak in your native language to us rather than in spanish , 
   anyway how would you best describe portugal , portuguese people and portuguese traditional and pop culture to a ignorant dude like me ? 
  well , portugal is a beautiful country and great to live in if you have money . 
  we 're kind of poor , mostly due to our own fault , and tend to be pessimistic :( portuguese popular culture is . . huh ... enjoyable ? 
  i 'm not really sure how to describe it , but there are often council parties ( festas populares ) where the town gathers together and eats sardines and listens to popular music ( oftentimes some really bad local band singing raunchy songs ) . 
  i 'm not really into art , so i ca n't really say who the most famous painter/composer is . 
  as a whole portuguese movies tend to be dark and a bit depressing , the ones that are not are the exception rather than the rule . 
  it 's actually a real pity because we could do amazing movies about stuff like the age of discoveries , but do n't . 
  a lot of that is probably related to manoel de oliveira who was a very influential portuguese filmmaker ( the oldest still active director in the world , recently deceased ) and most portuguese films followed his style , which i dislike . 
  i hope with him gone now the portuguese film industry will be able to move out of his shadow and onto other works . 
  fado is n't really that big of a part of everyday portuguese culture . 
  most people do n't really listen to it all that often , and it 's not taught in schools as far as i know , though there are a few radio stations focused on it . 
  as for generational diferences i could n't really say since me and my family do n't really listen to it often . 
  portuguese here , ask me anything and ill be happy to reply, 
   its georgia that attact in 2008 . 
  i was unaware georgia attacked russian territory in 2008 , care to provide a source ? 
  mind you south ossetia is georgian territory , if they want to send in troops and build extermination camps it 's their business , not russia 's, 
  belgium is like someone tried to separate the best and worst parts of france and germany into 2 piles , and then at the last minute forgot which was which and ended up making a country with the worst of both . 
  2900 $ a month is an awesome job ... 
  i got a 900 $ month job , 40 hours , doing erp consulting as a recent graduate , and that 's a pretty average rate for my level of education here in portugal, 
  if you 're not spanish ... do not ever talk to us in spanish , seriously i can not state this enough . 
  that sounds like something we would do, 
  swedish ? 
  i thought it was estonian, 
  hopefuly it will have disintegrated . 
  does n't make it any less effective, 
  you lose leverage,
