nobody writes pure javascript completely false . 
  most teams in our org ( a large multinational ) write pure javascript , we * specifically * recruit people who can write pure javascript ( as opposed to people who have only used jquery ) . 
  we write large , complex applications . 
  knowledge of `` one of the many standard libraries '' is not enough . 
  what you say may have been true 3-5 years ago when every frontend developer was still basically doing progressive enhancement in jquery . 
  not really . 
  has its own idiosyncracies , and i 've never been on a project that uses it . 
  great idea , crazy learning curve , not even met someone who 's ever used it ( irl ) . 
  which other languages are you thinking of ? 
  i guess typescript if you 're using . net ... all the frontend projects i 've been on use javascript , and for very good reasons . 
  this !, 
  or amsterdam . 
  stick with the javascript !, 
  i work for a really big company here in nl , we have a spanish guy on our team ( we do hardcore javascript projects here ) . 
  javascript is taking over wherever you look . 
  java is still a good bread and butter tech , but it 's old and dated now . 
  javascript is growing rapidly so there will be more jobs . 
  shoot me your c.v. if you want more advice ? 
  we have quite a lot of spanish expats here in the netherlands , working for the company i work for . 
  what 's your skills ? 
  and a powderkeg the germans were up to their neck in . 
  you mean like in ukraine and ossetia ? 
  russia seems perfectly willing to start land wars from where i 'm sitting . 
  you mean like when the lib dems backtracked on the tuition fees campaign promises ? 
  ok , so there was almost a revolt over that . 
  still did n't matter in the end ... 
  there was a lot of fud around this issue , but i do think the ` yes ' campaign could have handled currency questions better all the same . 
  but putin is supported by all the ultra-wealthy russians , right ? 
  i do n't think he is a counter to neo-liberalism ; he 's more like a thin facade of pseudo russian imperialism . 
  behind him is the same thing that drove classical empires : money . 
  pigs ? 
  brit living in the netherlands here . 
  i find the drinking culture quite different . 
  i hardly know any dutch people who ever drink too much , or even get drunk . 
  most dutch people stick to beer , spirit/mixers or wines -- you rarely see people hammering shots like you do all over most british town centers every friday night . 
  think the only throwing up i ( or my dutch gf ) have ever seen was british tourists in amsterdam . 
  i 've heard it 's getting `` worse '' here , though , especially with teenagers , and teen drug use/abuse is definitely a thing . 
  i 'm sure it also varies from area to area too . 
  we live in a relatively small city , though we 've been to nights out all over the nl . 
  oh yes , the fun i had with the `` het gebruik van er '' chapter . 
  germanic languages even ... dutch has it too . 
  check out the size of that rioolwaterzuiveringsinstallatie !, 
  there 's a lot of commonality ... it 's not halfway but definitely `` somewhere in the same region as both '' . 
  dutch sentence structure is kind of crazy though . 
  the only romanian i know is a software developer . 
  but i figured that was just because being a software developer is a damn good career choice * everywhere * , let alone in less wealthy nations than western europe / the us ... 
  what has romania done exactly ? 
  i know almost nothing about romania really , but i did work with a developer from there quite closely ( it was remote ) for a few months and found her completely trustworthy , a good worker , and a nice person . 
  there is a great difference between being annexed or colonized , and voluntarily joining a federation democratically . 
  it 's not just about independence and nationalism , but about choice . 
  hence the eu membership referendums . 
  it 's a question of degree . 
  some states , like switzerland , give citizens a high degree of direct democratic control over the running of the state . 
  other states , like russia , tend to the other end . 
  it 's complicated too . 
  some issues can be changed through popular activism or lobbying ; other issues ( foreign policy ) tend to be dictated by the highest level of national governments ... the ministers know best . 
  dutch can be particularly tricky to form sentences in . 
  the word order can be hard to pin down at first , e.g. 
  depending on whether you use `` want '' or `` omdat '' in a sentence , or when you have more than one verb . 
  it 's something that 's definitely helped by practicing in real conversations . 
  i 'm skeptical . 
  have you ever learned a language ( to fluent level ) this way ? 
  yup . 
  when i moved here i could n't immediately afford to take the nt2 course . 
  then once i got a job , it became more of a time constraint , but i stuck with it for 10 weeks . 
  i really want to go back and continue but it 's a massive strain holding a 40hr/week full time job and having 3 kids . 
  fwiw when i first moved here i downloaded the michel thomas - dutch course and that gave me a really nice head start . 
  very practical audio lessons that give you a crash course in grammar and conversation . 
  haha . 
  do you have children ? 
  i like the word `` gezin '' a lot . 
  bonus points for using `` zerg rush '' in the context of a soviet military invasion of western europe . 
  i thought the eu consisted of economic and political treaties , not a military alliance ? 
  the eu is a big prevention of internal war between eu states . 
  hi margrete , first of all , thank you for doing this . 
  it 's great to have politicians engaging with the community . 
  i 'm a uk national who 's now living in the netherlands , and am pleased to be voting for [ groenlinks ] ( https://groenlinks.nl/ ) in our local elections here in ede , tonight . 
  i also received a letter yesterday to declare that i would be voting for the european parliament elections here in the netherlands which i 've signed and returned today . 
  i 'm keen to stay involved in european democracy . 
  when i lived in the uk , i did some leafletting for the liberal democrats and wrote to my mp several times . 
  however ... 
  i 'm somewhat disillusioned with the state of our democratic system . 
  i see what i can not help but judge as regressive laws being passed all around the world , including in the uk and in europe . 
  corruption and cronyism seems to be everywhere , and our environment always seems to be a low priority . 
  i would * love * to get involved with a party determined to fight for a progressive , environmentally aware society . 
  my current thoughts are that parties like yours and groenlinks here in the netherlands may be what i 'm looking for , and i 'm considering voting accordingly in the eu elections . 
  can you comment on what you would like to improve in the democratic process in the eu ? 
  how can we combat growing euroskepticism and keep the union together ? 
  ( i personally believe this is essential to maintaining peace within and outside of the european area ) . 
  what are your policies for combating global warming and preserving our environment , while maintaining a sustainable economy ? 
  thanks again , i 'm looking forward to reading your responses and staying involved in politics despite my pessimism . 
  i see your 63cm guns and raise you [ heavy gustav 's ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schwerer_gustav ) 80cm !, 
  this is one of reddit 's huge weak points : how moderators are added/removed . 
  there 's no oversight , it 's trivially easy to add/remove the wrong people , there 's no recourse . 
  entire communities can be wiped out in seconds by one person on a power-trip , on one of the biggest community websites on the internets . 
  lame . 
  where are you living ? 
  depends where you live . 
   here in gelderland most people speak dutch , period . 
  in amsterdam and other big cities it 's very different .
