  hi , dutch speaking brit here !, 
  i live in the netherlands and speak passable dutch . 
  it 's been a long , slow road , but worth it . 
  how was it a crisis that demanded military intervention ? 
  explain why it was `` necessary '' and a `` crisis '' please ? 
   it 's a damn shame that nato ca n't count on one of our wealthiest and strongest member in times of crisis . 
  which crisis was that , exactly ? 
  quantum vacuum plasma thrusters sounds cooler . 
  i was looking into applying for jobs there . 
  although expansion into other projects would be great , i think they are pretty well funded , looking at the pay grades , 
  i know . 
  at least winter 's been pretty mild though . 
  i 've only had to scrape the windscreen of the car about 5-6 times all winter , and i leave pretty early ( 6:45 am ish ) !, 
  actually , dutch summers can be pretty decent . 
  i 'm from the uk originally , and i find summer here better than in the uk : a little bit warmer and less rain . 
  of course if you 're from somewhere in southern europe , it sucks by comparison . 
  wow . 
  i remember the view from san marino being nice , but this is fantastic . 
  i 'm currently sat in my office in flat netherlands looking out the window at half dead trees and a slate grey sky . 
  i definitely mostly thought about europe in terms of a holiday destination , before i moved to the netherlands . 
  now i feel a lot more european , and know a lot more about europe and the eu in general . 
  i think the water separating the uk from mainland europe gives some kind of psychological barrier , maybe ? 
  my so-so dutch is able to parse some of it , it reminds me of the archaic dutch you quite often see on older signs . 
  one of these days i will read more about the history of the language , 
  that 's a fascinating diagram !, 
  do you have a link explaining the difference between ` westphalian - dutch low saxon ' and ` low franconian ( dutch ) ' ? 
  this subreddit is turning me into a linguaphile . 
  i left in 2001 - i did n't get dumped , left because i could n't stand everything always being about money . 
  finish work and go to pub with colleagues , continue talking about money , investments , mortgages . 
  decided i wanted more from life than that , ended up going into the games industry instead . 
  i made some good friends there though , still in touch with some of them and a large number of them still work there , but there have definitely been lots of huge layoffs too in the past decade or so !, 
  i agree . 
  i was part of a large intake of graduates at ubs back in 2000 . 
  the graduate training program then was a crash course in accounting , corporate m&a dealing and some other stuff . 
  it was not rocket science , and it was a 2 week course with 1 week of `` team building '' in a countryside hotel . 
  conversely , a friend of mine is working her way through her post graduate corporate accountancy course , and it 's an absolutely massive amount of work !, 
  so i think there are jobs in accountancy firms that require much more study and experience than in typical investment banking departments . 
  nationwide is still going !, 
  i still have my account open from when i lived there . 
  i never needed any banking service they could n't provide , too . 
  time to switch people !, 
  indeed , the housing market in the netherlands confuses the hell out of me . 
  it 's like shopping for mobile phone contracts with all of their different `` discounts '' , except worse . 
  you get tax credits because of your mortgage type , repayment terms and so on ; plus they 're * reducing * these credits by 1 % a year till 2018 ... plus they 're reducing the max borrowing amount ... and there 's like 4 different kinds of mortgage , all of which affect it in different ways ; and you can combine these types . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  i 've been considering the system here almost since i moved ( 3 years ago ) , and i still have no clue what the wisest / most financially sensible option is . 
  nice find !, 
  might get that book , the one i 'm reading at the moment is really interesting . 
   `` free men '' is one of the possible roots of frisian . 
  i did read that the other day in the book i 'm reading about the history of the netherlands , but i ca n't find a source on the internet . 
  the only possible etymology i can find is `` curly haired '' : http://www.etymonline.com/index.php?term=frisian, 
   without war the world would sink into a swamp of materialism . 
  so now we have endless wars from the military industrial complex , ** and ** a swamp of materialism too . 
  yep . 
  and we studied wilfred owen 's poetry in english too . 
  never met anyone like that . 
  everyone i 've ever spoken to about the subject believes people who move to a foreign country permanently should learn the language . 
  the only difference in opinion is how and how much it should be enforced . 
  but it 's anecdotal -- people are different . 
  time to spend 10 minutes on the internet while at work ? 
  yes . 
  time to spend 30 mins travelling to the nearest nt2 class after getting home from work , eating food , doing 1.5 hours of lessons , 30 mins back home , then spending 2 hours doing homework each night till the next lesson 2 days later , while holding down a 40 hour/week job with a 2 hour commute each way , spending time with my gf , 2 young children and 6 week old baby ? 
  not so much , unfortunately . 
  believe me , i wish i did have decent amounts of free time . 
  you can do your driving theory test in english . 
  ( i did :o), 
  kind of . 
  :p in the randstad , pretty much . 
  out in the heart of gelderland , where i live , not so much . 
  i speak almost entirely dutch around there . 
  i think the argument about integration at the moment is that not integrating * does * have a detrimental affect on society . 
  it becomes fragmented ; communities and people are isolated ; in extreme cases , poorer immigrant communities turn into ghettos . 
  people find it harder to escape cycles of poverty and crime if they 're limited to their immediate community of fellow immigrants . 
   oh , no , do n't judge them , they simply ca n't learn dutch in such a short timespan of 18 years , dutch is hard and shit , what are you , a f@@@ing nazi ? 
  nobody in this thread is saying anything remotely like that . 
  i personally find it difficult to find time for serious study of dutch , it 's nothing to do with the language itself being hard . 
  yep , i do that !, 
  it does help . 
  i learn little bits every day . 
  i made friends with some danish speakers at the weekend . 
  given my dutch is still a work in progress , it was no surprise to me that like 1 in 10 danish words sounded in any way familiar whatsoever . . :d, 
  you do n't need to learn dutch or pass the inburgering exam if you 're from anywhere inside the eu , and everyone from outside of the eu does need to take it . 
  if you studied it intensively , i do n't think it 's difficult , no . 
  10 weeks of nt2 for 4-5 hours/week taught me absolutely loads . 
  of course , you have to stay motivated and practice lots with native speakers too . 
  later generations defniitely have it easier . 
  i know a danish woman who moved here ( nl ) with her early-teenaged daughter . 
  she is still learning dutch 3 years later ( as i am too ) , but her daughter picked up the basics in literally a few weeks and is in a dutch school with no problems . 
  of course , kids also have much more time to learn than adults who have to hold down jobs / try to make a living / etc. 
  hah , as a fellow immigrant , i can tell you quite easily why i 've not learned the language properly yet : time . 
  i 've learned loads from speaking with other dutchies but my reading/writing is still terrible . 
  i did 10 weeks of nt2 but have a full time job and a family , and finding the time to do structured learning is actually really difficult for me . 
  in a way it 's the downside of it being so easy to integrate here . 
  you can get a job so easily as an english speaker , so you do n't * need * to learn dutch . 
  within the netherlands it 's fine - i work in brabant so i 'm used to that accent ; amsterdam is ok ; northern accents sound like they could be confusing but i never had trouble in groningen either really . 
  of course , abn is the easiest to understand - i was actually shocked at how clearly i understood the queen speaking . 
  i was in belgium the other day and listen to studio brussels a lot in the car . 
  in a way i find be-nl clearer , people seem to enunciate more deliberately , and it 's a bit softer so you could say easier on the ear , though it also sounds slightly `` foreign '' to me now , haha . 
  of course , i still have plenty of issues just understanding the language , but that 's just vocab usually , 
  i though it 's been this way for a while ?
