  http://educatie.ntr.nl/nationaleinburgeringtest/ translation : `` as of january 1 , 2007 is the integration exam is a fact . 
  integrators must demonstrate that they have mastered enough dutch ( a1/a2 ) and that they have sufficient knowledge of the dutch society '', 
  ca n't tell if serious ... as an englishman still gradually learning to speak dutch , it is * sometimes * an issue that dutchies speak great english and switch to it at the slightest suggestion you 're not a 100 % fluent native dutch speaker . 
  but english is an incredibly valuable language to know well , in many ways . 
  sure , if it 's a considered critique i would agree , but the original comment was a standard internet fly by pissant throwaway comment . 
  hardly what i would call a `` critique '' . 
  as you say , suspicion against swedish culture coupled with suspicion of roma from swedish culture . 
  it seems like there 's a huge integration problem . 
  but i am just extremely wary of saying `` this is due to the roma culture '' , because you remember 100 years ago how we treated jewish people in europe ? 
  was it also the fault of jewish culture that they ended up oppressed , discriminated and living in ghettos ? 
  i 'm not trying to invoke a godwin here . 
  i 'm just highly suspicious of arguments that blame the people with the least power . 
  anyway , it 's a good debate . 
  thanks for discussing it civilly and taking the time to send me the articles . 
  ok , thanks for the articles , i really do appreciate it !, 
  i read the first and third article you sent . 
  if this is true , how do we * know * how they are doing comparative to other immigrant groups ? 
  this is basically what i was asking for : statistics that actually show `` roma commit more crime than kurds or swedes '' . 
  from there you can try to discuss * why * we think that is happening . 
  maybe this is in the first article you sent me . 
  i will have a read , 
  sure !, 
  i 'll take your word for the welfare eligibility , i think that 's the same in most european countries , i 'm interested in reading about how and why they 're over represented with crime and failure in education . 
   but the romas in sweden get the same welfare checks as everybody else if they do not have a job and they do not live in poverty . 
  however , they are still , even compared to other welfare groups , over represented when it comes to crime and not finishing school etc. 
  i want to go back to this point you made earlier , and ask you for some links to back it up ( in swedish is ok , i will google translate ! ) . 
  i 'm not arguing for the sake of being argumentative , i really am interested in understanding these social issues , because it 's such a big and important issue in our societies . 
  i know some kurdish people , and they are really well educated . 
  they actually emmigrated to the netherlands via sweden too , so i think they fall into the migration group you 're talking about . 
  the husband of the kurdish person i know does freelance marketing for pro sports players , he is very well educated and pretty wealthy . 
  his wife is the daughter of a tribal leader . 
  we went to their wedding and everybody there seemed to be doing pretty well for themselves . 
  i agree there are cultural differences between these two groups , but i still firmly believe poverty is the root cause of the social issues in immigrant roma groups . 
  just the same as it 's the root cause of the social issues in immigrant jamaican groups in the uk . 
  ( or even social issues in jamaica ) . 
  different migrant groups have different cultures but are also from different economic backgrounds . 
  oh yeah , immigrants . 
  before we knew what they were like , we actually invited them round to our house for a bbq with a couple of other neighbours . 
  he sat there and ranted on and on about immigrants , in my house , with me sat right there at the table , knowing i 'd moved to the netherlands from the uk . 
  of course , it 's only certain kinds of immigrants he does n't like ... 
  are you serious ? 
  roma are the only people who have ever sent their kids to work ? 
  maybe the root of the problem is the actual * poverty the people are living in * ? 
  good ol' fashioned racism is alive and kicking in this subreddit . 
  i noticed similar comments on the thread about the girl in the roma family in greece . 
  somebody commented `` their entire culture should be destroyed '' . 
  meanwhile a neighbour a few doors down here in the nl , spurred into more vocal racism than his usual simmering resentment by the zwarte piet debate here , posted `` haha niggers are just monkeys '' on facebook the other day . 
  eternal vigilence seems absolutely necessary to prevent bigotry and the persecution that follows from it . 
  it 's called metrological : http://www.metrological.com/ it 's a framework for building apps for smart tv 's and set top boxes . 
  yeah , we 've switched back to ff at work from chrome , but not because of memory : firefox has better javascript stack traces ( at least with the framework we 're using ) . 
  also they found a small stockpile of mustard gas in the shed of a block of flats on friday night , right behind where we live !, 
  luckily it was removed and nothing leaked . 
  we kept our windows shut at night just in case , though !, 
  yes , we 're doing a home birth . 
   home births here are decreasing but still very popular . 
   this is yet another reason why gypsy culture must be exterminated . 
  ( not the people ) then we should also include indian , arab , pakistani and most african cultures in there too , right ? 
  the whole culture ? 
  ahh we have a little girl due any day now and were wondering about this the other day . 
  that 's truly amazing , thanks for sharing . 
  sounds a bit like edinburgh !, 
  yup . 
  http://xkcd.com/951/ when i started out driving to my new assignment i always tried to fill up at the cheapest place . 
  a few weeks ago i remembered i 'll get most of it back from taxes anyway as i own my own company . 
  waste of time , lol, 
  yeah , when i said ` stains ' , i simply meant that the colours showed where colonialism had spread throughout the world . 
  i did n't necessarily mean genocide or ethnic cleansing . 
  i have read ` guns , germs and steel ' , it 's a fantastic book . 
  mostly inuits  inuit 89 % , danish and other 11 % ( 2009 ) https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/gl.html, 
  nice work !, 
  the wide stains of colonialism . 
  we did that !, 
  really enjoyed it . 
  was actually a bit disappointed when it turned around just at the real start of europort . 
  i did a similar tour in szczecin , poland . 
  equally interesting for different reasons . 
  highly recommended !, 
  i love port cities . 
  i think you mean `` abso-booo-tely '' !, 
  the [ oosterscheldekering ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oosterscheldekering ) ( eastern scheldt storm surge barrier ) is part of the 13 delta works series of dams and storm surge barriers , designed to protect the netherlands from flooding from the north sea . 
  the construction of the delta works was in response to the widespread damage and loss of life due to the north sea flood of 1953 . 
  ( source - wiki ) i visited the museum there in my first winter in the netherlands . 
  i was moved to tears by the films about why it was built , and awed by the how of it . 
  imho an engineering project comparable in scope , ambition and ingenuity to the apollo and hoover dam projects . 
  every dutchie should visit it once in their lives . 
  it 's not legal to produce it , but it 's legal to sell and consume it . 
  you are also allowed to grow a small amount for personal use . 
  actually just double checked with my gf ( haha i care about these details ! ), 
  and it 's called cafe jos !, 
  http://cafejos.nl/ get the worst selection too ( turkse knoflook worst is the lekkerste ! ) . 
  really great place , amazing beer . 
  have a good one !, 
  i believe it was this place : http://www.cafesamson.nl/spec.lua we went there last year in the summer , walked all around the city and finished up at this place . 
  it 's a bit out of the way but worth the walk !, 
  great beer , and nice to sit both inside or out . 
  i 'm in ede by the way , just down the road !, 
  oh , where do you live ? 
  i 'm not either . 
  there 's a great place in nijmegen too , on the other side of the country , absolutely insane selection . 
  do n't think so ?
