  i tried mediamarkt ( pretty big one too ) and no sign of nexus , and could n't find it online either . 
  ended up getting my sis in the uk to buy one and send it to me . 
  nexus 4 that is . 
  been to beer temple in amsterdam ? 
  haha , i remember that !, 
  have they made any progress ? 
  till then we will content ourselves with the drielandenpunt i suppose :p, 
  more interesting innovation in science & tech . 
  i swear looking at industry jobs it seems like 90 % of the dutch economy is driven by marketing budgets . 
  there is some interesting stuff out there but it 's hard to find . 
  surely that 's amstel !, 
  article 14 of the universal declaration of human rights : http://www.unhcr.org/pages/4ab388876.html, 
  wow , so many '' / s '' in this thread . 
  all you sarcastic people ** obviously ** know what 's best for the world !, 
   why did n't they stop in turkey where there are extensive camps and facilities set up to house them ? 
  i 've answered this elsewhere , for the specific case of kurdish refugees ( like the child who drowned and hit the newspaper front pages ) : is is now in turkey . 
  if you 're living on the streets of istanbul and hear is is getting closer , what do you do ? 
  refugees are not immigrants . 
  ok . you know the little boy who drowned that this thread is about ? 
  he is syrian-kurdish . 
  the kurds are fighting is . 
  is wants kurds killed . 
  is is in turkey . 
  simple enough for you ? 
  in turkey : is is now active inside turkey . 
  the turkish secret service has warned `` is is planning strikes in istanbul '' . 
  many of the people fleeing turkey are kurdic syrians . 
  there are attacks going on inside turkey right now . 
  if you were kurdic living on the streets of istanbul with your children , would you feel safe ? 
  is is now active inside turkey . 
  the turkish secret service has warned `` is is planning strikes in istanbul '' . 
  many of the people fleeing turkey are kurdic syrians . 
  there are attacks going on inside turkey right now . 
  if you were kurdic living on the streets of istanbul with your children , would you feel safe ? 
  people conflate refugees with migrants . 
  they are not the same thing !, 
  people fleeing war in syria are not doing so because they want to live in the utopia of europe , they are fleeing because otherwise they and their families will be killed . 
  they are not `` migrants '' they are refugees . 
  as a brit who 's settled in the netherlands , i am too . 
  yeah , i learned a lot when i visited a friend in szczecin and went to the museum there ( forget which one , had a lot of soviet era stuff in it ) . 
  most people only know what happened to their own country , and the jews . 
  i worked it out to around 4million cubic meters from https://www.neb-one.gc.ca/nrg/tl/cnvrsntbl/cnvrsntbl-eng.html#s2ss_auto3, 
  thanks !, 
  my dutch is just good enough to get most of that  if i understand , that converts to 4.476.000 cubic meters . 
  total usage of natural gas in nl in 2014 was 38.000.000.000 cubic meters ( cbs - http://www.cbs.nl/en-gb/menu/themas/industrie-energie/publicaties/artikelen/archief/2015/netto-export-aardgas-25-procent-gedaald.htm ) . 
  so as a % of the total domestic usage , greenhouses account for around 0,01 % of domestic usage . 
  do those numbers add up ? 
  per year ? 
  that does sound like quite a lot . 
  wow . 
  they should use geothermal , i 'm sure it would be awesome at scale !, 
  edit : got a link to read more about this ? 
  how much gas does it really take to heat a greenhouse though ? 
  even a farm of them ... 
  i work in an office with a russian guy and a couple of ukrainians . 
  i know he 's not a fan of putin 's aggression . 
  do n't assume all russians are behind him . 
  the biggest cities in the world can get pretty freaking pricy . 
  think about san francisco , new york , london , tokyo , mumbai . 
  you 'd still live comfortably on that in those places , but you would n't feel particularly well off . 
  very glad to live in the netherlands today ( ex-pat brit ) . 
  now i just need to get my citizenship so i can vote here and i think i will throw away my uk passport . 
  great post . 
  my thoughts on the challenges of a more direct democracy : * how to stop swathes of people being cheaply/easily influenced by media/marketing/advertising ? 
  people ca n't be both working citizens and full time politicians with all the resources at their disposal . 
  there 's likely an information asymmetry between `` the common man '' and interests wanting to influence his direct votes, 
  the vlaai there is amazing too !, 
  perhaps the best i 've ever tasted :d, 
  thanks for explaining it . 
  summary killings and executions . 
  i ca n't help but thinking about the us drone strikes in pakistan and other places . 
  are n't they the same ? 
  ( not trying to detract from what the separatists are doing ) . 
   so the ideal system still needs to account for the human condition agree strongly !, 
  i am a humanist first , political second  humans rock . 
   we do n't live in a world where resources are unlimited . 
  this is arguable . 
  at current population levels , there is enough energy from the sun alone to provide for all of our energy needs . 
  everything else follows from that . 
  the problem is the current system is not set up to distribute energy fairly -- it 's set up to concentrate wealth more and more . 
  i would argue that if wealth was redistributed more evenly , we could at the very least be living in a society with a living wage , right now . 
  ( hell , the greens in the uk are proposing that under the current system !, 
  imagine how much better it could be if wealth was n't so unequal ? ) . 
  inventors should be compensated , for sure . 
  but surely there are sensible ratios here between e.g. 
  the compensation for working in a factory ( or a call center ) and inventing something shiny and new ( or playing football ) . 
  even people at the heart of our current system agree with this , look at the recent clampdown on bankers bonuses . 
  though you could argue that 's just populism , 
  i dunno , it seems pretty divided , this time around the critics of communism are on the receiving end of the downvotes . 
  so pathetic . 
  stop downvoting just because you disagree with them and engage them instead ?!, 
  ( not directed at you , just very frustrated with this behaviour on these news sites ), 
  once again people downvoting , this time the people criticising communism . 
  i really hate this about reddit , that you ca n't have a discussion without comments being downvoted to invisible . 
  anyway , have an upvote because i want to , you know , have a discussion on reddit . 
  as far as what you say : i agree with you up to the point you start talking about naive idealists . 
  why does this always have to be so absolutist ? 
  personally i do n't think communism is a `` flawless system '' , any more than i think that about the western democratic systems we use . 
  but that does n't mean we ca n't borrow the good ideas from it , like utopianism . 
  personally i want to live in a world like that in iain m. banks depicts in his culture series .
