in your comment you suggest ( it at least looks like ) that the reason that the usa has not much trouble with gypsies is because americans have no prejudice towards them . 
  you are indirectly stating that the reason that gypsies have trouble integrating in western-european countries is because western europeans are prejudiced towards them . 
  or in other words ` they wo n't integrate because we are mean ( prejudiced ) to them ' . 
  while i wo n't deny that in some countries a lot of people treat gypsies like trash i want you to know that there is a lot more that influences the problems surrounding gypsies and it is also comes partly from their own behaviour, 
  what will be the consequences for parties like ukip and the five star movement now that they are n't in a group anymore ? 
  you were correct with your guess that with we i mean we the people of the netherlands . 
  i 'm not sure if that is the right way to say it . 
  there are in multiple countries people that openly support the islamic state . 
  i know that in germany they even made it punishable by law . 
  in the netherlands we had a few small pro-is demonstrations planned but they were forbidden by the mayor of the hague . 
  also in the netherlands , you start to learn dutch from the age of 5/6 in primary education . 
  around the age of 10/11 english will be added . 
  in secondary education at the age of 12/13 you will then also get french and german ( also latin and greek in certain schools ) . 
  doing exams in dutch and english is mandatory and depending on the type of secondary school you follow it can be the case that you have to do exams in either french , german , latin or greek . 
  calling hitler a leftist is maybe a bit exaggerated but it is true that a lot of his policies were left leaning . 
  the policies were similar but the ideology behind it were different . 
  the reason that the conservatives handed over the power to him is a bit more complicated but you should n't forget that those people were the political elite and in now way a representation of the german population . 
  on top of that a lot of nazi party supporters were from the leftist movements , in the end there is a reason that they are called national-socialists . 
  nope a dutch court ruled that it indeed violates dutch laws however for national security reasons the practice will be allowed ( by the dutch court ) . 
  it seems that i have a hard time trying to express my opinion in english . 
  what i meant with value was that some people choose to be busy with certain problems in the world while others do n't and that the amount in which they do this also varies . 
  this was pointing towards the workers violations in brazil and has nothing to do with the russian internal politics . 
  but the problem that you create when you would deny every country that violates human rights the world cup is that we would end up with world cups mostly being held in western countries . 
  and then you would end up with the question : should the fifa let a countries politics weigh in their decision to hold a world cup there ? 
  and if yes , to which extent ? 
  which is a whole different discussion . 
  then you misinterpreted my comment . 
  the core of my statement was that people have different values and deal with them in different ways . 
  it 's true that i do n't have any connection to any of those persons and thus do n't mourn their deaths . 
  but would you mourn me if i would get a heart attack now ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  this does n't mean that i do n't care about the conditions of those people . 
  this only means that when i watch football that i 'm not busy with it . 
  when i watch football i enjoy the game with my friends and family . 
  and i do n't let that enjoyment get intertwined with the harsh things that happen in the world . 
  excuse me for not being busy with the suffering of every human being every second of my live . 
  if you want to do that then be my guest and if you are coming up for their cause in a nonviolent way then you have my respect . 
  i only do n't feel that boycotting football games would change anything to these problems and i have my own ways to tackle these issues . 
  you have every right to do things in your way but so have i and this does n't make me any less human . 
  you should let people decide for themselves if they want to watch it or not . 
  a lot of people value different things in life . 
  it may sound harsh but when i watched the brazil world cup i did n't think a moment about all the violated workers right and embezzled money . 
  i also do n't think about the massive amounts of children workers in asia when i buy my clothes . 
  nor do i about the slaves that pick the cacao of the cheap chocolate that i eat . 
  this does n't mean that i do n't care . 
  you can stand still by every little horror in life but it would n't make you happier nor anyone else . 
  the world is tough and some things are just the way they are . 
  this does n't mean that you ca n't do your best to change it . 
  but everyone has his or her own way to do so . 
  and to state that if i would watch the 2018 world cup would mean that i do n't value football is in my opinion a bit short sighted . 
  btw , i do n't thing that you are an asshole , 
  what is the reason that the usa and eu members dislike this ? 
  netherlands here !, 
  skik - op fietse the song comes from the dutch province of drenthe and they sing in the local accent ( which makes it hard to understand ) . 
  it however has in my opinion a nice tune with a great use of the harmonica . 
   among other things , they are calling for the creation of a social justice state , the nationalization of industry , and support for the russia-speaking population abroad . 
  do they take these people even seriously in russia ? 
  are you now allowed to buy butter in sweden ? 
  - free movement , just going to germany or belgium for a day without much trouble . 
  - one currency , i do n't have to worry that my debit card wo n't work , if i have some cash in my pocket i can spend . 
  - cheaper museum fees . 
  - it enabled my school to do a student exchange with schools in germany , spain , uk and norway . 
  how is this exactly measured ? 
  this is for the arnhem-nijmegen area and surroundings , if you want to see the dutch cultural history i would recommend [ het openlucht museum ( open air museum ) ] ( http://www.openairmuseum.nl/ ) in arnhem . 
  it 's a real nice big museum with a lot of old farms and buildings from all over the netherlands . 
  if you are there i recommend that you try [ poffertjes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poffertjes ) , they are delicious . 
  nearby places that are also worth visiting are : * [ hartenstein ] ( http://en.airbornemuseum.nl/ ) , a world war 2 museum in the nearby village of oosterbeek ( there 's also a woii cemetry nearby ) . 
  * [ museum het valkhof ] ( http://www.museumhetvalkhof.nl/english.html ) , an archeology and art museum in nijmegen it 's next to a beautiful park and the city is nice too !, 
  * [ afrika museum ] ( http://www.afrikamuseum.nl/international/english.php ) , a museum near nijmegen existing out of two parts , one is inside with a lot of african culture and art . 
  the other one is outside and has a few small collections of buildings of various african cultures plus the sell delicious food . 
  * [ museum park orientalis ] ( http://www.museumparkorientalis.nl/en/ ) , an open air museum again near nijmegen with three or four villages each representing one of the three big monotheistic faithes . 
  * [ kr\u00f6ller m\u00fcller museum ] ( http://www.kmm.nl/?lang=en ) , an art museum in the middle of park de hoge veluwe . 
  it 's a beautiful museum and can be combined with a walk around the surrounding park . 
  you can also rent bikes and kick scooters which make it easier going around . 
  * the two villages s ` heerenberg and doesburg are also worth visiting . 
  [ click here ] ( https://mapsengine.google.com/map/edit?mid=zscpe-ir-ayq.kxg-ppttn1oe ) to see a map with all the locations marked that are named above ( google maps ) . 
  [ click here ] ( http://www.arnhemnijmegenregion.com/ ) to visit the tourist site of the arnhem-nijmegen region ( vvv , official dutch tourism association ) . 
  if you have any questions or want to add something to the list be free to ask/respond . 
  all the links provided are english and some of them are also available in german . 
  and kebab is turkey ? 
  i like it though i 'm still not used to it . 
  it reminds sometimes me of monopoly money . 
  you got a good taste, 
  honestly based on my experience in working in caf\u00e9 's you ca n't defeat any brit in a drinking game involving beer . 
  only the germans come close . 
  [ spoiler ] as far as i could tell they were only able to identify the body that was found in the netherlands , they could n't link a person with the second body that was found in norway . 
  it tells the story of two bodies with similar wetsuits that washed ashore within a period of 70 days in respectively the netherlands and norway . 
  the police managed to find out that the wetsuits were bought in calais and from there on the article describes how they are searching for the man with in the background the circumstances in which migrants and refugees live in calais and how they are trying to cross the channel . 
  somewhere halfway they manage to link the body to a missing person and from there on proceed to tell the story about the person 's history . 
  well parliamentary representation is also democracy . 
  while i do agree that direct democracy is not stupid i prefer my parliamentary representation . 
  we have a proportional representation model in the netherlands with a political culture that is heavily focus on consensus thus making our democracy very representative . 
  one could argue that considering the turnout between 30 % and 60 % in most of the referenda that the results are n't a representative of the whole population ( same goes for parliamentary democracy btw ) and you of course also have the argument of the uniformed voter . 
  considering that referendums have existed for hundreds of years in the swiss confederation i can understand that you prefer them . 
  for the same reason i prefer just my proportional representation parliamentary democracy . 
  whatever works best for you i guess . 
  the original article for reference : http://www.ad.nl/ad/nl/1012/nederland/article/detail/3882271/2015/03/04/holocaust-les-bullshit-zeggen-de-leerlingen.dhtml i think that it has to be said that ad is a sensationalist newspaper and arie slob 's christianunion is , similar to other christendemocrat parties , quite fond of acting like society is being ruined . 
  the problem that the article describes is however still something that needs to be dealt with . 
  just looked a bit into it and according tot [ the bbc ] ( http://m.bbc.com/news/world-europe-31737635 ) they only postponed the plan instead of dropping it . 
  no not all .
