but you could gain valuable experience if you wanted to go into the burgeoning fields of water meter installation or car detailing !, 
  christ jobbridge is a disaster . 
  anywhere not cork , really . 
  yer after making a show of mammy . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/yellow_journalism it 's another name for cheap sensationalist tabloids . 
  yeah , not paying $ .20 for the privilege of using one of our many beautiful public shooting galleries . 
  yes , but if they were fired even one degree off the bullets could remain spin stabilised , which would prevent tumbling and still be moving at lethal speeds . 
  and if they were fired at a perfect 90 degrees , which is highly unlikely , there would have to be no wind to affect the bullets ' course and move them into an arc . 
  but these bullets are n't falling , they were fired . 
  they will likely maintain their ballistic trajectory and will absolutely be moving fast enough to seriously injure or kill when they return to the surface . 
  that 's why it 's illegal to fire randomly into the air in so many places ; it 's not just a nuisance , it puts lives at risk . 
  hey , we should start a club !, 
  good god , the karling scum made it across the channel ? 
  all hope is lost . 
  they 'd hardly memorise the whole book on the off chance they need to say one of the phrases . 
  every fucking time . 
  i read an answer to this question the other day , and for that person it was the means of killing . 
  while factory farm conditions can be abhorrent ( i think most people would at least admit that ) , those animals are not killed with a grenade harpoon . 
  do n't forget the pudding . 
  clonakilty beats any other blood sausage , but even our aldi stuff is quite alright . 
  is it hard to swallow when you have n't a tongue ? 
  hon the lads !, 
  in ireland and the uk , the polish and other eastern europeans are roughly equivalent to what mexican and other latin american immigrants are in the states . 
  they 've flourished in construction , food service , janitorial , and other low-skill work . 
  much in the same way americans do n't tend to complain about canadians taking jobs , because those jobs are often higher value/high-skill jobs , people here do n't complain as much about the french or germans coming over for high-skill positions . 
  maybe it 's because highly-skilled jobs are seen as inherently more competitive to begin with , so it 's just expected that you 'll face international competition . 
  at least , that 's my take on it , having lived in the states , ireland , and now the uk while working in both the construction and food service industries before going back to college . 
  i doubt many eu personnel will come here to work in our health system . 
  the hse is like the nhs ' slow little brother , with more bureaucracy and worse hours for doctors . 
  we haemorrhage medical grads to the uk and australia . 
  formal defection was abolished almost ten years ago . 
  you can send in as many papers as you like , they 're not taking your name out of the baptismal register . 
  at least he seems to support a united ireland , so there 's that . 
  well , there are n't songs about galway girls and anna from fermanagh for no reason . 
  he 's saying that `` natural '' and `` traditional '' do not mean the same thing as `` morally justifiable '' . 
  ah come on now , jesus is obviously saying what the nobleman who was made king said to his servants in that verse :  luke 19  new international version  the parable of the ten minas  ^ 11 while they were listening to this , he went on to tell them a parable , because he was near jerusalem and the people thought that the kingdom of god was going to appear at once . 
  ^ 12 he said : `` a man of noble birth went to a distant country to have himself appointed king and then to return . 
  ^ 13 so he called ten of his servants and gave them ten minas . 
  ` put this money to work , ' he said , ` until i come back . '  ^ 14 `` but his subjects hated him and sent a delegation after him to say , ` we do n't want this man to be our king . '  ^ 15 `` he was made king , however , and returned home . 
  then he sent for the servants to whom he had given the money , in order to find out what they had gained with it . 
   ^ 16 `` the first one came and said , ` sir , your mina has earned ten more . '  ^ 17 `` ` well done , my good servant ! ' his master replied . 
  ` because you have been trustworthy in a very small matter , take charge of ten cities . '  ^ 18 `` the second came and said , ` sir , your mina has earned five more . '  ^ 19 `` his master answered , ` you take charge of five cities . '  ^ 20 `` then another servant came and said , ` sir , here is your mina ; i have kept it laid away in a piece of cloth . 
  ^ 21 i was afraid of you , because you are a hard man . 
  you take out what you did not put in and reap what you did not sow . '  ^ 22 `` his master replied , ` i will judge you by your own words , you wicked servant !, 
  you knew , did you , that i am a hard man , taking out what i did not put in , and reaping what i did not sow ? 
  ^ 23 why then did n't you put my money on deposit , so that when i came back , i could have collected it with interest ? '  ^ 24 `` then he said to those standing by , ` take his mina away from him and give it to the one who has ten minas . '  ^ 25 `` ` sir , ' they said , ` he already has ten ! '  ^ 26 `` he replied , ` i tell you that to everyone who has , more will be given , but as for the one who has nothing , even what they have will be taken away . 
  ** ^ 27 but those enemies of mine who did not want me to be king over them -- bring them here and kill them in front of me . ' '' ** if you want to say that jesus was endorsing the king 's actions , then go on and back it up . 
  but do n't be dishonest by pretending that jesus ordered these people executed . 
  it is still in the bible , though . 
  regardless of whether you 're supposed to follow laws like those against eating shellfish or wearing two kinds of cloth , god still directly commanded the israelites to commit genocide . 
  that did n't not happen just because there are new rules to follow . 
  you 're still asked to worship and obey a god that ordered exterminations . 
  it has nothing to do with men owning dogs , it has to do with putin . 
  she has a publicly known fear of dogs after being bitten by one , so putin brings his dog around when they have meetings . 
  unless all men are presidents of russia , your interpretation does n't really make much sense . 
  i saw someone say ages ago that he seems to view every interaction as a zero-sum game , and he just wants to `` win '' as many interactions as he can regardless of what that may lead to overall . 
  world conquest . 
  unfortunately , he probably is n't facing much resistance inside . 
  prisoners are prime targets for extremist ideologies of all stripes . 
  you 've got a bunch of guys crammed together , many of whom feel like they have nothing to live for or have been shunned or kept down by society , and many of them will have few qualms about being violent . 
  it 's an extremist 's wet dream in terms of a recruiting ground . 
  not the same at all , really , considering the americano is an espresso drink . 
  cool , cheers . 
  i 'd go so far as to say that italy is rather nice . 
  shhh , careful with those . 
  i do n't think they mind them cropping up here but you never can tell . 
  i love that british france extends to galicia . 
  read the website 's subtitle :  others talk about integration , we show it . 
  it 's clearly biased against immigrants generally and the idea that they can ever be a part of italian society . 
  that kind of bias is undesirable in law enforcement . 
  eta : i still have enough italian to muddle through some of the articles , with the help of wordreference , and that has confirmed what i thought . 
  i 've just read an article about how immigrants in particular have a propensity toward criminality . 
  they also credit the roughly 25 % growth in the italian prison population over the last decade to the `` merits '' of immigrants . 
  yeah , i feel no sympathy for someone throwing up the nazi salute not being publicly honoured . 
  and sharing the website dedicated to documenting crimes committed by immigrants . 
  my mistake !, 
  the dutch : a great bunch of lads . 
  if his mother has an indonesian parent , that would make his grandparent indonesian , and him 1/4 indonesian . 
   burden of their economy is n't something like 1/3 of their workforce in the civil service ? 
  it would be a disaster . 
  no religion or belief structure is immune to criticism . 
  ritual , nonmedical circumcision is an archaic practice that has no place in a world where we agree that people should have basic rights to their own bodily integrity . 
  terrible , that . 
  everyone was completely in uproar for that poor woman . 
  i ca n't imagine that or the settlement was much comfort for her husband , though . 
  it 's a disgrace , joe !, 
  i had n't heard that one , but i 'm sure we all remember [ bpas ' ] ( https://www.bpas.org ) `` we 'll care for your women until your government does '' ad in the irish times a few years ago . 
  would they still have too much time on their hands if they held up signs you agreed with ? 
  real subtle . 
  and here i thought verhofstadt had said there would be no punishment for britain . 
  parliament wo n't be voting on whether or not the uk leaves , it will only be voting on whether or not deal * x * is acceptable . 
  if they find it wanting , it will be reworked and deal * x ^ 1 * will be the one that they pass . 
   a pattern is emerging i would think that implies that this is a recent phenomenon , would n't you ? 
  the lines are drawn from the geographical centre of the island . 
  please notice dublin-kun , senpai . 
  the na\u00efvete of some people and their inability to see the forest for the trees is absolutely staggering . 
  it 's as if they think they 're acting in a vacuum where there are no consequences outside the moment . 
  sunset at 19:00 ? 
  that sounds heavenly . 
  it 's going down at 15:40 today where i live .
