  also , the general geography knowledge on sporcle is quite high . 
  it 's too small , sorry , 
  `` dear and expensive '' is a german idiom , not to be taken literal, 
  various sci-fi novels by sergei lukyanenko, 
  reading the comments i feel quite old . 
  9/11 , the madrid and london bombings , the whole iraq war kerfuffle , those were always on a similar level for me and i remember that time quite vividly . 
  germany 25 %, 
  is it mandatory to have a beard in the scandinavian armies ? 
  well , that 's global warming for you . 
  damn . 
  i 've known the prokudin-gorski photographs for years ... so much missed karma !, 
  great presentation !, 
  only because they have a lot of people . 
  in terms of co2/capita , they are far behind . 
  yay !, 
  we won !, 
  suck it , rest of europe !, 
  can you add a `` translation in comments '' tag to the new link ? 
  i orginally wanted to link to an english article , but so far i could find no english speaking source running it . 
  these are the main points translated directly : - according to the kba ( federal vehicle agency ) , the kia soul ev is by far the most popular ev in germany for 2015 , selling 2459 so far this year and 1000 just in october 2015 . 
  - this seems weird , since the car is nowhere to be seen on the road . 
  - the center for automotive research at the university of duisburg has discovered that 91 % ( all of 2015 so far ) or 99 % ( october 2015 ) of new soul evs in germany were first registered to kia dealers . 
  - 2/3 of soul evs in norway are `` used '' cars imported from germany . 
  norway is a huge market for electric vehicles in general . 
  - co2 emission supercredits only count for the region where the vehicle is first registered . 
  - according to the kba , average emissions for all kia vehicles sold in germany dropped from 128 g co2 to 112 g co2 from september to october . 
  according to the spiegel , this is primarily achieved by the phantom ev registrations . 
  - according to t&e ( transport & environment , an ngo ) , kia-hyundai manages to avoid paying a $ 70m penalty by using this trick and staying 0.9 grams below the 131 gram co2 limit . 
  it dropped from 158 to 128 because 30 of the bataclan victims got counted twice . 
  happens in every major chaotic situation like this . 
  i think it is reasonable to make a third thread . 
  last year , doctors could n't find a tumor in my great-uncles lungs until it was too late . 
  therefore all doctors in germany should be fired / s seriously , what is this thread ? 
  fallacy bingo ? 
  itt : people who think that an issue which has been the subject of academic debate in philosophy and legal studies for decades can be summarized in one-liner-comments . 
  he was also fluent in english . 
  this is him having a chat with french president valery giscard d'estaing . 
  should n't that be obvious ? 
  the federal office for refugees pays for the rent . 
  if you own property and want to help with the refugee crisis , you can register at the bamf and host a refugee family . 
  your analogy is n't even that bad , but in a way i am doing just that . 
  i am `` renting '' some of my money to the bank , to get some interest . 
  the same way that i wondered why my city is not renting out some of its empty appartments to refugees . 
  it would even make some profit . 
  this way it 's just dead capital . 
  eastern westfalia, 
  everything is empty here . 
  apartment blocks , normal homes , industrial sites , everything . 
   those apartments were built for people from your community . 
  if you fill them with refugees then where will people from your community that need a place to live go ? 
  but that 's the point . 
  they are empty because nobody wants to live in them . 
  there are no new `` people from your community that need a place to live '' anymore , not in rural areas . 
  and there never will be again . 
  like most countries in europe , germany 's provinces are suffering from massive urbanisation , meaning that rural areas are dying out . 
  the apparment block is owned by the town , but since the town 's population is dropping every year - like any other places with less than 100,000 people in germany - a lot of them are empty . 
  well , they are n't . 
  what ? 
  i honestly have no idea what you mean by that ? 
  meanwhile , 6 out of 8 units in my appartment block are empty . 
  edit : i honestly do n't understand the downvotes for this ... rural areas in germany are dying out and hundreds of thousands of buildings are empty . 
  if you have visited germany , you probably have only been to berlin or munich and do n't realize how much massive urbanisation has changed rural germany . 
  i would n't mind having refugees as neighbors , at least that way i would have some neighbors at all . 
  but looking at my downvotes apparently this is an unacceptable opinion in today 's right-wing r/europe . 
  i mostly agree with merkel 's politics during the past months , but i am afraid to voice this opinion on this subreddit , since it will always get downvoted into oblivion . 
  i survived for weeks on discounted sandwiches from sainsbury 's . 
  oddly they had tons of them marked down every day . 
  i usually go out for lunch with my coworkers 2-3 times per week . 
  here are some examples : fast food - d\u00f6ner $ 3.50 , currywurst + fries $ 3.70 , burger king menu $ 4.50 chinese all you can eat buffet - $ 6.90 ( 2 hrs max , no drinks included ) local restaurant ( `` gutb\u00fcrgerlich '' , only 1 meal choice for lunch , which changes every day , huge portion ) - $ 6.70 other restaurants in the area $ 6 - $ 10 fancy restaurant ( same prices lunch and dinner , very good food ) - $ 10 to $ 16 edit : i live in a relatively poor and rural part of germany , meaning that the prices are probably a bit cheaper than the national average . 
  the version by jack black is my favorite . 
  goosebumbs everywhere !, 
  remember people going apeshit about the greece situation earlier this year ? 
  completely disappeared in the media all of a sudden . 
  or the war in ukraine ? 
  * poof * gone, 
  will do !, 
  or both !, 
  really ? 
  the way the mood is right now , this is no unpopular opinion at all . 
  another thing that irks me about the swiss ; i 'm very much into science and scientific skepticism and whenever some dubious esoteric bullshit comes along ( like `` angel energy generators '' or `` water energizers '' ) , 9/10 times it 's from switzerland, 
  i think the refugee crisis is ridiculously overrated and will be forgotten in 6 months time . 
  as long as there is so much vitriol in the comments and everybody is going apeshit about the refugee crisis as if it 's the worst thing in the history since forever , i 'm staying away from r/europe anyway . 
  this place is becoming more and more like r/worldnews and r/politics, 
  many rules regarding customer protection and environment are much stricter in the u.s. -- see the current vw debacle as an example . 
  mostly `` buy american '' - regulations on state and federal levels , certifications , tons of red tape . 
  i 'll probably get downvoted , but i am very optimistic about ttip . 
  i work in a relatively small company and we have a good chance of selling our services in the u.s. too in the future . 
  there is a camp of a few hundred here that opened recently . 
  so far they are well behaved and nobody seems to be bothered . 
  i for one welcome our new mod overlords . 
  europe has becoming quite obnoxious and boring at the same time to be honest . 
  i just do n't care much about the whole refugee crisis shit show . 
  i wan na see more `` buses of europe '' posts and stuff like that . 
  im gon na farm satanic now me jungle brb 20 mins, 
  many americans would have been very happy with a 3rd obama term . 
  i would edit your original post to `` all the chancellors of the spd served for a combined 20 years '' to avoid confusion, 
  how dare you say that . 
  sharia polizei will be after you . 
  now return to your government mandated prayer time . 
  i guess that 's why we used trains back in the day,
