  we drink everything, 
  i was at my job all day and there was no reddit !, 
  it was so extreme that i actually worked on some projects instead of browsing reddit the whole time . 
  there is no need to be hasty . 
  they could used stamped euro notes as a first temporary measure . 
  in any case , i do n't think a grexit will happen . 
  not worth it, 
  i 'm still optimistic . 
  i do n't see how this situation is much different than the other 200 or so times in the past 5 years where greece was supposedly inches away from doom according to the media . 
  i use ing diba as my main bank and stockbroker . 
  they are not the cheapest , by they have a good reputation . 
  most order fees are 0.25 % commission at min 9 euros / max 59 euros . 
  some etfs and other funds are free . 
  i 've heard good things about flatex too . 
  big name stocks , like daimler , siemens , apple . 
  probably going to lose it all in the next recession . 
  beginner 's tip : do n't go to your local bank , they will charge you like crazy for a simple depot ( at least they do in germany ) . 
  online stockbrokers nowadays only charge very small amounts . 
  oh , i 'm also interested in family and household budgets , feel free to share  but i guess most of this subreddit 's demographic is university students and young professionals . 
  that 's not too bad as a student . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  what does national insurance contain ? 
  nhs ? 
  that 's a good question . 
  but it would probably be too complex of an issue to untangle in a reddit post . 
  hey geology is n't boring !, 
  it 's actually even less if i disregard church tax and reunification tax . 
  i could leave church and save another 50 euros or so . 
  800 euros tax on a mid-2000 salary sounds pretty expensive indeed . 
  do you get health care included in that ? 
  i live in bumfuck nowhere , that 's mostly why . 
  aside from the big famous cities ( munich , hamburg , etc. ), 
  rent can be quite cheap in germany . 
  nice , thanks for sharing !, 
  take care not to get burned out . 
  i guess it all depends on perspective . 
  last year i was unemployed and lived on 390 euros of unemployment benefits every month . 
  a few years before that i lived as a university student on even less . 
  at least for germany , once you leave school or university and start working full time as a professional , things change a lot . 
  average salary across the nation is 2150 euros after taxes and insurances . 
  very true , most germans do n't like to talk about their salary at all . 
  thanks !, 
  very interesting . 
  $ 40 health insurance seems cheap , i always hear it is so expensive in america ? 
  no one else ? 
  do n't be shy pls :(, 
  that 's what my grandma always says too yeah i 'm a bit scrawny i guess, 
  a bit of both  but i actually begin to like my job and the job market for geosciences is not that great right now it seems . 
  also compared to other places i think i am quite well off . 
  i am very relaxed and optimistic . 
  i have been reading the same dramatic headlines every month for almost 5 years , so i do n't think it is as bad as some people make it out to be . 
  guess it 's fair if i start . 
  gross income : 2900 euros ( phd . 
  geology , private sector , 40h week ) - 498 euros income tax - 237 euros health insurance ( mandatory ) - 274 euros pension fund ( mandatory ) - 44 euros unemployment insurance ( mandatory ) - 42 euros elderly care insurance ( mandatory ) -- take home pay : 1835 euros -- fixed costs : - 440 euros rent - 70 euros electricity ( incl . 
  warm water ) - 35 euros phone & mobile & internet - 150 euros average food & restaurant ( excl . 
  booze ) -- car : - 48 euros car insurance - 4 euros car tax - 70 euros average monthly petrol costs - 15 euros average monthly upkeep ( repairs , tyres , etc. ), 
  -- rest : 953 euros for fun stuff , booze , holidays or to invest, 
  germany , late 20s, 
   pairs well with pepsi from a bottle you opened yesterday . 
  yum . 
  pepsi ? 
  elitist !, 
  how about the cheap knock-off brand cola from the supermarket , non-refrigerated , witch absolutely no fizz left ? 
  are you single ? 
  what is your favorite sock color ? 
  pre-formed hamburger patties from lidl ( not frozen !, 
  ) , hamburger buns , onions , pickles , cheddar cheese and possibly some bacon . 
  oh , and hamburger sauce . 
  i 'm usually too lazy for lettuce - i would only use like 1 or 2 leaves and i do n't want to waste an entire lettuce for that . 
  i let the buns soak up some of the juices from the pan and then put the on the toaster for some additional crispness . 
  i imagine cartman running through the hallways . 
  `` balkan fight !, 
  balkan fight everybody !, 
  balkan fight ! '', 
  yep , older people here complain about that too all the time , even though every stat shows otherwhise . 
  additionally , around 2004 we saw a huge spike in many global food prices , such as wheat or fruit . 
  this would make any grocery shopping bill more expensive , regardless of currency . 
  the deutschmark was nice , but the common currency created so many jobs ( including probably mine ) that i would never want to go back to the dm . 
  they usually do n't drive on normal roads because it would destroy the roads . 
  this is a ring road made of large concrete slabs specifically built for tanks ( it 's even called `` panzerstra\u00dfe '' ) and it 's often closed for public traffic . 
  * please always use the correct translation !, 
  sometimes i wish the holocaust had actually happened . 
  the `` my grandfather died in auschwitz - he fell from a guard tower '' - joke has been around for decades, 
  is of success ? 
  i do n't think they are , i find them very offensive . 
  my great-grandfather died in one of the concentration camps . 
  he fell from the guard tower while drunk . 
  i had to read that sentence 5 times to make sure you were n't bringing girls over to bang your mom . 
  but only if many w\u00f6rk and not je suis en strike all the time !, 
  to be honest , i just do n't care enough . 
  i clicked on those threads maybe two to three times the past year , never really found anything that would interest me . 
  that looks depressing . 
  i 'm not sure if this would make much of a difference . 
  if your intention is to kill every passenger and crew on board anyway , why not strangle the unsuspecting stewardess sitting on the pilot 's seat while the pilot is on the toilet ? 
  i guess the psychological barrier is a bit higher , but would that be enough ? 
  then ... then we 'll meet in belgium to fight this out !, 
  i hope piers morgan comes as a replacement for jeremy !, 
  looking at crimea , neither are the russians . 
  feel free to post your results  i got 48 on my first try , no idea if this is good or bad . 
  the average score is probably skewed by people taking the quiz multiple times , trying to get 100 % eventually .
