  no , it 's german !, 
  fight me !, 
  * raises fists * but honestly , til there are any border disputes surrounding germany at all . 
  yup . 
  welt.de 's comment section attracts the worst scum of the internet for some reason . 
  i wonder why they do n't shut it down . 
  the numbers mason , what do they mean ? 
  i am quite big ( 1.90 meters ) . 
  does estonia have a hotel for people of my size ? 
  in other words ... can i be tall in tallinn 's tall inn ? 
  estonia should change to a scandinavian cross with eesti colors so they can into nordic too !, 
  sw\u00c4\u00c4\u00c4rje !, 
  i 've always liked switzerland . 
  the food is nice , the people are friendly and the nature is awesome . 
  oh , and the flag is a big plus . 
  i thought his `` german '' had a slight swedish accent . 
  i 'm putting my money on sweden . 
  edit : also , his `` danish '' was really weird . 
  which does n't say anything , since danish is always weird . 
  also quite similar by the same guy - europeans and italians http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzquuokxvq0, 
  as a german who has been to italy a few times , this is 99 % accurate . 
  i would only disagree with the roads thing , nowadays there are lots of protests and `` b\u00fcrgerbegehren '' and lawsuits for every rock that is being moved . 
  maybe even more than in italy . 
  geologist here !, 
  yes , they are !, 
  at about 2.5 centimetres per year . 
  premature death . 
  very nice !, 
  thanks . 
  no more holland !, 
  similar to this cleverly named chinese restaurant . 
  am i a bad european citizen for not really caring about all of these spy stories anymore ? 
  good article . 
  made me think . 
  nevertheless , i 'm a physicist , and the fuzziness of large-scale economics just boggles me , no matter how much i read about it . 
  very nice !, 
  now gib moneys . 
  also , do n't even think about building spacerocket . 
  for those unfamiliar , `` die sendung mit der maus '' ( `` the show with the mouse '' ) is a very popular kid 's and family program that explained how the entire world worked with incredible detail and effort , so that even small children could understand . 
  inbetween they had lots of fun cartoons . 
  thinking back on it , i think a big reason why i ever got interested in science and engineering was because of the maus and i think that goes for a lot of people . 
  here is the show explaining nuclear power and the chernobyl disaster in 1988 . http://youtu.be/bnlwllqovvu?t=1m44s, 
  awesome !, 
  my grandma used to make that stuff too , we call the fruit `` quitten '' and she had a big quittentree in the garden . 
  the raw fruit tastes horrible , but she 'd make awesome jam out of it or little sugary cubes that we would eat for tea time . 
  for some reason , that whole experience died about 15 years ago , do n't know why ( my granny is dead but the tree is still there ) . 
  i thought it was something rather unique to northern germany , 
  no , 1.8 \u00b0 f !, 
  this makes my cold german soul all warm and fuzzy !, 
  please do n't take this the wrong way , but you could have put a little more effort into this post . 
  yup . 
  uk i would guess . 
  good lord . 
  who put in all that time and effort to make thousands of pictures of random corn fields ? 
  it seems so pointless !, 
  ianal , but 2 things i can remember , since this discussion has popped up several times in the past 4 months ... 1 . 
  `` asylum '' is n't just a word to throw around to make moot political talking points , but a well defined legal process . 
  since snowden is not physically in germany , he can not legally apply for asylum . 
  since germany has an extradition treaty with the u.s. , they could simply charge him and germany would have no option but to extradite him . 
  to be honest , he simply does n't appear on the news cycle . 
  which is kind of odd considering that france is probably the third most important country politically and economically in europe . 
  i remember sarkozy being a lot more present in german media . 
  i do n't really have an opinion . 
  is nice !, 
  i like rules . 
  cookies with lots of butter !, 
  norway !, 
  pls join eu . 
  we will give you cookies !, 
  i would love to anschluss you any time , 
  i like !, 
  but the subreddit name sounds like `` you 're all pigs ! '', 
  i improved it slightly to account for the normal german way of talking : - ** da durch !, 
  thank you !, 
  very interesting . 
  i disagree, 
  oh , come on . 
  have a little laugh . 
  for some reason that comment reminded me of reagan telling soviet jokes . 
  this map does n't survive the turin test . 
  just do n't shoot any austrian princes . 
  just give us the german speaking parts and we wo n't anschluss you . 
  berlin if we start from 1940 . 
  well obviously there was no need to monitor her today , she was calling obama anyway . 
  `` roma stole my child ! '', 
  is the new `` dingo ate my baby ! '', 
  one united states of europe now !, 
  ^ ^ ^ under ^ ^ ^ german ^ ^ rule, 
  yay !, 
  now please buy mercedes cars . 
  surprise galactical anschluss, 
  maybe he figured his actions would be less obvious that way since most laws are passed . 
  i do n't think he put any political thought into it at all . 
  well , it 's a bit of a selection bias , considering that this subreddit is frequented by people interested in europe who also speak good english . 
  in my private life , i 've never come across anyone who knew qi . 
  they should have gone for bl\u00f6ff tho !, 
  honestly , stephen fry is probably my favorite person on the entire planet , closely followed by neil degrasse tyson and hans rosling . 
  i will be very saddened if he dies one day . 
  since he is sometimes close to suicide , that date may come much closer than we fear :(, 
  well , unless you understand german it wo n't be much fun .
