  you 're welcome , 
  i highly doubt this has something to do with some petty extradition process, 
  and dirt cheap, 
  no , why would i ? 
  it was a surprisingly big news story in germany as well , at least in the tabloids . 
  according to this , it was even 30-35 \u00b0 c in several places in norway : http://wxug.us/14jmo ( wunderground ) can anyone from norway confirm ? 
  or is this data faulty ? 
  8 mbit for $ 20 / month i am completely fine with that speed . 
  good pings and quick enough for hd streaming . 
  why would i need more ? 
  nope , right now it 's 4.54 / km \u00b2, 
  it 's just pure anarchism in the towns and villages , no mayors at all . 
  norway , pls come eu and gief moniehs !, 
  i think they are just errors from the imaging software, 
  we could invade denmark and be instead winner and host next eurovision song contest in the north german city of copenhagen . 
  germany you are of genius !, 
  fuck reuters !!, 
  fuck them hard !, 
  one guy on the network piped up and blamed politics on germany 's shit performance and everyone here thinks he 's an idiot . 
  if you look at any news article about this in germany the comment section is full of people calling him a dickhead and blaming the shit music instead . 
  also , the song was nowhere near a favorite in any german news media and universally considered mediocre crap . 
  the show was broadcasted here by germany 's main public station ard which every houshold pays a 20 euro fee a month for . 
  i guess that 's why they did n't charge much for calls . 
  update : you are responding to an old comment, 
  germany 's entry for 1979 - dschinghis khan by dschinghis khan . 
  i adore that song . 
  i think so . 
  i just cried a little . 
  georgia is participating anyway , the rest of the u.s. might as well . 
  free hugs for everyone !, 
  and then some war maybe . 
  yup . 
  stefan raab * is * german tv entertainment . 
  everything he touches turns to gold . 
  relevant [ polandball . 
  we 're trying the jewish approach this time . 
  do you happen to have any car factories to sell ? 
  if you hate bland stuff you have to blanda upp !!, 
  hahaha, 
  night night . 
  well at least denmark already has it 's campy tourist ads for next year ready , directed by lars von trier . 
  at least we won that one time  now we can rival france and uk for last places for another decade before stefan raab gets things straight again, 
  hey i spent 14 cent for you guys . 
  i predicted 18th place for germany , not bad * taps on my own shoulder *, 
  we anschlussed them while nobody was paying attention, 
  you 've already won . 
  slovenia not funny, 
  we have good taste yes, 
  lol does n't matter i 'd still bang her, 
  uk completly losing their shit now, 
  the turkish one ? 
  i love it when they wait a few seconds before announcing each point !, 
  the suspense makes it so exciting !, 
  aaawwwkward, 
  commercial time for spain i guess, 
  what will you uk guys do if you hit double digits ? 
  since hitler . 
  it 's a giant euro circlejerk with lots of gay glitter . 
  you guys might get more points if you learned how to pronounce stuff, 
  `` thanks to our nuke '' ?!?!, 
  hello holland looks like you need a little freedom ... 
  i want to have steamy gay sex with sweden now !, 
  i always forget that place is a country . 
  germany has a gay vice chancellor !, 
  and a gay mayor of berlin . 
  germany gay is best gay !, 
  the pride of germany , dschingis khan at the eurovision 1979 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eaeurp2v4ss, 
  lol i have the exact same cup with my name on it !, 
  my mum bought it in sweden when i was about 3 . 
  you are welcome !, 
  i hope the war is forgiven now . 
  i voted for the uk to give you a little boost , 
  yep . 
  also lordi . 
  among the german public generally , no , not at all . 
  among the redditors and youtube-dwellers , maybe -- i love uk stuff like qi or 8 out of 10 cats or graham 's show itself . 
  i do n't even have a telly . 
  yes !, 
  vote now or surprise anschluss . 
  his name is peter urban , he is a well known radio host and a really nice and friendly dude but not particularly witty . 
  as a non-uker i am slightly bummed out i do n't get graham norton commenting the contest . 
  so far , greece gets my vote . 
  fun song , not taking themselves too seriously , great song title . 
  or maybe the gay dubstep vampire for the lulz . 
  confirmed . 
  actually not bad . 
  combine her with the greeks and we have a winner . 
  and free booze . 
  almost as boring as hungary, 
  yay !, 
  fun song . 
  i like this guy !, 
  at least some real passion . 
  is n't icelandic and norwegian close enough to be mutually intelligible ? 
  `` j\u00e4ger lives '' - well , that 's what i 'll have to drink lots of if i want to live through this evening . 
  denmark not bad , but not something i would listen to voluntarily . 
  if this wins , then only because everyone else is so shitty . 
  i want some rock & roll !, 
  like lordi . 
  or old guys with guitars , like the olsen brothers .
