  i have no opinion and very little knowledge of him whatsoever . 
  but i think modern turks are looking too much into the past in that respect . 
  it 's not good to glorify past leaders , even if they were great . 
  always stay in the present . 
  pls gief oil moneys . 
  germany had male-only conscription until 2011 . 
  since then there is no conscription at all , which i think is good . 
  all joking aside , i think it 's perferctly fine to talk about ww2 . 
  especially with germans , since they will know stories from their grandparents and such . 
  i do n't find it rude or awkward at all . 
  but obviously the environment should be the right one -- we had an exchange student from america and literally the first thing he asked my parents was what they thought about hitler . 
  he was 16 , but still . 
  yes , wee need to emphasize this more . 
  it might indeed be mostly foreigners . 
  german dick stronk !, 
  i do it all the time and never have been told off . 
  maybe it 's because i live in a university town . 
  because there never was such a thing . 
  the twenties happened and then we had the fifties with great economy and an awful cold war . 
  there was nothing inbetween . 
  nothing happened . 
  move on . 
  i think you are a bit too harsh . 
  yeah , dutch get very anxious with compliments , so do n't make this mistake . 
  just like our dicks !, 
  am i the odd one out here to really like romania ? 
  we should have another ww some time !, 
  let 's meet in belgium . 
  surprise anschluss, 
  ( sweet semolina casserole with pears and white wine foam ) it 's the best thing on the planet !, 
  i do n't like kofola as well . 
  pls do n't hate me , czech people . 
  i upvoted to counter the downvotes you got from that ill-placed nazi joke . 
  yes you are german !, 
  now give oil moneys into german reich . 
  i also dug holes into polish beaches once !, 
  netherlands . 
  nice beaches to dig holes into . 
  me too !, 
  they are terrible . 
  ** germany ** `` lord of all things '' ( `` herr aller dinge '' ) by andreas eschbach . 
  available in many languages . 
  not sure it fits into this thread , since it is a modern sci-fi novel that has no thematic connections to germany at all . 
  it 's part love story , part robots and aliens , and part philosophy . 
  it 's quite asimovesque and one of my favorite reads of the past few years . 
  it won several awards in germany , including `` best sci-fi novel of 2012 '' and has been released into english just a few months ago . 
  same thing when you try to display the kashmir area on google maps from different domains . 
  well , languages change . 
  if we all start using meese today , soon it will become the new standard !, 
  in germany it varies a lot . 
  could take months in rural areas . 
  they can even return with a nice new car !, 
  edit : my apologies for my badly timed humor . 
  i 'm german , i do n't know how to joke well :(, 
  i actually tried to dig a few holes there , but the beaches are nicer in other countries . 
  plural is meese . 
  i reckon it 's because of skiing, 
   while living in nazi-occupied paris during world war ii , one german officer allegedly asked him , upon seeing a photo of guernica in his apartment , `` did you do that ? '', 
  picasso responded , `` no , you did . '', 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guernica_ ( painting ), 
  well , according to picasso himself , the painting was made by germans ... 
  goddammit i thought we would get away with this forever . 
  let 's not ask the lebos . 
  wow !, 
  this is terrible . 
  let 's cut the crap , i think it 's perfectly fine to link to pb from r/europe . 
  those two subreddits probably have a very high overlap anyway . 
  i get we do n't want people there from r/funny , but a niche subreddit like r/europe should be fine . 
  also , i just sent in my own first pb comic . 
  they do n't seem to like it though . 
  a coin . 
  :d normally you call us sauprei\u00dfn humorless but when we take a little jab at austria you get all uppity . 
  i know a lot of history !, 
  i also know austria was ( and is ) very big !, 
  i once drove from melbourne to perth and it took days . 
  rise ? 
  this is awesome !, 
  but i wish there was a way to paus gifs . 
  you also might want to label the individual gifs in imgur however . 
  sometimes i do n't know what going on . 
  just listen to the dan carlin podcast . 
  it 's the best history podcast around . 
  http://www.dancarlin.com//disp.php/hharchive/show-50---blueprint-for-armageddon-i/first%20world%20war-world%20war%20one-great%20war download to your smartphone and enjoy while riding the train , 
  no christmas presents in northern scandinavia . 
  just cold and sadness . 
  well , as long as they do n't forget to pack [ this tool ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mr6r3yi.jpg ) , they should be fine . 
  german wurst best wurst . 
   now go clean your room . 
   here in finland meat prices are out of control . 
  minced meat is more than 10 $ / kg and raw chicken steaks as high as 13-15 $ . 
  you better not look at this then  http://i.imgur.com/na3b0gz.jpg, 
  i think salt intake is quite underestimated as a factor for poor health when you get older . 
  so having something that prevents you from eating too much salt may not be that bad , 
  i went to croatia on holiday and was quite surprised how expensive normal food is in the supermarket . 
  thanks for answering , everyone !, 
  i found this really interesting . 
  but i forgot myself : ~ 120 euros , about 80 % cooking at home , 20 % student cafeteria . 
  the cafeteria is great and has subsidized prices . 
  i can eat a full meal there for 2 euros . 
  at home , i usually cook simple foods and ( i 'm a little embarrased to admit ) about 50 % ready-made meals .
