  liquorice is very polarising pretty much everywhere . 
  and try getting almost any candy liquorice in estonia - some shops sell all sorts , some sell tiny panda canes and that 's pretty much it . 
  meanwhile , 80km to the north ( actually not even that , you just need to get on a ship and buy from there ) , it 's liquorice bonanza . 
  do n't know why they think nobody will buy anything . 
  it 's actually more or less what you might hope it is . 
  so awesome !, 
  * it wants to kill you . 
  it 's nice , but it 's hardly estonian in nature . 
  besides , he said he did n't like wine . 
  several points . 
  `` the former ussr '' does n't necessarily mean russia . 
  some of them are great current and former friends . 
  i 'm sorry everyone for saying this tired old thing that can easily be misinterpreted , but `` it was n't all bad . '', 
  almost everyone can find something they liked about some earlier time . 
  most of all because you * had * to find the drop of honey in the proverbial jar of tar in order to stay sane . 
  `` even the russians like it '' did n't sound bad then and does n't sound bad now . 
  a people does n't * want * to hate their former enemies ( okay , some people do ) , so anything that feels like it brings people closer together feels ... good . 
  it 's usually good for everyone . 
  national pride is all-encompassing when you 're a tiny nation . 
  even more so when that national pride is officially discouraged . 
  we know quite well what our strengths were in the union . 
  some of it was chance , some of it was accident of geography , some of it was hard work . 
  even aside from all that , it 's been long enough that some people are getting nostalgic . 
  i do n't think that 's necessarily bad , because it 's inevitable . 
  some people were sure as shit nostalgic for stalin , hitler , mussolini and reagan . 
  ( nb : hyperbole may have been used once in this post . ), 
  quite awesome . 
  though perhaps it would have made more sense if they had only `` opened '' that ring and kept the rest `` closed '' ? 
  just to recap : the actual current land exchange does n't irk anyone . 
  it 's all good . 
  the problem is with the post-independence war borders . 
  those were the de jure borders , and nothing was ever signed to the contrary . 
  furthermore , it 's always been the view of both estonia as a legal entity and estonians as a people that the soviet annexation of estonia during and after wwii was illegal . 
  therefore , any border changes could not have been done legally . 
  this in turn means that according to the last legal agreement , estonian borders are those which include parts of current-day russia . 
  again - nobody wants those areas back , and nobody is making overtures towards that . 
  they 're populated solely by russians . 
  but if everyone ignores the treaty which perhaps should still be binding , then the rule of law is subverted . 
  this is bad for everyone 's morale . 
   personnel carriers on the other hand have all the pros of the tank with none of the drawbacks . 
  not necessarily true . 
  for example , the tires of those btrs are a particular weak spot in both this environment ( molotovs and additional turning circle ) and actual combat ( more easily damaged by roadside bombs . ), 
   what ? 
  that `` huge portion of its land '' was n't historically inhabited by ethnic estonians . 
  it was designed to be a buffer-zone against artillery fire . 
  have n't heard or thought about this , but even if it 's true , that * technically * does n't mean that it 's logical to paint the borders on this side of the buffer zone . 
  should n't they have gone though the middle in that case ? 
  not that , yes , anyone would actually want those lands `` back , '' whatever the case may be . 
   estonia is basically giving up a huge portion of its land which was its at the time of first republic . 
  as most people this this subreddit do n't know this , i 'll just state that this is a semi-theoretical point . 
  estonia `` gained '' some territory after the war of independence ( debatable , as the country itself did n't exist up till then ) . 
  these borders were agreed upon in a treaty called the tartu peace treaty , in which the soviets agreed to give up any claims on estonia `` forever '' . 
  well , come wwii , this was conveniently forgotten of course , estonia was annexed , and its borders inside the union ( remember , every soviet republic is a separate entity ) were pushed back . 
  after we regained independence , these new borders remained . 
  since the tartu treaty was never willingly cancelled , and modern russia is the de jure successor of the soviet union , some people ( including me , up to a point ) see this new treaty as at least an insult to our past , maybe even illegal ( not that any court would uphold the latter point . ), 
  a previous version at least mentioned the tartu treaty in passing ( basically cancelling it ) , which would have made it more likely to be accepted by the public . 
  this does n't mean that any current territory is lost , and only crazy people think that we should * actually * get these territories back ( this would be bad for pretty much everyone ) . 
  it 's our little version of national humiliation , which seems to be a necessity in order to be a `` proper '' nation-state . 
  that 's a good point . 
  we 'd have heard the shit out of it if someone had been hit . 
  cameras are always rolling , too . 
  if i 'm mugged on the street , i 'm not going to ponder the childhood , possible mental problems or bad parenting of the assailant . 
  except if you 're attacked . 
  then , yes , the workers , farmers and students actually * do * often ache to fight . 
  currently , yes . 
  it 's supposed to derive from `` taani linn '' ( `` danish town '' ) , but i do n't know if that 's actually true or just a plausible myth . 
  or '' \u00dchendriigid , '' which is just the `` united states . '', 
  precisely . 
  it 's not necessarily derogatory - it 's just that holland is an actual province/region * within * the netherlands . 
  i 'd say it 's more or less the same as the finns calling us viro after the viru province . 
  you 've misunderstood . 
  the fact that countries * stay in debt * does not mean that it does n't repay its * previous * debts . 
  it just takes on new ones . 
  time for a friendly invasion , perhaps . 
  or a sauna battle . 
  oh , that was just when we did n't have telegraph lines yet , but wanted to convey messages quickly . 
  they 'd round up a few hundred thousand people ... 
  how does something like this reach the media and how is she allowed to make statements like this while in prison ? 
  nb : this is not a politically motivated comment , i just do n't understand the mechanism with which she can say things like this publicly . 
  poor guy , he must feel awful : (, 
  estonian here . 
  first two nations do n't count . 
  the last one is typically russian . 
  the version i 've heard has three different challenges though : 1 . 
  drink a bucketful of vodka 2 . 
  wrestle a bear 3 . 
  shag a nun, 
  i thought that was the joke . 
  we do ( literally translated as action police ) , but what makes you say that ? 
  yeah , but that may as well have been fired to deter those two persons who were walking a few meters further . 
  does n't really look as though it was intentional - not that this excuses it . 
  uh , except you can see him limping away afterwards ( gets up at 0:11 ) . 
  since people are stupid enough to grab wild animals to have their pictures taken with them . 
  what a pathetic bunch . 
  three cops against one who is quite , * quite * clearly not armed ? 
  ( anyone about to make a dick joke can go eat one instead . ), 
  what the hell , liechtenstein ? 
  estonia just opened up the market this year , so this does n't reflect the current situation . 
   all products in the shops had two price tags , one in guilders and the other in what it would be in euros . 
  hm , that was mandatory for - iirc - one year leading up to the change and one year after that .
