as i understand it , it 's pretty much the main weather website over here in estonia , even though we obviously have a state weather service ( ilmateenistus.ee ) and several private websites for it . 
  it 's so well known that if you say `` according to \u00fcrno '' , then you can expect people to know what you 're talking about . 
  this happened during a combined police-intelligence covert operation that went wrong . 
  the border patrols were specifically * told to stand down . 
  * it was n't their fault . 
  that 's just a wee bit different . 
  what do you mean ? 
  that he was just some thug ? 
  extremely unlikely , because a ) he has the full backing of the police , the intelligence agency he was from and the government and b ) this was an operation where he actually had backup ( no matter if they ended up being useless ) and the police forces knew that something was up * and they were not to interfere . 
  * it 's not russia who 's making this into a james bond movie , it 's both sides . 
  so it 's probably true . 
  sweden as well , iirc . 
  and how many are building new ones ? 
  i know of finland and i 'd presume that france is doing something ... but anything else ? 
  so should we just shut up then ? 
  ( also : i realise that my original two-sentence comment is n't going to actually accomplish much , but occasionally some frustration simply needs to come out . ), 
  build enough nukes and you can even use electricity for local heating . 
  not to mention cars . 
  yeah , but that does n't mean we should n't do it . 
  and besides - what poland is doing ca n't be a reaction to the current crisis . 
  if there 's already an agreement , it must have taken years to reach . 
  it 's europe 's problem . 
  the world 's , even . 
  but noooo , let 's not build nuke plants , they 're big and scary !, 
  we as a species are really bad at learning lessons , are n't we ? 
   % coal presumably that 's actually oil shale for estonia . 
  which is domestic and cheap , but terrible for the environment . 
  iceland : `` even our volcanoes are fuckin ' chilly ! '', 
   motherfucker wo n't even bother to cite anything i 'll just note that you did n't do that either . 
  additionally , half of your post was a personal attack . 
  i 'm not at all sure which side is right - if any - but you did n't come off much better . 
   simply start to invest more i should n't even start . 
  but are you serious ? 
  think about it for a bit more . 
  1 ) to invest in something , you need money . 
  budgets are usually a tried-and-true affair , so they 'll need to * remove * investments from other things first . 
  2 ) investments , even if they work out , take * time . 
  * on large scales , they take years . 
  3 ) there 's no `` they 'll simply ... '' when talking about economy . 
  the * world * has everything in the world 's immense territory - so what ? 
  i do n't really get what 's going on with the colour schemes these days . 
  yeah , you have these new ones . 
  they 're still keeping a lot of the old ones . 
  then they brought in some new blue ones from spain . 
  and then there are other , very similar blue ones , that are n't actually a part of the same public transportation system . 
   useless what ? 
  why ? 
   how is all of this being viewed in the baltics ? 
  ironically , it seems the mh17 shootdown has * decreased * the short-term threat from russia , as they need to actually be careful with what they 're up to . 
  the sale of the mistrals has always been a sore thumb , as we 're a very obvious target for their use . 
  besides , we have no actual weapons capable of even scratching the ship ( not that i somehow weirdly blame russia for this ) , so it 's somewhat intimidating . 
  though i must say that considering the length of our land border , i do n't see how mistrals would be too important if they attacked us directly . 
  i 'm quite annoyed by the media 's response to the situation though . 
  it 's * extremely * one-sided : everything said by the ukrainian side is taken by face value and basically every single word from the russians and/or separatists is treated as lies . 
  it 's so completely partisan that you 'd think there was some sort of official line to this . 
  but somehow it 's been collectively decided that we already know exactly what has happened , no investigation necessary . 
  i 've not yet seen any compelling evidence from either side about pretty much anything that would shift the blame to the other side . 
  and i say that as an active journalist in a large daily newspaper . 
  or `` brittany , '' just for kicks . 
   it would seem me that if you are in a union with eastern european countries that these carriers can hurt , you should n't sell them . 
  actually , even if vulnerable eastern european countries being in the eu is n't an argument , the same countries being in nato really should be . 
  can you afford maintaining and fuelling it ? 
  not that i necessarily doubt that ukrainian planes are shooting the place up , but those videos do n't have anything in them to connect one scene to another . 
  and there 's not much reason to believe that they are . 
  so * that 's * why it looks like film . 
  and is n't that an ikarus bus ? 
  go to your nearest shop and buy one of several available `` real '' pint-sized cans . 
  it 's certainly a novelty , but that does n't mean it does n't exist . 
  usually , yes , but it 's still clearly an universally understood unit . 
  whereas i think it 's probable that most people would not know how long a yard is , nor would there be any moment or reason to ever reference them . 
  this is ... really untrue . 
  it 's the standard in the uk , and it 's increasingly common even here in estonia ( even though it 's mostly a novelty . ), 
  yes , 0,5 l is * far * more common , but it 's not unused nor unknown . 
  the first and most obvious problem is that the usa is rich while russia is n't . 
  so we 're all british here ? 
  * if i 'm born to estonian parents in finland , does that make me finnish if i 'm made an estonian citizen ? 
  * if i 'm born to estonian parents in finland , does that make me finnish if i 'm made a finnish citizen but live in estonia thereafter ? 
  * who gets to say what my nationality is anyway , if not myself ? 
  is it determined by dna ? 
  skin colour ? 
  getting military bases nearer the west is always a plus . 
   germany that 's ... well , positive thinking i guess . 
   most of them are born in estonia , so this makes them estonians no matter how much they want to be russians . 
  that 's kind of a weird point to make on many levels . 
  the problem is that this will stifle innovation . 
  whereas vendors might have made better connectors eventually , this sort of legislation will remove any sort of incentive towards that . 
  ( edit : by the way , i sort of begrudgingly support this , but then again , things are fine as they currently are . 
  overlegislation is not a very good idea . ), 
  again , what 's wrong with the image ? 
  his discriminatory policies are well known , he plays aggressive policies with pretty much all of his neighbours , he 's quite massively re-started the russian military-industrial complex . 
  he 's created an enormous propaganda machine to serve him personally , he does n't show any sign of leaving politics , he * adores * himself and now he 's annexing neighbours willy-nilly . 
  he 's not started rounding up jews or sending them into camps and we 've yet to see a russian 21st century kristallnacht ( though note that the actual kristallnacht came after anschluss ) . 
  i doubt he 'll go full retard - he does n't seem like the type , being quite smart in an evil sort of way - but he obviously likes power quite a bit and we 've certainly not seen the end of him yet . 
   ukraine will get money from imf and then spend it in a war they ca n't win . 
  what are you basing that on ? 
  if they need help from the imf , it 's going to take a long time . 
  and i do n't think anyone has * attacked * russia in a very , * very * long time . 
  an us carrier fleet in the black sea ? 
  quite . 
  hmm , not necessarily true .
