   this chart is based on a real study ; however , the claim that donald trump has an iq of 156 is not . 
  this rumor has been circulating since at least august 2015 , when an estimation of his possible intelligence appeared in an article published by the web site beforeitsnews.com :  this article is chock-full of logical missteps and factual inaccuracies . 
  donald trump 's official school transcripts are not available , so it is impossible to know his actual scholastic aptitude scores . 
  while the article 's author used wharton 's general admission requirements to estimate trump 's iq , the math still does n't quite add up . 
   according to prepscholar.com , wharton 's sat requirements are currently set at 1500 . 
  this roughly translates to an iq score between 145 and 149 , not 156 . 
  regardless , wharton 's admission requirements are irrelevant , since trump did not enter wharton as a freshman . 
  he transferred there his junior year , and wharton does not list sat scores among its requirements for transfer students . 
   gwenda blair claimed in her 2001 biography about donald trump and his family that the president-elect was admitted to wharton thanks to a friendly admissions officer :  gwenda blair , in her 2001 book `` the trumps , '' said that trump 's grades at fordham were just `` respectable '' and that he got into wharton mainly because he had an interview with an admissions officer who had been a high school classmate of his older brother . 
  and wharton 's admissions team surely knew that trump was from one of new york 's wealthiest families . 
  tl ; dr he got into wharton business school because of his family connections and the study referenced is based on the sat admission requirements of wharton business school -- wich trump never even took . 
  [ i did ] ( http://www.snopes.com/donald-trumps-intelligence-quotient/ ), 
  i 'm 100 % sure that is false . 
  yes . 
  trump flunked . 
  i literally have no idea . 
  i 've only read they met at 15 . 
  that 's it . 
  she is definitely a creep and she got to have some serious mental problems dating someone that young . 
  so he was 16 , not 14 wich you first claimed . 
  we 're getting closer to the truth by every post . 
  and where 's this law you 're referring to ? 
  no , i said they met at 15 . 
  when did they start their relationship ? 
  creep ? 
  yes . 
  they met when he was 15 , and the age of consent in france is 15 . 
  creepy and unethical ? 
  yes . 
  illegal or pedophilia ? 
  of course , but a centrist should attract ** way ** more people in the 2nd round , than a far-right candidate . 
  the only thing that could make her win , is some serious voting apathy , wich is doubt will be the case . 
  these disgusting cult-figures only has a chance if people stay home . 
  this is how a french political scientist put her chances :  `` if she gets 42 % of the vote , which is n't impossible , and macron gets 58 % , normally she loses the election , ''  `` but if 90 % of people who said they would vote for le pen do it , and at the same time only 65 % of people who declared they would vote for macron actually do it , then it 's marine le pen who wins the election with a score of 50.07 % . '', 
  backlash that barely affected his approval rating among his base . 
  it 's completely irrelevant , because they came back right away . 
  one only has to read the transcript from any of his debates . 
  he is inherently incoherent . 
   its owned by the royal family , thats the land they owned before they became monarchs . 
  that did n't answer my question , though . 
  how did they get it ? 
  how was it paid for ? 
   but it wouldnt hold it 's significance . 
  the thing about countries with monarchies is they hold a greater level of significance with their buildings . 
  why would n't it ? 
  it would be a historical building . 
  imagine opening buckingham palace up for the public . 
   buckingham palace is a place currently lived in by a living queen , something only a fraction of countries in the world are able to have . 
  i do n't really get why you believe that is a good thing . 
  most people have done away with these archaic institutions , thankfully . 
   berkley castle ? 
  castle built in 1067 ( before some countries even existed ) and is people are still living there . 
  so what ? 
   i never refuted that , however its another landmark that makes london look like a more favourable destination . 
  by the same logic there 's no point making stuff to attract people in new york because `` we got the statue of liberty , whats the point ? '' . 
  and how many people do you think visits ny for the sole purpose of seeing the statue of liberty ? 
   the crown estate is a piece of land owned by the royal family and is `` loaned '' to the government in exchange for them being the king/queen of the country . 
  how did they get this piece of land to begin with ? 
  did they buy it ? 
  if they did , where did the money come from ? 
   it adds to it , example : i have a friend coming over from the us in a few months and one of the main things he said he wanted to see was landmarks in london . 
  landmarks would exist independent of there being a monarchy . 
  nobody is suggesting bulldozing buckingham palace . 
  there 's other landmarks in london besides buckingham palace also . 
  it 's expensive as fuck . 
   uk royal family pays for themselves many times over source ? 
   this is ignoring the amount of culture , historical significance and tourism they bring to a country . 
  who bases their vacation-plans on whenever a country has a royal family or not ? 
  your line of reasoning is absurd . 
  why should we let a bunch of cousin-fuckers be our representatives by privilege of birth ? 
  just [ look ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/house_of_gl%c3%bccksburg ) at this family . 
  it 's expensive . 
  people should n't inherit titles . 
  i could go on , and on , and on . 
  i live in a constitutional monarchy . 
  fuck the king . 
  like sandor clegane said ; fuck the king . 
  i do n't deny their existence or defend their actions , like you 're doing in regards to the ottoman empire and their numerous genocides . 
  huge difference . 
  i acknowledge their existence and their actions . 
   for the last time , the majority in norway is not atheist . 
  answering that you believe in something spiritual directly contradicts atheism . 
  atheism does not mean the lack of religion , it means the lack of all religion or spiritual tendencies . 
  39 % answered no to the question `` do you believe in god ? 
  '' , while 37 % answer yes . 
  you 're telling me 37 % is greater than 39 % ? 
   is your constitution dictated by the bible ? 
  does norway employ ecclestial law ? 
  are priests members of government ? 
  every western country is completely secular . 
  it is not because one party has the name christian in it , that they are religiously motivated . 
  literally every country in europe has a variant to that , think cdh , csp , cdu , etc. . . are you familiar with the distribution of powers ? 
  that was n't what you just claimed . 
  you said religion has no influence on politics in scandinavia , wich is completely wrong . 
  i did n't make the claim we were a theocracy . 
   yes , you did . 
  no , i wrote and/or . 
  read it again . 
   if you want the majority of the population to be atheist , they should have answered no , i do not believe in anything . 
  they did not ; the majority is not atheist .
