that 's false , bohemia was elected and their ruler died in like a couple of months and they got re-elected after that . 
  allied a bunch of turks and gathered with half of europe to attack france , france is n't hurt a bit , england does n't exist and the great president of lubeck , the single greatest merchant republic in all of europe is now an elector in the holy roman empire . 
  long live our bohemian emperor . 
  great 20 years for lubeck , the single greatest merchant republic in europe . 
  many brave men have died in the danish conquest of the northern british archipelago , but after that 5 year war , our country entered a state of peaceful reconstruction . 
  many forts , marketplaces and shipyards were build , while also helping our great friends in denmark reconstruct their navies and armies . 
  our men also worked very hard on developing the great city of lubeck , which now stands as tall and beautiful as paris and frankfurt . 
  due to that , we managed to uncover the secrets of colonialism from our south-east asian friends and we shall spread this knowledge further with our danish and polish allies , but also with the entire northern german region , which now stands tall as a pillar of stability and friendship . 
  ( besides cologne who tried to annex frankfurt , got eaten and ragequit lol ) . 
  this is the president of lubeck , the single greatest merchant republic in the northern holy roman empire . 
  first off , the great european alliance lasted for about ... 10 days ? 
  most of the alliance , alongside the danish and hte muscovites declared war on our french leader . 
  lubeck took absolutely no part whatsoever , in no shape of form , in this war , because lubeck is peaceful and loyal to the ea . 
  anything else you hear is fake news . 
  after cheeky diplomacy from the french side ( the war leader fucking dc 'd lol ) , europe looked like it was at peace again . 
  well , except the iberian peninsula being conquered by granada and its muslim allies . 
  but we know europe is never at peace . 
  with the help of denmark , lubeck expanded its borders once more , this time on brandenburgian clay . 
  during this war , brandenburg lost most of its provinces to denmark and lubeck , after losing some to poland , now sitting on only 2 . 
  also , hesse has been liberated from its brandenburgian subjugators , only to be conquered by our friends in cologne . 
  with the great muslim invasion against france , what will happen in our turmoil-filled continent ? 
  whose backs will be stabbed again ? 
  can europe stand against the foreign invaders and can europe match the asians in the great colonialism race ? 
  how do you do these maps ? 
  dear brunswick , sorry . 
  - lubeck, 
  \\ #freefrankfurt ? 
  the great merchant republic of lubeck stayed away from the absolute clusterfuck that was the crusade on the austrian-ottoman alliance . 
  we instead focused on helping our neighbors in their own wars , helping brunswick conquer a province from hamburg , and denmark conquer east frisia . 
  for our help and through diplomacy , we received the province of hamburg and we have also secured alliances with denmark , brunswick and brandenburg , ensuring peace between these powers in the northern hre , to the benefit of us all . 
  should note that the save file is in the channel 's pinned messages . 
  as someone who does n't read discord patch notes and was initially confused , the pinned messages button is [ this one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2eoudpi.png ), 
  your majesty !, 
  you will be thrilled to hear that , in your absence , your great kingdom has taken the decision to ally with the merchant republic of lubeck !, 
  i hope your intimidating military force and our financial support will manage to keep foreign invaders at bay and help maintain the well being of the holy roman empire citizens . 
  the great republic of lubeck is pursuing its peaceful ways of increasing income and maintaining the well-being of its citizens . 
  after a swift war against saxe-lauenburg , our republic grew in size , adding lauenburg to its peaceful lands . 
  after securing an alliance with the great kingdom of brandenburg , our republic shall strive to make a better living for all citizens inside and outside it . 
  after some efforts to increase development and trade income , the republic of lubeck will gladly offer financial help to any country that might need it for a good cause , as it is in our best interest to keep the world a peaceful place , where all men can thrive . 
  oh yeah man , the coalition map mode around you was a fucking mess this session . 
  nice !, 
  i 'd like to reserve lubeck , please . 
  exactly . 
  \\  try to help the ottomans for their war against timurids and at the same time stirring chaos into europe \\  conspire against malwa thinking delhi actually wants a victory card and not have malwa have literally all of india \\  turns out delhi is just fine with 5th great power malwa \\  get outplayed diplomatically by fucking * oman * \\  the maharajah of bharat is now dead never try to get involved in europe ever again , or oman will fuck you up . 
  year 1524 , [ map of the world ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4lwygfn.png ) . 
  our old kingdom is now a great empire . 
  from the glory of vijayanagar rises the strong empire of bharat , uniting all dravidian people under one ruler !, 
  ( i will still refer to myself as maharajah because it sounds way cooler ) . 
  the maharajah tried to make some deals this session , caused some weird shit to happen , but in the meanwhile united all of southern india and brought the former nation of pegu under our glorious maharajah . 
  we have also created the single most beautiful province in the world in golconda , which now sits at 43 development . 
  through it , we have brought colonialism to the indian lands . 
  ( which spawned in korea too ) obligatory fuck europe . 
  [ note with compiled rules , map , interesting free nations to play , and discords for all the available players ] ( https://hackmd.io/mwywzg7anabfyfpgcmcmmebybmrgiemaoycjbyae1qfzttnuig== ) ( will keep updated throughout the day ) . 
  also , if you 're in another time zone , be careful with your converters . 
  since europe is currently on summer time , the cet timezone is now called cest , which is the one you should use to avoid inaccurate results in your converters . 
  shit , whoops . 
  year 1499 , [ map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kz2hxmm.png ) of the world . 
  the maharajah of the great kingdom of vijayanagar is ... confused ? 
  our friends in the north turned on each other , with the sultanates of delhi and malwa allying with the timurid horde and destroying the sultanate of jaunpur . 
  but since we are still in good relations with our friends in malwa , both the sultan and the maharajah knowing that tolerance is the way , our kingdom is prospering . 
  we have built a pretty grand fleet , developed our cities with various improvements and buildings , solidified our defensive fort allignment , and sent the first brave men to colonize empty islands around us . 
  what was once the great sultanate of bahmanis is now gone , as is ~ ~ the sultanate of ~ ~ orissa . 
  ceylon and southern india will soon be united under one maharajah , while we all look towards the future , whatever other weird ass shit might happen in that future . 
  europe 's still a shithole . 
  the maharajah of vijayanagar is pleased . 
  got another chunk of bahmanis and i 'm close to uniting southern india . 
  after that , we will be looking to the future of our country , where our maharajah will rule over all the dravidian people . 
  also got great power for a while , but then muscovy embraced renaissance . 
  oh , no , i meant our friends that are expanding . 
  oman is great friend . 
  just did n't realize you already took yemen . 
  this is the maharajah of vijayanagar . 
  europe is comprised of a bunch of uncivilized peasants that fight pointless wars . 
  meanwhile , india is the only region of actual intelligent rulers that fought good wars where everyone actually gained something . 
  bahmanis and bengal are broken , the savage timurid horde has been held back and we are continuously expanding alongside our friends in jaunpur and malwa * ( and oman ) * . 
  india is civilized . 
  i was lubeck and i managed to get 2nd highest income and 9th highest in score as a < 400 dev country . 
  pretty good . 
  as for this session , i managed to hold off a british invasion on my own and participated in the great world meme euro-asian war , which was kinda fun , except the time the filthy asians were pirating my trade node ree [ i made an imgur album of some relevant screenshots i took at the end ] ( http://imgur.com/a/sluzn ), 
  year 1675 , [ map of the world ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7xpl8zc.png ) brought to you by the single most beautiful and wealthiest nation on the face of this earth , lubeck . 
  accumulated money . 
  gave money . 
  accumulated more money . 
  killed some swedish rebels . 
  that 's it , really . 
  [ also 4 million dead men for control over some colonies . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bey7ton1go4 ) . 
  year 1643 , [ map of the world ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nctgydf.png ) . 
  highlight of the session : the great world war ... in which lubeck did not participate . 
  technically . 
  well it kind of did since some prussian and swedish mercenaries were paid with lubeck cash , but . 
  the war pitted together  malaya , france and all his subjects ( including castille and kongo ) , italy , ethiopia , the mughal empire , bukhara and his subjects vs.  netherlands , great britain , sweden , prussia , with polish condottieris . 
  i 've gathered some highlights from the sidelines [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/a/r55ik ) . 
  in the end , malaya 's side stood strong after netherlands ' surrender and took overseas territories . 
  after that , we conquered oldenburg and bremen from hannover , not too much of note there . 
  however , our republic now sits in third place in a ranking of nations with highest incomes , after the mughal and malayan giants , and we can still only go up from here . 
  everyone please rise for lubeck 's [ national anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=texatquvqac ), 
  manchu now open if you want to jump in on a good nation, 
  yes , nevers indeed . 
  * this message has been brought to you by the \\ #notmyemperor movement , step up now to get the british crooks off the holy roman emperor seat .
