  * phenomenal session for l\u00fcbeck , the single absolute greatest merchant republic in the world . 
  after being tired of seeing the crooked dutch merchants pull bags of money out of the l\u00fcbeck 's trade node , our merchants took matters very seriously and issued an embargo on all dutch merchants . 
  none shall make any deals with the dutch in our area , not for gold , not for cloth , not for salt , not for anything . 
  it has been too long since the dutch and their crooked treacherous british friends have been stealing our merchants ' hard earned money in our own cities . 
  then our republic stayed on the neutral side when war started raging out across europe again . 
  when hannover got hesse under a personal union , prussia could not accept that and declared a succession war , where france joined on hannover 's side . 
  europe was scared of france being in a war , but that did not last long . 
  prussia 's armies were already beating the french before sweden joined prussia 's side , which left france beaten , victimized and [ devastated ] ( http://i.imgur.com/exculzw.jpg ) . 
  peace was eventually made , with france losing most of his money and hesse becoming independent , while hannover almost ceased to exist . 
  but then the trade dispute between our republic and the dutch took a violent turn . 
  after seeing that they do not care about our embargo , it was time for the merchants to step aside and let the armies solve the issue . 
  the lubeckian , swedish and austrian armies , to be more precise . 
  peace will eventually be reached , and we hope that will solve most of our trade disputes . 
  overall a great session for the republic , our merchants are happy , our people are happy and we hope we will see more peaceful times in europe after these small disputes will have been resolved . 
  [ map of the world ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wmnx8zv.png ) -- do n't forget to join the fight and stand up to the unrighteous , treacherous , crooked emperor , using ** #notmyemperor ** . 
  absolutely real , all the ministers except the communications minister ( left ) have resigned . 
  to his right are current pm sorin grindeanu and new general secretary and former pm victor ponta . 
  literally the entire government . 
  see top comments for details . 
  this is an absolute shit-show . 
  the opposition has been doing literally nothing so psd has all the leverage that they want to do anything and yet they fuck themselves over . 
  apparently the executive committee of psd ruled that the ministers who do not resign will be excluded from the party and the pm said that if the party leader resigned , he would resign as well . 
  there are also several local leaders that have expressed their support for the pm in spite of the attacks from the central leaders . 
  this is fucking chaos . 
  edit : pm grindeanu : `` i will not resign , because this is the country 's government , not psd 's executive committee 's government . 
  i will only resign if president iohannis says that he will name a member of psd as pm . '', 
  the irish electors are unrepresentative of the empire and an absolute disgrace to democracy !, 
  the emperor is a tyrannical crook !, 
  # \\ #notmyemperor, 
  year 1597 , [ map of the world ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kukjtqj.png ) another peaceful session for our phenomenal merchant republic of lubeck . 
  the holy roman empire is shaking . 
  the old rules stated that only catholic leaders can be elected as emperors , which put the british king on the throne . 
  this `` emperor '' turned out to be a crook , helping forces outside the empire and placing his irish vassal puppets on elector seats . 
  the people of lubeck were absolutely disgusted by this behaviour , and our diplomat was on his way to wien to join the forming protestant league . 
  but as our delegation was on its way , the war had already broken out . 
  troops were marching across our country as we stood by , hoping and supporting our protestant brothers . 
  with the help of sweden , the opposing forces reached peace and gathered in westphalia to declare that any christian man , no matter his denomination , could sit on the empire 's throne or the electoral seats . 
  another war broke out in europe after that , with italy being coalitioned by most of eastern europe to get austria 's core provinces back . 
  but with the swift help of france , the coalition forces were defeated , and austria had to renounce the cores in italian lands . 
  our people hope that with this religious peace signed , the electors can elect an honest man and a man that works for the people of the empire , and not just for his own interests of keeping the throne no matter the cost . 
  this is the holy roman empire , the last remnants of great rome , a glorious union of german people , and yet 3 of the men electing the emperor are english vassals in ireland . 
  absolutely ridiculous !, 
  # \\ #notmyemperor, 
  year is 1569 , [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/i36fzsp.png ) is a map . 
  free nations include : * probably persia if someone wants them ( they 're not in the greatest condition tho ) * tibet if left unclaimed * manchurian colonial nation of kermit * serbia * portugal 's colonial nations . 
  or just join the lobby and check what 's free when we start , really . 
  for more info check the [ discord ] ( https://discordapp.com/invite/europe ) . 
  ask a moderator to give you an eu4 role when you join so you can see the campaign 's channel . 
  stability , prosperity , development and , most importantly , loads of ducats . 
  the phenomenal merchant republic of l\u00fcbeck had a session of peace , with no wars whatsoever . 
  we stood and watched as prussia tried to defend their ally austria against the alliance of italy and our great friend in sweden , but ultimately failed . 
  we have also helped fund buildings and armies of our friends all throughout europe . 
  also anyone who calls me a money launderer is fake news . 
  current year is 1544 , [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/inmystf.png ) is the map . 
  open nations are florence ( in need of a substitute for this week only ) , castille , milan and probably some that i forget . 
  glhf and dont forget to coalition france so he can expand . 
  [ the president of l\u00fcbeck has decided that henceforth , this shall be our republic 's national anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmuyfscgpbe ), 
  there 's a certain merchant republic missing from that graph : thinking :, 
  l\u00fcbeck , the greatest most phenomenal merchant republic in the world , experienced a session that can only be described as prosperous . 
  after taking the lands of former holstein from its undeserving ruler in verden and giving its capital , stade , to our great friends in munster , lubeck focused on helping its allies to the north , west and south , sending troops where needed . 
  one event that amused our now deceased president was when a man from iceland requested a hearing . 
  he said his country was in great danger and he needed 100 ducats to help his people . 
  he asked so nicely that our president reached into the coffer and offered him 300 ducats . 
  the icelandic man 's face lit up with joy as he sailed back to his home . 
  we have received word that his country is doing well now , so we are happy to learn that we have contributed to his cause . 
  other than that , we also spend some ducats to help our northern ally in sweden embrace colonialism . 
  money well spent this session . 
  a prosperous session for l\u00fcbeck , the single most greatest phenomenal merchant republic in the world . 
  after a swift war against saxe-lauenburg , brunswick and denmark , things went uphill for our republic . 
  lauenburg was conquered , brunswick was forced to cede hannover to our great ally in munster and denmark was humiliated and all its money taken by the alliance block of holland-munster-l\u00fcbeck-hesse . 
  after this , europe erupted after the french king succeeded to the english throne , thus creating a personal union between the two countries . 
  castile and their iberian allies in aragon and portugal declared war on france to get the union for themselves , and they were outclassed by the french troops . 
  some of the hre members decided that this was a perfect opportunity to declare a containment and reconquest war against france . 
  the austrian emperor requested troops from our republic , but after our president realized that it was only austria , bohemia and burgundy against the mighty french , he said :  lol no fuck that shit , are y' all fucking insane so l\u00fcbeck stayed neutral in this conflict , which turned out to be the wiser choice , as burgundy was almost fully annexed , along with castille and aragon losing territory to france as well . 
  the holy roman empire went downhill after that , electing hungary as the emperor , but after he joined the heretic protestants the electors instead turned to ... montferrat . 
  the very foundation of the holy roman empire is shaking , and it wo n't be long until religion divides us more ... 
  but l\u00fcbeck is now a prosperous nation , with great allies in hesse , munster , the newly formed netherlands and our great northern friend in sweden . 
  the future is bright for the republic . 
  the most phenomenal merchant republic in the world is finally living up to its potential . 
  l\u00fcbeck is now comprised of 5 provinces in the northern germany region . 
  after a few wars , we stand at a full fleet of trade ships , developing trade ideas and positive prestige . 
  we also had the most power projection in the world at one point . 
  take that , france !, 
  our future is bright . 
  as we train more merchants and start getting prosperity in our provinces , l\u00fcbeck will be the true city of the world 's desire , uniting a great , glorious republic under its democratically elected rulers !, 
  so who 's ready for some fast-walkin ' , shit-talkin ' , stack-wipin ' c o a l i t i o n s o a l i t i o n s, 
  carolus rex with a bunch of pyro and the esc 's scene lightning hnghhhh, 
  slay the rin ? 
  fuck that . 
  as a suggestion , there is only one player nation in india right now ( bahmanis i think ) . 
  might be interesting to go and challenge him over there . 
  slow start ? 
  what 's a slow start ? 
  the absolutely phenomenal republic of l\u00fcbeck has recovered from earlier disasters . 
  having conquered the provinces of wismar and l\u00fcneburg in a common effort with the swedish conquest of pomerania . 
  our republic now watches as our allies grow stronger . 
  sweden controls all of scandinavia , m\u00fcnster is slowly expanding and doing well in stability and frankfurt-hesse is ... certainly doing something , i suppose . 
  but alas , not everything can go well . 
  as milan declared war against the heretical , excommunicated ruler of florence , our republic , as a loyal member of the holy roman empire , joined the effort along most of the imperial nations against florence 's allies in france and northern africa . 
  but that did not bring any form of success , as 5000 lubeckian men died on italian fields and milan was forced to surrender .
