  according to potapov , `` trade liberalization after joining the european union and short distances to paper and timber mills , '' are among the main reasons why estonia and latvia lost forest cover . 
  in contrast to their neighbors , these countries were quickly able to establish a profitable timber market . 
  western russia was far less successful in doing so , but even so the impact of logging as seen on satellite images is astonishing . 
  you can clearly see how systematically the logging industry laid out transport paths and removed parts of the forest , for instance in the archangelsk region . 
  it 's not only logging that has contributed to some of the forest loss in europe and russia : forest fires , often taking place far away from urban areas and out of reach from firefighters , have taken its toll in the region , as well . 
  in 2010 , more than 100,000 hectares of forest were destroyed by catastrophic blights in russia -- and global warming could make the problem even worse . 
  `` the catastrophic fires of 2010 showed what may happen if extreme fire weather is coupled with the lack of fire suppression and poor forest management , '' potapov said . 
  `` surprisingly , even the frequency of major wind damage events also increased significantly from 1990s to 2012 . '' ', 
  your state flag is awesome . 
  if you read the article , they get the land permanently , free , at the end of five years as long as it 's being used for a legal purpose . 
  i suppose so . 
  i also know nothing about farming , so i have no idea if it 's enough . 
  ... did you mean meters ? 
  because a hectare is not that big . 
  is one hectare enough land to live off of in that environment ? 
  i 'm assuming they 've done research , but that seems a bit small . 
  actually , many people think that palin hurt mccain in the general election . 
  that map covers all of the former ussr red , yes . 
  [ they can adopt in the us , too . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_adoption_in_the_united_states ), 
  i assume that one grey spot is mount athos ? 
  damn . 
  i just looked at the heat map , and y' all are hotter up there than we are in fucking texas right now . 
  at least as far as the icj is concerned , yes , [ you can declare independence unilaterally ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_court_of_justice_advisory_opinion_on_kosovo%27s_declaration_of_independence ) . 
  yeah , no . 
  the state attorney general can whine and moan all they want , but this is out of their hands now . 
  probably because english gets in bed with anything that so much as looks at it . 
  and , for those who ca n't get around the paywall : `` charlemagne : a walk down solidarity street the migration crisis will test one of europe 's dearest values . 
  engagement , governance , stakeholder : the european union is awash with abstract nouns that defy attempts to tether them to reality . 
  until recently `` solidarity '' fell into this category . 
  at best it was deployed as code by politicians seeking money or other goodies from their peers . 
  greece 's increasingly baroque attempts to secure debt relief from its creditors , for example , are often shrouded in calls for solidarity . 
  but deaths on one 's doorstep can concentrate minds . 
  last month , after over 800 migrants had drowned in the mediterranean , the european commission issued proposals to deal with the crisis . 
  at their heart were two controversial suggestions : first , the relocation of 40,000 eritrean and syrian asylum-seekers arriving in italy and greece , which have been flooded with arrivals , across other eu countries ; and second , the resettlement inside the eu of 20,000 refugees now outside its borders . 
  under both plans a `` distribution key '' allocates precise quotas of people to eu countries , taking into account population , gdp , unemployment and previous resettlement efforts . 
  crucially , the commission wants the relocation plan to be mandatory ( by eu law , the resettlement proposal must be voluntary ) . 
  this is solidarity in stark , arithmetical form -- and for many it is too much . 
  the numbers are small compared with the hordes that reach european shores . 
  over 100,000 have made the mediterranean crossing this year alone , according to the international organisation for migration . 
  millions more refugees languish in turkey , jordan and lebanon . 
  but their political impact is huge , particularly in countries with little experience of asylum-seekers . 
  matti maasikas , estonia 's ambassador to the eu , says the row over relocation is the biggest eu-related debate in his country since it joined the club in 2004 . 
  estonia , which would have to accept 738 asylum-seekers , is among several central and east european countries with reservations about an obligatory relocation scheme . 
  it is largely thanks to their opposition that the commission 's plan , which needs majority approval , is tottering , despite backing from germany , france and italy . 
  discussions of it could now dominate a summit of eu leaders on june 25th-26th . 
  nobody thinks the relocation work itself can begin until september at the earliest , which means that the italians and greeks will have to cope with the busy summer months alone . 
  to sugar the pill the commission has recruited another abstract noun : responsibility . 
  this week dimitris avramopoulos , the ( greek ) migration commissioner , is writing to interior ministers urging them to raise the eu 's dismally low rate of return for failed asylum-seekers , which last year stood at just 39 % ( with wide variation from country to country ) . 
  the relocation proposal will be suspended if italy and greece do not start processing asylum-seekers properly , instead of just pushing them into other eu countries . 
  such moves , the commission hopes , will signal to eastern countries that the southerners must also raise their game , and reassure sceptical voters worried by an influx of newcomers . 
  officials point out that the relocation and resettlement proposals are part of a larger package , including an effort to intercept smugglers ' vessels . 
  mercifully , another element , the expansion of naval search-and-rescue operations , seems to be working : last weekend over 5,700 would-be migrants were rescued at sea and taken to italy . 
  but they must all be processed , increasing the burden on the italians and greeks . 
  perversely , the absence of migrant tragedies from the headlines could also reduce pressure on governments to act . 
  one eurocrat notes that it is harder to get `` shows of leadership '' when memories of emergencies fade . 
  the proposal is a huge gamble , and an unusually aggressive move for a commission that dislikes picking battles . 
  in part it reflects the frustration of jean-claude juncker , the commission 's president , with the `` voluntary solidarity '' failures of the past . 
  previous tragedies have generated ambitious words but little action -- or worse , calls to restore frontier controls between eu countries . 
  but as sceptical diplomats point out , telling countries that they must accept certain numbers of migrants rubs up against the strongest tenets of national sovereignty . 
  eagle-eyed readers will detect parallels with other european debates . 
  condemned as heartless dictators of austerity , politicians from euro-zone countries like germany speak of the multi-billion-euro solidarity they have shown the countries they have bailed out . 
  a minister from one mediterranean country suggests that easterners hesitating over the relocation plan should bear in mind the solidarity of the southerners in signing up to sanctions on russia , to their own material disadvantage . 
  `` everybody speaks about solidarity , '' says another eurocrat . 
  `` but they all have their own dictionary . '' that is to be expected in a club of 28 members . 
  a bigger worry is that the debate quickly turns myopic . 
  europe 's hard-won solidarity on russia , which governments are likely to maintain by extending their toughest sanctions until at least january 2016 , is fine as far as it goes , but little has been done to aid ukraine , the victim of russian aggression . 
  eu leaders will not even offer kiev a vague hint that one day ukraine might be allowed to join the eu . 
  on greece , as the endless bail-out talks approach their conclusion , solidarity is revealed as a tedious tug-of-war over such details as the vat rate on theatre tickets . 
  and on migration , inevitably , the risk is that the relocation squabble distracts from two far more serious issues : the human tragedies that drove europe to act in the first place , and the violence and poverty that force so many migrants to risk their lives for a better future abroad . 
  like charity , solidarity begins at home , but that is not where it should end . '', 
  i would if i walked at 30 + kph, 
  why is that ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  have a source for that ? 
  i 've never heard of that restriction before . 
  also , bear in mind that a good bit of the `` german '' , especially in the north-east , is actually [ pennsilfaanisch deitsch ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pennsylvania_german_language ) . 
  it 's not needed . 
  in fact , the only foreign language that 's reliably useful in the us is spanish . 
  that said , i still think it 's a shame that german faded away here . 
  it never hurts to know another language , plus i now have tons of old letters and documents from my great-grandfather that i ca n't read ( until my german is good enough , and assuming i can get past the [ kurrent ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kurrent ) . ), 
  as it is , the only german that my grandfather passed down was `` verdammte katze ! '', 
  which only goes so far ... 
  speak : - english want to learn : - german - vietnamese - icelandic, 
  the far-right really is n't any better . 
   it 's like defining americans by what texans say . 
  we 're not all gun-toting lunatics ... 
  do it . 
  if they 're anything like the related american brands of wingnuts , probably that it is n't around . 
  most of it boils down to mental gymnastics arriving at the conclusion that the law does n't apply to them . 
  there are plenty of nato/eu targets in the map posted , so i doubt it 's that . 
  that 's the one . 
  definitely not happy about how either of our countries have handled it . 
  outside of the british indian ocean territory , i 'd accept that . 
   over 70 years ago we 're not quite at the 70th anniversary of the independence of india , much less your asian and african colonies . 
  the british empire ended , but certainly more recently than early 1947 . 
  ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/934/664/417.jpg ), 
  sometimes * not * having historical baggage is a good thing . 
  it was n't . 
  it 's not just salt , and the desalinization capacity needed would be incredible .
