well , anything from my country wo n't exactly be relevant to a european thread . 
  from a european country , definitely the [ reichstag ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c7/reichstag_building_berlin_view_from_west_before_sunset.jpg ) . 
  no , berlusconi was far funnier/worse . 
  well , italy gave the pope his * own * country , so they may have dodged that bullet . 
  the problem is that when they leave , they 're leaving to join organizations responsible for some fairly horrific crimes . 
  yes , they left ( for now ) , but by simply waving them goodbye , you 're enabling them to go kill innocents . 
  i 'm not sure i 'd call 45 % of the voters voting to * secede from the country * a comfortable margin . 
  on the other hand , the uk did generally handle the issue properly , which was good for everyone . 
  good luck , and thanks for the posts you 've made !, 
   i 'd like to apologize for my english . 
  your english is nearly indistinguishable from a native speaker 's . 
  only thing that jump out at me is that `` protesters who 's been participated in 2012 rallies '' should just be `` protesters who participated in 2012 rallies '' . 
  correction : [ mount scenery ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mount_scenery ) is the highest point in the netherlands , and has been since 2010 . 
  prior to that , it was the highest point in the kingdom of the netherlands . 
  [ liebe ist ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lohcpzkeqmu ) - nena, 
  get a globe and a string . 
  hold one end on beijing , and stretch the other to various parts of europe . 
  the shortest routes pass over russia . 
  diverting them is time-consuming and very expensive . 
  * roll , not role , in that case . 
  foot , meet bullet . 
  bullet , meet foot . 
  what secularizing does the irish constitution need ? 
  `` oh , that is all well and good , but , voice or no voice , the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders . 
  that is easy . 
  all you have to do is tell them they are being attacked , and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger . '', 
  - hermann g\u00f6ring, 
  he got what he wanted and hung you out to dry . 
  as someone who is totally unfamiliar with any of this , what are these children 's homes that people are mentioning ? 
  what happened to cause such a tragedy ? 
  sounds about right , yes . 
  i like that idea . 
  this is a bit of a stretch , but do you think that the general lack of gender in the finnish language has influenced society at all ? 
  really ? 
  it 's certainly not that way in the environment i live in . 
  we certainly do have those , and many more . 
  but at the end of the day , none of those groups have ( at present ) the political or social pull of either of the two spanish groups i brought up , though they do deserve mention . 
  that 's certainly a narrow way to look at it , and you could very well make an argument that those groups could make the us more diverse than spain by virtue of numbers , rather than individual size . 
  yes , spain would definitely seem to outdo the us in that regard . 
  i do n't think we have anything like the basques or catalans here . 
  usually what i see is people arguing that someone else is ignoring the diversity in one entirely . 
  both sides of the pond become guilty of that fairly often . 
  i 'd definitely say europe is more diverse than the us , but i might also argue that the us is as diverse or more than many individual european countries . 
  i think it 's a pointless dispute ; `` i am more diverse than you '' is a monumentally stupid argument to get into . 
  i 'm also fairly certain that however lax the restrictions are , they are still there . 
  technically . 
  a lot of it may be geography . 
  if i 'm a refugee looking to settle , or an extremist in the middle east looking to recruit , europe is far more appealing than the americas , almost entirely because of the land borders . 
  no transoceanic flights with the associated background checks and screening . 
  * yes , i am entirely aware that europe does n't just let anyone in . 
  i 'm saying border hopping is a lot easier without an ocean in the way . 
  you 're probably right , and i would n't be upset if the naming restrictions do come through . 
  it 's not a great situation either way . 
  the un was designed to keep peace , and the only way it can do that is by making the world 's most powerful nations feel that they have more to gain by staying than leaving . 
  a situation like now is the major failing of that idea , though there is still not a solution . 
  i think what would really be the only practical long-term response is greater european military integration , without the american leadership that has proven such a double-edged sword for nato . 
  the american government wo n't defend anything from russia unless it 's spelled out letter for letter , and i think it 's better for all of europe to defend its neighbors , not rely on a force a continent away . 
  yeah , i see that now . 
  just a curiosity , i guess . 
  entirely irrelevant , but i never knew some countries called belarus `` white russia '' . 
  i hope you can , or at least cause such a shortage that we must reconsider . 
  the practice is barbaric . 
  thank you for the translation . 
  reddit hugged , it seems . 
  ok , thank you . 
  looks like i should just go brush up on my cyrillic alphabet , then . 
  this past fall , i actually worked on a group project in my university class about the soviet project to put cosmonauts on the moon . 
  this being america , we really do n't hear much about any of them except gagarin , and certainly not about korolev . 
  * korolev was really a genius , and i truly think he could have landed people on the moon if he had lived to do so . 
  both men died too young , especially gagarin . 
  * if i recall , is n't korolyov a more phonetically accurate translation ? 
  the pole does n't care much about poland , he just wants to see russia trampled four times over . 
  i thought reich = realm , and kaiserreich = empire ? 
  perfectly accurate . 
  the baltics got a [ kickass song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwfi8kkzm5g ) out of it , too . 
   to see the expression of those who actually fought nazis . 
  some of them are still around . 
  not many , though , and not for much longer ... 
  ' `` the end of the soviet union had far-reaching effects all over the world . 
  even today , researchers continue to discover new ways by which the fall of communism shaped not only global society and politics -- but even european forests , as it turns out . 
  `` i personally was quite surprised with our results on forest dynamics , '' peter potapov , a professor at the university of maryland , admitted . 
  potapov has carefully analyzed forest cover changes in eastern europe and western russia over the last 27 years . 
  his results are striking : the transition from communism to a liberal market economy has left clear traces that can be seen on satellite images . 
  in most eastern european countries , forests have expanded overall . 
  potapov 's research shows how the end of the soviet union literally made the world more green -- but at a substantial human cost . 
  how unemployment made forests grow one of the reasons for the fall of the soviet union was its economic struggles . 
  following the breakup , the former soviet states ' economies declined even further . 
  efficient western european and american companies suddenly entered into competition with neglected eastern european enterprises . 
  it only took several months for most of those companies to go bankrupt . 
  especially hard-hit were farmers who had few other options than moving into urban areas . 
  `` reduction of agriculture area affected most of the region , but was especially severe in areas where farming was marginally profitable , '' potapov concluded . 
  due to warfare , villages were abandoned two years after the berlin wall had fallen , war broke out in the balkans which lasted for a decade . 
  tens of thousands of people were killed with massacres carried out that continue to haunt the region until today . 
  `` in addition to the severe human toll , the effects of the war are also still clearly visible in the physical landscape and economy , '' university of colorado 's john o\u2019loughlin and frank w. witmer observed in a paper . 
  near srebrenica , a town where 8,000 muslim bosnians were killed in a massacre in 1995 , forests have expanded and taken over abandoned cropland . 
  `` in addition to destroyed equipment and transportation infrastructure , the widespread placement of landmines also inhibited cultivation of land and has continued to deter residents from returning , '' witmer and o\u2019loughlin explained . 
  some of those areas look eerie when viewed from the ground . 
  google earth has captured some of the abandoned relics of war , for instance the village of bu\u010dje in croatia which housed a terrifying internment camp during the war . 
  today , only the walls of the village 's houses are still standing -- whereas trees have taken over the rest . 
  some countries did lose forests , but they were in the minority three nations , macedonia , estonia and latvia lost forest cover between 1985 and 2012 .
