because the title card before the report proper claims that it is left-leaning . 
  zdf is one of the * state broadcasters * . 
  it 's not left-leaning . 
  the map maker must be english , czech oder maltese . 
  name checks out . 
  not since the seventies, 
  that does n't matter . 
  people who buy luxuries while starving need psychological help . 
  everyone else is best helped with money . 
  we own missiles ? 
  iirc germany never officially confirmed the loss of k\u00f6nigsberg , only the border to poland . 
  why would they spy on organizations they are part of anyway ? 
  other eu and nato members , sure . 
  by plane ? 
  i 'd expect the cemeteries to be located in the outskirts and suburbs , not in the middle of manhattan . 
  and maybe practices vary across the country . 
  of course , you have a lot more space for that . 
   if no family member is present at the exhumation , the bones are dug up , dissolved in chemicals and the remnants placed in a common burial plot . 
  cremation is a `` violation of the human body '' but this is n't ? 
  i wonder if they have merkel beer and hollande wine in russia . 
  so what ? 
  paywalled . 
  not in all of them . 
  did you know that men have rights too ? 
   womens seats are offered already in austria and germany for long distance travel for at least a decade . 
  where ? 
  i 've never seen one . 
  as a feudalist , thank you for supporting my cause . 
  she still needs the states to agree . 
  the other parties would * never * spy on the people , of course . 
   the complaints over isds are hypocritical and/or scaremongering . 
  who is both cricizing and using isds ? 
  can confirm , we think all eastern europeans are retards that kill themselves in polish death camps . 
  get off the internet and go hunting and gathering like humans are supposed to . 
  you could use a dildo . 
   civil vs criminal . 
  irrelevant . 
  if you 're punished , it does n't make a difference whether the money goes to the state or someone else . 
  no , he was charged for slander . 
  joking is legal in germany . 
  if you do n't give grants to successful companies , you - have to make up rules when a company is successful enough not to receive grants anymore - punish companies for their success . 
  with or without umlaut , nobody uses that . 
  you think you have won , do n't you ? 
  but i 'm * am allernettesten * . 
  the uk wants to leave ? 
  we 'll make our own then !, 
  not one that looks like churchill 's home . 
  you know , central europe does not end at the oder . 
  beggars take resources ( money ) from other people . 
  hitchhikers use the resources that are being used anyway ( half-empty cars ) more efficiently , without taking anything away from anyone . 
  these are entirely different things . 
  it 's not like you 'd be forced to pick them up . 
  you completely missed the point . 
  why ? 
  i 'm more concerned that people may see him as representative of all hitchhikers . 
  politician : `` my opponent is stupid . '', 
  it 's almost winter . 
  all european countries agree that russia is not allowed to invade the eu . 
  they also agree that the eu should not invade russia . 
  yes . 
  many politicians supported it in public . 
   eating with fork and knife is a matter of personal taste ( if you like doing it wrong ) . 
  or of too hot pizza, 
  you are now the most disgusting person in this thread . 
  quite possibly . 
  on the other hand , we can be pretty sure that europeans are n't . 
  all of them . 
   the legislature you 're envisioning i 'm not doing that . 
  i just want the negotiations to be public . 
  so what ? 
  the same principles apply . 
  i 'm not going to explain the basics of representative democracy to you . 
  by elected representatives ( aka the government ) , just as they are today . 
  but in public . 
  you are right . 
  democracy requires putting hundreds of millions of people in one room so it is impossible . 
  if negotiations are not secret , then they are ______ . 
   all trade deals are negotiated this way that does not make it acceptable . 
   if trade deals were negotiated in public none would get done if parliament would negotiate in public , nothing would get done . 
  there is a finite number of people who would be able to build a non-profit search engine . 
  since making a modern search engine is quite hard , that number is low . 
  all of these people have other interests and a finite amount of time . 
  a non-profit search engine is possible , it 's just that no one of sufficient skill has gotten around to build one yet . 
  ireland can into nordic ? 
   which means per capita it does n't need to have that many people there i 'm not sure what you were trying to say but what you actually said sounds quite stupid . 
  i do n't think you understand what micro-management is . 
   because it does n't , it means it ca n't . 
  this is why progress is not possible . 
  everything that is possible has already been done . 
  good thing we have n't exhausted the search space yet . 
  capitalism leads to accumulation of wealth which the capitalists then use to push for this kind of nonsense . 
  no , i said that it does not make a difference here . 
  stop making things up . 
  not important , actually , because freedom of opinion is also a thing . 
  there are valid reasons for that , certainly more valid ones than `` mooslims are scary !! '', 
  last time i checked , islam was a religion . 
  i 'm afraid i can not answer your question because i do not support any `` absolutist '' ideologies . 
   no you dont !, 
  you are an anarchist til  what is the point of supporting an absolutist ideology that goes against freedom in the name of freedom ??? 
  you tell me .
