  understand what ? 
  what makes you think so ? 
   one man ? 
  he could have killed hundreds for all we know . 
  yeah , sure . 
  that happens . 
  not all criminals have the same motives , of course . 
  who cares ? 
  saudi arabia should not be our role model . 
  the judge had the choice of maybe ruining one man 's life ( the priest who was murdered ) and definitely ruining another 's ( by locking him up ) . 
  giving him the benefit of the doubt is simply the right thing to do . 
  these criminals still want to improve their life -- by replacing it with the afterlife . 
  i do n't think terrorists are any different from other criminals . 
  they decided against a lawful life because they were incapable of leading it , at least not while being happy . 
  rehabilitation teaches them that . 
  there are surely terrorists that we can not rehabilitate yet , but again : the same is true for other criminals . 
  or he is a civilised person who does not think prison is for revenge . 
   states are created via a constitutional process . 
  since the eu does n't have a constitution , it 's not a state-like entity and therefore can not have any citizens . 
  that 's one way of getting rid of the uk . 
  nonsense . 
  of course the eu has a constitution which is commonly referred to as `` the treaties '' . 
  if anything , the economies suffer due to russian warmongering . 
   poor switzerland does not compute . 
  nobody would believe them . 
  yes , even the australians confuse themselves with austria . 
  people 's bicycles !, 
   west germany was . 
  of course we are talking about the frg . 
   germany struggled after the reunification up until around 2005 when the reforms really took effect and germany rose once again . 
  correlation is not causation . 
  anyway , having to rebuild the east is a temporary state so it can not be used to justify permanent changes to policies . 
  so basically , she wants to mint euro coins labeled `` franc '' . 
  note to self : make sure that my bomb looks like a phone , not like a breast pump . 
   the only [ ... ] lunatic in this race is le pen . 
  at least you recognize that she is a lunatic . 
   the rich are too mobile for wealth taxes and higher income taxes to work . 
  that problem can be solved by taxing all citizens , regardless of where they live . 
  taxes paid to other countries should be credited though . 
   telegram seems to be secure , but they do n't fully disclose the server-side code . 
  relying on the server ( i.e. 
  someone else 's computer ) for security is foolish anyway . 
   and would really like my government to fuck off and let me decide where i want to store my data myself . 
  due to network effects , an individual can not decide what social network to use . 
   and facebook will comply , and give them a copy of the europeans ' data from european servers . 
  and that 's the end of their presence in europe . 
  how is the eu more neoliberal than its member states ? 
   the courts are in a lot of cases way to forgiving , and they should even give out more prison sentences for first-convicts since some people just need distinct boundaries . 
  those people reoffend , then they get their prison sentence . 
   he calls himself an alt-lefter . 
  these guys are the worst . 
  signed , a member of the ctrl-left . 
  that would at least be consistent . 
  switzerland does just fine without a single native language . 
  on most sites , there are n't any preferences to set . 
   you have to pay the people that works in it and the servers in some way ... 
  yes , that 's how it should work . 
  of course all these things have to be paid for . 
  [ wrong . 
  ] ( http://arstechnica.com/security/2016/03/big-name-sites-hit-by-rash-of-malicious-ads-spreading-crypto-ransomware/ ), 
  * valid * reason . 
  advertising is simply a waste of resources . 
  it does not benefit the customer . 
   ... can you spot the point where it says `` pay off debt '' ? 
  never . 
  there is simply no reason to . 
  debt is not a problem as long as you can service it . 
  the only reason smartphones have a common charger is because the eu threatened to create an enforceable standard . 
  the market did not help there . 
   but that is not the only way to use cookies what would you use cookies for that does not involve remembering things about the user ? 
  even if it something benign like the user 's preferred colour scheme rather than tracking . 
   and a website can remember things about you even without using cookies . 
  i never said it ca n't . 
  that is fine as long as the user consents . 
  but `` not leaving the site '' does not constitute consent . 
  website optimizations also do n't require tracking the user across websites , which google analytics does . 
   i once made a super simple page for a law firm that used no cookies at all ( did n't even have facebook share or w/e ) , they demanded to add the warning anyway `` just in case '' . 
  that is not the fault of the eu . 
  `` this car has a camera inside . 
  the manufacturer will use it to spy on you . '', 
  people ignore those messages because they tell them something they already know . 
  i do n't think everyone is aware that internet advertising is a security and privacy risk . 
  so what ? 
   they are the things making it so you wo n't get logged out of sites as soon as you close the window for example . 
  those cookies never required a warning . 
  a cookie means that the website remembers something about you . 
  which most websites have no valid reason too . 
  websites have to use html . 
  they do not have to use tracking cookies . 
  except you ca n't choose your social network or messenger , you have to use what everyone else uses . 
  the `` free market '' does not work in industries with network effects . 
  well , you ca n't say `` we wo n't talk before the negotiations begin '' and then talk before the negotiations begin . 
  not every change is progress . 
   the solution today would of course be to boost wages , consumption and investment in germany , both in the educational system as well as the infrastructures . 
  unfortunately this is being implemented too slowly . 
  how is this being implemented at all ? 
  the is has many names , but `` the netherlands and belgium '' is n't one of them . 
  yes , it was actually the buddhist reichsadler . 
  not for short words like this one . 
  blast !,
