  my evil plan to take apart switzerland is foiled . 
   not unilaterally , since a change in the number of cantons is a federal matter , and would require a federal vote . 
  what if the seceding canton left behind a 1m ^ 2 token canton ? 
  you ca n't argue against the solution to a problem by restating the problem . 
  either that or he is just grossly underpaid . 
   okay so votes against independence must have more power over votes for independence because of ... ? 
  because it 's the status quo . 
  imagine support for independence fluctuates around 50 % . 
  without a bias for the status quo , you 'd have to leave and re-join spain all the time . 
  [ direkt link ] ( http://www.vox.com/2015/7/21/8974435/switzerland-work-life-balance ) without that pocket bullshit . 
  some people dislike muslims `` because they kill people '' . 
  other people dislike serial murderers `` because they kill people '' . 
  clearly , the explanations for the dislike are identical and both stances are equally reasonable . 
   you 'd also might be interested in the fact that not all of the brown people form asia and africa are arabs . 
  when you generalise them like that it makes you sound a little bit racist . 
  sorry , i 'm not an expert on who * exactly * the alt-right irrationally hates . 
  because disliking nationalist idiots is exactly the same thing as disliking arabs . 
   i am a scientist  [ ... ] proved without any doubts [ ... ] you must be a pretty bad scientist . 
  the turks are responsible for their country . 
  we can not replace erdogan , only they can . 
  of course a nation can not `` deserve '' to be punished , but there is no way to target only erdogan or his supporters . 
   your your have you been taking drugs ? 
   but the vast majority of content is about germany . 
  not really . 
  about half the content in / r/de is there not because it 's about germany , but because it 's in german . 
  it makes little sense for germans , austrians and swiss to talk about trump , the eu or pizza separately . 
  / r/austria seems to be almost entirely about austrian politics . 
  sure , rhetorics and charisma are useful for an individual politician . 
  but it is not at all a bad thing if our politicians are less charismatic across the board . 
   correct - to a certain degree . 
  politics still contains a bit of `` show element '' , politicians put themselves up for a vote and need to `` captivate '' the electorate . 
  and that 's a bad thing . 
  we do n't need politicians that are good at captivating the electorate , we need politicians that are good at governing the country . 
  this ability is what we should judge them by , not by their charisma . 
  responsibility is a different issue . 
  i 'm not so sure about that . 
  the spd in its current state has little to do with social democracy , replacing gabriel by another neoliberal wo n't fix that . 
  what it needs is a few years of opposition , until it realizes that being the spd is pointless without the s. with gabriel at the helm , the spd wo n't get votes . 
  that 's good because it does not deserve them . 
   `` growing up in a very very white city , i had no idea the struggles black women face and how often they were persecuted for their hair . '', 
  i 'm no expert on racism , but are n't you supposed to persecute them for their skin colour instead ? 
   fairly secret plan to turn the eec/eu into an irreversible federation . 
  that 's supposed to be a secret ? 
  but why would these countries make a free trade deal with a country that is poorer than them ? 
  they will have to speak liechtensteinian instead . 
  i 've heard it sounds similar to belgian . 
  europe is a continent in the same way that britain is an island . 
  yes , thankfully . 
  of course , a system in which our wise politicians can * mostly * ignore the opinions of the moronic masses is better than one in which the moronic masses get to decide anything . 
  but still , a system that does away with the interference of the moronic masses would be vastly superior as it would allow our politicians to govern even more wisely . 
  this should be obvious to every thinking person . 
  if you disagree , you 're a moron and probably part of the so-called `` electorate '' . 
   french nuclear deterrence is not tied in nato and actually is the fondation of the french independance . 
  i did n't know the bundeswehr is that scary . 
  sadly , we still have elections . 
  we should get rid of them so that our wise politicians can govern without interference by morons like us . 
  are you the smartest person in the world , whose opinion defines the truth ? 
  did n't think so . 
  are you perhaps the souvereign , the entire people ? 
  not likely . 
  the quality of a system of government does not depend on whether you would like the outcome . 
  you got it wrong . 
  the morons are those who disagree with * me * , not those who disagree with * you * . 
  because , you know , that 's how being a moron works in the first place . 
  yes , that 's exactly what he said :  we should n't listen to the electorate . 
  thank you for reminding me that conservatives tend to oppose democracy . 
  it looks like a theme park . 
  it resembles itself , so it resembles a library . 
  sure . 
  but if iceland has an easier time holding referendums than other countries it 's because it 's rich , not because it 's small . 
   8 million people , so not really big . 
  that does not matter . 
  in a country with 40 million people , elections might be 5 times as expensive , but there are also 5 times as many people to pay for them . 
  but can you get a new ballot without being observed ? 
   you can vote as many times as you want online , with only the last vote being counted ( so if someone coerces you , you can just vote again later when they are n't around ) . 
  that means it is possible to link a vote to the person who cast it ( otherwise you could not revoke the outdated vote ) . 
  you do n't have secret elections . 
   except holding a referendum in a small country like iceland is cheaper by several magnitudes compared to holding a referendum in a multi million people country . 
  a larger country has several magnitudes more money so it evens out . 
   gold ( au ) which is 99.999 % pure is defined as having a total of less than 10 parts per million of the following elements : ag , al , as , bi , cr , cu , fe , in , mg , mn , ni , pb , pd , pt , sn , si , ti , zn and zr . 
  brb , making a 99.999 % pure gold coin made of nacl . 
  berlin is just a large village in the middle of nowhere . 
  you should be seeing a doctor . 
  in ww1 , we invaded france to defend against russia . 
  might as well stop by in poland on the way to the netherlands . 
   what then makes one language `` european '' and another not ? 
  being spoken in europe . 
  i 've never heard of `` european '' as a separate linguistic term . 
  i do n't consider annoying me good service . 
  caring about spelling does not make you a grammar nazi , it makes you an orthography fascist . 
  ( sorry for being a semantics tankie ) . 
  canada uses the short scale only because it 's bilingual [ ^ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/long_and_short_scales#cite_note-80 ) . 
  the share of people who speak south african english here is neglible . 
  everyone knows what a billion is . 
  what you are doing is useless nitpicking . 
  where on [ this map ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:escalas_corta_y_larga.svg ) is an english-speaking country that uses the long scale ? 
  we are obviously using modern english here . 
  if had never been conceived , i obviously would neither have read your comment nor would i care . 
  same for abortion . 
   we only ever voted to join a market , not a superstate .
