  no , i 'm supporting the liberal ideology that * includes * freedom of religion , freedom of women , freedom of speech and freedom of expression . 
  muslims ( who are not an ideology , by the way ) just happen to benefit from these freedoms just as anyone else . 
   who are muslims to talk about human rights ? 
  many of them are quite fond of them . 
   should you leave europe ? 
  you probabily should , if you are not willing to integrate with western custums such as not wearing medieval clothing that diminish women . 
  so because i 'm not christian i necessarily like wearing medieval clothes , diminishing women , and should emigrate ? 
  i ca n't quite follow your logic . 
   if you are a freedom lover , you should focus on the lack of freedom of expression and human rights in most muslim countries before you move to europe . 
  i 'm born here , and i 'm quite busy defending freedom of expression and human rights against people like you . 
  my comparison was only intended to show that `` it is not needed '' is a poor argument . 
   thats america , not europe . 
  you are confused . 
  america does not have a monopoly on human rights . 
   europe has always been christian . 
  well , i 'm not . 
  should i leave now ? 
  freedom of religion and freedom of expression are part of european culture . 
  dont like it ? 
  you are 100 % free to leave . 
  you must be doing a splendid job if people still choose to live on the streets . 
  people would stare at you . 
  that 's all . 
   the end result would mostly be the same . 
  and since our constitutional judges are not morons , they would strike down the ban anyway . 
  it 's not forbidden but you get fined anyway . 
  that does n't really count , 
   most western societies have bans on things that `` dont infringe someone else 's rights '' like drinking under certain age , showing symbols of white supremacy like swasticas , public nudity , etc. 
  no one protests against that , or if they do protest , it served them nothing , state law prevailed . 
  bad laws are not a reason to enact more bad laws . 
   it infringes womens rights , it 's a piece of clothing . 
   and infringes the rights of non muslim men who do not want to co-exist everyday with women from other culture and you infringe my right not to coexist with racists . 
  no wait , neither of these `` rights '' actually exists . 
  looks like you will have to endure muslims and i will have to endure you . 
   they also represent a security threat . 
  how ? 
   its only going to start a war if people want to start a war . 
  stop starting a war then . 
  it is * only * about protests . 
  it 's not , and it 's not intended as a general ban . 
  source , please . 
  except that these laws do n't exist . 
   freedom is not equal to `` i do everything i want '' . 
  yes , it is . 
  unless you infringe on someone else 's rights . 
  which wearing a burqa does not . 
   nudity in public is forbidden in most countries . 
  are you going to protest against that as well ? 
  of course . 
  these services are not working perfectly which is why homelessness still exists . 
  banning it would accomplish nothing . 
  moving the homeless out of sight would just make us forget that there is a problem . 
   yet this thread is full of people who are willing to sacrifice their values to accomodate the regressive what do you think my values are ? 
  i 'm afraid being naked in public is illegal here ( though it should not be ) . 
  hats are not needed , you do not need to hide your head . 
  jewelry is not needed , it does n't even cover anything . 
  clothes are not needed , it 's warm outside . 
  they 're a cultural thing . 
  our `` rules '' include this obscure concept called `` freedom '' , including the freedom to choose your own clothes . 
  homeless people do not belong in a free , social society . 
  we should ban homeless people . 
  first they have to find a right that burkas infringe . 
  banning genital mutilation protects the child 's right to physical integrity . 
  banning clothes protects nothing . 
  that does n't mean that she has no influence . 
  no , it 's because french culture just is not compatible with western civilization . 
  `` nation of peace '' , my ass . 
  * am i doing this racism thing right ? 
  technically yes , but ethnicity is almost never relevant . 
  or do you believe values and culture are inherited by dna ? 
   the finnish justice system will find a way . 
  you could have just answered `` no '' . 
  but that has nothing to do with their ethnicity . 
   there 's more to being a frenchman than just a piece of paper . 
  none of which has anything to do with ethnicity . 
  why ? 
  still , it 's much easier not to lose wealth than to make it in the first place . 
   i do n't doubt there are foreigners who can assimilate perfectly which shows that french is not an ethnic group , because you ca n't change your ethnicity . 
  legal , maybe , but not legitimate . 
  this should be the top comment . 
  because no true frenchman can be a muslim . 
  frenchmen are * white * ^ / s, 
  he actually said , `` ah !, 
  i do n't know what an `` agebar '' is though . 
  this is extremely unlikely . 
  also in that case my opinion should be ignored because i 'd probably be emotionally compromised and incapable of rational thought . 
   ah ok , if it 's only ten then , its ok , right ? 
  so you are betting the life of 10 innocent people against the odd chance , that the killer magically changed his mind ? 
  `` me nice now , me promise ! '', 
  i 'm sure the court , respectively psychologists that it employs , have * somewhat * more sophisticated methods than this . 
   that 's ok for you , yes ? 
  as long as it doesnt affect anyone you know , mh ? 
  ye , thats what i thought . 
  i have the same chance if being affected by a terrorist attack as anyone else -- practically zero . 
  terrorism is a non-issue . 
  please tell me when one single man killed hundreds of people . 
  sure , he could have killed hundreds . 
  thousands even !, 
  millions !, 
  realistically , most wannabe murderers struggle to kill ten , if they have any success at all .
