  i agree . 
  i 'm a nationalist in the sense that i want all nations of the world to have their own country , not that my country is neccessarily better than others , but that it is distinct and something worth preserving, 
  i agree . 
  we do take our security for granted, 
  you do n't think the iran deal and restored relations with cuba are anything to speak of ? 
  denmark and iceland , though the language barrier is a clear issue when it comes to iceland . 
  through the power of fish , geothermal energy and danish alcohol prices , we will conquer the world, 
  god will personally see it through that no one can stump the trump, 
  now that is very specific in terms of obscure folk music, 
  where is this song from ? 
  the mari do have a fairly impressive pop music scene https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hstacgvonlw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryonigqjm-q, 
  it 's a karma conspiracy, 
  not really food , but i 've really taken to use the russian tradition of snacking on sunflower seeds, 
  i do love me some czech beer, 
  in that regard i guess, 
  nothing wrong with hunting some ptarmigans in the fall tbh, 
  some of them did https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzbckhxnxvc, 
  is n't that just another anecdotal statement though ? 
  look at afghanistan though . 
  not only is the most powerful military on earth fighting there , but several of its allies . 
  the taliban is still there , drones , apaches or not, 
  are n't fully automatic guns permitted in select cantons ? 
  most of these people are probably not only of norwegian descent though , which broadens the definition, 
  it makes them shallow , urban, 
  it 's easy to say `` eye for an eye makes the whole world blind '' when you 're the one who 's poked out the other guy 's eye, 
  sidf in maximum damage control mode itt, 
  we have a tv show about americans who are of norwegian descent , and it really makes you realize what americanization does to someone, 
  yeah i know , that 's what i meant . 
  it 's not so much about ethnicity as it is about that protestant heritage , as the nordic countries are built up of germanics and finno-ugrics , and that 's something i appreciate . 
  no , of course not , though protestant heritage definitively is a part of it . 
  i 'd say it 's more focused on the conquests of the swedish and danish kingdoms in the post-viking age, 
  i suppose . 
  i do understand how your flag is a proper national symbol , particularly when you consider its use during the collapse of the soviet union . 
  you might be nordic yet , eesti, 
  it 's not about the christianity , it 's about the nordic-ness also , why are you replying to an almost two-week old post ? 
  the soviets were n't at war with germany during the winter war, 
  this is my problem . 
  i 'm a nationalist , but that does n't mean i think norway is better than other countries/nations . 
  it does however mean that i believe my country is unique , separate from other countries/nations , and should be preserved, 
  i do n't actually think they have nukes , but you know how trigger-happy our american friends are when it comes to disturbing their petrodollar reign, 
  kind of off-topic question , but what cars did greece make ? 
  i doubt the same people complaining about muslims in europe are the ones supporting missionaries elsewhere . 
  religious people on the homefront seem to be more accepting of immigration than anyone else tbqh, 
  and then it 's going to be revealed that iran actually did make nukes and a subsequent us invasion is justified, 
  czech republic , i love your beer , guns and castles . 
  also , you 're western when it comes to hdi finland , i thank you for sauna and the culture that comes with it . 
  nothing quite like being in the middle of the woods far from civilization , having a beer , listening to some dancing band music and throwing some mets\u00e4 scent on the stone . 
  also , best neighbor hands down sweden , thank you for volvo laplanders and vikingarna, 
  the big deal here is that it is within the eu , so i really do n't think it 's personal in this case, 
  doubt it , seeing as they voted to stay in the uk . 
  lost a lot of respect for scots and scotland that day, 
  the thing is the tricolor . 
  australia and new zealand have flag referendum , do that yourself , get a nordic cross and you 're in the super secret club, 
  i can always appreciate countries that are into ski jumping, 
  [ this chocolate commercial ] ( http://youtu.be/gdijsg8_mfa ) . 
  it 's not so much about the product it 's selling , but the excellent summary it is of our outdoors , hiking and cabin culture that we have here in norway that is probably my favorite part of being norwegian . 
  banter master of / r/europe tbqh, 
  i 've always admired the collective turkish smugness and ability to generate butthurt in neighboring countries . 
  you 're a testament to your nation tbqh, 
  we annex beer, 
  downright genocidal with the brits lately, 
  can we just accept georgia into the eu/schengen/nato already ? 
  [ never forget , certainly never forgib ] ( http://i.imgur.com/utybhup.jpg ), 
  turks have my condolences , a lot of people , especially on the internet , do n't care about turkish lives at all , but i do . 
  hopefully this will make erdogan reconsider his rather passive stance on isis at least, 
  the situation in yugoslavia was n't as black and white as the americans would have us believe . 
  serbs have my respect for standing up to the usa . 
  here 's to many more anniversaries . 
  maybe it 's a good idea to emigrate to a v4 country if western leaders do n't get their shit together fertile slovakia awaits, 
  because israel is a legitimate threat to isis . 
  israel would be able to deal with isis if they had to due to familiarity with guerilla tactics and proximity, 
  i ca n't tell if you 're joking or just american tbh, 
  how about you fuck off back to making america a worse place , do n't drag us down with you, 
  i hope we 're exempt from this , we have strict enough gun laws as it is, 
  quality banter, 
  stockholm syndrome is probably too strong for this though, 
  destruction , death , only partial internatonal recognition , bad economy , which resulted in the current exodus from kosovo, 
  then it came at a cost, 
  well , when you do something , there 's no guarantee for things to become much better or worse . 
  i think this is where they went wrong , they expected the war to either completely destroy them or to be a total victory , but it was neither, 
  not neccessarily, 
  in a political sense . 
  yeah might be that too , but people are abandoning kosovo because the war did n't pay off for them , it 's not that great of a `` country '' to live in , and so they blame their natural enemies for the mediocre state kosovo is in . 
  they probably believe in the irredentism behind kosovo , but may value stable living conditions on par with the rest of europe more than they value greater albania, 
  they need someone to blame other than themselves, 
  because they realized a war that tore the society apart was n't worth it . 
  `` greater '' country visions are generally not a good idea to execute , that goes for both sides, 
  # 1 in everything that matters . 
  do n't come here though , we 're full, 
  georgia is european tbqh . 
  eu and nato membership when ? 
  when the russians are dealt with ? 
  finland is our best neighbor tbh, 
  tfw # 1 on both, 
  i do n't think your government should have the ability to tell you if you can or ca n't leave , but i think other countries shall have the ability to deny entry to people who have left their home country because they thought they did n't get enough money there, 
  do you really think that should be a right ? 
  the us were the ones who supplied radical islamists with weapons to fight the ebil gommunisds though, 
  we did hit a few targets in libya several years ago , though nothing in syria or iraq, 
  what will you do when your child asks : why did n't you invest in eastern latvia ? 
  sure , just delegitimize political views by calling them ` memes ' if it makes you feel better,
