kirkenes , norway : it has two cheap-alcohol border crossings nearby, 
  bulgaria is tired of being `` green russia '' i guess, 
  well i doubt that , the nukes were only moved there , they did n't make new ones, 
  they had probably planned this before the sanctions tho, 
  cons of not being in eu : never included on these lists pros of not being in eu : economic stability kind of a difficult desicion indeed, 
  what can i say , it gets lonely up here in the north . 
  but that does n't matter , because reindeer are better than people, 
  we exist too you know , southerners, 
  i love living in a yellow area . 
  except for the lack of subway sandwiches . 
  man , i love greece . 
  been to crete twice and cephalonia once . 
  amazing country, 
  harryhandling 2 . 
  harryhandling 3 . 
  i 'm not only a sami , my last name is german . 
  and norway kind of is `` me '' , you know, 
  s\u00f8ta bror da, 
  sweden , finland , denmark are brothers . 
  germany is fatherland, 
  finland . 
  i go there on an almost weekly basis . 
  other than that , my ancestral homeland of germany, 
  how could i just make that assumption, 
  jesus that 's amazing, 
  norwegian , english , sami . 
  in that order, 
  that 's europe allright , where the open borders exist only for cheap alcohol trade, 
  finns who do n't live in the cities usually spend most of their days chopping wood . 
  i know a few finns who does just that, 
  its only like that in the south , it snows too much on the ice here, 
  you know thats right, 
  well fellow sauna-using brothers , there is only one thing we * can * do : chop wood . 
  lots of it . 
  then rename it / r/europe , i think we have a deal, 
  alcohol prices go like norway  finland  estonia, 
  probably whitest country on earf, 
  i also live next to russia , but the russians always come to stockpile cheap western goods, 
  getting that sweet oil dolla, 
  not yet . 
  until russia comes over to `` our side '' i do n't want anything like that, 
  just took a time-out, 
  [ saana ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lqsjx0q.jpg ) is the most majestic mountain in finland tho , i 've gone past it several times, 
  they better not get that viili, 
  the finnish `` highland '' near kilpisj\u00e4rvi is the most beautiful place i ever saw in finland, 
  yeah , those mountains are beautiful, 
  69 degrees north, 
  rip mein sweet, 
  norway here , most favorite is obviously sweden and least favorite is obviously russia . 
  i love russia tho because i can go get cheap alcohol there, 
  finally, 
  i live right next to finland , the place to visit is obviously the alko, 
  it 's better than [ this ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/original/70780121.jpg ), 
  yeah , the area west of the ural river is european, 
  eu 4th reich, 
  i think most norwegians supported countries like brazil , argentina , germany and the netherlands . 
  i personally supported america until it lost , and from then on i supported germany, 
  nothing stands in the way of blitzkrieg football not now not ever its the black red and g o l d yeahhh, 
  still plenty of oil left in europe , do n't think the north sea will be running out of oil any time soon . 
  other than that , if we count the caucasus as europe the baku oil fields are still there, 
  people get butthurt when you diss their team . 
  and not just playful butthurt either , they go mad, 
  yep , we should n't mix prejudice against a political figure and musicians, 
  just like civ, 
  no , it 's because he said that any resolution will do, 
  [ any place in winter i guess ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ctmjpox.jpg ), 
  it means `` they need us to buy cheap diapers and shrimps , but they probably prefer land '', 
  saudis in audis tho, 
  the moon, 
  [ this is how you look russian ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hlau4j3.png ), 
  only eastern europeans can drink that much, 
  though, 
  yeah , no . 
  we got through cuba , we 'll get through this, 
  i do n't think its russia itself we should be afraid of , but putin . 
  he 's unpredictable and might do rash desicions, 
  i live in norway and due to our border with russia i wish we had us troops here, 
  [ obvs the best swedish song ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eenmmdk_kdc ), 
  they do n't really have a choice . 
  their people are too few and spread out to ever form a coherent nation . 
  catalans however , are plentiful, 
  because i 'm all for separate , independent nation-states, 
  hopefully they choose to be independent unlike a certain other royal lapdog, 
  nice . 
  hopefully this will follow in most other major cities, 
  100 % central european, 
  it was a joke , meant in the same fashion as `` thanks obama '' . 
  did n't know brits were so sensitive, 
  thanks britain, 
  is red ed kill ? 
  oh yeah , this one 's a total classic , it 's like the first joke you learn : a dane , a swede , and a norwegian are betting on who can stay inside the pighouse the longest first up was the swede . 
  but then the pig farted , and the swede ran out while pinching his nose . 
  then it was the dane 's turn . 
  he held out for a little while , but then the pig farted , and he came running out . 
  finally it was the norwegians ' turn . 
  he went in and sat down . 
  then he farted so the walls shook . 
  and then * the pig * came running out ... 
  definitively not as funny as it used to be though, 
  i was there when i was 13 , and i remember my mom telling me to call the people catalan and not spanish , i guess she was right,
