  tell 'em irish, 
  switzerland : nature , high standard of living , guns , not in eu, 
  i lost all respect for scotland when they voted to stay in the uk tbh, 
  in that they both fight assad yeah . 
  but in the end their goals are not the same, 
  i 'm focused on personal freedom and enviromental issues , and for most official institutions being state-run . 
  i 'm for refugees fleeing war , against economic migrants `` fleeing '' poverty . 
  so probably a european liberal , as in not the bastardized american meaning . 
  more center than anything else i guess, 
  assad/russia vs. free syrian army/kurds vs. isis i think, 
  i figured . 
  seems like russia has put those plans on hold though, 
  a western nation that should join both eu and nato, 
  once they get their border problems sorted out , i 'd want georgia in both nato and the eu, 
  army is a bunch of girl scouts compared to the marines, 
  they are only semi-automatic though , not `` real '' ak 's, 
  not defending extremists here , but you do realize people can still see your comments even though they 're downvoted ? 
  it 's not like downvoting is silencing the opposition, 
  well , i like that we became independent from sweden, 
  what about erdogan ? 
  not proud of him ? 
  i for one support estonia to join our glorious empire , i 'll vouch for you, 
  `` proper cross '' it 's centered like some god-forsaken catholic , and you are and always will be our true enemy, 
  gorbatchev hoarded norwegian mack beer before the collapse of the soviet union , never forget, 
  1 . are the poles , known for their skills with practical jobs , generally less criminal than the lithuanians ( gibs car batteries back , we 'll give your babies back ) 2 . are swedes , waiters/waitresses , generally non-criminal despite stealing our jerrbs 3 . are the sami , the native people of northern norway , though most now live in oslo . 
  people have varying ( controversial ) opinions about them, 
  when are the volga germans coming back from tajikistan ? 
  exactly, 
  well , trolls is an obvious one . 
  draugen is another , originally the spirit of any living thing , later basically just the traditional boogeyman , often connected to bodies of water , and it inspired the video game skyrim 's draugr . 
  i really want to study in italy , but i 'm still checking all my options, 
  yeah , i am . 
  we 've managed to not sell our oil to foreign corporations , we do n't have completely open borders like sweden , and we 've always been on the right side, 
  would red ed have allowed porn ? 
  wish more people here would feel the same way , but they do n't . 
  all for that sweet sweet royalty gossip, 
  i listen to [ this song ] ( http://youtu.be/i3euca_r464 ) each year on this date . 
  really moving, 
  why did n't you invest in eastern poland, 
  well , you are a part the holy trinity of ex-communists along with estonia and slovenia, 
  well , it 's not their fault , it 's stalin 's, 
  but america is last in the 98-category , that means you 're duuumm murrricans, 
  estonia : the florida of europe, 
  no , it was only obama and it said `` bars '' in cyrillic, 
  those were some insightful answers , i 'm impressed, 
  i 've been to russia , and they actually had a poster of obama by the side of the road with some cyrillic writing i could n't make out at the time and lots of grafitti, 
  can confirm , liked south italy better than spain, 
  armenia wow, 
  they did n't learn from soviets and let a georgian rule their country, 
  feel like georgia should join too , if they can sort out their border problems, 
  i do feel like it 's too much of an opposite to the system we 've built , but i do think we can coexist , separately , in our own different nation states, 
  everyone 's just a big happy ~ ~ german ~ ~ eu family, 
  everyone 's just a big happy ~ ~ german ~ ~ eu family, 
  now now , he 's german , not british or hungarian, 
  switzerlands gun laws, 
  trianon 2 when, 
  it 's all relative, 
  you know that 's right, 
  have to agree tbh , but it 's like choosing what 's less shit really, 
  well , i am using the oil money for a trip to italy next week . 
  close enough ? 
  well i certainly am , it 's fucking freezing here right now, 
  that 's the spirit, 
  [ the smug turks in this thread ] ( http://i.imgur.com/l3nkzzb.png ), 
  top bants m8s, 
  imagine that , if not for the bolshevik revolution , istanbul and all the straits down to the aegean would be russian , for some time at least, 
  the first letter from the four countries with the lowest score ( uk , france , austria , germany ) spells out u f a g , and the joke is that putin does n't like gays so he sent a message for conchita, 
  i liked how the bottom 4 countries ' first letters spelled out u f a g , probably a message from putin, 
  he 's probably shot by now, 
  maybe for the 100 year anniversary, 
  it does n't have to kill someone , just discourage people from trying to kill you . 
  so should everything that can be misused by lone crazy people be banned for the rest of the law-abiding society ? 
  they are n't gon na follow the laws , and there will always be crazies . 
  as for the low gun crime levels , i believe it 's because europe has homogenous societies with few poor people that are generally taken well care of . 
  besides , look at america , gun deaths are mostly done with illegal guns in gang shootouts , and suicides . 
  while europe has generally high suicide rates , we have few gangs , so i do n't really think it would be a problem . 
  if cc ` ing was the norm , they 'd just be carried everywhere , including summer camps, 
  there were n't only children there, 
  i can see it already ... 
  both croatia and serbia against liberland they get rowdy over who actually owns it someone invades war russia supports serbia against evil nato-backed croatia global thermonuclear war like 1914 all over again, 
  yeah , breivik killed 77 people with a gun in a place where guns laws are pretty strict , but that might have been stopped if people regularly cc 'd guns, 
  wish us in the west would have military parades too, 
  yeah , but america has one in space , and space telescopes win, 
  gerard butler to be hired as diplomat ? 
  she knows the art of sik bantz, 
  came for the politics stayed for the sik bantz huh, 
  idealistic students are the ones who support left-wing politics in the west , and it 's been like that for a long time . 
  especially from 1968 onwards, 
  guns , missing hands , waffles , bad roads, 
  i 'm a nationalist , not in the sense that i think that norway is somehow superior to other countries , but in the sense that i believe it is unique and something to be preserved , just like all other nations in the world, 
  not [ this ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzx1zl_svti ), 
  [ from a classic norwegian film . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efhyev9g_pg ), 
  completely understandable , i do not want to be a part of the eu in its current state either nato also , seeing all the mistakes done in its name, 
  i for one welcome our new russian overlords, 
  very true my friend oh well , hopefully other very finnish situations will present themselves in the future when you ** will ** have access to a sauna, 
  shame, 
  beautiful , now celebrate with a friday night sauna session and some karhu, 
  i for one welcome our new serbian overlords,
