  if you have n't received this basic bit of education then keep your racist shit in until you get home and then let the walls have it . 
  also this is a non-issue as cnn did n't actually release anything . 
  nor will they since he 's not some public personality and , from the little i know , it 's illegal to do so without his consent . 
  you wrote that huge text wall to regurgitate the same old tired and shallow viewpoint . 
  this is n't some random asshole . 
  this is a guy advocating genocide ( no not instructing or putting into action but still ) . 
  the only reason why this particular racist instead of all the other losers out there ? 
  because your baby of a president posted his shit on the nation 's official president account . 
  that 's how basic he is . 
  this gif prolly was available from someone who is n't a total sleezebag but yeah ... 
  cnn might be those things you said , but did n't do anything and , unlike fox , contacted him first before doing something harsh and also ilegal . 
  on mobile and ca n't edit :, 
  to further my above point ... cnn did n't actually release any info and contacted him first . 
  however , fox is n't as professional and did :, 
  in short , save your fake outrage for someone who actually did something illegal and was n't punished for it . 
  just a little copy/paste from a different discussion on this topic . 
  would be nice if someone posted this separately . 
  you mean exactly like fox did right fucking there ?!, 
  and how cnn said they would do , but ultimately held back and did n't do ? 
  typical . 
  would n't expect anything less from a trumpster . 
  here you go buddy :, 
  like mine for instance ? 
  check it out . 
  also , take your tin foil hat off . 
  you look like a damn fool . 
  welp , did n't think my brain cells could die off so fast from reading a reddit post . 
  oh well , guess i 'm retarded now . 
  how about them sjws though ? 
  right ?!, 
  we ca n't let the sjws get away with this !!!, 
  we just ca n't !!!, 
  this degenerate , vapid , soulless new age society !!!, 
  i knew pjw was right , we are being numbed onto the path of our own destruction !!!, 
  it 's white genocide people !!, 
  wake up !!, 
  also , since i mentioned that sleazy wacko 's name here 's a shameless plug to a fav . 
  vid of mine on the subject : https://youtu.be/ynmta1gfjxu, 
  you | < - -  | reality, 
  `` i hate their guts . '', 
  it 's ... it 's ... beautiful . 
  unless they chose to be gay . 
  then fuck their choice , right ? 
  quit spouting your gobshite . 
  was it in transport or just collapsed from the side of the road ? 
  with our playstyle , we get the two confused at times , heh . 
  far from me to defend vettel , but the typical reddit circlejerk for this verstappen upstart is hilarious . 
  but did you know ? 
  paris is officully 99.9 % muslim !!!, 
  lul , you shit for brains moron . 
  not french , you unwashed sister-humping hick . 
  will do . 
  how 's little cleatus ? 
  he got yer sister 's bloodshot meth eyes ? 
  of course it 's not . 
  it 's not like reuters is reporting it . 
  you know what is a smoking gun though ? 
  a pizzeria with a child sex ring in it s basement that it , somehow , does n't have . 
  hillary designating hits for her political enemies . 
  obama 's birth certificate . 
  which he supplied but republicans ca n't read so that 's no use , lol . 
  shoulda used a coloring book . 
  obama created isis ... not republican superstar bush who dislodged saddam . 
  obama 's wife is a man ... 
  liberals are communist double agents . 
  guess they 're not going to be talking about the things you listed . 
  but hey , some loser on twitter flinging poop in everyone 's faces with some lunatic right-wing braindead conspiracy is 101 % more credible than one of the world 's leading news companies . 
  yup , yes siree . 
  edit : lul , jimmies have been rustled . 
  you copy pasted that ginormous bullshit and it 's still ... a blatant fucking lie in the context that ass-clown presidunce put it . 
  you wasted all that time to spin it and trump is still caught lying like a toddler in front of adults . 
  bravo !, 
  are these just saved loadouts or did you make a group to place down in editor ? 
  perfectly alright to arm the shit out of saudi arabia though . 
  yes , made during obama 's term , trump had an option to dismiss it i believe . 
  all the brown nosing to saudis does n't look like `` just business either . 
  the guy who is in power since 2001 ? 
  do you understand the things you need to do to stay in power that long ? 
  do you ? 
  next thing you 'll tell me is that he 's a legitimate leader . 
  ~ ~ edit : love how you sneakishly added that bit about your grandparents after you saw my comment . 
  must have slipped your mind initially . ~ ~, 
  like the msm sold you the 2003 invasion of iraq ? 
  wait , no , that was your republican buddy bush who lied to an entire nation . 
  beat it you dirtbag , nobody 's buying your shit . 
  ~ ~ the usaf dropped leaflets in all `` viable '' towns for nuclear bombing warning them that `` normal '' air/naval bombing would start soon . ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ there were no leaflets at hiroshima , nagasaki and another one which i forget its name . 
  the town which was avoided by one of the nuke bombers at the last moment due to bad weather . ~ ~, 
  i am in no way saying that the japanese were saints . 
  everyone should know about bataan , nanjing or unit 731 by now . 
  edit : i was wrong . 
  they dropped normal warnings that said conventional raids will occur at those towns . 
  which makes sense because you could not warn them about these bombs as they were known to be fragile and flak bursts could damage the fission mechanism . 
  also , should one fail to detonate and would fall into enemy hands ... no bueno . 
  corrected . 
  replied to one of you other `` contributions '' on this thread and got mixed up . 
  maaaan , such a nicer and more thoughtful approach to it now that you say it this way . 
  now , for laughs , just imagine obama is still president and was doing this . 
  `` aaaaaa , this damn terrorist state sponsor !, 
  not with my damn taxes you do n't , you damn kenyan ! '',
