  am i missing something ? 
  ... and you left out pretty much ... 90 % of the rest which is pretty damning . 
  have n't played wows in quite a bit . 
  thought they added a torpedo boat tree . 
  i 'm guessing they 're ai controlled ? 
  i know you 're getting your fix for `` i 'm impartial and i do n't think either side is right '' but if you think , at least on reddit , that the left leaning people are the ones spreading misinformation ... hoo boy . 
  have you ever seen pretty much * any * of the conservative/right-wing subreddits ? 
  they are pushing conspiracy theories based on literally made up stuff . 
  when they 're not doing that and posting articles on current events the facts are spun so badly that you 'd think they have no idea what they 're talking about . 
  so the whole intelligence community together in one voice saying otherwise ... ? 
  actually , not only did they say otherwise but they said it had been the worst one of its kind in quite a while - so no , it was no routine thing done every election cycle , nice try though . 
  man , i wish the left would stop with the silly conspiracy propaganda !, 
  why ca n't they be more like right leaning media which does n't push such nonsense !, 
  i mean , without right-wing media we 'll never find out what child sex ring leader , mafia boss , hitman extraordinaire hillary is up to !, 
  also , i think you 'll be surprised to see by the end of his term just how much damage trump has done to the gop . 
  all the anti-republican media in the world has n't produced the amount of negative overall view for the party than trump did in just a few months . 
  `` cracked '' down on isis and north korea . 
  lmfao , he dun got his man now everyone !, 
  more so hilarious when you realize that north korea is the most aggressive it 's been in quite a while . 
  also , opened the first mine in decades which he straight out lied about that it helped create some 30k * mining * jobs when the whole us mining industry has * 50k * !, 
  what a crock . 
  could n't have said it better . 
  sort any current event thread on reddit by controversial and you 'll see exactly this . 
  just had someone tell me yesterday that anders breivik was a zionist agent that killed all those teens because they were protesting or protested against israel . 
  romania does not exist . 
  it 's a myth . 
  it 's made up . 
  yup . 
  finland ? 
  what finland ? 
  lmao , the deflecting you did is obvious enough as it is but , heh , here goes . 
  nowhere in that wall of text did you mention that you were wrong and admitted that , in fact , the intelligence community did indeed say that the hostile , unusually aggressive russian `` intervention '' in the 2016 election to help trump win existed . 
  i thought your original thought framing was that no evidence of this existed and it 's just these art student lefties making stuff up . 
  admit it , you lie to yourself at night that the spokesperson for these agencies actually said that . 
  also , goes to show how patriotic some of you lot are . 
  people serving your country are suddenly tyrannical , behind the scenes operatives when they go after your joke of a manchild president . 
  first of all , i 'm not a us citizen . 
  i 'm from romania . 
  second :, 
   so your best retort is whataboutism ? 
  how would i differentiate those conspiracy theories on the right and the left 's rabid hatred of all things russian . 
  the right is pushing the narative that there was a child sex ring run by hillary in the basement of a pizzeria . 
  also that obama 's wife is a man . 
  just a few examples to be found , of many more available , on low quality `` journalism '' right wing big media outlets . 
  and on the other hand we have * your * own intelligence community saying it is proven fact that russia , like never before , intervened in an election . 
  not the `` rabid left '' or `` you disgusting people '' . 
  hope that 's clear enough for you and you can now differentiate things , chum . 
  you really need to seek help buddy . 
  like for real . 
  been fun having this exchange with you , but your only real interest is to stir shit up by using the most far reaching logic with little to no basis . 
  not to mention that most of the things you write make sense only to people deluded enough to warp reality to such an extent . 
  in short , this back and forth has little to no value . 
  yes , you little bum , i actually care what happens outside my own country . 
  i know this is not standard practice in hicksville . 
  now run along . 
  that 's nice deary . 
  but the feminists !!!!!, 
  we ca n't let the feminists win !!, 
  guys ?!?!, 
  guys !, 
  the feminists !!!!, 
  that panicked look when you realized what happened ... golden . 
  care to enlighten us with some evidence ? 
  you seem to be doing the exact same thing `` they '' are from the looks of it . 
  ** edit ** : nice little ninja edit so i guess i 'll do the same - from lower in the thread :, 
  so , not only is it not about that sanctimonious norwegian statistic you 've been boasting about but it also , to some extent , gives credence to the idea that you were against in your previous post . 
  it literally says , multiple times , that the stats were intentionally misinterpreted . 
  it does however provide this swedish police report from may 2016 :, 
   123 incidents of sexual molestation in the country 's public baths and pools in 2015 ( 112 of them were directed against girls ) . 
  in 55 % of cases , the perpetrator could be reasonably identified . 
  from these identified perpetrators , 80 % were of foreign origin . 
  all in all that wiki article provides valid arguments both firmly for and against your line of thinking . 
   except norway actually has the balls to post actual statistics on the matter and non-western foreigners tend to be 3x more likely to cause violence , as well as a much more likely chance to be involved in sexual assault, 
  still waiting for clarification on that little lie , my dude . 
  so , not only is it not about that sanctimonious norwegian statistic you 've been boasting about but it also , to some extent , gives credence to the idea that you were against in your previous post . 
  it literally says , multiple times , that the stats were intentionally misinterpreted . 
  it does however provide this swedish police report from may 2016 :, 
   123 incidents of sexual molestation in the country 's public baths and pools in 2015 ( 112 of them were directed against girls ) . 
  in 55 % of cases , the perpetrator could be reasonably identified . 
  from these identified perpetrators , 80 % were of foreign origin . 
  all in all that wiki article provides valid arguments both firmly for and against your line of thinking . 
   except norway actually has the balls to post actual statistics on the matter and non-western foreigners tend to be 3x more likely to cause violence , as well as a much more likely chance to be involved in sexual assault, 
  still waiting for clarification on that little lie , my dude . 
   little lie ? 
  my dude , if you want to discredit every study by using the same exact fucking line used in most of the `` rebuttals '', 
  do n't be an ass . 
  i 've used no personal opinions just copy/pasted facts from various official sources . 
  if anything official sources discredit * some * of your ideas . 
  guess i 'm going to continue that procedure and give you [ this ] ( http://www.government.se/articles/2017/02/facts-about-migration-and-crime-in-sweden/ ) . 
  it does not get more official than the swedish authorities and official institutions giving information on the matter on february , 2017 . 
  i 'll also be providing one non-cherry picked version of a part of your post from the site since the link has quite a lot of information . 
  yet again , no personal opinions here . 
  your version :, 
   a 2005 study by the swedish national council for crime prevention found that people of foreign background were 2.5 times more likely to be suspected of crimes than people with a swedish background , including immigrants being four times more likely to be suspected of for lethal violence and robbery , five times more likely to be investigated for sex crimes , and three times more likely to be investigated for violent assault . 
  ... and the actual , full version :, 
   facts : according to the swedish national council for crime prevention 's swedish crime survey , some 13 per cent of the population were the victim of an offence against them personally in 2015 . 
  this is an increase on preceding years , although it is roughly the same level as in 2005 . 
   the swedish national council for crime prevention has conducted two studies into the representation of people from foreign backgrounds among crime suspects , the most recent in 2005 . 
  the studies show that the majority of those suspected of crimes were born in sweden to two swedish-born parents . 
  the studies also show that the vast majority of people from foreign backgrounds are not suspected of any crimes .
