watching it on mobile by chance ? 
  you can not have one very tall cb ( pique ) and one almost the same height ( bartra ) in the same xii ... not with barca 's play style . 
  you need pique for highballs and overall strength and one shorter for speed . 
  just imo, 
  added you for tf2 and kf , 
  added . 
  i recommend the basics for multiplayer , tf2/l4d2 etc, 
  added for l4ding , 
  added , scotty rotten, 
  added , scotty rotten, 
  added - scotty rotten ... but you can call me alex , alex , 
  is that actually the official jersey they 'll be selling to fans ? 
  props for the well drawn ifv . 
  love this small detail about polandball comics . 
  love it how you do n't want things for people that share your nationality or language on the soil of other countries . 
  guess we should do the same for all the countless other people russia swallowed over the years ? 
  you want your people living inside ukraine to be safe from harm but you , just like putin , support and praise a moron under whom 's administration innocent people were shot . 
  and i actually mean innocent -- not throwing molotovs at police , not holding makeshift spears , just you know , being shredded by police live ammunition -- all documented on video . 
  i do n't care if hitler himself was at the protest . 
  at that particular moment , in that particular video , unarmed people , clearly shielding themselves , were shot by people that worked under that lunatic . 
  and now back ontopic , how can you back that napoleon-syndrome suffering putin when he says that he is ukraine 's only legitimate president ? 
  how can you be ok with him hiding a man who is now a fugitive ? 
  putin 's declaration : http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/putin-ukraine-unconstitutional-coup-yanukovych-legitimate-leader-article-1.1709894, 
  video of unarmed people being shot , nsfl or at least disturbing : http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2563609/truce-kiev-collapses-hours-official-day-mourning-28-people-killed-protests-erupts-violence.html, 
  ps : please do n't mention the fact that there are photos/videos of armed protesters . 
  i know this and i never said that there are only the bad authorities and the wholy innocent protesters . 
  there is good and bad on both sides . 
  what i said in my first reply mentioned how civilians , unarmed ones , are shot by people who are supposed to protect them . 
  even though an almost blind man can see that they are unarmed . 
  yes , i forgot to mention i was referring to putin backing yanukovich after what has happened and not mentioning a peep of it when talking about him . 
  there is ( almost 90 % sure ) , videos of extremist groups in russia calling for the deaths of germans , americans , jews etc. 
  should we automatically back a murderous leader next time one pops his head out amidst tension in your country only because these groups exist ? 
  or should other countries that have their nationals inside russian territory invade your country in order to protect them from the eventual chaos or extremists ? 
  you are vile, 
  this is a scam . 
  look at him speeding up to a run when the car approaches and when in the street he slows down . 
  all in all beto being off his line so much is fair punishment for taking a penalty like that ... twice . 
  as much as i like cesc ... dat koke ... a must have !, 
  how is it possible that caballero is not on that lis ? 
  `` got their shit together '' , `` finally learned the value of sacrifice and honor '' and calling people cowards for not willingly accepting to kill and be killed against one 's will ... you are some piece of work ... 
  even in the 70s , judging someone by how much he wants to get mutilated/or sacrifice himself for someone else 's sake is beyond fucked up . 
  not everyone is born to serve others . 
  there 's plenty of room and plenty of purpose for those type of people in the world . 
  well shit . 
  if that 's the case it kind of makes what i wrote stupid ... 
  still , i 'm nit very sure what the punishment is for that kind of crime but i do n't think it 's a fine or a `` few '' years of prison time . 
  just because you 're serving under a colored piece of cloth and serve for a `` group of people '' with military duty does n't cancel the fact that soldiers are still human beings . 
  it 's wierd ... 
  i ca n't tell which one it is . 
  it looks like the 2010-2011 shirt but the sleeves are n't yellow and the collar is wrong ... 
  yup , absolutely no reason to do that . 
  he could have moved to the side to avoid mandzukic 's intention to stop his sprint . 
  still does n't take away from the fact that mandzukic is a huge cunt . 
  no , he just has his socks lowered . 
  he always wears them like that ... b/c he 's a moron . 
  so , you 'd have three players who have n't played together ... ever ... at any club and of three different nationalities starting at the same time on our right flank . 
  also , you want to use two cbs who are n't known for their speed ( pique , benatia ) instead of using the `` one small and fast , one slow but dominant on air duels '' combo . 
  i 'd also avoid using an arguably green defender as a first 11 ( marq ) . 
  come to think of it , not 100 % sure , but most of the new players you listed are n't accustomed to the 4-3-3 we play . 
  do n't get me wrong , i like all of the transfer targets you listed but i 'm not sure how they 'd fit together . 
  asa a barca fan :, 
  c r a p !, 
  it would appear that they 're collecting argentinians ... 
  haha , yeah ... good point !, 
  hey ... wait a minute ... : l, 
  geez , cut it out with the bartra is the next top cb in europe bit . 
  bartra is good , talented , motivated and with proper `` barca footballing schooling '' . 
  however , his inexperience should cross him off most people 's first 11 list . 
  get it in you head -- in a top level team like barca where seasons can be decided by the difference of one goal conceeded you can not invest that much trust in a green defender . 
  sure , you grow him and give him minutes but you do n't plan your defense around him . 
  actually , a lot of people think bartra is ready to start and even put him ahead of the likes of masche and pique ... so i jumped to conclusions . 
  no argument on your other points though . 
  barca never seemed like the type of club to invest in the transfer of older players . 
  makes me think their favoring experience and toughness this transfer window . 
  cb/lb thing is ok by me if that particular player 's first name is jan. 
  i dunno what but despite the mistakes he sometimes makes , i think he 's pretty solid . 
  great article . 
  well written and seems to be based on very solid/thorough analysis . 
  the thing that made it click for me in the article was when he mentioned cesc 's lack of positional awareness ( pressing etc. ) . 
  last season i started to notice that cesc would become overly agressive in some of his duels in midfield . 
  almost too much ... more than masche , who is probably the only truly agressive player at barca . 
  it 's almost like he was getting constant criticism from the staff that he 's not pressing players enough and the overflow of free faults and little fights with the opposition was his way of making up for it . 
  i did n't mean to say cesc was aggressive in a bad way necessarily . 
  just that his pressing seemed to be forced and not something he 'd do naturally . 
  also , i think alba is more feisty in the same vein as neymar , mostly due to his young age and not by character . 
  i am loving the club 's general enthusiasm towards him . 
  ! kick * !, 
  * @putin . ru, 
  just a very very small nit pick ... we do play with a lm , namely iniesta . 
  he often drifts from cm to permanently play during the match as a lm/lw . 
  or ... clubs noticed that our defense is in bad shape and everytime we make an offer they apply a `` desperation '' tax to any transfer 's fee . 
  better said , fuck anyone in this world who thinks it 's ok to take a life for a colored piece of cloth/dirt/religion . 
  if he does go for that money it is absolutely absurd we could n't outbid 20m especially for a player the club wanted . 
  and who 's the genius who checked this plane pre-flight ? 
  even though i have n't seen that much of him , i 'd still go for vertonghen . 
  problem is that out of pique , mathieu and jan , they 'd all want to be starters . 
  what to do , what to do ? 
  whilst benching pique might give him the wake up call he needs , it might also kill his confidence for a long period of time . 
  whithout knowing the player personally it 's pointless to discuss the matter . 
  jan does not play `` strictly '' as lb .
