  soviets basically made the hanoi sam cover . 
  the highest `` scoring '' sa-2 sam battery was lead by a russian . 
  in fact , if i remember correctly , most if not all sam batteries in north vietnam were lead by russian technicians . 
  agreed . 
  wish i could find the link to the site where i read up on these sa-2 sites in nv , really interesting stuff . 
  why are you people wasting your time with this peabrain ? 
  really , do n't feed this preteen loser , use your time better . 
  and of course it 's another r/the _ dumbass user/loser and his army of brigading high-school dropouts from hickville , great . 
  hey , at least they do n't fuck their own relatives like you buddy, 
  so , what you 're saying over here is that you 're going against what your folks said and going ahead with marrying your sister ? 
  alright man , not judging ... 
  muie la bozgori ... keeping it classy i see, 
  some guy just released a macv-sog minimod for rs2 : v on steam ... awesome ... 
  another right-wing/libertarian trashcan that reeks of bullshit ... nice . 
  did n't say that nor did i ever believe that . 
  i mean holly hell , 4 out of 5 posts are licking this rat faced fuck 's ass . 
  is it really that bad ? 
  lovely . 
  you start out by spewing this holier than thou crap of how you are unbiased and go on to give us this waste of time . 
  it 's biased as shit . 
  the whole site is , it 's just of a different color . 
  what you wanted to say is : `` here 's the right 's view on this . 
  yeah , the side to which this shrekli wanker ran b/c they were the only ones with an interest to defend him . 
  i 'm not going to waste any more time on this specific shrekli ass than the time i 'd take to wipe my actual ass . 
  so , if you want to debate this guy do it with someone else . 
  i will give you this though , you saw that site for what it was , upvote from me . 
  judging by the shit i saw sifting through the comments on your trainwreck of an account `` mental defect '' is more fitting for you than most sjw . 
  think about it buddy , you 're worse than most far-left sjws . 
  congrats on that one !, 
  here is one of alex jones ' best buds and actual employee , paul joseph watson . 
  if you still have n't ... somehow ... seen through his weave of utter horseshit here 's someone who `` admires '' him ripping him a new poop chute :, 
  keep in mind folks . 
  pjw is one of the main and most respected figureheads of the alt-right . 
  you 're one desperate loser hombre . 
  and still , they project donnie 's obvious and documented behavior onto other people . 
  how fucking low are these fools ? 
  well most of these numbskulls actually think that biden himself is paying people to post this stuff as a starter for hid future presidency . 
  imagine being that fucking dumb to believe such idiocy . 
  how does it feel to be the freaky smelly weirdo in the bushes bothering normal people ? 
  cause that 's you in this situation . 
  or maybe , and i know this will shock you , but you buncha spastics from r/the _ loser are in the minority on this site * overall * . 
  most people just upvote the biden stuff for the `` funny-ish '' idea and move on . 
  i personally find some of them as an insult to the guy - portraying him as if he 's some sort of child . 
  i upvote nonetheless b/c it rustles your tender little feelings . 
  yeah , i just went ahead and figured since 4.5 out of 5 people in this thread are donald brigaders ... 
  point still stands ... just not towards you , sorry about that . 
  at least he 's not humping his own daughter like your obese joke of a president , lol . 
  all in all these fucking retards are forgetting one thing : the official account of the us president posted an image of him `` beating up '' the press . 
  it was also cross-messaged to the official potus account . 
  how in the flying fuck is that ok ?!, 
  cnn is a private venture , that 's the us president we 're talking about , not some right wing parrot idiot . 
  welcome to another thread brigaded by the local dumpster-fire gathering called the_donald !, 
  do you realize the complete stupidity of what you just wrote ? 
  which - * holds back laughter * - he failed to convince and lost the vote ... by 3 million ... to - * snickers * - to clinton . 
  that 's your president right there . 
  winner by consolation prize , lmao . 
  hard to do that when you 're damn near delusional . 
  yes , how could i forget , biden the pedophile . 
  will need to read on that . 
  i 'm currently finishing up a study on that pizzeria basement and slaves on mars . 
  lol . 
  what a waste of time you are . 
  beat it with your empty arguments . 
  you 're talking to me about civility and free speech when that clown bans news outlets he does n't like from briefings and makes fun of disabled people on live tv b/c they 're from the `` wrong '' newspaper . 
  only thing i agree is that cnn had a moral duty to be better than this . 
  that bloated fool in the white house basically has things written in the job description and constantly shits on them . 
  give me a break ... 
  no , the country is not split down the middle , are you dense ? 
  the majority voted for clinton . 
  fair point . 
  trump the president of the people !, 
  imagine my surprise !, 
  if he would n't have posted high school type garbage on the official us president account maybe the country and cnn or whoever would n't have devolved to such a shitshow . 
  doxed ... for ? 
  i 'm not the 27 year old manchild who posted : `` i hope trump or putin nukes mecca [ ... ] and i 'll jack off onto my computer screen over pics of vaporized goat fuckers '' . 
  and after he does this does n't even have the balls to own it and goes all `` i accept people from all walks if life '' . 
  privacy you have in your own home/property , not in public - which is where this nutjob wad posting . 
  freedom of speech does not equal freedom of consequence . 
  i guess i can give a public speech advocating for the murder of someone based on your logic . 
  hey , i just said some ... stuff , it 's my right to free speech , why is this a problem ? 
  it 's not like r/t _ d has been caught in the past by the reddit admins doing exactly what you said and have since then accused everyone left and right of botting in order to deflect . 
  no siree ... 
  did n't say there was n't any . 
  all i 'm saying is that the most widespread use of bots is in all these overflown alt-right toilet subreddits popping up everywhere . 
  2 day old account made for stirring shit up . 
  yup . 
  i 'll think i 'll take what you said as a compliment . 
  also , implying the non-moderate right votes any other way than blindly ... funny joke my dude !, 
  no , because most people do n't post braindead racist shit like that waste-o-space did . 
  fox would n't have reason to dox most people , because most people are n't f ` ed up in the head like that . 
  that 's the thing , bruv . 
  nothing that i have done that falls under `` anti trump '' is in any way dox-worthy . 
  as in , if my name were to get out there on national tv i would be called out for saying : `` in a post on popular social media website , scotty called president trump a lard ass . 
  more on this disturbing individual next '' . 
  nothing that i have said would make it hard for me to hold responsibility towards . 
  this assclown however would have to answer for calling for the extermination of a group of people , asking for nukes on whatever and so on . 
  that 's because you 're also dodging the main problem people have with this . 
  being held accountable , within reason , when you say violent , aggressive garbage . 
  a problem which would n't exist if said person would have said whatever in the privacy of his own property . 
  in public you act like a normal human being with a minimal amount of civility .
