  helps breed the need to one up other people by buying other shit though -- is of good for business , yes ? 
  why do they not post this stuff in the update archive section that they added recently ? 
  they should really take notes from the tf2 guys who list everything chaged in the patch notes . 
  something something long hard full of seamen . 
  i 'm doing a similar setup as you suggested here . 
  do i really need a beefy 750w psu and would n't it be better to spend a little extra to go the skylake setup ? 
  do n't know the guy or care to know him but ... it is such a waste of time doing all that analysis . 
  judging other players by winrate has always struck me as silly at best . 
  ships sunk/lost ship rate , dmg and general playtime says a whole lot more about how good the player is than winrate . 
  never understood this in a lot of other games but more so in wows with its disastrous mm . 
  not really p2w but the prices of some premium ships are absolute highway robbery characteristic of wargaming . 
  the amount of money they must have made from selling a few models + skins at the price of games that are far more valuable than wows is disgusting . 
  whole lot more arcade-ish than wows though ... 
  i 've made a measure 12 new mexico skin if you 're interested . 
  did so because the current in game model is the configuration that the new mexico had irl in 1941 ( when the measure was introduced ) . 
  also , seeing how the texas will be a rust bucket , as most wg ships are , i 'll probably fix her up in m22 in the future ( if her configuration in the game matches with the real configuration she had at cherbourg ) . 
  it 's fun and totally pays off when you see the ship you grinded to looking all nice , realistic and you know ... not a rusty pile of scrap . 
  i think i left enough grime and wear without making her look like she 's just been found beached on a deserted island . 
  first , divisions are there so you can be assigned with friends to the same battle . 
  what would be the point of making a division in a battle besides the separate `` division '' chat and the yellow coloured icons ? 
  second , possibly , rip no fog mods that make some maps look gorgeous . 
  hello cheap looking fog , we meet again . 
  is it me or do the turrets look wet as well ? 
  would be interesting to see/know how they added that to the ship models . 
  are n't they reffering to how the game installs , in terms of packaging to increase speeds ? 
  as in , when you first download and install the game ? 
  or will the whole game files be packaged when already installed ? 
  they do n't . 
  users and porters made it possible . 
  search google for posts on the wows forums about `` world of warships wrapper '' . 
  have fun !, 
  this is hms campbeltown * before * it had stuff removed to ram the dock gates . 
  it 's actually a slightly improved wickes-class that was used by the rn and the dutch on a couple of escort missions . 
  after that it got torn to bits . 
  better put , why do secondaries on battleships have pathetic and unrealistic range ? 
  in the minds of the devs capital ships were designed so they would have little defensive options against small warships . 
  then again , i remember this is the game that has invisible ships , so yeah ... 
  care to share said pictures of two naval merchant ships ? 
  why do people care about win rate in a freaking team game ? 
  it says 0 about your individual skill and more about how lucky you were in the mm draw ... 
  i called it `` the death roll '' , one bomb was n't enough to take out the aa gun unless it was a direct hit . 
  dive towards target , drop first bomb , go into roll , by the time i was into a dive again at the end of the roll my next bomb reloaded and there goes the aa . 
  dunno why the aa guns never managed to hit me . 
  learned this trick from a guy called kate beckinsale , lol . 
  any word on the other two ships that were in the bundle with gremy ( sims , yubari ) ? 
  aaaaaaaand i wo n't be getting it ... wth is up with that aa battery on the back of the ship ?!, 
  at least for the current hull a they removed all the unrealistic aa guns and finally one of the ship 's hulls match a configuration that it had irl . 
  ca n't edit on mobile : did they also remove the national eagle from the aft end ( she lost that in the same refit she got the funnel cap/new bow ) ? 
  i share your feeling but i do n't think you 'll be getting your point across by being like that . 
  there 's plenty of `` muh realisms '' for you and i and the like who enjoy this sort of thing and plenty of other `` cool stuff '' for people who do n't care ( a la arp stuff and made up ships ) . 
  yup , agree with you on that , sound resonable . 
  in case you might not know , there is a very simple way to remove camos btw . 
  sea blue line on hull starting from the first continous deck . 
  ocean grey above that up to the tallest point of the superstructure . 
  anything above that is haze gray . 
  any horizontal surfaces are painted deck blue . 
  niiiiiice ... wait ... any horizo ... deck blu ... yyyy u do dis ?!!, 
  i was just fooling around , what i meant to say is : `` it looks great '' , 
  guess it 's sort of official now ? 
  i migrated to a pc so i am no longer in need of wrappers/ports , but good on them !, 
  also off topic : op , are you the person who was working on a uss texas skin or am i confusing you with someone else ? 
  is the mikasa that is in game the one after the explosion in harbor aka world war i ? 
  or the one from the russian-japanese war ? 
  wow , the ship looks almost completely pitch black in her measure 12 paint scheme + the b&w picture . 
  her hull is actually dark purple/blue ( sea blue ) , superstructure/guns are a very very dark grey ( ocean grey ) and the rangefinder and its housing on the very top of the ship is the standard overall grey color of most mid/late war usn ships ( haze grey ) . 
  ... and you could not have picked a worse game to try and substitute real life achivements with . 
  wait , does this mean you ca n't make anymore progress on the permanent missions until 8th of june ? 
  as is stated on their site ? 
  please ... they ca n't be this stupod to not mention that the 8th of june deadline is n't actually the deadline ... 
  i think this is the novossirysk ( spelling ? ), 
  port irl . 
  it was the home of the molotov and krasny krim ( profintern ) cruisers and project 7 dds ( gnevny ) in ww2 up until germans and romanians took it for a while during operation case blue . 
  it was then after taken back by a very celebrated amphibious assault by soviet naval forces on a ridge/hill which would be offscreen in the picture , somewhat in the bottom part . 
  it 's also currently the home of the mikhail kutuzov from what i remember . 
  i see nothing wrong with this . 
  one single piece of advice i think everyone agrees that these numbskulls should finally get :, 
  knock it off with these stupid `` get x kills with x ship type '' . 
  it encourages behavior that is not only shitty in a general sense but also in the context wg itself provides by making the gameplay team-oriented . 
  not to mention that if you do only 99 % of dmg on a ship and lose to the guy who finishes off the kill and you 're playing with the sole purpose of finishing event missions ( like most of us do ) you 've basically played an annoying , unnatural round and left with nothing to show for it . 
  also , to the staff member who posted that shit above : you 're asking the price of games 20x better than the quality of your game for a fucking ship that would n't even qualify as a dlc for most games and you call people salty b/c they expect more free stuff for the amount of money you get ? 
  always check `` updates_data '' ( or something like that ) , it contains the downloaded packages used for installing/updating the game . 
  delete anything inside as the game will no longer need them and the folder can get quite big . 
  maybe if a rule was imposed to use tags for such posts our friend here would n't be so sensitive as one can filter them out easily ? 
  [ history ] for articles about battles etc , [ dockyard ... dunno ] for pictures of ships and real life stuff . 
  * need to collect more ships intensifies *, 
  why yes , we will take your 50 $ , thank you very much !, 
  the indy is something special innit ? 
  i absolutely hate powder keg ships but the indy just swept me off my chair . 
  jackass pricing aside , i do not regret getting her . 
  bonus : nic cage at the helm !, 
  the problem is that all the arp kongos have the exact same model in game . 
  that model is the hiei of the kongo class and no other . 
  all of the rest of the sister ships had significantly different superstructures irl so if you 're going for the historical look i 'm afraid you 're out of luck . 
  what port is that ? 
  dunno if i was clear enough and ca n't edit on mobile : basically what you have is hiei 1 , hiei 2 , hiei 3 and not kongo , kirishima or haruna . 
  check out adela yukikaze ( really sorry if i spelled that wrong ) on the us forums . 
  along with tanz ' kongo skin with the yellowish deck you 'll get a really great skin for the hiei which looks slightly different . 
  they 're only two however and are n't camo skins since none of the class had that from what i remember . 
  thanks, 
  you actually care about a 5 % and 8k deficit ?
