  seems legit . 
  then again you lot are ( barely ) functional cretins so ... no suprise there . 
  anyway , it really does feel good to see that the us also has its share of dullards . 
  shame that most of them are on the republican side ( read traitor side ) . 
  so , mind showing us how this girl was pro-communism ? 
  bwahahahaha , she 's been on twitter since march 2016 . 
  well before trump became president . 
  she 's as real as it gets and it is glorious . 
  [ awhahaha , truth stings does n't it ? 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/trumpresponders/status/836071067114438657 ), 
  again ... bwahhahahahahahahaah . 
  wake up people !, 
  the truth is out there !, 
  blue-on-blue buddy . 
  check your fire . 
  one might think trump stole the behavioral patterns of a 10 year old who just got a right scolding , when in fact , that 's actually really all him . 
  whoulda thunkit . 
  dude . 
  i am not a trump supporter . 
  look at my post history , check who you 're talking to . 
  from your post history :, 
   hah you 're a joke , ugly fat sheboon, 
  you fucking hypocritical fucking cunt . 
  racist term for black woman . 
  meh , would not go as far as to say that . 
  might just be one of those 4chan-type edgelord shitheads . 
  many sides . 
  both sides . 
  is it just me or are they coming out of the woodwork as of late ? 
  seriously , go on cnn 's youtube channel and check literally any comment section on any video they post . 
  they are everywhere . 
  or , heh , [ this ] ( https://oauth.reddit.com/r/anarchism/comments/6l7aeb/foo/djrs4hq ) . 
  do n't think they should have had their nvgs hanging around on their helmets like that in broad day . 
  they 're really expensive and usually store them away . 
  still looks great , do n't get me wrong . 
  bonus points for using the correct ccus + iba vest . 
  map or the cwr/p85 mod ported to a3 ? 
  have i ever told you how much of a great guy you are ? 
  great guy . 
  greatest . 
  i sense bitterness . 
  tell him something from your lord and master farrage , that 'll show him !, 
  look at his username . 
  that 's all you need to know . 
  how is this subreddit filled to the brink with such utter peabrains ?!, 
  holly mother of shit . 
  ah , the typical pro-life whackadoodle , how nice . 
  it 's just hilarious how this post brought out all the trash of reddit into one place just spamming their delusional brainvomit . 
  the_donald subscribers , farrage/ukip fanboys , ethnonationalists etc. 
  i am a dirty millennial communist and i like :, 
  soros, 
  the eu, 
  pol pot ( pseudonym for hillary clinton ), 
  killing babies . 
  and the parties/people who orchestrated it are slowly and surely imploding . 
  most people are also starting to seriously second guess the whole thing . 
  keep on winning !, 
  oh that is rich . 
  concern about misdirected hate from a the_donald subscriber and tumblrinaction mod . 
  comedy gold , right there . 
  \u2714 lives in the us, 
  \u2714 thinks he knows what communism is and does to a nation - gets all smart when someone from an ex-communist country tells him he has no idea, 
  \u2714 calls anyone to the left of trump a communist, 
  seems about right . 
  wow . 
  and you just called someone in another reply as `` someone not in touch with reality '' . 
  brilliant . 
  imax 3d projection levels are being reached . 
  i 'm guessing ukip would be the one who should come on top in your mind , right ? 
  think i just vomited a little ... 
  fair . 
  i 'll admit to that . 
  my mistake . 
   what 's your analysis of the timing of the fascist golden dawn making their way into the hellenic parliament right at the time the eu imposed their austerity packages on the greek people which ruined millions . 
   let 's hear your excuses . 
  that is absolutely insane that you have made that link . 
  how in the fuck did you link an ultra-nationalist , far-right party to the eu ? 
  the braindead absurdity if what you just wrote requires no `` excuses '' - that shit is straight up stupid . 
   how can you possibly deny the link between eu forced austerity and golden dawn . 
  and you continue with this absurd bullshit . 
  fine . 
  you 're allowed to be fucking stupid on your own free time . 
  not on mine however , sorry . 
   you 've called me and my arguments everything under the sun so far , and i 've apparently made you vomit . 
  and yet you 've not once actually refuted anything . 
  this is the new shtick that 's going around reddit lately . 
  someone says something mind numbingly stupid - like : '' * just because i hate groups of people based on their skin color or country of origin does n't mean i 'm racist/xenophobic * '' or '' * just because they were shouting neo-nazi slogans does n't mean you should n't listen to them , give them a chance * '' . 
  it 's a cute little tactic people use to legitimize shitty views and abhorrent ideologies . 
  i 'm not trying to conflate you with racists , just used an up to date and popular example . 
  in your case you 're trying to push a ridiculous claim and your only defense is `` it 's not technically impossible for it to be true '' . 
  you can say and do whatever you want , most reasonable people will see through it . 
  that does not mean i 'm going to give you the time of day and indirectly give credence to the things you say . 
  and they were `` parachuted undemocratically '' `` by the eu '' because they were once a european commissioner and a vp of the ecb ? 
  why ? 
  because daily mail told you so ? 
  how about , instead of throwing around stuff , provide sources . 
  please , no daily mail-like piss rags . 
  things to keep in mind :, 
  only the pilot seat `` fits '' the pilot correctly . 
  any other spot will have them stay complete upright with their legs sticking through the bird .
