  all of his qualities point to him being a natural cb . 
  ah ok , but still ... 
  i 'm almost 100 % sure jan would n't join us if his first 11 spot would n't be guaranteed . 
  alot of people said the same thing about thiago silva ... 
  suarez is more rigid and well built than neymar and messi . 
  playing him as an attack-leading-fw , neymar on the left as a winger to widen the opposition defence , and messi back into his old position as an inside-fw on the right ( like robben does at munich ) . 
  this will take some of the heat off messi who constantly hits brick wall after brick wall when playing f9 . 
  i 've always seen him as the opposite of what people are saying he is , whilst a very talented attacking midfielder , he wo n't be looking behind himself when going forward . 
  from the little i can tell , i think he 'll backup the attacking department of our midfield ( iniesta ) . m, 
  just started a game with barca on the handheld version . 
  other targets were - but were n't finished before deadline : stegen for pinto . 
  he would play cup matches and friendlies as his stats get better and valdez moves into backup . 
  marquinhos whom i would retrain as a tough rb whilst rocha becomes a tameish version of alves . 
  cavani , mainly b/c chelski outbid me in getting suarez . 
  he 's strong and can play as a fw . 
  a really cheap target-man type player who wo n't mind being benched . 
  i 'm also keeping cesc , going to be my future iniesta ( maybe ) . 
  mascherano is the ideal midfield destroyer , much better than busi . 
  however , when i use masche the midfield suffers big time on aerial duels and fluidity . 
  very high wages , did n't want to negotiate a better contract , just bought a fresh cb = no bueno , had to let him go . 
  mathieu looking to cross a very very long ball in box . 
  poor guy , you 're on a lonely road to nowhere ... 
  has n't he just renewed for 4 years or something ? 
  because russia is currently on a spree of respecting diversity , freedom of expression and generally respecting people 's rights . 
  seriously , are you that naive or just feel an innate need to be politically correct ? 
  it 's pretty damn clear what russia is trying to do in crimea and eastern ukraine , the fact that the west is countering russian propaganda with their own propaganda does n't change the fact that in 2014 people like putin and his supporters need to have their own reserved cell in a zoo . 
  is dany wearing the adidas boots he wore during the 2010 or 2011 season ? 
  they 'd better !, 
  would n't want to lose our left side , cross delivering , express freight train !, 
  are you romanian ? 
  or just somehow for whatever reason a brasilian watching romanian football ? 
  sunt in the aceeasi situation . 
  though , i chose to support a club from outside that is not pure evil . 
  went to see the world cup and decided , why the hell should i come back , eh ? 
  might be because of the games i 've seen him play at valencia , but alba as a lw ... not that far fetched . 
  yup . 
  huge increase as of late . 
  i also always had a private profile/inventory ... 
  does fifa have a gamemode in which the 11 players are all individually assigned to 11 people ? 
  actually , if you look at the difference between , let 's say vv cephei and our own sun -- think of the proportions things can actually reach in the universe . 
  we might be someone else 's microbiological thingies and make them think ... `` whoa , look at these things under the microscope , they have cars !, 
  think of it ... if there are lifeforms out there that will reach proportions appropiate for a solar system in which a giant like vv cephei/canis majorus ( ? ), 
  exists , what 's going to happen when/if they visit us ? 
  they 'll park their spacecraft in the space between the earth and the sun ? 
  seriously , just look at the difference between the sun and other giant stars in our own galaxy on google . 
  was really brain-munching on what you were saying there up until the end ... then i lol 'd . 
  i just go by logic ... bigger the planet , bigger the gravitational pull , bigger the bone structure etc. 
  i like the way you think , mister !, 
  always wondered what someone who offers this type of advice has to say for people who genuinely dislike social contact etc. 
  i 've heard that volunteering is very good for people feeling down , but what do you do if said person ca n't even engage in that activity ? 
  is there a sub for ... errrrm ... gif conversations ? 
  i do n't want to sound crazy but i absolutely lose it when people give this advice . 
  someone says they 're stuck in a rut and have no purpose or direction . 
  someone else 's advice : go help other people solve their problems whilst you ignore the gaping hole that is your life . 
  i sort of get it ... you stop focusing on your problems ... your mind resets ... etc. 
  when that effect wears off , which it always does , you 're still back to square zero . 
  problems . 
  still . 
  not . 
  solved . 
  he saw the player he wanted to pass to and registered his position before he chested the ball . 
  after that he just `` updated '' the position of said player with that quick glance and made the pass . 
  he 's in the middle of a jump ... camera angle makes it hard to notice . 
  imagine leaping forward but leaving your foot lower so it glides a bit on the grass ... no actual weight is on that foot i think . 
  yes , but even kit bag has only xl , xxl last time i checked . 
  is there any webstore that sells the home kit , m sized and with player names/number ? 
  agreed , fc berbecali sa = idiots , 
  everyone should watch this video muted whilst playing miami nights 1984 - ocean drive in the background, 
  that 's 100-to-100-per-cent how i feel about steaua . 
  and to further the point in a similar manner ... steaua does n't fare even close to decent in any european competition . 
  of course the whole of romania praises them like they 're the pinnacle of modern romanian football , and not some crap club owned by a wealthy neanderthal with the footballing knowledge of me playing fm . 
  that being said , i really , really liked chiriches ' style of play , too bad for him . 
  it 's not r/getmotivated if the top comment , along with 70 % of the other comments , are not negativistic and against ops post . 
  or some snide/passive-aggressive way of showing off just how smart the comment poster is ... without actually giving any sort of motivational advice whatsoever . 
  irregardless of how good the post is . 
  yes , this post is good ... it 's r/getmotivated not r/theabsolutesecrettoaperfectlife . 
  this is a good idea if you just want to keep your body trained and your muscles healthy . 
  if you want to lose weight really really bad you need to be in a caloric deficit relative to some significant cardio workout regimen . 
  if you also want to maintain some muscles add to the above some compound exercises like pushups , chinups/pullups etc. 
  again , not keeping your eating in check and just doing pushups will not burn fat . 
  these did n't change them either ... how very , very wierd . 
  by the look of the textures i was 100 % sure you had found them . 
  anyway , thank you for taking the time to look !, 
  nope , i mod directly and only through res . 
  it seems more reliable and i always keep a duplicate of the whole game . 
  because they look absolutely dreadful and i fear we might get rainbow colored ships and things a la cs : go . 
  chests ? 
  what are those ? 
  if you 're also eu like me , then we might not have them ... not sure though . 
  oh yes , pretty pretty please yes !, 
  i want to keep my default kongo and turn anime-kongo into one of her sister ships like the kirishima or hijei ( ? ), 
  via skins . 
  the skin should n't be more than replace a few . dds-es , same for the anime captains . 
  only two things that are unkown is how to revert to the normal captain voices and replace the anime-dick ( which you need in irder to see the ship . 
  yup , going to leave that typo like that . 
  meant dock . 
  yup , dock . 
  also anime-skinned ships , unfortunately ( for me ) . 
  is this the measure 22 paintscheme ? 
  read somewhere that it was n't actually used on any of the atlanta-class ships .
