gibraltar looks great . 
  the whole scandinavian ( and also peninsula , let 's not forget our friends from the east ) thing is quite complex and interesting . 
  wars , marriages , hostile takeovers , independences . 
  but on the other hand , whole european history is . 
  ok , thanks !, 
  good to know . 
  i thought scania always belonged to swedes . 
  who owned it before ? 
  danish ? 
  i 've heard that japanese takes a lot from chinese , but i never thought they ever reduced usage of foreign characters . 
  i always thought they passively evolved as languages do . 
  you can clearly see that korean and japanese names are more modern and probably were induced way later than chinese . 
  sooooooo gay !, 
  no matter how hard you try , it always comes back again : /, 
  seriously ? 
  is it that bad ? 
  oh , there was an aftermath , but mostly local . 
  this year will be the same . 
  people who ca n't manage their power always tear up when someone points out their faults . 
  i guess there was not enough time for yours . 
  or ... is there also your platform there somewhere ? 
  i 've heard you also deserve one on behalf of your government . 
  shitstorm is starting in polish national television in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
  does n't it mean something like ` victory ' in runic ? 
  we have potential to build them . 
  but in reality , we would need to relay on german and french sources . 
  basically we could build our own , but we 'd need to invest in plenty of resources into r&d , which is not viable if we are not even sure of building a power plant . 
  ok , there is a problem here . 
  we , in poland , live the past . 
  we are still afraid of chernobyl 2.0 . 
  fukushima mishap did n't help much . 
  people are blind to both , differences between technology of the 80s and current one , and geological differences of japan and europe . 
  when you ask people if they want nuclear power , they will say ` yes ' . 
  if you ask them where to build power plant , they will say ` as far from here as possible ' . 
  this is always proving to be an obstacle you ca n't deal with . 
  building power plant anywhere would mean problems with population , ngos , ` eco-terrorists ' , and so on . 
  it 's better not to create an issue than to deal with consequences . 
  harness the power of the atom !, 
  seriously , we could use more nuclear power plants in tectonically and seismically stable regions of europe . 
  what 's going on ? 
  tl ; dr version please . 
  well ... 
  it got current polish government elected so it will also work pretty much anywhere else . 
  the procedures say that every remains of spruce , no matter whether they are in bia\u0142owie\u017ca or anywhere else , need to be disposed of ( burnt ) . 
  they will be removed , but there is a way of doing things , they will not cut down trees and remove them as a whole . 
  they are stripped of branches , then they are cut down in pieces suitable for inventory and then removed from the forest . 
  then it 's time to remove remains . 
  in most cases local people get there , pile those remain , and then buy them ( it 's called pkn - acquired at buyers expense ) , but as i mentioned -- spruces is burnt . 
  as for bavaria . 
  sure , there are some young specimen ( and those trees are really young , none survived from the outbreak ) , but when it comes to poland spruce can not be naturally regenerated , something will be planted in it 's place . 
  and now the most important part , the cutting is conducted in commercial forests , not in natural reserve . 
  this part of bia\u0142owie\u017ca was used as a source of wood for centuries . 
  when it comes to bark beetle , we could leave it alone , it would spread and destroy everything in peace , but active protection is more important than passive one . 
  when a dog bites , you do n't just shake it off and say ` it will be ok ' . 
  you dress your wound . 
  then if gangrene sets in you are not like ` it 'll pass '' , you cat you arm off . 
  it 's time for cutting . 
  you 'd do it with a bonesaw , foresters do it with a chainsaw . 
  so first of all , those trees would be fell anyway , the scale simply changed . 
  next spring i want to see all of those people who block harvesters tending for newly planted trees , but i assure , you 'll not remember , you 'll find another piece of forest to protect . 
  look at it from a distance , take a class in forest ecology , do n't ready wikipedia articles . 
  ask specialists in forestry and forest entomology , not general biodiversity or economics . 
  just try to be smart and learn on your own what 's what . 
  i spend hours and hours studying forestry and i love what silviculture ( and it 's not a `` smart world '' , it 's just a word we use to describe an important thing - tending a forest ) can do to maintain forest stability and improve its sanitary condition . 
  what you say is actually not true . 
  while it might be true to pathogens , it 's not true if the tree is attacked by animals . 
  if it was true , we 'd be immune to dog and mosquito bites , bee stings , and many , many more . 
  but we are not . 
  bark beetle has a complex feeding mechanisms , but to put it simply , it will chomp on tree until it 's dead . 
  sure , tree can resist a few of them , but not masses of specimen . 
  and you need to remember that one single female bark beetle can lay thousands of eggs per year , which amounts to tons ( literal tons , thousands of kgs ) of bark beetles being born every year . 
  it 's like a soviet army , germans were well trained and well equipped , but they were simply overwhelmed . 
  with current numbers of bark beetle , none of spruces in the area will survive , it might even spread , they can fly after all . 
  bavarian forests had similar issue , now you can see only white dead remains of trees standing there ( just google ` bavaria bark beetle ' ) . 
  stare forests want to earn money , sure , but there is another side to all of it , of which , i assume , you have no clue . 
  trees attacked by bark beetle are worthless , they are subprime fuelwood . 
  trees that are still standing are the only source of money and as i said , it would be a shame to waste work of so many people over so many years just to satisfy a few maniacs who think this is some sort of primeval forest . 
  it was planted , years ago , but still . 
  how would you feel if i came to your nice big city flat and evicted you , because there is a beetle under your floor ? 
  and no , you ca n't take anything out of your flat , it 's protected habitat !, 
  but , seriously , there are people living in bia\u0142owie\u017ca , they do n't protest , they know it 's needed , because they are aware what 's going on and what will follow . 
  i assume you do n't want state forests to replant those areas , right ? 
  well ... 
  it 's a shame that it will be done . 
  let 's be honest , you do n't know what a real forest looks like , mainly because you 've never seen it . 
  it 's a mess . 
  let people who know what to do do it . 
  they are highly educated specialists who dedicated their lives to forest ecology and silviculture . 
  sit back on your comfy wooden ikea chair , stfu , and let them do their job . 
  would you kindly ? 
  they wo n't . 
  there is no survival in perspective if you collect beetles by kgs and not specimen . 
  at this point it 's all said and done , the spruce will be gone , the only difference is how . 
  state forests are currently trying to salvage what 's left out of spruce in those forests . 
  we ca n't let work of generations of foresters go to waste . 
  people who love there and work there spent their lives tending those forests and it would be a shame to just abandon them . 
  you need to think and widen your knowledge if you are to talk about precesses going on in those forests or in forests in general . 
  i have to say it ... 
  most of them are way worse than current ones . 
  i like ukraine though .
