most people from anywhere are dead , we need an entirely new system . 
  you can , they just ca n't be completely encased in a food item . 
  there 's a kinder egg knock-off that is legal in the u.s. because the two halves are n't joined together , and the edges of the plastic egg serves as a visible divider . 
  like this : http://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/thumbnails/image/2013/03/18/19/28-kindereggs.jpg, 
  child of baby boomer , here . 
  burnt frozen pizza with an occasional sprinkling of cigarette dust . 
  like hell we are !, 
  we 're penning an angry letter to the u.n. right this moment . 
   anything trying to show `` cheap '' which selects london in the uk has failed . 
  maybe , but who the fuck wants to go to hull ? 
  i think the list is fine , as these are destinations people may actually want to visit . 
  verken ved slurv eller ignoranse . 
   the only option i can think of to deal with that would be even heavier tariffs for doing business with us companies to off-set their increased co2 usage show me a recent study that can link co2 to climate change . 
  co2 's connection to global temperatures is erratic , and if you look at graphs tracking each you 'll see that there 's no connection between the two . 
  i have an idea for the hydraulic press channel 's next video . 
  no you 're not . 
  80 + percent of the install base stopped playing fairly quickly . 
  of course they 're going to have bigger album sales , its pop vs symphonic black metal . 
  of course they 're going to have more streams , metalheads pirate , and then buy shirts . 
   i 'm just struggling to find a way dimmu are a `` bigger export '' a-ha is hardly even an export , as there 's nothing norwegian about it . 
  ________ if you want good norwegian symphonic black metal by the way , you should try this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vx73hgivf8y dimmu 's just sort of bland , with the exception of puritanical . 
  metalheads tend not to use spotify , whereas people who listen to pop love it . 
  personally , i prefer a-ha over dimmu , so it 's got nothing to do with which i like more . 
  it gets to me when people try to use pop charts when talking about successful musical acts . 
  how much did a-ha 's other albums sell , though ? 
  fuck all . 
  a-ha is a one-hit-wonder , and they are not the epitome of successful norwegian music . 
  success denotes consistency , a-ha was never able to do well consistently , unlike dimmu . 
  consistent sales and international fanbase . 
  a-ha has one big single , dimmu has been our largest musical export through numerous albums . 
  of course , they 'll never chart like `` take on me , '' but since when is pop-charts a good measure of success in an artform as broad as music ? 
  norway and belarus is wrong . 
  this should be norway : http://gfx.dagbladet.no/pub/artikkel/5/52/524/524116/dimm1xcopyx8_1200563700_1200563719.jpg not what i consider to be the best example of nbm , but they are the biggest musical export we 've ever had , beating a-ha by a mile . 
  nail * on * the head . 
  a nail in the head would be quite different . 
   unlike our glorious european one . 
  our ? 
  last i checked we were n't members . 
  have n't seen it in about 7-8 years . 
  i do n't get it . 
  it 's not funny , the music is terrible , people vote based on politics . 
  what 's the point ? 
  what 's the allure ? 
   not likely going to turn every bingedrink-prone person into an alcoholic . 
  that 's already an alcoholic . 
  that picture could just as easily be norway or sweden . 
  it 's not just the finns that do this . 
  b ; xl ** e ** sia kan s , oam * t * ems snec up o\u00e2 ^ ^ n u moast p3ple d\u00e5n7 qet eet in theyre adolescence . 
   then i see no problem with it . 
  you should . 
  do you know what the actual effects are of bullshit like the `` punch a nazi '' crap floating around social media currently ? 
  the first is that not a single nazi is getting punched , and the second is that it pushes those to the right of you further right than they 'd ever be without it . 
  your views do n't stop fascism , it * is * fascism and leads to more of the same on the other side . 
  without hitler the war would have been different , but there would still have been war . 
  there 's no knowing whether it 'd be better or worse , but the war itself was inevitable . 
   it 's my personal opinion that the truth of god/gods is probably so complex no human could possibly understand it . 
  that is such a cop out . 
  you ca n't defend every conviction with the opinion card . 
  this is not a subjective matter , and it 's perfectly binary . 
  there either is or is n't . 
  has nothing to do with the potential complexity of such a being . 
  what ? 
  anyone who would describe evolution as `` mundane '' simply has n't understood it . 
  how our need for gods and idols actually evolved , and our propensity to attribute things to the supernatural are very exciting evolutionary traits . 
  getting to the actual truth of these thing is far more compelling and interesting than the myths themselves . 
  spirituality is bad fantasy . 
  reality is better , and so is harry potter . 
   this disconnect can create social tension irregardless of who is right , or even if anyone is right but , someone * is * right . 
  the universe was either created by a superior being , or it was n't . 
  one of these must be true , and the other false . 
  btw : irregardless is a double negative , it 's a word that 's never worked . 
  or a bracelet . 
  uhhhhh . 
  sweden is the easternmost scandinavian country , and norway stretches further north . 
  denmark is the southernmost scandinavian country , and yet they 're `` western ? '', 
  if the people in question are from the respective countries , it 's fine . 
   not to mention that it 's dangerous for the human and it can still lead to people getting killed there 's no problem with that . 
  people get to make their own decisions , if they want to risk their lives , then let them . 
  do you want to ban all other dangerous sports as well ? 
  it 's when they harm an animal that had no choice in the matter that it goes too far . 
  a political vote is a decision made up by a series of compromises . 
  now , we already have same-sex marriage in norway , so i do n't need to make this compromise . 
  however , if party x is pro same-sex marriage , but i do n't like their economic , foreign or healthcare policy , i would never vote for them , because those things are objectively more important . 
  once they have civil unionship , the lack of same-sex marriage is merely a first-world problem that is of very , very little consequence . 
  at that point , it 's not a matter of rights , but of feelings . 
  not really . 
  he tried to eradicate the competition . 
  the ussr was n't anti-religion , it * was * a religion . 
  every successful religion tries to stomp out opposing ones , which he learned from studying theology , then implemented that religious practice , and many more . 
   utterly empty gesture that helps no one but their own misplaced sense of justice . 
  let 's not forget that it really , really helps their record sales as well . 
  `` good , more easy targets to earn virgins with . '', 
  once it gets to the point where over half of the population in major western countries have lost a loved one to islamist terror , the middle-east will be nuked . 
  the only answer to violence , unfortunately , is greater violence . 
  it will get to the point where we consider collateral casualties acceptable , and then it will end fairly quickly . 
  these terrorists are n't much of a danger to the west . 
  sure , they kill some of us at fairly regular intervals , but they 're just not very effective . 
  they are a huge danger to all muslims , and everyone who live in muslim-majority countries , though , because they will force the west to eradicate everything and everyone even tenuously related to them . 
  at this rate , it 's inevitable . 
  violence begets violence , until one side is entirely wiped out , and no one has anywhere near the capacity for violence that the west has .
