  my point is that if they were refugees , they would 've stopped at turkey . 
  then they would 've stopped at greece . 
  they would 've stopped at hungary . 
  they would have god damn stopped at denmark . 
  but no , they want in germany and sweden because they know there they can grab god by the ankle . 
  have you even been paying attention to any media ? 
  an interviewer asked a `` refugee '' if they 'd go to romania and it was a resounding no . 
  are you currently aware that we do have refugees ? 
  or we had , because they fucking fled . 
  they do n't want to stay here , despite the fact that there is no war , there is food , there is shelter and there is safety . 
  much more safety than there is in syria . 
  but no , we were n't good enough . 
  denmark was n't fucking good enough . 
  either you 're completely daft or we read some seriously different dictionaries when we looked up the word `` refugee '' . 
  it does n't make me look bad or ignorant of international affairs when the people in the international courts are currently pointing out that they are economic migrants . 
  that they are being lied to by human traffickers about what a paradise europe is and showing them edited footage of merkel saying that all are welcome in germany where they 'll get everything . 
  if you are trying to be reasonable and pc , you are sorely mistaken . 
  you are n't arguing with an opinion , you are arguing with facts and real life and real life is unfortunately not on your side right now . 
  ukraine is currently in a war . 
  a balls to the wall actual war where 8000 have died . 
  you know what the ukrainians in the area did ? 
  fled to the zone that is n't in war or fled to their neighbor country of poland , romania and russia . 
  one fucking million of them fled to russia . 
  a few went to germany because they caught wind of their oh so generous refugee aid , but they got turned back . 
  similarly , the actual syrian refugees have fled in millions to turkey ( to name one country ) . 
  the ones coming here are not refugees in any way , shape or form , because if they were , they would n't have done what they did in hungary while hungary was following international law to process them . 
  i will compare it to whatever i god damn want . 
  mexico also has serious troubles , yet no one calls the mexicans going up north `` refugees '' . 
  so why the fuck are we pussyfooting around and fooling ourselves with the muslims ? 
  if they were refugees , they would 've been fucking happy escaping death in any of the countries it took them to reach germany and sweden . 
  no , they 're migrants who want better job prospects and money at best and fucking welfare leeches at worst . 
  do n't kid yourself and pull wool over your eyes , you 're only going to disappoint yourself . 
  `` serious troubles '' = / = war = / = refugees we had and still have serious troubles too , are the million romanians in italy refugees ? 
  you know , the decade after ceausescu got killed was n't exactly a nice time to for romania , what with psd shooting journalists in the street . 
  yeah friend , it was just that one african that i saw and not the thousand nigerians who are flooding into southern italy right now and who count as `` refugees '' . 
  and that 's including the afghans , iraqis and pakis who are throwing their papers in the ocean and say that they 're syrians . 
  yes , they 're all `` refugees '' . 
  these are n't displaced by wars . 
  the actual refugees are in turkey , jordan , lebanon and egypit . 
  i looked at one of the pictures of the `` refugees '' in danemark going to sweden because they did n't like it in denmark and one of them was a subsaharan african , whom i doubt was fleeing from any war as nigeria , ethiopia , or the west coast are n't in conflict . 
  these are opportunists who smelled the chance of money and flooded to it . 
  calling them refugees is the biggest mistake of our times . 
  when we first tried to integrate them 260 years ago , france intervened and told us `` no . 
  they are the last nomad culture of europe . 
  let them be . '', 
  then we tried to integrate them . 
  during communism , because of socialism 's festering need for `` equality '' , ceausescu gave them romanian ids , passports , jobs and appartments in newly built blocs . 
  all for flee . 
  they abandoned the jobs but kept the rest , and now their neighbours ( which were n't built with being ghettos in mind ) are the worst parts of any city . 
  they were also moved in ( or they themselves moved in ) abandoned saxon villages , which were beautiful and well maintained , and completely trashed them . 
  gypsies in romanian schools start from 2 instead 1 in grades and universities are actively offering them scholarships just for being gypsies . 
  it did n't work . 
  then they smelled your weakness and left to profit off your policies . 
  it is you who is now encouraging their behaviour , a behaviour that we tried to stamp out . 
  we factually can not be blamed anymore because it is out of our hands . 
  they are now your problem . 
  when people say `` he has n't done anything '' , it 's mostly in jest and a bit because all he publicly seems to do is talking on facebook , compared to our former president who could n't go a week without shitposting on television and/or doing something that starts a scandal . 
  but from what i hear , he 's cleaning house with the politicians who are n't being arrested and straightening them up so things are running slightly smoother now . 
  must be that german efficiency . 
  and , although i did n't vote for him ( i just drew a dick on my paper using the stamp because i did n't want to vote for anyone but i did n't want my vote to be stolen ) , i do n't dislike someone who 's quiet and when things go nice and smooth without any fanfare . 
  yeah that 's why every european country that has been under muslim rule and in constant contact with muslim hates it . 
  yes because killing assad is not gon na make other powers try to fill a power vacuum like it happened with ghadaffi and saddam . 
  no siree bob . 
  the harder you push the pendulum left , the harder it 'll swing right . 
  which is why i suggest you stop pushing before things get real violent when it will inevitably swing back . 
  because the portuguese are in any position to be criticizing us , huh, 
  tell me in what , way , shape or form is it okay for an european country ( or any country , really ) to have entire no-go areas where policemen and firemen are having rocks thrown at them by immigrants ? 
  tell me , bar a fucking active volcano , in what way , shape , or form is it okay to have places in your country where you , as its ' native , are discouraged from going to . 
  i do n't think we should bring sweden into this if you 're trying to give muslims the benefit of the doubt . 
  hungary is a country that got fucked over hardcore by muslims ( like most of us in the area ) and their opposition of islam is part of their cultural heritage , as it is for us , so it 's completely understandable . 
  and by fucked over hardcore i mean entire areas were wiped out by turkish raids and incursions and it 's not the kind of thing people tend to forget , especially now since the migrants on their doorstep gave them absolutely no reason to think that they are benign or willing to follow the law and the rules . 
  it would be like asking a palestinian to get over netanyahu bombing his kids and accept orthodox jews in his house . 
  and before you go for the knee-jerk response of `` it happened hundreds of years ago so shut the fuck up '' excuse , let me explain to you that this kind of thing is linked to the unseen , deep culture of the area . 
  for example , we ( both romanians and hungarians ) have a popular saying that goes like this : calm down , the turks/tatars are n't invading , which means `` there 's no hurry '' . 
  it is something so basic that even the countryside elderly that did n't go past 4th grade know and it is something ingrained in the nation 's conciousness and culture , and unless you want to destroy it all , rowdy muslims arriving by the thousands is n't gon na sit well with the native population . 
  `` i disapprove of what you say , but i will defend to the death your right to say it '' ring any bells ? 
  i disapprove of a lot of stuff being said and thrown around lately , but at no point did i genuiely want to silence the people saying it even though some statements made me want to reach for a cyanide pill . 
  yeah , i suppose . 
  though i wo n't say no to the bit of national prestige and tourist money , but it 'd be nice if vlad would stop being seen as a bloodthirsty monster and the facts were known and by `` facts '' i do n't mean the american kind of facts where they still romanticize and speculate about stuff . 
  i mean the proper historical facts , and the reason he was hated being that he culled the boyar class that betrayed his father and older brother to the ottomans and that he got used as a scapegoat for hungary 's crusade not going very well . 
  plus the fact that he is n't even our most celebrated ruler . 
  i 'd say he ranks lower than giants like mircea , stefan or mihai , who were much more successful than vlad . 
  well , mihai was until he got assassinated by the austrians . 
  this would n't be the first time we strongarmed major powers into giving us what we wanted . 
  we entered nato by allowing american planes to turn and refuel on our air space while they were bombing belgrade . 
  i think the west underestimates what a sly and clever man the romanian is . 
  this also reminds me of a piece of dialogue from a book of ours : dac\u0103 voi nu m\u0103 vre\u021bi , eu v\u0103 vreu . 
  ( if you do n't want me , i want you ) - spoken by a moldovian prince upon returning to the kingdom and being told by the aristocracy that they do n't want him back . 
  it reminds me that our situation is similarly dogshit to what it was 167 years ago . 
  we 're still at the mercy of foreign powers , we 're still in a lethargic , deathly sleep of apathy and we still have n't proven our worth and pulled our weight . 
  `` decent people '' that throw away food because it is n't halal and stomp and huff that they want to germany . 
  `` decent people '' that write sings such as `` we will destroy this island '' or who do a neck cut sign at a camera in hungary . 
  decent people that shit on trains and squat inside people 's garages and at their doorsteps . 
  the decent syrians have fled to turkey , lebanon and egypt and are waiting for the things to blow over while these are uneducated opportunists that burn their papers so that they ca n't be identified and ca n't be kicked out . 
  and raed arafat is one of many . 
  you ca n't say the actions of one is representant of the many when there are more , more , much more extremist islamists who disdain european culture and values . 
  i can assure you that none of the thousands who flood in europe will amount in their entire lives to what raed arafat did . 
  and on a related note , i do n't recall the million romanian diaspora in italy doing what syrians are doing right now in every country they grace with their presence until they reach germany . 
  remember when our german king refused to cooperate with the german empire ? 
  history has a funny way of repeating .
