  `` let me tell you about your country . '', 
  yes , such a miserable country where i have access to literally anything i want from any corner of the world , job oppotrunities , houses and cheap tourist locales . 
  i qualify on the lower spectrum of the middle class but i have a clean appartment with 2 rooms , a job , a nice car and i go to play wargames with my friends on weekends . 
  romania 's shithole status is grossly overstated , but i like it that way if it means we get overlooked by crooks and scum who want safety and benefits without working for it like i and the majority of my countrymen do . 
  `` romania , along with neighboring bulgaria , are the poorest members of the 28-member eu . '', 
  you know , this would 've upset me a while back , but right now that kind of reputation seems to be working in our favor . 
  yeah , i think i 'd be known as a shithole and be left alone than have to deal with shit that i do n't care about , had no hand in causing and have no reason to feel guilty about because we 're not relevant enough to have caused any kind of war . 
  we already do n't have cash and open borders , so why should we take them ? 
  war . 
  what a crock of shit . 
  what an absolute retarded thing to say . 
  you have absolutely nothing to back that up and it is just drivel forcefed to you by people whose names end with stein , berg and man . 
  it would have been just as bad but in a different way and we would not have a guilt complex over it . 
  ghaddafi and saddam and america dipped their hands in the soviet-afghan war . 
  they should 've just let the soviets take over the place and let communism run its ' course and defeat itself instead of causing a much worse problem like it did . 
  i wonder how long until we stop pretending that the ones coming here are not fleeing the war in syria , considering that the actual refugees stop in turkey and egypt . 
  i think it 's time to implement a rule that is essentially the prime directive . 
  is it ? 
  i do n't recall the dead kid being drowned by an european . 
  we 're not shengen , yet we are still forced to take them despite the german government inviting them . 
  and while we 're being petty and accusatory , i do n't remember any country in europe offering to take refugees from us during that little incident in the 90 's and the following decade of instability that followed where people were still being killed in the streets by our government while close to the turn of the millenium , and i also do n't hear stories of romanians in italy or spain ( who have gone there strictly to work ) crying that they do n't like it and deciding to infest entire neighbourhoods and shouting ooga booga this is mamaliga only zone . 
  germany making us take in refugees did n't really work out like they expected , huh . 
  `` traveller '' just call 'em gypsies you fucking ponces . 
  they themselves call themselves that . 
  sucking a large power 's dick because of historical reasons . 
  he failed to mention albania and america , which is the most egregious example . 
  exhibit a : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2rtafbqepg, 
  nice hot assumptions , asshole , but no , that 's not what i 'm talking about . 
  the idea was that there are no foreigners in here , but that 's untrue . 
  eastern europe is n't an ethnically homogeneous place like the west and has never been , and constant invasions has left a mark on the place , which is why people here are wary . 
  but please continue picking what you like from my arguments and bitching about it without understanding the context or whole picture . 
  it would 've been amazing if it happened hundreds of years ago , but no , that happened constantly and it remained in our consciousness . 
  in western countries , which are pushing this shit and yelling at us for `` being racist '' , migrations stopped a long time ago , while here invasions from the east kept happening . 
  turks moved turkish settlers from anatolia into rumelian states . 
  soviet states were forced to take russians and vietnamese by moscow . 
  moldova even has a breakaway state created by russians who were moved there by the government . 
  so you can probably tell why we 're a bit fucking peeved about those forced demography changes and wary of `` foreigners '' . 
  by foreign nationals i presume it means modern ones , but no . 
  we 're not an ethnically homogeneous country . 
  we have tatars , turks , lipovans ( swamp russians ) , bulgarians , serbs , two types of germans , szekelys and albanians . 
  we are/used to be really good at assimilating peoples but their family names and physiology still dentoes their ethnicity . 
  names like turcescu , jidanu , rusu are common . 
  the balkans and east europe in general was more ethnically diverse than the rest of europe for most of its ' history and a lot of it came from invasions/invadatory migrations and your original claim that `` we 're not accustomed to foreigners '' is factually wrong . 
  yes , especially since those invasions have left around a couple of foreign minorities . 
  `` lack of contact to foreigners '' . 
  we had the most contact with foreigners in all of europe . 
  why do you think we hate them so much ? 
  i can name at least 5 different tribes of central asians who invaded us . 
  he would n't have resigned if he was n't under fire for so long . 
  he would 've brushed off and continued on , or would 've said he 'd resign and then would n't have , just like basescu did . 
  but he was under fire for a long time , and he wanted a dignified way out . 
  and the fact that he actually did it probably means that he 's gon na have a stake in who 's gon na be the next pm . 
  it 's all really cynical , but here we are . 
  `` ukraine is poor '' . 
  wow what a wild fucking surprise . 
  did you really expect this to cause a stir ? 
  it was the most important because it was a new communist regime . 
  we protested against it and got killed in the streets for it . 
  psd was doing that as far as the end of the 90 's , a decade after cea\u0219c\u0103 's christmas gift . 
  because they 're not fleeing a war , they 're coming here to get money . 
  well , you start by having money and work your way from there . 
  they tried , they could n't . 
  we were too big to swallow and a kingdom still and too far away from the core of their center of influence . 
  they bled us dry of money and resources and fudged elections so that the communist party would win and send the king in exile , and for a few years we were ruled by moscow , but we got gradual autonomy until ceausescu , who straight up defied the soviet union and the warsaw pact and kicked production and the army and the secret services into overdrive . 
  for a while , securitatea could actually compete with the kgb and was probably the fourth best secret police agency in the world . 
  rare , to nigh impossible . 
  considering that gypsies marry their cousins more than they marry non-gypsies , i 'd say that it 's sketchy . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/principality_of_transylvania_ ( 1570 % e2 % 80 % 931711 ), 
  belgium was a mistake . 
  bruxelles needs to be wiped from the face of the earth and the rest of the country be split and given back to its ' rightful owners . 
  i have personal experiences with serb refugees from when belgrade was bombed . 
  one is very personal , heh . 
  but i do n't think this thread is about anything but the current situation . 
  christianity was preached here , the bible translated by greeks . 
  islam was spread entirely by the sword . 
  the only two cases i can think of where christianity was spready like that was charlemagne fucking up the saxons and the teutonic order invading the balts . 
  honestly i think hilary will win just because people want to recapture the politically correct emotional high from the novelty of having a woman president , just like they voted for obama because he 's black . 
  it 's annoyingly common in here , as well . 
  reading something on the romanian reddit or listening to a 20 something talk here gives me cancer . 
  wish people would just pick one language or the other and not fucking intermingle because it sounds seriously retarded , especially since our language structure is quite different from english . 
  amazing rebuttal my man . 
  i do n't really give a shit about america , to be quite honest . 
  or canada or australia or any other former colony . 
  the whole thing of `` are we equal or not '' is irrelevant in the face of what is actually happening . 
  it is a thing that is pushed on europeans only , the acceptance of others , the acceptance and import of non-whites . 
  this is n't happening anywhere else . 
  it is n't happening in south korea or japan , nor does it happen in saudi arabia or israel or shit like that . 
  yes , i accept that we 're all equal , but here 's something : why should i give a shit ? 
  why should i suddenly drop everything and think of someone who was n't born here , has n't ever had ancestors here , has n't lived here , has n't fought with us or against us , has n't grown alongside us ? 
  yes , they are equal , but my kinsmen are more equal than them . 
  why would i treat a stranger in the street as i 'd treat my family ? 
  i 'll obviously treat him with respect , but i wo n't act like we sucked from the same teat , will i ? 
  why all this shit ? 
  the need for uniqueness and culture and the need to congregate with people who look like you will always be part of us because we 're hardwired that way . 
  i 'll never be a brother with a flared nostrils spongy haired black man nor will i ever be a brother with a high cheek bones blue eyed blond northman . 
  ethnically i will always have more in common with my countrymen and our neighbors , which is more than i have in common with a sub-saharan african and all pretending that heritage does n't matter is just gon na kill us . 
  it is the evolutionary equivalent of laying down in front of a train . 
  just because we whites have been brainwashed to think that hegemony is bad does n't mean that everyone else has , so what you want will never go away . 
  all it will do in the end is us disappearing like so many other ancient ethnicities and cultures in the past have . 
  the only difference this time is that we wo n't be killed by wars or genocide , but by our own retarded feelings based forced ideology of equality .
