if you do n't find a way to fix the problem , someone will . 
  and until we stop the boats , murder will be a viable solution . 
  for your sake , i hope you 'll oust merkel and vote a government willing to put an end to this before murder gets turned into pogrom . 
  it does n't matter because there was added an additional rapist that would n't have been there if he was n't invited to europe . 
  they were forced to channel their energy into hunting , protecting the tribe and killing others . 
  but we do n't need that anymore , so like half the reasons men evolved to do are not doable . 
  same thing happened here to saxon villages when gypsies moved in after the germans got kicked out by the communist government . 
  we like germans because of historical reasons and it 's an opinion that 40 years of communist propaganda has n't managed to erode . 
  unless they literally fucking invade us , the average romanian will always think highly of germans thanks to the saxon colonists . 
  and i can assure you that germany profits more from us being in eu than we do . 
  because they do n't spread around , they will form no-go zones like they did in sweden and britain and france . 
  they will never assimilate . 
  they did not assimilate even when they came little by little , so how will we magically digest the constant wave ? 
  heh , here we can legally drink from the moment we are born . 
  i still have vivid memories of my grandfather giving me wine when i was like 5 years old . 
  do you think it does n't stand on its ' own merit when western media ( from countries that are not affected by the crisis , like america and the uk ) keeps shoving babies and women on every article , refuses to call them anything but syrian refugees , calls countries like hungary `` nazi '' because they followed international law , when people like barbara lerner spectre say `` they are now going into a multicultural mode and jews will be resented because of our leading role '' , when companies in germany can fire employees if they post any anti-immigrant stuff , when right now eu has overruled sovereign decisions and ignored laws that it set in favor for the immigrants and when courts give a slap on the wrist to non-white rapists ? 
  please excuse me , but if this does n't make a man skeptical , then i do n't know what does . 
  what all those countries have in common is that they hate being bossed by bigger powers around after centuries of being bossed around by bigger powers . 
  we had ottoman rule forced on us , then we had communism forced on us and now we have germany 's guilt forced on us . 
  how is frau merkel forcing us to do something that is against our constitution any different from ottomans forcing us to fight christians ? 
  and sometimes they do n't . 
  are you going to choose who 's right and wrong based on which side hurts your feelings ? 
  these are the creme de la creme of our society , people who had the luxury to travel , to afford education , to speak to important people and get ideas and opinions and facts from various sources and communities . 
  one lady i have spoken to is 51 years old and she is part of the ruling body of the university i 'm in . 
  she travels a lot through europe and she said that the other european governments are acting really weird and counter-intuitive in regard to the freak wave of immigrants and the administrative and infrastructual destruction they leave behind . 
  her husband used to work in securitate and was the ~ ~ chef ~ ~ chief of the romanian custom house ( the guy who decided if you could get in and out of the country or not ) during communism , so she 's hardly politically naive . 
  it might be paranoia from communism , but are you really going to dismiss those hunches so easily ? 
  gypsies start from grade 2 instead of 1 in schools , get more social benefits than ethnic romanians , got free houses , universities actively give them free spots over ethnic romanians and tv keeps putting them in positive light constantly . 
  yet they refuse to take any of those chances , and continue begging , stealing and killing eachother in clan wars . 
  i 've spoken to university educated people who regularly interact with politicians or otherwise the higher crop of society and most of them said that it seems way too organized and focused , especially with the western media being so rabidly pro-immigration . 
  they all left it at that and did n't continue , and i think it 's just smugglers and profiteers wanting to get rich from people 's stupidity , but some of their arguments got me thinking , i have to say . 
  well , in the real world , two `` refugees '' started crying when they realized they accidentally arrived in romania and not hungary even though we have done absolutely nothing bad to them . 
  nobody set any asylum on fire , nobody threw stones at them , nobody made protests and the president said that we wo n't take mandatory quotas but we 'll pick all the actual refugees we can off our own volition and do what we can to help . 
  in fact , the ukrainian refugees up north do n't seem to be complaining at all , even if they had to be settled in the northern part of the country , which is the least developed and poorest , while the `` syrians '' who come here would be settled in the west , which is the richest and most modern , in mentality and infrastructure . 
  so , please give me evidence of how we wronged them in any way for them to feel so unsafe and threatened by our country that they do n't want to come here , cause i have evidence of them saying `` i do n't want to go to romania because it 's poor and shitty '' . 
  please , go ahead and tell me in what way did we , as a country , nation , ethnicity and even the entire eastern bloc acted uncivilized in the face of a god damn invasion of young men who are outright disrespecting international and national laws and authority and demand to be brought to germany and sweden even though they 've been through 5 safe , war-less countries . 
  germany/merkel ignored the dublin regulation , which was also illegal , so laws do n't matter anymore as much as whose feelings you hurt . 
  and how 's letting uneducated military age muslim men en masse in the country gon na civilize us ? 
  that 's the point . 
  drawing an image of muhammed , any image , will piss them off because he 's not supposed to be drawn by law . 
  lmao all these hidden comments . 
  well , jack , i hope you 'll remember this commend when muhammad rapes your daughter . 
  the chief difference between then and now is that europe was still european by the end of it . 
  with the most popular name for newborns in london being muhammad and with skyrocketing cases of sicklecells in newborns in paris , i do n't think we 'll bounce back from this one . 
  are you implying they have n't lost meaning ? 
  i 've seen people use `` nazis '' , `` racists '' and `` bigots '' the same way people use the patriarchy , commies and the jews : an all purpose insult and repressentation of everything that the poster hates and thinks is behind everything they disagree with . 
  and this is n't a recent development . 
  this has been happening for as long as i 've been on the internet , and i 've been here a really long time . 
  the banning and condemnation of comments like those are what brought us to this wretched situation . 
  i do n't think you understand . 
  the people you defend do worse things than the worst thing you 'll ever hear from an european . 
  i think the poster ahead of me was mistaken because i do n't think we offered it , the polish government just refused to call for our help , figuring it 'd be better if we were kept out of it and if they 'd have a safe haven to flee to . 
  we 're not nationally guilted into feeling bad for what we did , unlike you . 
  we still see the people of nazi germany ( its ' population and ruling class , both ) as `` people '' and as allies that , despite slicing off half of transylvania , treated us as equals . 
  we also tend to see things in a more objective manner , especially hitler . 
  this has been happening for 10 years now , and i 've yet to start laughing . 
  i 'm not concerned about my country yet , i am concerned about the rest of europe . 
  because 1 . 
  i do n't want to see something i 've admired and learned so much about go away and 2 . 
  because once they 're done with you , they 'll come for me . 
  yeah , that was my reaction too when i realized i was born here . 
  nothing at all . 
  it is something wrong when you consider it as something disgusting , inferior , backwards , icky or badwrong . 
  before you resort to kneejerk reactions of scoffing and going `` tsk , those retarded nationalists '' you should ask yourself why was your first reaction to insult it . 
  is there something wrong with nationalism ? 
  holodomor , nanking , the great leap forward and some other stuff . 
  the holocaust is grossly overrepresented and , dare i say , overinflated in its ' importance and numbers . 
  what the actual fuck is going on with germany right now ? 
  is everyone running it a fucking clown ? 
  it all sounds like a god damn monty python skit . 
  we 're not sorry . 
  i 'll be deep in the cold ground before i recognize russians as europeans . 
  do you have any facts to back that up ? 
  and i do n't mean posting out of context pictures from bbc . 
  cause some of our reporters asked migrants in hungary if they 'd like to come to romania and they said `` no , it 's too poor and cold . '', 
  and not `` no , they 're gon na treat us like shit . '', 
  `` i 've seen animals on farms treated better '' , what a crock of shit . 
  you should 've just said `` let me tell you about your country '' cause that 's what all you post amounts to . 
  and i 'd like to add to that that we repurposed old houses from our northern villages to house ukrainian refugees ( who are actual refugees ) and now our government is seriously toying with the idea of kicking out students from frats to house the refugees we 'll be forced to take because we do n't have enough spots in our asylums . 
  until the german people vote merkel out of power , merkel is germany . 
  i. . . wow , jesus , i did n't think your media brainwashed you that hard . 
  haha , oh my actual fuck . 
  `` your strategy is to shit on refugees so they do n't stay here . '', 
  man , i bet you 're the kind of person who cries bitch tears about muslims and those `` refugees '' being generalized as violent allahu ackbars while you 're right now generalizing an entire area full of millions of peoples based off completely unfounded stereotypes . 
  fucking hell , that is some grade a delusion . 
  you know what , keep saying that . 
  keep saying that we 're going out of our way to just shit on every single migrant because we do n't want them here even though our government went out and said that we 'll take as many immigrants as our system can out of our own volition and keep them and treat them in timisoara ( the same place we treated serb refugees who were fleeing the bombing of belgrade , none of which complained about if i recall ) . 
  yeah , you do that , keep spinning that stereotype and feel free to take all those entitled welfare shoppers in your house . 
  yeah dude , cause eastern europe is all just a corrupt shithole full of faceless goons who ca n't just wait to break every single human rights law while the `` immigrants '' are all poor and hapless innocents fleeing a war and they have no choice but being stuck in the fourth county they traveled through to get to the heaven that is germany . 
  bucharest , obviously , we can house the entire political body of every country involved and their mothers in the parliament palace . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/intermarium alright , let 's do this . 
  eu , you dense motherfucker . 
  every representant country that is n't france took turns to tell junicker that they are economic migrants and not refugees . 
  it is irrelevant how many died . 
  60.000 ukrainians have fled to poland to escape the war and have decided to stay there . 
  2 million syrians have fled to turkey to escape the war . 
  they have chose to remain there , despite shittier conditions than what they can find in germany , because they have found safety , food and shelter that is more than enough to survive . 
  have you seen pictures and videos from the turkish camps ? 
  by all accounts they are clean and every well managed and their government is doing a really good job taking care of them . 
  if they did n't , liberals would certainly have used it as more ammunition .
