  i 'll be honest with you , the phrase `` studies show '' really triggers me and i demand proof everytime i see it because of the fire and forget way people use it . 
  but you still have n't answered my question . 
  why is it not needed anymore when everyone except western europe/whites still practice it ? 
  this kind of shit would be considered insanity if you said it to someone outside of western europe . 
  alright , show me those studies . 
  why ? 
  why are we past it ? 
  you know , there 's a reason we evolved to be that way . 
  if it needed to end , we would 've gotten rid of it a long time go , or would n't have become like this in the first place . 
  `` whatever else may divide us , europe is our common home ; a common fate has linked us through the centuries , and it continues to link us today . '', 
  i 've given up on sweden . 
  i 'm sad about it , but they did it with their own hands . 
  i am now more concerned about that mentality and problem they created coming to us . 
  huh , when i google `` why did romania '' it shows why `` want to be independent '' . 
  which strikes me a bit stupid because the answer is right there in the question . 
  intermarium when . 
  i 'm generally against any form of united statian expansionism . 
  oh do n't worry about it . 
  plenty of gypsies here pretended to be syrians to go to germany . 
  remember when we fought and died in wars so we there would n't be anyone to boss us around anymore ? 
  yeah , that was fun . 
  eh , relatives ? 
  we do n't have much in common with western europe , culturally or ethnically . 
  germans here fucked off a long time ago thanks to communism . 
  but we still have more in common with eachother than we separately do with non-europeans , so i guess there 's that . 
  why do they want to hurt us ? 
  what do they gain from it ? 
  if it means a fucking war , then i 'll take it . 
  it 's how we fixed everything up until now . 
  christianity fought itself until it stopped being shit , and so has every other part of europe . 
  secularism , democratic governments , freedom and all that were earned with blood , so why should islam be exempt from being fixed that way when everything else was ? 
  why should islam be shielded from rightful critique or attempts to fix it , especially when it 's becoming clear that the secular and peaceful muslims are a tiny minority . 
  because it 's specifically islam that does this and encourages people to fucking hate its ' guts ? 
  because it 's good to know what the real root of the problem is ? 
  because maybe all those people who kept banging on about how islam is not compatible with a continent that 's been secular for two centuries maybe had a point ? 
  because this problem literally did not exist before we allowed muslims to migrate here in mass ? 
  no , seriously , this problem did not exist before this . 
  it literally did not . 
  even in the fucking middle ages or dark ages this shit did n't exist and at no point until now has someone said there 's a problem with the education system . 
  it 's only specifically related to islamic schools in europe , so trying to protect islam from what you perceive as being unjust backlash is kind of pointless because islam is gon na keep doing it until we either kick them out , beat them into accepting european values like we , lithuanians and poles did with tatars or someone reforms it . 
  yeah , alright . 
  i 'm all for getting back our lost manpower and recover from our braindrain . 
  look , i 'm not gon na tread the same waters with you . 
  please tell me what other hate school is there besides islamic schools , because islamic schools are not hate schools . 
  they are just islamic schools . 
  that 's what islam is . 
  there 's no good or bad islamic school because it 's not `` hate '' , it simply is and every ex-muslim keeps saying that it 's all part of the core of islam , which is non-negotiable , just like there is no moderate islam because even the majority of the `` moderates '' agree with the extremists . 
  but please , just satisfy my curiosity . 
  pinpoint me any other `` hate school '' . 
  i wo n't tell anyone . 
  it matters to your argument . 
  you bitched about it being problematic that it was targeted at muslim schools and not using a homogenized , broad `` all hate schools '' term , but there is literally no other type of public or private teaching institution that teaches what would qualify as `` hate school '' other than the muslim ones . 
  what the fuck else is there ? 
  christian schools do n't teach this kinda shit . 
  gender speficic schools do n't . 
  hell , even in our shithole we do n't have `` hate schools '' . 
  now , whatever assholes come out of it is the fault of the underfunded education system and teachers not having an incentive to do their jobs properly , but i 've changed grade schools two times and high school two times and there was no `` hate '' being taught , nor did i ever meet a romanian youth who wanted to beat his wife . 
  so , your argument is fucking null because there is no other hate school than islamic schools so there 's literally no point in not specifying them except hurt feelings . 
  it kind of really does . 
  what other `` hate schools '' are there ? 
  what other school in western europe ( or all of europe for that matter ) teaches what mosques do . 
  what other hate schools are there ? 
  so , does that mean we get to not have refugee quota forced on us ? 
  alright then . 
  i do n't know . 
  there was n't any increase in crime in bucharest during ceausescu 's rule when peasants had to come to the city to get any work because of the increased centralization , and the native migration to the city was big and sudden enough that group specific quarters popped up where people from one side of the country were the majority . 
  make of that what you will . 
  - escu , - esc , - esti and - eanu . 
  what ? 
  we romanians integrate really well , to the point where people who return home from whatever country they went to come back more italian/spanish than romanian . 
  i think you mean gypsies , because romanians integrate so well that you do n't even know they 're romanians anymore . 
  because stamping out differences makes the population easier to control . 
  there would be no more factors that are mathematically incalculable and unpredictable . 
  the eu leaders want more money , and the best way to make more money is to dillute any kind of differences between eu 's overall population to make it easier for us to work together ( as in , like in a factory , not to achieve a noble goal ) . 
  it 's all a sleazy money scheme hidden behind ideology . 
  heh , this takes me back to the transistria war , where both sides realized that the other had `` volunteers '' ( transistria had russians , moldova had romanians ) and they consisted of tanks and apcs . 
  sunk cost fallacy, 
  everytime eu blunders , it reminds me of the pig killing case a few years here . 
  we traditionally slaughter pigs just before every christmas and eu caught wind of it and realized that we do n't do it `` humanely '' ( use knives instead of capping them in the head ) . 
  of course , the only people who still do it are countryside peasants who not only do not give a shit about eu and what it thinks , they also ca n't afford to buy the special guns to kill pigs in civilized manner . 
  so eu postured and demanded we use their retarded guns . 
  peasants laughed it off and continued using knives . 
  it was a stupid demand from the ivory tower forced on people without paying attention to the culture , demographic and economical standing of the population they were judging and i personally find that to be the core problem of eu 's leadership . 
  i found it funny at first , but now it 's starting to worry me , especially since it 's gotten clear that they really want to stamp out any national identity and homogenize the entire continent . 
  i agree with him , but for a different reason . 
  charlie hebdo deserved what happened because decades ago they not only criticized national front from trying to simmer down muslim migration , they outright tried to dismantle them . 
  and now , the shooting happened exactly from the immigrants that national front was trying to keep out of the country and that charlie hebdo were in complete favor of . 
  they are the exact batch from the exact generation that at the time national front was campaigning against . 
  and now ch is criticizing the muslims that they wanted to be let in years , that they tried to stop the people who tried to stop what happened decades before it happened . 
  it 's all around retarded and nobody 's really in the right . 
  they came here in the 15th century and they still have n't integrated . 
  or rome . 
  it 's a fucking free for all . 
  oh fucking get over yourself , dude . 
  we 're not kids on the playground who fear we 're gon na be told on our mommies if we use swear words . 
  stop examining the finger when it is pointing at the moon . 
  we also share cultural ties in fighting ottomans and even share a national hero , starina novak . 
  i 'm really not sure what still makes you think that these are refugees . 
  ah , very well then . 
  my mistake .
