  yep , look what finland main exports are and where they come from . 
  what about cheap oil and gas and energy infrastructure in general they could not afford ? 
  finland is still subsidized by russia . 
  probably earlier version of rd-33 , al-21f is an old engine deisgned in the 60-s . now they have 1000 flight hours between overhaul with service life of 4000 hours on paper . 
  in real life they are flying 7000 hours and more . 
  so mtbo is better for f100 but service life is better for rd-33 . 
  keep in mind also that servicing and overhaul of the engines in soviet and us school is not the same thing . 
   if you look at recent militairy exercises the 5th gen fighters mop the floor with the 4/4 .5 gen fighters . 
  it is debatable because f-35s were covered by [ f-22s . 
  ] ( https://theaviationist.com/2017/02/05/f-35s-kill-ratio-with-aggressors-stands-at-151-during-red-flag-17-1-most-probably-thanks-to-the-supporting-f-22/ ) pak-fa is more comparable to f-22 . 
  if we are talking about air superiority it is for sure better than f-35 . 
   the second major issue with russian kit is that while the buying price is very attractive , russian aircraft have a fair share of problems of their own . 
  the first is that russian aircraft like the legacy flankers and fulcrums were rather expensive to run , with relatively few hours on the engines before overhaul . 
  mig 29 engine life and mtbo was almost the same as for f100 engine of f-16 . 
  same for su-35 or pakfa . 
  where do you get your sources from ? 
  there are problems with engines locally produced in china and india only . 
  chief of u.s. air force air combat command said it is [ irrelevant ] ( https://theaviationist.com/2014/02/04/f-35-needs-f-22-acc-says/ ) without f-22 . 
   currently not a lot of aircraft can really challenge the f-35 in that department anyways . 
  depends on your tactics , rcs is higher from the sides of every stealth plane ( f-35 in particular ) . 
  using clever tactics during group fights you can win using more maneuvrable and faster planes like eurofighter , rafale or su-30 . 
  f-35 is not air superiority fighter , f-22 is . 
  because there is no real alternative . 
  they would not assimilate , because in many cities and states the are already majority in younger demographics , so the future for these cities and possibly states is with their culture . 
  they will learn english for sure but retain their culture . 
  corruption is a problem yes , but wether it decreases or would decrease economic growth is a question though . 
  as for government control , in doing business rating russia is 40th up from 100th place 6 years ago . 
  it is not that bad . 
  there is no ideology in present day russia , as for propaganda , sometimes it is pure genius . 
  for example , blaming the west for the present economic troubles . 
  oil prices would fall anyway sooner or later but now , like 80 % russians think it ` s the west to blame . 
  considering that low oil prices are beneficial for the economy in the long run , putin will be seen as lord savior in 5 years improving the economy despite the evil west . 
  when in reality it will diversify itself due to cheap labor force . 
  actually i really like liberal economic policies of the present government . 
  why do you think we are following the same path as ussr ? 
  from economic standpoint present oil price collapse is a blessing . 
  sanctions is a problem , but fdi in 2016 was already on par with 2013 . 
  actually i really like liberal economic policies of the present government . 
  why do you think we are following the same path as ussr ? 
  from economic standpoint present oil price collapse is a blessing . 
  sanctions is a problem , but fdi in 2016 was already on par with 2013 . 
  mostly because of internal problems . 
  if you read the article the poll is not that fake , and was cited by bloomberg first . 
  so in a nutshell euvsdisinformation is only pushing rt agenda in this case . 
  well , they usually rather present the facts in a way they want people to see them , it is not like lying . 
  first batches were temporary solution - not much steel an thin concrete walls . 
  those ones are probably being demolished . 
  most of the later designs were forseen with a big reserve in concrete and reinforcement . 
  they will last 100 + years with proper servicing . 
  these territories were included by stalin in georgia and ukraine for these reasons in the first place . 
  same for armenia , kazakhstan . 
  more or less the same artificial divisions between kirgyzia , uzbekistan and tajikistan . 
  think of it like english dividing middle east and then provoking tensions within the artificial states . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  eu deal was beneficial for eu and agricultural west ukraine , but would kill industries of east tuned mainly for cooperation with russia . 
  eurasian union deal granted full access to the common market , while eu did not offer full access . 
  moreover ukraine should have granted full access for the eu goods . 
  why do they have the flag during 53km hike ? 
  article is pretty accurate highlighting problems , but fails to provide any prognosis . 
  as far as i remember predicted growth up to 2020 on par with euro zone . 
  it sucks , but not near the end of the world . 
  well the point is , eu integration in case of ukraine makes it even worth than before . 
  and eu knows it and does nothing to improve the deal for ukraine . 
  proof ? 
  there is no real alternative for them , two types of thives only considering current political landscape . 
  euro integration won ` t help either , because it is not fair deal . 
  ukraine grants full acess to the market while eu does this only when it wants . 
  it will only fuck ukraine economy even more . 
  considering lower taxes you may will be . 
  it works only if it is conventional warfare . 
  there is no army that will easily win against partisans supported by local people . 
  chill out , economy is already rebounded . 
  actually low oil prices are beneficial for russian economy in the long run . 
  it is old data now it is roughly 30 % of gdp with oil sector , without oil it is 20 % . 
  actually less than 20 % . 
  there are plenry gas pipelines coming from africa and everybody seems fine with it . 
  there are plenty of us or eu bases in africa , just move couple closer to the power plant . 
  is it economically feasible ? 
  protection seems like an easy part . 
  it was always like this . 
  it is median , average wage is 35 369 rubles according to rosstat . 
  also , russian gdp per capita is 27,466 usd ppp , not 23000 . 
  world bank site provides old data . 
  old model of growth driven by consumption . 
  median monthly wage in russia 25 722 rubles which is 1157 usd ppp ( probably higher in reality due to informal economy ) , for us it is 2500 usd . 
  that was because they chose price linked to oil price . 
  when oil was low gas was very cheap . 
  now when oil is down , prices are more even with germany . 
  if you look at the prices for long period , it was cheaper on average for baltics/poland , than for germany . 
   they could n't vote to stay under the same conditions as before . 
  there simply was n't such an option provided . 
  literally , there was no option for status quo . 
  none . 
  the people of crimea were not even allowed to vote for keeping things as they were before-literally , this option was not on the ballot . 
  they could stay with more autonomy as per ukrainian constitution . 
  they chose to leave . 
   you do not seem to understand the right to self-determination . 
  there are legal procedures under the charter of the united nations and international law regarding self-determination . 
  none of them involve military occupation and annexation . 
  nothing of the sort happened in kosovo by any measure .
