  actually gdp growth was higher in [ eastern germany . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_german_democratic_republic#comparison_with_the_west_german_economy ), 
  well the ones who ordered this shall be in jail , not the ones who followed the order . 
  you can not really put gorbachev in jail , so there is that . 
  you are mistaken , for french and other resistances except polish ( it was bigger but not that significant ) . 
  supplies from us were important yes . 
  africa was not important for eastern front , because mussolini had no intentions to help on eastern front in any meaningful numbers , also bear in mind that strength of axis forces in africa was only 400 000 at peak - i.e. 
  comparable with casualties of england during the second front operations . 
   without the us cutting off japanese oil eventually leading them to attack the us , and the uk keeping them occupied in the meantime , they may have decided to push into siberia which may have caused the cowardly stalin to capitulate . 
  japanese had plans to invade yes , but only if three quarters of forces stationed in siberia would leave to fight germans . 
  they did not leave on paper , so japanese did not invade . 
  what ` s wrong with whataboutism actually ? 
  why nope ? 
  maybe it was the goal from the begining ? 
  stay with f-16 it is cheaper and basically does the same as the others . 
  if f-16 is not an option , then grippen . 
  it is cheaper in flyaway cost and maintenance and can supercruise . 
  will it help though ? 
  i do not understand how the situation will improve with tax harmonization . 
  just joking really . 
  they are the worst . 
  well if you are bombed by nato members you don ` t care if some article was invoked or not . 
  ha ha so you are implying no fly zone in syria meant the same ? 
  same diplomatic language , right ? 
   the same international `` laws '' russia breaks all the time ? 
  does not mean you could kill someone you don ` t like , because russia does this too . 
  actually russia did not break international laws before iraq and libya . 
  you were first in this development . 
  and you can surely believe they will tell you the truth , yes . 
  actually we agreed for no fly zone only , not bombing libya . 
  bombing was against all laws like iraq . 
  nah this situation is already decreases gdp growth . 
  people talking about robots like most of the industries are not already automated . 
  only like 20 % of people work in production sector in oecd . 
  the share may not even decrease considering automation will return production of many small goods to wealthier countries . 
  let ` s say the share will be 10 % in 50 years , what difference will it make ? 
  robots will pay for elderly ? 
  the problem is not shrinking population , like who cares ? 
  the problem is growing number of older people and shrinking number of youth . 
  maybe , my initial point that tendecies were the same until end of ww2 , including more liberalization and also kickbacks to autocracy . 
  yes , i know . 
  i don ` t why we are arguing actually , number of losses is irrelevant to my initial point . 
  like any other country . 
   5.3 is germany + all its allies in the east already . 
  you are being mistaken 5.3 it is only german losses with germans conscripted from other parts of europe , not including other axis powers themselves . 
  soviet losses higher yes but not like 4 to 1 , like that guy was saying . 
   8.5 million red army dead is a quite disputed number . 
  it is the smallest reasonable one in my opinion . 
  mean estimate is considerably higher . 
  there are differences yes , but 6.5 millions figure of direct combat losses is the same in many independent studies . 
  russian empire had more or less free press in the beginning of 20 century and was a constitutional monarchy with parliament having a lot of power . 
  it was not really different from france or britain at the time . 
  where do you get you figures from ? 
  it is 5.3 million for germany + 500 hundred thousands to 1 million for other axis powers + 80 to 100 hundred thousands for japan . 
  for soviets is 8.5 million dead , 2 millions of which died in pow camps . 
  so military losses are somewhat comparable . 
  anyway it is not the point of the discussion , the point was one regime survived the other did not . 
  it survived , the other ones did not . 
  maybe success not the right word , but you get the idea . 
   you recovered , but the 26 million dead was far more than was necessary to beat them . 
  you misinterpreting figures actually , 25 million is military + civilian losses , if soviets behaved like nazis on german soil , there would be the same losses . 
  soviet military losses are on par with losses of axis powers . 
   uh you rather won despite the regime , tbh . 
  stalin had made the soviet army quite weak by purging the officer core and the wehrmacht mowed through you like the terrible dreadnaught that it was . 
  you recovered , but the 26 million dead was far more than was necessary to beat them . 
  it is not about effectiveness , it is about the regime that survived . 
  in europe the same regimes died because of ww2 . 
   well it would have had a period where it would have been quite autocratic . 
  but that does not mean that the overall tendency for the last few centuries was not more authoritarian in russia than in the rest of europe . 
  these tendencies in europe and in russia were more or less the same until after ww2 . 
  it is because we won in ww2 and regime stayed proving itself somewhat successful . 
  if hitler won , europe would not be so democratic , that is for sure . 
  and i disagree completely about * in any point in time among the most authoritarian states around * . 
  russian empire was pretty liberal in later half of 19 and the beginning 20 century . 
  they are not that crazy . 
  depends on your defenition of an adequate standard of living . 
  ha ha , you do understand possible consequencies of such actions ? 
  noone in clear mind would do it , even us . 
   even if it was a stunt there is nobody else blame than russia . 
  it is a really strange mentality . 
  the point is she was 10 points ahead on polls and finished 2 points ahead in real life . 
  the same can happen with macron . 
  he will be ahead but not much , because everbody is sure he ` d win and stay home . 
  i understand the math , but saying you are winning by 20 points paints a good picture that is not there . 
  clinton was 10 points ahead by this logic and where is she now ? 
  choosing from 2 candidats is a zero sum game . 
  latest polls are 60 % vs 40 % it is not leading by 20 points , it is leading by 10 points . 
  le pen has a protest vote benefiting from low turnout . 
  if some share of his voters stays at home he may even lose . 
  depends on the turnout . 
  my guess he will win , but not with 20 points for sure . 
  i would say close to 5-10 points . 
  also , he does not have 20 points lead see the figure more closely . 
  well low pay for scientists persists in many countries , not many countries have women to fill the gap , that is the difference . 
  my guess , for the most part it ` s because of low pay , not the soviets . 
  men just do not want to work in science because of the wages . 
  same situation with bus and tramcar drivers . 
  tramcar drivers are almost exclusively women because of low pay ( most tramcars owned and operated by local governments ) . 
  it is about share of management jobs held by women , not owners of business . 
  ziggurat is more likely .
