  ha , as far as remember kosovo was a `` special case '' and set a precedent which crimea [ used ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kosovo_independence_precedent ) . 
   who was kosovo annexed by again ? 
  which country specifically annexed it ? 
  the right to self-determination of kosovo is no different from crimea . 
  if you think kosovo is legal , crimea is legal too . 
   you are aware that there was no option to vote for status quo , right ? 
  all options required either changes to the constitution or annexation . 
  there was not a single option for status quo . 
  none . 
  hardly a referendum when you do n't give people an option to vote for status quo , would n't you agree ? 
  occupation by an aggressive foreign military force aside , of course . 
  it is not true they could vote to stay . 
   in kosovo , there was an attempted genocide . 
  a little different than ukraine , would n't you agree ? 
  it was real genocide of serbian population under nato supervision , after serbian forces were removed . 
  serbs had their crimes in bosnia not in kosovo . 
   nope , not legal at all . 
  annexing territories and waging illegal wars is definitely not `` pretty legal '' . 
  `` morally questinable '' is putting it lightly . 
  especially in the 21st century , especially in europe and the doorstep of the eu . 
  based on syria experience , it seems noone care . 
  annexation is not legal yes , if you consider it annexation . 
  based on kosovo precedent , crimea looks pretty legal . 
  majority voted crimexit . 
   yes , the reasons being that ukraine should be rightfully russian , should not be a sovereign country and should not choose the eu over russia . 
  none of these are legitimate reasons , hence he has to face the consequences . 
  i hope we manage to sanction the russian economy out of existence since russia does not seem to have learned its lessons from the cold war . 
  the right of people to self-determination is a cardinal principle in modern international law . 
  for sure putin does not care of eastern ukraine , but supporting people who vote independence is not illegal . 
  eu and us do this all the time , if you think it is illegal , then kosovo shall be part of serbia and syria intact . 
  ha , why would you consider us your greatest enemy . 
  and how exactly we can hang you , and why would we ? 
   russia is also sending soldiers on vacation to murder ukranians but does n't have the balls and honesty to admit it . 
  not exactly , they train and support rebels , some say even direct them . 
  why not admit , i don ` t know really , it seems pretty legal , although morally questionable . 
   also , the situations are hardly comparable , since there is no `` islamic state of ukraine and crimea '' or something . 
  yeah but us initially supported `` moderate '' rebels . 
  isis was further development . 
   russia has no reason to be in ukraine . 
  depends on your logic , according to putin , there are plenty of reasons to support those guys . 
  maybe try different fuel ? 
  oil for instance ? 
  or coal , there is a lot of coal in europe . 
   you have any proof they are lying ? 
  you have any proof they are not ? 
  and you conveniently left out the thousands of people killed in ukraine . 
  ukranians are killing each other mostly , russia is supplying weapons and intel . 
  like us and turkey in syria . 
   rebels and defectors say the regime also deliberately released militant prisoners to strengthen jihadist ranks at the expense of moderate rebel forces . 
  aha , yes . 
  no way they were telling lies . 
  even if it is true , it does not seem like creating isis , more like pow exchange . 
  again isis was created in iraq and before syrian civil war . 
   when was the last time the eu annexed the territory of another country ? 
  when did the eu start a war that it denies participating in ? 
  i don ` t know , iraq had several hundred thousands to million plus casualties . 
  crimea had one guy dead . 
  maybe it was better to annex it ? 
   you are missing the part where russian-backed assad released the jihadists who created isis . 
  isis would not exist if it were n't for assad . 
  isis is originally from iraq , not syria . 
  how on earth assas could create it ? 
  he had a secular state initially . 
  more like us created it by removing saddam . 
   yes , it has started a war in europe , attacked ukraine for becoming pro-eu and continuing negotiations with the eu . 
  russia also meddles in elections around the eu and tries to destabilize the union , openly claiming that the eu and its values are its enemies . 
  you bet we have barbarians at the gates . 
  true , but if you consider russia a barbarian state for this matter , then eu should be a barbarian state too . 
  it does exactly the same on regular basis . 
  where is the difference ? 
  based on your comment , it seems to go both ways . 
  well , you have barbarians at the gates because of us/eu actions in libya . 
  russia is a threat to ukraine , yes . 
  but how it is a threat to eu ? 
  do you think confrontation is even theoretically possible ? 
  it did not happen 30 years ago , why would it happen now ? 
  because if there are rules , they should be applied to everybody . 
  ok , turkey is not a priority now . 
  when do you think sanctions will be implemented ? 
  a year , maybe two ? 
  they are already annexed it , and it was not an isis territory . 
   they have n't started an illegal war they did help to start it , the only diffrerence it was supported by us , saudi and etc. 
   also , as i mentioned , turkey has to guts to acknowledge it participates in a war against isis the big smile on my face is lighting the whole district right now . 
  turkey never fought isis , they fought against assad . 
  we are talking turkey now . 
  with russia is all clear . 
  but supporting rebels and de facto controlling part of syria with official turkish army is no different from ukraine . 
  why not sanction them ? 
  nah , you first . 
  why not put hillary and barack in jail for supporting rebels/terrorists ? 
  they won ` t do it officially , but they already control it . 
  official vs non-offical is a big difference ? 
  it is in the process of annexing other country 's territory . 
  put in jail is fine too . 
  it is already happened . 
  edit : dah , even obvious truth gets downvoted . 
  there are some sovereign nations selling something to each other , whats the deal with us anyways ? 
  us is in no position to forbid something to another country . 
  especially to eu , an ally and a big economy . 
  as for hacking i do n't really see big problem here , some guy hacked the other guy e-mail , what 's a big deal ?
