probably because turkey fights them in syria . 
  why not have a referendum ? 
  if kurds really want to go , maybe it is better to let them . 
  partly yes , but growth is still poor and natural resources helping to provide low debt and reserves wont last forever . 
  smaller conuntires relying on commodities in their economy are not good example . 
  * first of all they can not legally work * - simply adjust legislation . 
  again i live in moscow and we have like 1,5 - 2 millions migrants in the region alone . 
  they do not speake russian much , but it is not a problem for employers since they go for low paid jobs . 
  for sure if you let them stay and simply provide food and shelter for free you gon na get huge problems . 
  why should you provide them with welfare , healthcare etc for free ? 
  it is a cheap labor , you gon na get economy boost from them . 
  they will pay taxes , get some social benefits in return . 
  actually all countries with universal healthcare i.e. 
  high taxes have poor economic growth and big debt , so it won ` t last forever anyway . 
  turkey has more migrants alone . 
  it is ridiculous to whine about it in europe with 300 + million inhabitants . 
  moscow has about 2 millions migrants and nobody cares . 
  what about kosovo , did you respect borders and treaties ? 
  why would we respect them ? 
  remember libya . 
  no fly zone - everybody agrees - then you fucking bomb them . 
  is this kind of behaviour you want us to utilize ? 
  or you are the only ones having license for breaking the law ? 
  * georgia had a majority georgian population at the end of ussr everywhere before ethnic cleansing . 
  it is ridiculous how many breakaway countries russia creates with their nonstop quest to constantly take more land and grow before collapsing over and over again . 
  * osetians live in osetia , abhazians in abhazia for christ 's sake !, 
  etnhic cleansing was more to do with them from georgians than vice versa . 
  you don ` t know what you talking about . 
  a few paid rebels - exactly what happened in east ukraine . 
  libya was bombed by nato and you guys control nato who is more to blame i don ` t care . 
  * iraq is actually free now with a democracy * yes democray but us has control stake . 
  why actual annexation is so bad in this case ? 
  east ukraine is practically russia , it was added to ukraine to drag them to ussr in the 30-s and crimea was later added because of geography . 
  nobody in clear mind would have thought that it will be a state , it was purely administrative . 
  the same story with georgians , their communist party was influential within ussr so they added osetia and abhazia to georgia . 
  considering that abhazia , osetia and crimea is pro russian , crimea is russan per se , our politics for securing the borders are more justified than you guys bombing hell out of iraq and libya . 
  not to mentions us dragging georgia to nato and etc. 
  yeah , until recently cuba , and it was indeed invaded but unsuccessfuly . 
  also , more than 50 years of sanctions for no reason , i.e. 
  lost of significant % of gdp growth , excessive deaths and etc. 
  iraq invaded - puppet state . 
  libya invaded puppet - state . 
  and it is only since the ussr fell . 
  full list is [ longer ] ( http://academic.evergreen.edu/g/grossmaz/interventions.html ) . 
  my point is , that it is not for americans to teach us . 
  in front of you guys stalin seems like a nice dude . 
  creation of puppet states is not really better, 
  haha look who 's talking . 
  we just want everybody to be part of our country to be friends ... 
  actually we repaid our debts after , and now we have cash reserves like 2 year budgets . 
  read wiki after 1998-1999 . 
  yeah but the president who supposed to be a dictator is elected , so it is not a dictatorship either . 
  as far as i understand supreme leader can intervene if the politcs do not comply with the religious standards fixed in the constitution . 
  venezuela is more or less democracy , strange one but still . 
  iran is interesting , it has an elected president and parliament but supreme leader is not elected . 
  no fly zone means nato military intervention in libya . 
  good for you . 
  hugo chavez , iran also . 
  support is a support . 
  basically your government is ok with us killing people with no real reasons and sometimes helps as you pointed out . 
  rubbish ? 
  i thought there were leaked official documents . 
  finland did not participate only by [ accident ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iraq_leak ), 
  like 80 % of europe supported the invasion . 
  edit : come on guys , stop downvoting and use [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/governmental_positions_on_the_iraq_war_prior_to_the_2003_invasion_of_iraq#countries_supporting_the_u.s._position ), 
  yeah but it will be smooth change allowing other industries to keep up . 
  yep, 
  hardly , 20 % of russian energy comes from renewables . 
  source - i am russian . 
  and i am right . 
  because economy more important , that was all i said . 
  and it is clever . 
  cheap commodities imported from russia ? 
  for sure it is not the end of the world , but considering finnish exports it will hurt them badly . 
  imports also . 
  commodities for low price are important too . 
  everything is political , especially trade and investments . 
  considering who is the president in russia , certainly prevents . 
  look at ukraine more closely , the main problem with their economy is not war but embargo . 
  actually it is not changed that much . 
  source : i am russian . 
  finland is not in nato and probably never be since it is strongly dependant on russian economy . 
  radical no , conservative - why not ? 
  fillon was popular , islam and christianity have similar conservative values . 
  more like 6-8 % . 
  african americans are about 10-12 % of us population and still obama was voted in . 
  it is totally possible . 
  haha why do you think it is provocative ? 
  if you have big muslim population , you can have a muslim candidate . 
  i can totally see a person of tatar descent winning popular vote in russia , same can happen in france or germany . 
  i am aware of my country state of affairs , so what ? 
  why so ? 
  in my mind i am a sensible , intelligent and ethical person . 
  yet, 
  nah , just staying away from nato . 
  there is not so much high tech in finland our government would want . 
  na , if you are the only one buying for that price , it is a direct subsidy . 
  if you buy way lower than the market it is a subsidy . 
  finland government just does not like to talk about it . 
  there is a difference for generally cheap and cheaper than for other countries .
