indeed . 
  also , his party 's name is a pun in greek . 
  the translation of `` party '' in greek is `` komma '' , which is the same word used for , well , `` comma '' , and `` teleia '' means `` dot '' . 
  it 's not even the next government . 
  other than varoufakis and a couple other dissidents it 's the same people on top . 
  our * government * is afraid of that . 
  the people , not quite as much . 
  i 'm sure you 're no stranger to a government not accurately representing the will of the people . 
  it 's an older poll , back there we were still optimistic about the eu . 
  i 'd bet results would be somewhat different now . 
  only the guy with the debt mountain is pleading to be allowed to default , while the banks say no , you will get a new credit card and then you 'll just have to work harder to pay them all off !, 
  greece does n't get the 80 billion all at once . 
  it 's in increments , payable only after a troika valuation certifies that the reforms were implemented succesfully . 
  and since the reforms can not be implemented succesfully , i give it six months at most . 
  when greece first entered the program , our debt was about 130 % of gdp . 
  now , after five years of austerity , it 's at 170 % , soon to cross the 200 % mark . 
  but the debt in absolute numbers has hardly rised . 
  what new loans we 've taken have largely been spend in paying off older loans , just like this one . 
  it 's just that austerity has collapsed the gdp , and thus the debt-to-gdp ratio has taken a hike . 
  greece pulls in 33 % of gdp as taxes , germany pulls about 36 % . 
  germany spends more per capita on its social and pension system , though i do n't quite remember the numbers at the moment . 
  these are absolutely not greece 's largest problems . 
  according to doctored polls that have been wrong about everything in the past three years at least . 
  there is no reason to believe they 're right this time . 
  i 'm not do sure about that large majority . 
  the polls here are not to be trusted . 
  polls in greece are ridiculously unreliable . 
  they 've been wrong about everything in the past 3 years . 
  for instance , all of them insisted even a couple hours before the official results of the referendum were announced that . 
  either `` yes '' would win outright , or `` no '' would get 52 % . 
  `` no '' ended up with 61.5 % . 
  no one should trust tgat what they 're saying is accurate . 
  syriza may yet split , but they 've managed not to so far . 
  no one wants to be seen as bringing down the `` first left government '' . 
  and that parliament seat is too sweet to risk with such maneuvers ... nd is done for . 
  it has aligned itself completely with the failed european governments , and it represents the oligarchs and state corruption . 
  there 's no way they can regain the support they 've lost . 
  i really hate it , but the nazis are the loudest voice against the european-inflicted lunacy . 
  as opposed to selling off what 's left of the country 's valuable properties , cutting pensions and taxing even more the already overtaxed people ? 
  yeah , i 'm sure this will go well . 
  grexit is the best solution currently offered , yes . 
  unfortunately , i no longer think the current governemt is capable of such a plan . 
  do n't worry , your analysis is spot on , unfortunately ... 
  june 2018 ? 
  you are too optimistic . 
  i give it six months at most . 
  the only other option are the communists , stuck in a different era on a different world , and small parties that have never made it into the parliament . 
  it 's been everyone 's fear for a while that if syriza failed , the next contender for power would be golden dawn . 
  looks like that fear will be realised ... 
  the polls have consistently been wrong in everything for the past three years . 
  they predicted `` yes '' would have a 52-48 lead in referendum , even a couple hours before the official result was announced . 
  how sure are you that portugal has escaped the crisis ? 
  from what i 've heard things are n't all that rosy there either . 
  tourists also do n't like being unable to pay for their vacation . 
  this tourist season has gone to hell ever since the banks closed , and it 's worsening every day . 
  creditors demand parliament passes laws before they can start discussing about refinancing loans coming due soon . 
  laws are against everything syriza stands for , and against the results of the recent referendum . 
  laws are passed anyway , with support from the opposition . 
  they do , but the party structure is much more rigid here . 
  it was always been the case that there can be no disagreements within the party . 
  i do n't know about other parliaments , but in greece not toeing the party line has always meant that you either resign your parliament seat , or get ejected from the party . 
  this is the first time i can remember that this has n't happened, 
  there 's no debt relief on the table though ... 
   after the fact , i just hope that our government does the best it can to implement everything our partners demanded of us so when things reach crisis levels again , there wo n't be any talks about `` greece '' not wanting to reform and such hahahahaha , you really think that this program 's failure will * not * be blamed on the greek government ? 
  that the germans will admit they erred and what they proposed could never have worked ? 
  no , i 'm calling it now : six months from now we 'll be in the exact same spot , with the germans and their lackeys blaming everything on those damn lazy greeks who ate the money of the hardworking german taxpayer . 
  and we will have nothing more to offer to avoid being unceremoniously thrown off the euro . 
  `` yes '' could 've never won . 
  the greek people are sick and tired of policies that serve only to worsen their lives and put the country into a deepening hole . 
  the capital controls and fear of the unknown gave `` yes '' some sort of momentum , but it quickly evaporated under everyone 's disgust with the major channels ' naked propaganda , and with every single corrupt , useless and slimy politician throwing their weight behind `` yes '' . 
  of course , in the end it did n't matter for the current government . 
  but at least we know what the people actually want now , unfiltered by the poll companies ' interests . 
  that `` 70 % want to stay in the euro '' thing comes from the same poll companies that gave `` yes '' the lead in the week leading to the referendum , and whose final prediction was 52-48 `` no '' just a couple hours before the official , 62 % `` no '' . 
  they 've been wrong in every single thing in the past three years . 
  take their numbers with a grain of salt . 
  capital controls will not end anytime soon . 
  they lasted for 2 years in cyprus , and the situation there was n't quite as bad . 
  few years ? 
  i give it six months , at most . 
  how would you feel if yes had won in a landslide , and instead of respecting it tsipras went and gave europe the finger ? 
  for some reason i doubt you 'd be all that calm either . 
  and no , no voters did not act mostly following their emotions . 
  hard logic is not the sole privilege of those who agree with you . 
  hard logic says the numbers do n't add up , and the third program will fail just like the first two . 
  and at some point , maybe with the fourth program , maybe even later , we 'll run out of things to give and we 'll have to exit the euro . 
  only the situation will be even worse by then . 
  the following are my views , and the views of people i talked to . 
  i do n't claim to represent everyone . 
   did people understand the consequences of voting no ? 
  the people understood the consequences of voting no . 
  the greek media , all opposition parties and most european officials kept hammering home that no means no to europe and the euro . 
  and we still voted no . 
   did they really believe what tsipras said about better negotiating hand ? 
  kinda ? 
  some did , some thought it was bullshit . 
  could n't tell you which was more widespread . 
   did they believe varoufakis and the whole banks opening in two days ? 
  hell no . 
  only people who voted yes expected the banks to open anytime soon . 
   do they feel betrayed now or understand that nothing else could have happened ?
