  in the later years debt repayments ratchet up from merely improbable , to ludicrously unrealistic . 
  it is , at best , a temporary reprieve from interest . 
  and two , we have already been in a program , approved by the imf , for five years now . 
  as a result of that recently expired program , gdp has shrunk by 25 % , unemployment is at 25 % , and youth unemployment ( which i personally care about the most ) is at 60 % . 
  there is absolutely no reason to assume that 15 more years of the current recipe will work any better . 
  when greece was first `` rescued '' , the debt ratio was at ~ 130 % . 
  even if the imf 's estimates somehow prove to be true this time , we 'll have suffered for 20 years just to reach a slightly better situation than when we started . 
  and at that rate , we 'll need another 20 years of miracles to have a barely sustainable debt by 2050 . 
  that does n't sound that good to me . 
  it 's almost exactly the same , with the only difference being that vat in hotels is 13 % in the later version , and 23 % in this one . 
  meh , polls always want to please whoever commisioned them . 
  i 'm not saying the first poll is right , only that it 's not as incompetent in its doctoring as you claimed . 
  only if you add `` unidentified vote '' to the total . 
  the party numbers add up to 100 . 
  or because the sources disagree with their preconceived notions . 
  true . 
  if you were to ask for `` turkish '' coffee though ... 
  just to clarify , this guy is a a golden dawn neonazi scum . 
  and this video does n't contain his speech , in which he called the turks more than just `` wild dogs '', 
  our elections are a joke . 
  not one party supports leaving the euro , even after the referendum . 
  because even in a camp their life would be better than what they get back home . 
  because they might be able to escape from the camp and blend in . 
  because they do n't know just how difficult it 'll be to reach the life they dream of , and they still have hope . 
  as long as they have hope , you ca n't stop them from coming . 
  these people do n't come to europe because of a `` promise of free cash and house '' . 
  they come here because they see the europeans live much better than themselves , and want a better life . 
  if such thing as welfare migration exists , it 's a tiny , tiny minority . 
  but i do n't believe it does . 
  the right in the us and uk have said the same things about `` welfare queens '' in order to justify cutting benefits to the poor . 
  this is not so different . 
  yes, 
  it works , more or less , in australia not because they publicly said anything , but because they intercept the smuggler 's boats in the middle of the sea , and send them to an island away from australia , where they 're processed and ca n't just cross by themselves . 
  our seas and islands are n't big enough for this to be feasible . 
  they do n't go to these countries because these countries * suck * . 
  and unless europe commits to sucking just as much , they 'll keep coming . 
  slim hope of a better life beats no hope at all . 
  then build refugee camps in other european countries as well . 
  these people will keep coming , and greece does not have infinite space . 
  even if we turn the country into a giant refugee camp , it will still get overwhelmed eventually . 
  then there is no hope . 
  most are happy as long as these people are someone else 's problem . 
  you are seriously underestimating just how much people are going to risk for a chance at better life for them and their children . 
  they already pay fortunes to smugglers that might drown them in the mediterranean . 
  how much worse can it get than that ? 
  people will still cling to hope . 
  a chance at better life in europe will be worth the danger for them , no matter how small it is . 
  ideally yeah , but since everyone objects to redistribution , refugee camps will turn into a permanent `` solution '' . 
  this is a terrible article . 
  there 's no way the average salary in greece jumped by almost 200 euros , after the implosion of our banks , the capital controls and all that . 
  the article 's source is frigging wikipedia , whose sources are an online applet that calculates taxes and ... that very article . 
  the circle is now complete . 
  but the eu needs to do that as a whole . 
  greece ca n't do it on its own . 
  and do you see europe agreeing on anything like that anytime soon ? 
  and these area want them just as much as you do . 
  how would you propose to send them there ? 
  turkey wants them just as much as you do . 
  how would you propose to send them back there ? 
  you mean the `` hotspots '' being set up as we speak , that will really serve as permanent refugee camps because no one will take the migrants in ? 
  the `` hotspots '' that will solve nothing because they will be overwhelmed in days leading to the exact same situation we are now ? 
  the `` hotspots '' that are completely irrelevant to the conversation since that guy was talking about military spending ? 
  but how will kicking greece out of schengen help , exactly ? 
  none of these countries are a part of schengen . 
  greece being in schengen has absolutely nothing to do with their ability to control their borders , or lack thereof . 
  and what does macedonia 's name have to do with anything ? 
  i agree it 's called macedonia , but it 's completely irrelevant . 
  i did n't mean to say it was gd 's fault , just that its existence was another , better indicator of far-right extremism in greek society . 
  how will kicking greece out of schengen help , exactly ? 
  greece shares no land borders with a schengen country . 
  you mean start shooting at the boats ? 
  that we can do , most definitely . 
  there 's just that pesky matter of international laws and basic human decency though . 
   please , someone tell me we are offering greece help too , other than fontex and building more facilities ? 
  hahahahahahahahahaha, 
  i think you know the answer is zero , and likely to stay that way . 
  golden dawn does exist , after all . 
  pardon the assumption , but you look like a european citizen , do n't you ? 
  by which i mean not necessarily blond and blue-eyed , but fair-skinned , clean and confident ? 
  because the police aggressively profiles those checked , and if you look like an immigrant , you can not just stroll into a ferry . 
  there are many immigrants stuck in patras and the other port cities , trying , and failing , to smuggle themselves aboard a ferry . 
  it 's kind like the situation on calais , on a vastly smaller scale . 
  some of them succeed , probably . 
  the vast majority still crosses through the land borders in the north though . 
  indeed . 
  as you say , i 've seen this first-hand . 
  but people do not change easily . 
  they 've proven it time and again . 
  even here , even now , they would still make the same mistake in case of an election . 
  the change you speak of may happen , but it would be a slow process . 
  until then we are stuck with what we have , and i 'm afraid the eu may not have the time . 
  once again , i agree . 
  well , i stand corrected . 
  in greece there used to be similar perceptions of albanians , but they have shifted over the years . 
  though the arrival of more foreign people from the east has sped that progress along . 
  agreed . 
  but i do n't see the situation changing , at least regarding general willingness to help . 
  you assume people want to share the burden , while most would be perfectly happy to have it fall on a few countries , so long as those countries are not their own . 
  yes , of course !, 
  who would n't ?
