  most , perhaps all , feel betrayed now , yes . 
  and something else could and should have happened : grexit  did they think that the spectre of grexit was just fearmongering without basis ? 
  grexit was real , or at least we thought so . 
  it 's just that we did n't , and still do n't , think its consequences would be as apocalyptic as they were portrayed . 
  and it remains the only choice that offers some hope of recovery down the line . 
   was it just hope ? 
  a delusion ? 
  did they believe anything good would come from the referendum or was it about believing ? 
  it was hope . 
  we did believe something good could come from the referendum , namely an end to the death spiral we 've been into for the past five years . 
  turns out it was all a delusion , and the referendum mattered to no one in power . 
  do n't worry , it 's a valid question . 
  and yes , it would be safe to assume that i 've moved further to the left . 
  the problem has absolutely not been solved . 
  i do n't know when the first evaluation of the new program 's effectiveness will be , but i can guarantee none of its goals will have been reached , and the debt will remain inservicable . 
  four months might be too optimistic , this government may not survive july . 
  we need money to pay our debt . 
  default on that debt and we do n't need more austerit . 
  we just ca n't do that within the eurozone . 
  the option existed then , and it exists now : grexit . 
  i used to be a syriza supporter , and i 'm totally for replacing the euro with our own currency . 
  from what i 've heard , though not from current syriza supporters , reasons for staying in the eurozone boil down to three arguements : a ) it would result in total collapse of the greek economy , and perhaps its society . 
  the effect would be worse than even endless austerity . 
  b ) we absolutely need to print our own money , but the current government would mishandle it completely , leading us to a. 
  c ) changing currency is not the solution , what we need to do is [ insert favourite economic or social reform here ] . 
  nope , no such poll that i know of . 
  though i 'd wager a significant number of people did not read them , if for no other reason than they were only available online . 
  polls around here are completely unreliable anyway , they 've been wrong in everything in the past 3 years that i 've been paying attention . 
  last sunday , for example , a few hours before the 61 % `` no '' was officially announced , polls gave the result at 52-48 , with a margin of error of 5 % and some companies even giving it to yes . 
  you guys have the right idea . 
  get out while you still can !, 
   you and i have a different outlook on government then . 
  apparently . 
  i do not believe that the people are toddlers , to be coddled by the adult in charge . 
  we have , or should have , a government of the people , by the people , and the people must be heard . 
  otherwise it 's all smoke and mirrors to distract the masses from the fact that they do not control their own destiny . 
  is that what you advocate for ? 
  assuming that the hypothetical people knowingly vote for a hypothetical party actively campaigning on `` nuke all arabs '' , twice , then that same party should nuke all arabs after it forms a government . 
  that hypothetical party reversing course does not mean they suddenly saw reason , but that they were only interested in seizing power and were willing to lie blatantly in order to do so . 
  and again , why hold elections at all if we should ignore the people 's will when it is convenient ? 
  and why would a proven liar be fit to decide that the people should be ignored ? 
  no he should n't ignore the will of the people . 
  the people have made their wishes * very explicit * , twice . 
  if the government is supposed to ignore them , why hold elections at all ? 
  let 's just have someone appointed from abroad , and do away with those costly distractions . 
  yes , i would have preferred an exit from the euro . 
  and so would , i believe , most of those who voted no at the referendum . 
  there 's no doubt it would be chaotic , and the situation would get worse . 
  but there would be hope that at some point things would get better , while endless austerity promises only a slow death . 
  final tally : 2 voted no , 8 abstained , 7 were absent and 15 more signed a letter that they disagree with the proposal , but voted yes in order to not bring down the government . 
  but that may not be avoidable , 145 mps of the ruling coalition voted yes and 151 are needed to maintain a majority . 
  there are quite a few possibilities , some of them bordering on `` conspiracy theory '' territory . 
  personally , i think he never expected europe to be so unyielding and he failed to prepare for the possibility of grexit . 
  it is the most charitable interpretation , though perhaps not the most realistic . 
  exactly . 
  the media and every single party other than syriza drilled us that no in the referendum means no to the euro and perhaps no to europe . 
  every single one of us who voted no had it in the back of his or her mind that europe may not back down , and we were willing to accept the consequences . 
  myself , as well as the people 've i talked to , thought that was the whole point of the referendum : syriza was initially elected on the promise that they 'd negotiate and end to austerity , and keep us in the eurozone . 
  and when it turned out that doing both might be impossible , which one would the greek people prefer . 
  and we overwhelmingly voted for no more austerity , no matter what . 
  same here . 
  those who did not approve the new memorandum are the only syriza mps with some integrity left . 
  there 's no reason not to . 
  it 's their proposal , more or less . 
  congratulations europe , looks like you 'll be getting your pound of flesh . 
  see you in six months . 
  no , they are n't . 
  it 's the same proposal we voted no to , with only some very minor differences . 
  i feel syriza has betrayed us , much like all previous governments . 
  things will be tough for sure . 
  probably worse than even now . 
  but at least there ' ll be hope that in 10 or 20 years we 'll have a working country . 
  the alternative , endless austerity , offers no such prospect . 
  they are sadly misinformed . 
  the local media , owned 100 % by the greek oligarchs , have been running a nonstop campaign of terror , and the foreign media have bought it hook line and sinker . 
  the supermarkets are normally stocked . 
  there has been no rush to stock up on essentials . 
  life continues more or less as usual , other than the lines on atms . 
  people are worried , but only a fool would n't be . 
  and no one outside the tv is panicking yet . 
  `` for this reason , in the degree that it is possible , the poll 's / social dynamic in favor of yes should be represented as increasing by the poll companies , namely it should be apparent that there is a dynamic - current in favor of yes that is stable . 
  just not with similar percentages , because the people remain suspicious against the pollsters . 
  they consider them part of the system . 
  on the other hand , on friday 3/7 , which is the last day the law allows measurements to be published , a complete supremacy of yes should be depicted , that will not be disputable , but will neither allow complacency . 
  a difference that ranges from 5 to 10 degrees , depending on the company . 
  we should note that in similar foreign polls yes is usually underrepresented . '', 
  nothing . 
  nothing at all . 
  this proposal has absolutely no difference to the ones our previous governments have been signing for the past five years . 
  and that exactly is the problem . 
  the previous proposals have failed , miserably . 
  syriza was elected based on the promise that they would be able to negotiate something better , and keep greece in the eurozone . 
  they were unable to do so , and thus can not fulfill their promise . 
  so they ask the people what they 'd prefer : abandon the negotiations , and accept any cost to keep the euro ? 
  or continue asking for a better deal , even at the risk of leaving the eurozone ? 
  that 's the only truth . 
  we can only hope for the best for everyone . 
  and i somewhat agree with you . 
  the current `` kind '' of debt is indeed easier to sustain , and that article 's program would indeed be pretty good if it were to start now . 
  there are two points against though : one , even under the proposed program , the current easeness of payments will not last forever .
