you do know that the british government does n't set taxes for overseas territories right ? 
  or crown dependencies . 
  the main responsibilities are over foreign policy and defence . 
  also uk taxes will probably normalise around 20pc i doubt they will ever get near 12.5 pc . 
  there is no doubt that irelands tax model is built around taking international taxes from other jurisdictions . 
  apple google or amazon would not base their operations in ireland if the tax subsidy was removed . 
  they would almost definitely all move to london . 
  its not like any big international firm bases themselves in ireland to capture irish business . 
  the point is that scots dont prioritse themselves over other eu students . 
  it only discriminates against rest of the uk students . 
  i do n't know what you are talking about - barclays and mfglobal ? 
  most other european countries - france , spain , iceland , germany , greece , cyprus , italy have far worse examples of bad behavior from banks . 
  the uk actually has the strongest and most respected financial regulation regime in europe , and one of the best in the world . 
  globally it is considered only second to the federal reserve ( + occ , cftc , dfs etc. ) . 
  people often cite the uk challenge to the bonus regime as an issue . 
  however , there are several legitimate reasons for this challenge which the treasury outlined . 
  the ec has not responded to these points . 
  also i would point out that the uk has proposed the toughest bonus clawback regime in the world ( 7 years clawback ) , this goes far beyond anything else in europe . 
  the financial transaction tax has significant issues ( see sweden ) . 
  the uk also already has other taxes in place ( share tax ) which do a similar job better . 
  the problem with a lot of european financial policy which the uk ends up opposing ( bonuses , ftt etc. 
  ) , is that it is done on the basis of populism instead of sound economic policy . 
  part of the reason for this is that london has a large concentration of european finance activity . 
  so other european countries do not have the experience and knowledge of regulating and managing financial services . 
  this makes it simpler for them to push for populist but ineffective policies in this area . 
  but does n't the ep have its own president/speaker ? 
  also seperately am i correct in understanding the ep and ec both have the right to originate legislation ? 
  just to be clear ec = european commission . 
  apologies for any confusion . 
  errr , i never mentioned anything about tax in my post ?? 
  however , as you 've mentioned it , bonuses are subject to regular income tax , not capital gains tax . 
  assuming the bonus is in the form of regular cash as opposed to share options etc. 
  this varies between banks and what level the employee is at within the organisation . 
  the bonus cap does have a bearing on the pay , as banks will switch to increase salaries to compensate for the lower bonuses . 
  that is bad as salaries are a fixed cost and can not be altered easily . 
  i have no idea what you mean by your charity analogy . 
  i mentioned the motiviations as i think they are suspicious , given the obvious flaws in the concept . 
  the reason i mentioned the motiviation and the reason it is important is because that is a bad way of making policy . 
  all policy should be clearly evidence based . 
  that is hardly a controversial view . 
  the clawback provision in bonuses is also important . 
  if you have a trader who breaches internal rules for example , it is easier to clawback their bonus than to seek a court judgement against them . 
  so in response , a ) i think that the accusation is a reasonable deduction based on the evidence . 
  b ) i have explained in more detail why i think it is a bad idea . 
  the actual hmt filing lists 6 reasons i believe . 
  the cap is completely counter productive . 
  it raises fixed costs . 
  in addition , you cant claw back salaries like bonuses . 
  they should just have shareholders vote at agm 's on the bonus pot . 
  essentially the only reason this is being done is that it is good pr , and financial services arent as important to some of the other eu countries . 
  on a fact basis the cap itself is fundementally illogical . 
  we are screwed . 
  seriously . 
  there are far more rest of uk nationals working in scotland than those from the eu . 
  similarly funding from westminster far exceeds eu funding to scotland . 
  scotland trades 4x more with the uk than the rest of the eu . 
  i just do n't see how remaining in the eu but outside the uk leads to those gaps being replaced . 
  in short the degree of interconnectedness between scotland and the uk is far higher than with the eu . 
  just my 2 pence . 
  whilst i agree circumstances have changed , i do n't recall seeing any data suggesting the eu was a large factor in anyone 's vote . 
  so i do n't really think the logic follows, 
  did n't cameron say a freeze accounting for inflation as in no above inflation rises ? 
  `` we will not accept an increase , above inflation , to the eu budget '', 
  i ca n't tell if you 're being sarcastic or not , but that does n't qualify as respect . 
  the ` attitude ' might feel ukip , but that does n't detract away from the actual argument for a freeze itself . 
  this is the thing , everyone is saying the british are creating problems in eu politics . 
  in reality most of the things we have requested are relatively sensible or if its related to powers they do not have a material impact on other eu member states . 
  a freeze makes logical sense , people should n't reject it just because they find the people proposing it disagreeable . 
  i personally think cameron comes across as a tool most of the time , however by pushing for a freeze rather than a cut he has shown intelligence in recognising the reality of the situation . 
  it makes sense from an economic standpoint . 
  as i said before they should also alter the distribution of the budget , but france wo n't back down on that . 
  hollande is suffering from low popularity so he needs the support of farmers . 
  all of the countries are playing politics , but blaming the british and trying to get them to veto works in many peoples favour . 
  that 's a pretty cynical view of the situation but i do n't think its far from the truth . 
  what exactly is wrong with the british position on the budget ? 
  i do n't get why everyone on this sub from continental europe goes nuts anytime this topic is brought up . 
  freezing the eu budget makes sense when there are huge national spending cuts happening in europe . 
  i think if you asked voters across the eu whether they wanted to freeze , cut , or extend their eu budget contribution the freeze option would win by a large margin . 
  secondly i do n't get why france is somehow not seen as being difficult . 
  they have threatened to veto any changes to cap , the budget distribution to cap is completely outdated it should be moved towards research and development instead . 
  no , my reasoning is that if greece left the euro zone it would probably end up leaving the eu as well . 
  i doubt other eu members would want greece in the schengen area . 
  i think the main focus here is on greece , if they defaulted they may be kicked out of the eu . 
  in which case they would n't have the freedom of movement rights they have currently , so the uk could take measures to prevent an in-surge . 
  the thing is , in good times this usually is n't an issue as when other countries are doing well there is less of an incentive to come to the uk . 
  as europe is in economic difficulty in general , the uk presents more opportunities ( even if it is stagnating at the moment , the monetary control gives the uk greater economic control ) . 
  to be honest i think they should leave the rules as they currently are for now . 
  it does seem prudent though to examine how greece will be treated if it defaults and exits the eu though . 
  to put this in context , germany and several other european states have already said they do not want massive rises in the eu budget and would veto them as well . 
  nothing new here . 
  i do n't think the west lothian question is actually a valid question . 
  as far as i am aware the snp instructs it 's members to not vote on english only matters . 
  other mps in scotland / wales/northern ireland do the same thing . 
  in a way it 's indirectly created an english parliament . 
  you seem to have your facts wrong . 
  the levels of immigration from non-eu countries is being severely restricted . 
  this isnt anything to do with eu solidarity . 
  the uk does n't want any country to leave the euro , it is not in our economic or political interest . 
  the focus on greece is obvious , it is the closest to default out of the other euro zone nations . 
  as i stated before it makes complete logical sense to put in place contingency planning around this issue .
