our mountains were definitely the high points . 
  yugonostalgia is also a thing in slovenia . 
  i expected this . 
  i love this movie . 
  yugoslavia had game of thrones going on in the 90 's , before it was cool . 
  4th of july i guess, 
  i only ever buy bottled water for the bottle . 
  split for the pula . 
  [ laughs in romanian ], 
  you . 
  i like you . 
  nicely written , thanks . 
  slovenia = alpine serbia or so i 'm told so you 're still involved and it 's all your fault . 
  there you go . 
  honestly idk why i wrote island , brainfart . 
  i 've learned recently that bodensee and lake constance are the same island . 
  why are all the croats itt getting so upset when they clearly do n't believe the arbitration court means nothing to them ( as they are so keen to point out ) ? 
  melania 's parents live in new york . 
  edit : wtf why do i know that ? 
  haha penis . 
  it is n't but you should watch it , great movie . 
  oh nice , two of them i have n't heard yet !, 
  definitely . 
  make sure to stop in slovenia while on your way to the balkans . 
  diplomats are notorious for parking anywhere and not paying the fines . 
  if he were to put a red arm on instead he would be unrecognizable !, 
  you need to read [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/venetic_theory ) for the lulz . 
  ( unofficial theory but some nationalists do believe it ) . 
  or maybe that is the point . 
  we are so irrelevant noone bothers to research and find something offensive ... which ironically is a trigger by itself ? 
  :d / conspiracy, 
  been wondering that too . 
  french flag ? 
  possibly because we 're the only country ( outisde of france ) that has a monument dedicated to the french people ? 
  :d i mean , in retrospect we did kind of enjoy the french occupation during napoleon times , considering we were always part of other countries and the french seem the most permissive of them all . 
  edit : seems we 've been absorbed into greater croatia . 
  huh . 
  not really triggered to be honest . 
  man i love that song . 
  die \u00c4rtze and die toten hosen are the best . 
  anything by [ ben garrison ] ( http://grrrgraphics.com/index.html ) ( american right-leaning cartoonist ) . 
  edit : i get it people he is righter-er than just right * leaning * . 
  i score 2/4 . 
  what, 
  and napoleon was a real person :o :o, 
  lower case m looks so much like rn . 
  gives the word a whole different meaning !, 
  in croatian it means a cat !, 
  i like to think of slovenia as the place where the balkans and central europe meet . 
  the interview movie https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rkykpbskgk, 
  hey you 're looking at the wars wrong !, 
  ours was short because we are sooo much bettter at * warring * !, 
  self-deception ^ is ^ not ^ a ^ thing, 
  born too late to explore the earth . 
  born too early to explore the space . 
  born just in time to experience meme wars . 
  what a time to be alive . 
  there are landlocked countries that have navies anyway . 
  albanians , really ? 
  i am the palace . 
  because it made me spend money and time . 
  :p it was a tongue-in-cheek comment , do n't think too much into it . 
  plenty of other things keep me awake at night . 
  it got me into so much media that i otherwise would n't have been exposed to so probably not . 
  i regret piracy i partook in as a teenager . 
  it got me hooked to so many game/movie/tv franchises that i now own originally . 
  komissar rex was austrian . 
  but apparantly is now an italian show . 
  they have a claim but are not actively pursuing it . 
  gibraltar is only ever mentioned in politics to divert attention from any internal issues that are going on at the time . 
  also common to leave a space before a punctuation mark !, 
  motivation ? 
  the fact that you find it easier to connect with other people , learn culture , news and joke with them . 
  i speak three fluently , learning two others , one at decent conversational level , other at a tourist level at the moment . 
  i am not good at learning trough books ( besides using basic conjugation tables ) , i prefer to immerse ad much as i can without actually being in another country - duolingo/memrise , using subtitles in the language i wanttl to learn/watching movies in that language , changing language on phone/pc ( lot of trial and error ) , music . 
  feels like i am learning without actually studying . 
  just say you hate politics . 
  whether you voted for him or not this should be your go-to response . 
  whenever i talk about that with dutch people they do n't seem to really care if their country is called holland either ... and when askes where they are from they also answer holland . 
  i ca n't get my hand around ut ... guessing they just do n't want hassle of explaining the differences ? 
  idk, 
  zvitorepec , maybe ? 
  we are taught in school that maria theresa issues a decree making farmers seed more potatoes and averting a famine . 
  i do n't know how much about that is true but we even have statues in her honor for that very reason ... 
  i hear you 're a racist now father, 
  if you start a chat in broken german , they will start speaking english , usually . 
  i love those . 
  slovenia can into central europe !, 
  oh look a church on an island, 
  sweet popcorn ( caramel ) is common in a lot of countries but i 've never been fond of it . 
  swabian sounds cute to me though . 
  stati inu obstati , phrase used by primo\u017e trubar ( protestant priest ) in the 16th century in one of his works . 
  a more apt translation might be to exist and persevere , but i like mine better . 
  do you just mean exyu , not balkans ? 
  anyway we 're fine up here in the north , not harboring any ill feelings towards anyone else . 
  we have some border disputes with croatia but nothing major . 
  people still visit it yearly . 
  facebook , i guess ? 
  i know instagram is also used , twitter by politicians . 
  and there was this thing like 15 years ago glasujzame.com ( lit .
