oh yeah ... well ... shit . 
  i 'm a terrible excuse for a dutch person . 
  we did plant a lot of trees when we needed lumber for our ships to sail to the indies though . 
  quite a few forests have shipbuilding origins . 
  when i lived near the border and was a student , i 'd get a lot of hushed whispered `` where 's the coffeeshop ? 
  '' , which was only a dumb question because it was generally asked at or near the trainstation , from which you can see a coffeeshop . 
  and there 's no need to whisper . 
  one time , i was asked to point out the rijksmuseum ( on a map of amsterdam ) to people in [ giethoorn ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/giethoorn ) , where i was playing tourguide for some other foreign friends . 
  my answer of `` about 150km that way '' was not appreciated . 
  as a dutch person , this is depressing ... 
   if we have jeans or courthouses in ireland . 
  i did n't know you had to pick one or the other ... 
  it 's not european , but i think australian money is really nice . 
  it 's coloured up the to edge , so they 're easy to identify . 
  and they made all bills the same height , but different lengths , so the big bills do n't hide the little ones , and they always fit easily in cash registers . 
  i think they toss your jail for saying that in turkey . 
  pretty sure it was an architect , those design elements have no structural purpose at all . 
  i actually liked the updated guilder ones more . 
  they only got halfway through , you can see which ones are `` old '' , when they stopped because of the euro : https://assets.catawiki.nl/assets/2012/12/25/a/5/9/a59924a0-30d5-0130-5f1c-005056945a4e.jpg, 
  partly . 
  the other part is that paying farmers not to farm certain bits of land , means you 'll have a `` strategic reserve '' of farmland just laying ready that you can use in case of emergency . 
  same for the netherlands really . 
  you just need to file some nonstandard things like if you recently bought a house or got money from abroad or something . 
  the dutch one is nice in that it is mostly pre-filled if you 're not self-employed , and it really is super easy for private person to fill out , because everything has an info box explaining what is and is n't covered in that specific number . 
  to downplay that 2nd one a bit : the netherlands is an extremely densely populated country . 
  our particulate output per person is actually extremely low , however our `` cubic meters of air per person '' is also quite low . 
  which means you end up with high particulate per cubic meter of air . 
  well obviously the roving street gangs and no-go zones are n't a problem once you 're used to the mad-max distopia that is the provence . 
  nope . 
  you can get great houses cheaply as long as you do n't need to live within 50km of amsterdam . 
  nope . 
  i 've seen this in many countries , but i 've never seen in the netherlands , even at upscale restaurants . 
  true , i always get those pleasantly surprised stares when i tell them to round up to whatever number before paying . 
  sorry ... too many american friends . 
  they keep being surprised when i mention i watched handegg ... 
  exactly . 
  so after the clothes , the weaponry , the armor , the tent and a metric ton of accessories , nobody can afford to pay a lot for a location . 
  haha , like larpers have money :p, 
  hmmm , we 've probably met then :p how was the elf fantasy this year ? 
   overhemd no , `` overhemd '' is a button shirt or dress shirt . 
  a bit older though . 
  wow ... 
  i knew that term for years , but i always assumed it was a joke about how everything is so empty in scandinavia ... 
  it 's a natural defense mechanism . 
  since most of the netherlands is below sealevel , short people tend to drown regularly , so only the tall ones get to reproduce . 
  ^ ^ but ^ ^ ^ honestly , ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ dunno, 
  soccer , tennis and fishing . 
  or , if you do n't count that , golf . 
  golf has a lot of non-playing members though , so if you do n't count that either , hockey . 
  i 'm pretty sure a 76mm blank from a t-34 is quite capable or knocking down a wall from a few meters away . 
  on the other hand , driving forward a few meters will achieve the same goal , so i guess there 's not a lot more danger . 
  amusingly , in the netherlands , a crossbow is completely legal and permit-free , while slingshots ( of the non-toy variety ) are completely illegal and you ca n't even get a permit for then . 
   oh and of course literally translating english terms from reddit like \u201e subreddit `` or \u201e upvote `` . 
  same in the netherlands . 
  `` dank meme '' is my personal favorite . 
  holy shit , that thread is hilarious . 
  good reasons to own a weapon are pretty much limited to : sports hunting historical reenactment being a serious collector ( mostly there as a holdover . 
  you ca n't get a permit just because you want 50 guns ) you also need a gun-safe , and a separate one for ammo . 
  and you consent to inspections to check if your registered weapon is properly stored . 
  oh , yes , there 's significantly better control here . 
  but it 's still a lot easier to get a firearms than most people think . 
   we do n't let every joe handle a thing as dangerous as a gun . 
  we actually do . 
  you just have to pass a background check ( a reasonably good one ) , a mental health check ( a laughably bad one ) , and have a reason to own a gun . 
  it 's probably not the same building , but i like to think it is . 
  d'oh ... of course . 
  cows killed another 20 or so , dogs account for nearly 30 casualties every year , and for some very odd reason , non-venomous ants manage a good 5-10 people every year as well . 
  it is , which is why the netherlands has been pretty hard at work reconnecting those areas via ecoduct/wildlife crossings . 
  occasionally , they even combine land and water : https://www.wegenwiki.nl/eco-aquaduct_zweth_en_slinksloot, 
  how do they test if it was a wolf , or say , a huskey ? 
  the difference between wolves and hunters , as it 's been explained to me , is that while hunters shoot elderly , sick and otherwise `` excess '' members of a herd , wolves also hunt the young and pregnant ones ( which will contribute to the herd later ) . 
  which is a lousy argument , imho , because we 've already got too many deer in the dutch dunes , so , bring on the wolves . 
  funny , cause we think of italians exactly the same way :-), 
  `` where is the coffeeshop '' was a pretty common question from tourists when i was uni . 
  well to be fair , around the 30-50 dollar segment you can get a lot better whiskey in scotland than in the us . 
  people call 25 cents a `` kwartje '' , and that 's not even a coin anymore ... 
  christianity in the netherlands is less and less popular . 
  churches are emptying so fast that many cities have combined churches for multiple denominations . 
  mostly though , people keep their religion to themselves . 
  public showing of it is considered , if not archaic , at least odd . 
  but on the other hand , people are very respectful of personal christian beliefs as long as they stay personal . 
  if you want to not have a tv , avoid premarital , get up early on sunday and pray every day because god told you , that 's fine . 
  if you want to teach creationism in schools then the whole country will be raging at you . 
  i do n't see those as crab-bucket examples . 
  maybe as someone fearing the crab bucket mentality in others . 
  the typical example would be someone doing a great job , trying to learn something new or lose weight or get a diploma or get a promotion , and their friends and peer talking them down ( or actively sabotaging them ) because them rising out of the bucket makes the other crabs look bad . 
  the idea is that the alarm goes off , people go inside and turn on radio/tv to find out what 's happening and what needs to be done . 
  the whole thing will soon be phased out in favor of an sms alert system ( of dubious quality ) . 
  as a side note ... 
  i do n't think nuclear war really needs an `` all clear '' . 
  we do n't have that . 
  dutch sirens are either on or off . 
  there is no `` all clear '' signal . 
  to be fair , i 've lived in 100m from a mosque to the north and 150m from a church to west . 
  between the bells and call to prayer , i was pretty damn happy when the city prohibited both . 
  i could finally sleep in . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  its not hard to beat `` getting shot in the street '', 
  likewise , i was in class with 37-year old mother of five ( who presumably had some kind of magic 50-hour day ? ), 
  for some of my first-year classes in uni .
