  please ? 
  it 's simple : the pizzerias figured out ryanair 's business model to make dough . 
  anybody who liked this has to check out the work of bulgarian yanko tsvetkov , [ `` atlas of prejudice : mapping stereotypes '' ] ( http://www.amazon.fr/atlas-prejudice-complete-stereotype-collection/dp/1515275221 ) . 
  along with lots of `` europe seen from the perspective of [ country ] '' there are some from different historical areas and geographies . 
  mostly about europe . 
  tsvetkov includes explanations for many of the concepts , as well as some epilogue philosophical woo about what a future version would look like . 
  as the russians and probably everyone else say , in every stereotype there is some truth . 
  romania is not in the vwp . 
  in fact , denial of visas by us to romanian applicants was up 10 % last year . 
  ca n't clarify off-hand what kind of visas ; this was something i read on their subreddit earlier in 2015 . 
  on the other hand , us citizens can travel to romania with no administrative process . 
  in other news , revenue of private medical services in romania are increasing by 30 % year on year . 
  many of them are started or bought by other european companies ( french and german ones come to mind ) . 
  having traveled around romania a lot , i concur about the feeling of safety even compared to other european cities . 
  i think the most scared i 've been is last week , coming down through the `` highways '' ( not yet a `` real '' one on this route ) in the rain at one in the morning . 
  meep . 
  this has nothing to do with peace , though . 
  4 : you have a week . 
  do n't spend it running around checking off a list . 
  find a couple places you really like , and go there and get to know them . 
  you 'd need a week to see paris well ( i live here ) , but it 's not seeing france , it 's seeing paris . 
  paris : france : : nyc : usa is a good analogy . 
  if ( say ) paris is a priority , stay ~ 4 days in the city and spend ~ 3 days in day-trip places . 
  maybe versailles , fountainebleau , or further outside of the urban circle , a place like rouen or caen or lille . 
  if you want to know a * country * make it small and interesting and reasonably sized . 
  iceland , switzerland , belgium , ireland , are places i would consider good candidates . 
  depending on where you fly out of from the states , you can get really good fares to iceland from iceland air or wow . 
  with the former , you can also do flights with delayed layovers , for free , so you can spend 3 days in iceland then go on to , let 's say , paris , for 3 days , without buying complicated tickets . 
  iceland is not a place where you visit `` cities '' , you go for its extraordinary environment and natural beauty . 
  if you want to see cities , from my list above , i would pick belgium or switzerland . 
  not at all . 
  i do n't think i ever anticipated japan to be a forever-home , though i would have liked a couple more years . 
  i came away with life-long friends , beautiful memories , unusual experiences , good stories , a new language , and first-hand knowledge that breaks ( or , sometimes , confirms ) the stereotypes people have from far away . 
  for example , in another thread just this morning i commented about japan not being a public transit heaven run by robots . 
  my first and only car purchase ever in my life ( i 'm from the midwest ! ), 
  was in japan . 
  to be more calculating , life in japan has definitely provided me some professional opportunities here in europe because a lot of people here consider the japanese hard to understand in culture and in language . 
  i get a lot of `` oh you understand this please go work with this group '' . 
  any japan question gets fielded to me . 
  i hope your time abroad has not felt wasted . 
  as for me , i 've spent significant amounts of time in a non-european country not-to-be-named that i did not feel positively about , and i still do n't consider that time wasted . 
  a lot was learned . 
  ha , i meant ambassador in the most benign way possible , not the most political . 
  point taken . 
  i think i understand where you are coming from . 
  i used to live in japan and though i love japan heaps and feel almost homesick about life there , it is a place where you can live as a foreigner ( and for + + generations ) and still be considered an outsider :-( hence my arrival in france . 
  let me also bitch about the headrests on the tgv for a moment . 
  fuck those headrests !, 
  no matter the position of the seat , they 're as bad as american couches , which force you to slump over with your head down . 
  i feel better now . 
  someone said in another thread ( paraphrase ) that anyone is allowed to become french . 
  i believe the us is - in general - also one of those countries . 
  do you feel you are now living in a country that allows you to define yourself as being a native , if you choose to ? 
  do you think * you * could feel that way ? 
  ( if i were still living in the us i 'd probably go with the american flair and try to be helpful with information people ask for and breaking the shitty stereotypes . 
  reddit is reddit but you 're still a mini-ambassador of a sort , as you are when you live abroad . ), 
   allows anyone to become french this is indeed one of my favorite things about france . 
  right , you can only explode your car and a portion of your neighboring surroundings when hit in a particular spot near the [ gas tank ] ( https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/professionalism/the_ford_pinto_gas_tank_controversy ) . 
  and it takes years for this english-speaker to rewire to think about gender for everything . 
  stupid gender and stupid 3-gender languages marking everything possible for maximum confusion of speaker and listener . 
  the shinkansen is over-priced , but wow do you get what you pay for . 
  service to the minute , leg room , good internet and cellular access , pleasant service . 
  buy early and the price is better . 
  for max operational speed , the shinkansen also wins reaching a maximum of 320 kph , compared to 200 for the tgv . 
  comparing world records is irrelevant , but shinkansen holds that , too . 
  they definitely rock the socks off the tgv . 
  if tgv is tops for you , check out more trains !, 
  my favorite is the ice paris-frankfurt ( max 330 kph ) , ruined only by the asshats who use their phones in the quiet car . 
  thalys ( paris-bruxelles ) is fine . 
  i take a lot of trains . 
  japan is hailed as master of public transit , but try living out in the suburbs . 
  you need a car , because the train stations get far apart , you ca n't bike everywhere , the bus comes twice a day , and winter and summer and rainy season . 
  i 'm from the us and the first time i bought a car was in japan , 3 days into my life there . 
  everyone i came to work with came by car . 
  they all thought i was nuts for bicycling to work when the weather was good . 
  ( fwiw , from the us we consider europe as the masters of public transit , but there are limitations here , too ), 
  love or hate the building , is anyone else disappointed that they farmed it out to a new york architectural firm ? 
  i would like to think that if i built a huge new cultural thing for my country that i 'd choose an in-country designer ... 
  proving that * almost all roads lead to rome . 
  thank you , nice link . 
  this is the theory you 're thinking of - [ tedtalk ] ( https://www.ted.com/talks/eli_pariser_beware_online_filter_bubbles?language=en ) on `` beware online ` filter bubbles ' '', 
  `` assets '' lol . 
  as if i would ever earn enough in france to owe the irs more than the annual sacrificial day/weekend . 
  my favorite is the string of towns along a highway in pennsylvania : intercourse , blue ball , paradise . 
  honorable mention to truth or consequence , new mexico , and embarrass , minnesota . 
  the difference is apparently that * this time * the un will allow an audience with * autonomistes * who do want to separate , even though all elections in the last 10 years have shown that separatists are a minority . 
  i appreciate your considerate reply . 
  feel free to copy-paste or improve the comment if you found it useful . 
  in my regular subreddits it only turned up in / r/science . 
  in / r/science , i flagged it as editorialized and did n't bother replying because i think the mods will delete it . 
  despite putting the time into a comment , i was also one of the people who flagged it here as off-topic . 
  you 're right that the two issues are very important in europe . 
  the continent is noted for some of the highest per capita rates of most depressed people , lowest fertility rates , and highest use of hormonal birth control . 
  i think there are better sources to make people think about it . 
  here to remind readers that there are non-hormonal contraceptive methods including copper iuds ( 99 % + efficacy rate , yes , available to childless women , no , not always with worsened cramps etc ) and the good old sheepskin ( aka condom , success rate depends on your using it properly , also protects against stds ) . 
  please do n't be afraid of contraceptives . 
  find one that is right for you . 
  other things i wanted to add , as a female and researcher type myself ... 1 ) i can totally believe in such a link ( hormonal birth control use has even been linked to the types of men heterosexual women are linked to ! ), 
  and 2 ) it 's definitely true that more effort needs to be put into understanding health conditions , medication and women ( men are routinely used for studies specifically because they do n't have hormonal cycles ; until recently we did n't even know that strokes and heart attacks present differently in women ) . 
  anyway , i find this article frustrating because 1 ) this is a highly editorialized summary of one study 2 ) no one study can make a blanket statement that all types of hormonal birth controls - of which there are so many - can be linked to depression .
