  3 ) even a meta-study , which the author says she has done ( informally , i guess , because according to her bio she 's a writer and not a research ) , is going to have its limitations . 
  i do n't dismiss her experiences with hormonal birth control or those of many other women . 
  even for myself i actively went non-hormonal for `` what the hell will this do to my body '' reasons . 
  science needs to understand women better , but for credibility , we humans all need to understand science better . 
  edit : moved a couple sentences for clarity . 
  thanks to the bbc for confirming i 'm not nuts . 
  i was standing at lille europe yesterday , nearly deaf from a sinus infection , and thought i heard `` sanglier ... traffic interrompu ... '' over the loudspeaker . 
  `` guys , '' i ask my friends , `` did they just say a train hit a pig . . ? '', 
  no one else had heard the announcement , leaving me convinced i was hallucinating , even when the screens updated with canceled ( brussels ) and delayed ( strasbourg , paris ) trains . 
  there need to be more comments about how awesome this area is . 
  i spent 10 days in lithuania , 5 of them on the spit , and would return in an instant . 
  beach , forest , and culture all in one place . 
  the bicycle paths are amazing and the beaches are actually beachy . 
  was totally worth the bus ride from vilnius . 
  fwiw , i went off-season ( late september ) and got to enjoy the capital days festival in vilnius and the post-peak-tourism peace before everything shut down for the fall . 
  a + + would go again . 
  thank you !, 
  you 've given me a new little travel plan . 
  my big disappointment in schengen has been that it meant no more stamps after entering the area . 
  i do like that the stamps have the method you came in on ( train , car ... 
  i have n't got a boat yet , and i 'm not sure a walking one exists ) . 
  ah , i think i could afford this visit !, 
  was this stamped in your passport ? 
  what 's the funky looking stamp above it ? 
  does n't this still cause ambiguity with the spicy kind of peppers , which also come in red , yellow and green ? 
  for the geography impaired , like me , that 's 23 km off the coast of portugal , 100km north of lisbon , 489 km west of madrid , and 1830 km west-southwest of the saletta epicenter in italy . 
   which is enough for me to call him an estonian i like your attitude  the video was great and i 'm happy it got linked . 
  so more than one king was a [ drag ] queen ? 
  as an aside , but to dispel this myth : most american internships are paid . 
  there are 6 criteria ( albeit somewhat vague ) that must be met for an internship to be unpaid * and * legal . 
  the industries you 're most likely to find unpaid internships are those which already have too much demand and not enough ( stable ? ), 
  work : architecture , design , publishing , movie/art , journalism and ngos . 
  there 's been a lot of crackdown on the abusive unpaid internships in recent years , despite the shitty economy . 
  surely you will die from sleeping with a fan on . 
  it 's a well-known fact . 
  that 's exactly the point . 
  i live in france . 
  these words are requirements for being polite in france . 
  in the us , you usually wo n't be considered impolite if you skip them . 
  paris is one of the first places people ( from all over the world ) want to travel to . 
  not everyone is experienced in the cultural things , though , and this leads to wrong impressions . 
  like this one . 
  anyway , are you in france , too ? 
  we should be picnicking now . 
   surely start with a `` excuse me , do you know ... ? '', 
  not usually , no ( i am american ) . 
  polite , sure , talkative , yes , but what 's with the extra words ? 
  like , why would i greet someone when i come into the store , either ? 
  i just want to buy my eiffel tower keychains and get out . 
  my theory is that these two differences are roots of the `` french are so rude '' stereotype . 
  may you have few exceptions in the future !, 
   without a greeting this is normal and accepted in the us . 
  approaching without a greeting is just not done in france , but people do n't know that . 
  the mcdonald 's thing , no excuse , unless she wants free wireless  i get the question about tap water from people from all over the world ( hosted lots of couchsurfers ) . 
  some of them ask because it 's not safe in their own countries . 
  some ask because the water tastes like ass ( old building ) . 
  less than 10 % of world currency is physical , leaving 90 % of it in the digital realm . 
  i would be ok with being virtually rich . 
  [ at least 10,000 ] ( http://motherboard.vice.com/read/there-are-now-10000-e-residents-of-estonia ) e-residents . 
  700 new businesses . 
  i agree that the 10 million is ambitious , but what forecast is n't ? 
  confirm japan , including the weird tradition of making reservations for kfc . 
  confirm south america ( at least peru ) , also from personal experience . 
  in peru , the christmas turkey is a relatively new thing . 
  most people do n't know how to cook turkeys and many do n't have ovens or big ovens . 
  so , you rent a spot in the bakery ovens . 
  the bakery does batch after batch of turkeys . 
  great !, 
  not really . 
  bakeries bake bread . 
  bakeries do not know how to cook turkeys either . 
  they come back dry on the outside and frozen in the middle . 
  lucky for one family , they had an american over christmas . 
  of course , americans eat lots of turkey , this one must know how to prepare turkey !, 
  cue my first turkey cooking experience . 
  thank you google , youtube , wikihow , and lifehacker . 
  you know what else they eat in peru over christmas ? 
  panettone . 
  panettone is given like the english give bad fruitcake : to clients , bosses , friends , everyone . 
  you give a guy a panettone , but he 'll probably be giving you one , also . 
  the turkey-family had a small business and had cartons of panettone in the garage to give their clients . 
  i smell panettone now , i get a little nauseous . 
  panettone makes great turkey stuffing . 
  we had leftovers . 
  wow , i came here to say `` maybe it 's because i grew up in the us , but seeing official armed patrols really does not help me feel safer '' . 
  to me , nothing says `` things are expected to go wrong '' more than having armed professionals around . 
  i pass through paris ' big metro station and train stations everyday . 
  i kinda get that . 
  now they are on the non-descript avenues near my workplace . 
  what , you guys are n't into salty licorice ? 
  walmart cheese incident : up to 20 % cellulose , which yes , comes from wood . 
  cellulose has a lot of cool applications . 
  meat : random animal parts if you get the kinds of meat that are not made from specific parts , e.g. 
  sausage , hot dog , ground beef . 
  i dare you to find a country that 's not true in for those products !, 
  soy , i can not speak of . 
  these things do happen ; in the case of the us they are not typical so they are in the news when they do happen . 
  i eat meat in the us . 
  i 'll pass on walmart cheese because i 'm a spoiled cheese-eater . 
  if you like trolling around for this kind of product recall , the fda publishes all recalls online .
