i went to lithuania last year on vacation . 
  10 days and still so much to see and do , so i 'll probably be back . 
  screw that `` 3-day-baltic-capital thing '' . 
  beautiful country you have there . 
  anyway , context . 
  do y' all also have an all mushroom diet ? 
  because i loved seeing everyone running around off the side of the road like a contact lens had flown out of their eye while driving along . 
  what was really cool was how everyone was doing it . 
  not just weird hippies , or weird old people , but teenagers and families and everyone . 
  how cool is that !, 
  one older lady in particular approached me on a small road between villages while i was on bicycle . 
  not understanding a word of lithuanian , we have no clue what she wants . 
  lots of charades ensue . 
  turns out she parked her bicycle , went into the forest hunting mushrooms , and could n't find her bicycle anymore . 
  she 'd been wandering around in the forest and had no idea what direction it was in , or how far . 
  her message was `` where is my bicycle ? 
  please whistle when you see it '' . 
  the bicycle was about 2 km away , so i 'm not sure if she heard us whistle ... ( and then i saw the article here about the president of estonia picking up lyme while mushroom hunting . 
  that 's less cool . ), 
  so in conclusion , i 'd love to see some lithuanian mushroom recipes . 
  the one that cost 10 million euro ? 
  ah just teasing you . 
  i am an american . 
  bike lanes are places for parking and opening the car 's driver-side door at a same distance from traffic . 
  still learning : https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=sp_qlpfbreq best to start with the recent thread on bulgarian bike lanes : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3efbda/bicycle_lanes_in_bulgaria/, 
  for immigrants famous in france , come visit the [ mus\u00e9e de l'histoire de l'immigration ] ( http://www.histoire-immigration.fr/ ) !, 
  there are examples from all parts of the world and many industries ( music , fashion , science , ... ) . 
  i recommended it already in some other thread , but it 's really that good . 
   time travel between zurich , lugano , and milan now * that * would be impressive !, 
   the mus\u00e9e de l\u2019histoire de l\u2019immigration opened without official ceremony . 
  i just want to say that this museum is really cool . 
  if you 're visiting paris , interested in museums , and done with the biggies , check it out . 
  covers different eras and origins of immigration in france . 
  free to everyone the first sunday of every month , and to eu residents under 26 everyday . 
  high-tech fence ? 
  i see a great new market for more awesome estonian start-ups . 
  ugh , tell me about it . 
  ghana is known around the world for its fine cocoa beans . 
  in japan there 's even a brand of chocolate called ghana . 
  but damn if they do n't have the worst local chocolate ever , according to our tastes . 
  tastes like chalk . 
  no fat , low sugar , but holds up under the oppressive heat and humidity . 
  find a local thought and they 'll prefer goldentree over fancy-pants swiss chocolate . 
  could be . 
  police seemed to be separate ; she addresses that elsewhere under `` police academies '' . 
  as an english speaker , i would also expect police to be law * enforcement * , not law . 
  needs more detail and more graphs !, 
  as a tourist - but never in turkey - i can not remember the last time i gave a local negative feedback about my experience in his country . 
  it 's a bit too much like being a guest at someone 's house and making a comment about the old furniture and dirty toilet . 
  is there something that makes the greek ( cs ? ), 
  students less interested in emigrating than , say , the romanians ? 
  maybe someone more familiar with greece can correct me on some points with local knowledge . 
  i loved the idea of the analysis but have commentary on the takeaways : * increased enrolment in `` early income '' like military ( makes sense ) * increase in majors tied with employment opportunity , like healthcare and law ( makes sense as a concept , and for healthcare , but employment in law ? 
  even in the lawsuit-happy us , lawyers are having a hard time finding jobs ) * drop in `` academically challenging '' engineering and cs ( what ? 
  so there is little employment opportunity in these fields ? 
  the author attributes it to no large increase in pay for having worked harder . 
  the emigration possibilities are huge and so are the salary differences elsewhere . 
  are young greeks less open to emigration ? 
  i 'll ignore the fact that some people study these because they like the subject matter . ), 
  * 2009 + increase in interest for psychology and humanities ( likely in conflict with the `` good employment '' prospects above , though i acknowledge her comment about increased need for mental health support . 
  who is hiring the humanities majors ? ), 
  paris en vigueur since the beginning of august . 
  lovely pictures , thank you !, 
  i agree with the other commenter that now i want to visit . 
  anecdotally , my most recent border crossing ( france-belgium near lille ) involved 1 ) a bus stop called `` halluin douane '' where , of course , there is no douane and 2 ) a memorable store advertising `` french products at belgian prices '' . 
  yes . 
  picnics with sarmale . 
  lazylinx , indeed !, 
  translation : mamaliga : polenta made with corn meal , often mixed with cheese and meat like french lardon ( `` ham '' ) . 
  served with sour cream . 
  one dinner plate of that will have you roll over and die after . 
  still worth it . 
  sarmale : minced pork mixed with some rice and whatever , rolled in a leaf of pickled cabbage . 
  never been to a romanian family party / picnic without sarmale , and i 've been to a lot . 
  one of those stereotypes based on truth . 
  mici : ground mixed meat mixed up with spices and some broth and grilled . 
  one of those things that might have a recipe but is usually made from whatever is left in the fridge . 
  `` mici '' means small things . 
  i 'm not romanian but my stereotype food after the sarmale is zacusc\u0103 . 
  zacusc\u0103 is a very delicious spread based on red peppers and/or eggplant , onion , tomato . 
  add in some vegetables and spices . 
  this is popular in other countries by under names ( like ajvar ) , but i 'll always associate it with romania . 
  one of those things that everyone 's mother has a recipe for , and everyone believes their mother 's is the best . 
   amazing to be an entrepreneur can you tell me more about that ? 
  and are there a lot of entrepreneurs there ? 
  ( i am talking more about people who start businesses because they have ideas , not because they need a paycheck ), 
  french bank asked me yesterday what the objective of my investment was . 
  to have capital , big purchase planned in next years , saving for retirement . 
  dude , i replied , i am an american so we are * always * saving for retirement . 
  thanks for asking this . 
  not seeing english * anywhere * on the map posted , i wondered if i was just an america-centric asshole . 
  apparently just one who ca n't read . 
  relevant english joke : when is there a difference between `` i 'm sorry '' and `` i apologize '' ? 
  at a funeral . 
  one of my favorite questions when meeting people from a country i do n't know very well : what stereotypes do they have of other countries , and what stereotypes do they have * within * their own country ( `` people from the south are stupid '' `` the ones from this city are rude '' ... ), 
  people often give me ( american ) the `` wow , you speak so many languages ! '', 
  thing . 
  i remind them that many of my fellow countrymen have trouble with one language , and i am just trying to keep up the average . 
  as context , i went in mid-july , with locals , house in manta rota , 5 minutes on foot from the beach , and a car . 
  no problems with the tourists !,
