  about that car , it was necessary to go * anywhere * . 
  we did get to visit more of the region , but even to go to the grocery store , get in the car . 
  between beaches , there was n't a whole lot to see or do except wander through some sad casinos . 
  had multiple restaurants trying to cheat us on the bill . 
  had fun at the beach , but that only lasts so long especially with all of the mosquitoes . 
  mosquitoes !, 
  lisbon , porto , their common day trips , * all * of madeira summer or winter , i loved them all and recommend them to others . 
  i want to visit the acores and someday the national parks in the interior . 
  but the algarve , * shrug * , did n't do it for me . 
  best : flanders , be . 
  nida , lithuania . 
  luxembourg , almost anywhere outside the capital . 
  i know , i 'm weird . 
  worst : brussels , be . 
  algarve , pt ( portugal i love you but not your bottom part ) . 
  note that the `` best '' include regions . 
  people talk about these lost little villages where cool experiences are had with locals ( one guy mentioned anywhere outside of rome : 10/10 ) . 
  they 're less likely to happen in big cities with easily recognizable names . 
  edit : did n't notice you are from bh . 
  enjoyed the trip from dbv to mostar . 
  heck , we went directly from the airport to hercegovina . 
  next time i 'll definitely make it to sarajevo . 
  did n't know what to expect but i had a great time during the journey . 
  and ate very well . 
  i guess you 're looking for european recipes but i ca n't help but share a favorite from japan : soy sauce & butter mushrooms . 
  [ this recipe ] ( http://www.japanupdate.com/2015/11/kinoko-no-butter-shoyu-itame-mushrooms-with-butter-and-soy-sauce/ ) is more or less right , but usually i 've cooked it with one shiitake mushroom as big as my face . 
  soy sauce & butter is also fantastic on baked potato . 
  oh for wow !, 
  at least where i am from in the us , the jokes of `` some stupid nationality '' are all about the polish , unless they are about the scandahoovians ( especially swedish , the majority in earlier immigrant waves ) . 
  so i can see the link to the us that toresbe made . 
  thank you , good point . 
  of those , a special shout-out to my favorites , the mus\u00e9e carnavalet and the maison de victor hugo . 
  carnavalet just has so much cool stuff , and you do n't even have to know anything about paris history to appreciate it . 
  my favorites : portrait of the building of metro line 1 ( because i ride it frequently ) . 
  the art deco room . 
  the original of the declaration des droits de l'homme et du citoyetn . 
  victor hugo can be appreciated without knowing or reading his books ( guilty ) . 
  the house is still in its original style with period furniture and decorations , and for the most part , without the barriers that are such a turnoff in other museums . 
  i have n't been to all of these , myself , so let me know when you 're in town !, 
  and for all you old farts , at least time your visit for [ the first sunday of the month when most national museums are free to everyone ] ( http://en.parisinfo.com/discovering-paris/themed-guides/paris-for-free/free-cultural-outings-in-paris/free-admission-and-good-deals-in-museums-and-monuments-in-paris ) . 
  note that some of the top tourist spots ( e.g. 
  louvre ) are not free during the high season . 
  true . 
  bring your visa / student id card / passport . 
  i had never heard of this and now i know what 's for dinner tonight . 
  merci beaucoup . 
  a couple weeks ago the red army choir played here in paris . 
  this time , they finished with the marseillaise ( instead of the russian national anthem ) . 
  the whole crowd jumped to their feet and started singing along . 
  touching . 
  concert a + + , would be in audience again . 
  world expo , about may to october of 2015 . 
  i can attest to the lines . 
  we showed up 90 minutes early , preferring to wait at the gates , being one of the first to enter , instead of wait in line the same amount of time but already be waiting for attractions behind tons of other people . 
  for non-parisians , if you want to see this place when you visit , the film seems to be shot entirely in the jardins de luxembourg . 
  go soon , in that magic spot when they have planted the new flowers for the year yet you can still see the grass ( that is , before the picnics really invade ) . 
  the plant arrangements are always fantastic , with varied colors and often a `` managed wild '' aspect to them . 
  highly recommend . 
  more people = more nutjobs . 
  they just happen to be very vocal nutjobs . 
  my ongoing battle is the reverse : yes , i 'm using english language . 
  no , that does not mean i want to see the us version of the website , with no way to get to the one i need for , you know , france , the country i am in . 
  part of what makes it boring is how many of us use them . 
  i like to look at the designs on my eur coins though , which are doubly cool because they have been used to model the ( theoretical ) spread of epidemics . 
  the usd quarters with all the states are neat because there are 50 of them . 
  the gbp coins are awesome , too , because they form a shield when you put the tails together . 
  in general , bimetallic and coins-with-holes are awesome . 
  i 've yet to meet a bimetallic coin-with-hole . 
  the emphasis on comparing the activities at r\u00e9publique to the occupy movement in the us - especially in the lack of specific goals - is frustrating but apt . 
  we all know how much long-term impact the occupy protests achieved ... 
  we 're already less productive on friday afternoons . 
  make that half-day tuesday and there may be an effect on productivity states . 
  romania needs more people like you ( and i guess those other guys in the survey ) . 
  good luck !, 
  policies for domains that require specialist knowledge can benefit from being crafted by people who know more than a wikipedia 's article worth about a subject . 
  consider some of the policies about encryption , communications , biotechnology and online anything . 
  yes yes checks and balances about special interest groups and yes some of these were written to be evil . 
  but many of them are just written by people who do n't understand the subject matter or do n't bother to read the drafts ... and therefore specialist knowledge needs to be included even if it comes from external sources . 
  edit : clarity . 
  i 'm terrible at editing my own writing . 
   by 2010 , harvard became the largest private forest owner in romania daaamnn . 
  so this is how they keep on top for biggest university endowment in the world ( us$ 36b ) . 
  thanks for the article . 
  my apartment ( paris-paris ) was burglarized and everyone i had to deal with was exceptionally professional , sympathetic and efficient . 
  except the grumpy-pants who made the police report , but he probably puts up with a lot of crap or woke up on the wrong side of the bed that morning . 
  the us thing is exaggerated , plain and simple . 
  you see bad situations in the news because they are unusual . 
  the population of the us is 320 million , so anything that can go wrong , will go wrong somewhere . 
  that said , in big cities the attitude can get aggressive because they put up with a lot of shit , and in smaller towns because it 's a little power trip . 
  reddit makes sure to centralize this kind of news . 
  i had to unsubscribe from a default sub because of the overrepresentation of bad cop stories . 
  regarding lawyers , this is one of your rights in the case of arrest . 
  it means that there is a third party there to supervise the interrogation . 
  there are certain things they are not allowed to ask about when you are interrogated . 
  there are certain things you should not answer , or that you could answer in a way that is less likely to endanger your long-term case ( being held , indicted , or tried ) . 
  remember you 've probably seen the `` miranda rights '' on television . 
  in brief , the police are required to inform you that you * are * being arrested and that you have * the right * to remain silent and to seek a lawyer . 
  in japan they 're mostly unintimidating old guys who hang out near their neighborhood offices . 
  they are usually the best for getting directions but do n't speak any english at all . 
  on the other hand , the justice system is known for pushing so hard for confessions and convictions to keep their stats high .
