  the more people in a given market who have some skill , the higher the competition . 
  meanwhile , in ieper : [ as a solution to this problem the population of ypres decided to release a few hungry cats in the cloth halls . 
  everything worked well at first . 
  the cats ate the mice and the cloth was saved . 
  but soon it became clear that the plan had a flaw . 
  the cats not only gave in to their hunting instincts , but procreated too . 
  instead of too many mice and rats ypres had too many cats after a while . 
  nothing better was found than throwing the animals off the hall tower as a means of pest control . 
  the true reason will probably never be known . 
  ] ( http://www.kattenstoet.be/en/page/497-511/the-cat-throwing.html ), 
  hello from paris !, 
  by all means , keep an eye on the exit if it makes you feel better , but go to your concerts !, 
   i can get myself in to conversations i ca n't finish in german `` know enough to be dangerous '' or `` know enough to ask the question , but not understand the answer '' , 
  you 'd be surprised about the heat exchangers . 
  the technical stuff is sometimes the easiest because many of the concepts are new and the words are taken from english or amalgams of existing words . 
  does not apply if you ca n't explain a heat exchanger in your own language . 
  happy to join the americans who are keeping the `` average languages known by americans '' slightly above 1 . 
  i started in spanish ( now ~ fluent ) and french ( now ~ fluent ) and german ( meh ) because my school offered them . 
  fell in love with portuguese ( ~ fluent , and due to circumstances , some bastard accent between rural brazil and madeira ) and japanese ( meh , lived there , but rapidly forgetting here in europe . 
  it 's fun shocking the tourists ) . 
  romanian partner and work mean one more !, 
  languages are the best . 
  but i hate that `` how many languages do you speak ?? '', 
  question . 
  i 'm not a circus pony , i just have a hobby . 
  i do n't care if they help me . 
  i love them all . 
  cluj county , romania , has the most businesses and 2nd or 3rd largest economy in the whole country . 
  great , right ? 
  1/4 of households in cluj county do not have access to improved sanitation ( i.e. 
  separates poop from human contact ) . 
  something like 1/8 do n't have running water . 
  then keep in mind that there are poorer parts of romania ... and that romania is n't even in the most difficult conditions of the eu ... clujenii , i do n't mean to pick on you , i just know the numbers there . 
  i came in to jokingly ask `` for their gold teeth ?! '', 
  but this was a really good article , so , thanks . 
  and reading romanian is like a porno magazine : cum everywhere . 
  i 'm an american and i did n't even know thanksgiving was this week . 
  then again , several times i 've called the us on national holidays and wondered where everyone was ... 
  tomorrow 's thread : happy black friday , europe, 
  there are private clinics and business is rapidly growing ( ~ 30 % year to year ) . 
  the privates do pay better , but not nearly as much as they can get in france ( sorry to pick on you , france ) . 
  many of the clients look at it as `` hey , there 's not as much bribery in the private sector . 
  you pay the higher price up-front and get treatment sooner . '', 
  those who can afford to still go outside the country ( mostly hungary and austria ) for treatment . 
  i do n't think you 're too paranoid . 
  the agencies might work , but the jobs may not be the best or the best paid . 
  i assume they work like any headhunters or recruiting agency ? 
  me , if i were a graduating med student who wanted to work in a different country , i would start networking with people who have been where i was . 
  here in france there are associations of [ specialist ] doctors from romania . 
  do you see this as a temporary decision ? 
  the most dedicated and forward-thinking doctors i met in romania had all spent a couple years working or studying elsewhere in europe before coming back home . 
  they will be the ones pushing for change in the system . 
  maybe you can be one of them ? 
  you walk down a main street in any big city in romania . 
  work placement agencies have big window posters reading `` doctors nurses and med techs , immediate departure !, 
  france !, 
  germany ! '', 
  i wish this were a joke but i 'll dig out a picture if you want . 
  add this one : more and more of the doctors , etc , who do n't leave the country are quitting medical practice to be reps for pharma companies and other business . 
  their colleagues may consider this to be a sell-out , but it 's just a way to get by in life . 
   we 'd crucify ... on a cross hey hey separation of church and state . 
  there 's nothing wrong with a good tar and feathering , or a quartering . 
  paris is pretty normal ( or , as normal as it ever was ! ) . 
  you are welcome here . 
  this was a fascinating article on something i have n't seen covered before . 
  thanks for posting it and the follow-up links . 
  '' ... will reopen * at some point in the future * ... '' '' ... would eventually reopen . '', 
  did you go with * no * shave november ? 
  you could finish the month as movember , leaving the mustache and shaving the beard . 
  native english speaker here . 
  i agree with ub166eru . 
  `` downplay '' or `` trivialize '' . 
  first reaction was a giggle about jambon ( french for ham ) having a hard time in molenbeek . 
  i 'm a horrible person . 
  it is a really comprehensive list and i 'll only quibble on a couple things ( though many are not in my experience at all as an american ) . 
  i 'll happily answer questions about any of the others , but my battery is dying and dinner is smelling good . 
  1 ) mass shootings ... not even in the news : removing the events from the news is a concerted effort based on the idea that glorifying the event and especially the attacker motivates further events . 
  2 ) the idea that anthropomorphic climate change is up to debate : this is not up for debate in the us either , among most people . 
  there is a sometimes unfortunate tendency in the us to let `` both sides express their opinion '' . 
  sometimes it 's better just to hit them upside the head . 
  3 ) the idea of living long term in a trailer : it is n't normal . 
  it 's usually a sign of poverty and instability . 
  just living in a trailer will not automatically put you on a shitlist for housing , child protection services , etc , but it can mean that life is tough . 
  ... smiling as i write this from south africa , where i 've been hearing a lot of `` i 've been to europe '' `` i studied in europe '' `` this was made in europe '' etc. 
  and this in a country which has its own confusing name , regional , and geographic relations !, 
  just for clarification . 
  it 's so weird they have such different meanings . 
  as an american , i have to say , those `` rigid rules and extreme stereotypes '' are fucked up and have never been the way i 've started , had , or ended any relationship . 
  they seem prevalent only in film tropes and advice columns in women 's magazines . 
   not even quite sure if credit card debt is a thing here not really , because for historical regulatory reasons , europe does n't `` do '' credit cards as much . 
  when you use your carte bancaire , the money comes directly out of your bank account . 
  nothing to do later . 
  you spend too much , you hit the bottom of your account , you are cut off . 
  with a credit card , `` visa '' pays , but does n't directly touch your bank account . 
  you then have to pay `` visa '' after . 
  if you do not pay `` visa '' , and continue to use your card , and then `` visa '' adds interest , that is how you get credit card debt . 
  for fun and enjoyment , check out that research currently shows that people get less `` pain '' response ( brain , mri ) on payment by credit card than they do with payment by cash . 
  suggesting that people overspend because they do n't feel the money slipping through their fingers . 
  ( personally , i beg to differ . 
  with a credit card i always feel i have to pay twice as i pay at the store and then i have to pay visa . ),
