  i have a friend reputed for breaking into conversations with `` you see this !? 
  i bet you thought it was french !, 
  it 's belgian ! '', 
  music , food , inventions , whatever . 
  he lives within sight of the border with france . 
  i 'll take couchsurfers and friends-of-friends on walking tours all over paris . 
  but if they want to go to the champs-\u00c9lys\u00e9es , i go home . 
   wafles : only tourists buy some . 
  amendment : only tourists buy waffles with strawberries and bananas and whip cream on top . 
  there 's nothing better than a gaufre li\u00e9geoise best nature with just naturally crackling sugar . 
  at most nutella . 
  anything more than that and you 're a tourist . 
   we hate vampires i always thought this would be true , too , but i 'm surprised how often the vampire thing comes up in modern cultural stuff with a domestic audience . 
  the most recent one that left me befuddled is the music video for the song `` pana vara viitoare '' , which has been all over the radio recently , so it 's not exactly a secret ... 
  you can time your watch to a japanese train . 
  - former resident and commuter . 
  portugal , can i get your feelings on this ? 
  it 's true at least in my circles ... foreigners love , but you do n't , unless you 're old : fado . 
  you love , but the foreigners do n't : francesinha , superbock, 
  have you seen this site ? 
  i 'm sure it 's not exhaustive , but it did give valid suggestions for the places i needed it : http://www.nonsmokingromania.com/, 
   of course it can happen for people to smoke at outside tables sometimes . 
  ah , my favorite . 
  the caf & eacute ; with the bay windows running the length of the fa & ccedil ; de wide open . 
  the tables set right up to the edge of the restaurant . 
  your table inside , your arm outside , smoking away . 
  france : where laws are made to be edged around just enough to do what you want !, 
  surprising not to see the traffic backed up bumper to bumper in both directions . 
  i drove a lot in boston metro and houston . 
   i 'm sad that the internet i grew up with is most likely  bound to drastically change in the next 10-20 years . 
  maybe , it is still possible to imagine some changes for the better ? 
  edit : dude , i meant * overall * . 
  of course this particular policy is shit . 
  moderator exception possible for indiegogo link ? 
  otherwise , is this on any of the astronomy / astrophysics subreddits ? 
  astrophysicists at rozhen do real research and do publish it . 
  this is n't my field but i know some of the researchers . 
  they publish in major journals and present at international conferences . 
  some of them teach . 
  it 'd be a shame to force emigration of yet another field of well-educated folks because the facilities are not/less available in their home country . 
  that said , i live in france and do n't know if i 'd ever hear about one of their observatories closing before it was too late . 
  i like the `` side gig '' comment volcanoesarecool put in . 
  yes . 
  that too , thanks . 
  failing in much of europe damns your cv and your financial credit . 
  the guys in silicon valley flaunt their failures . 
  it 's like scars from motorcycle accidents . 
  there are entrepreneurs of passion and entrepreneurs of survival . 
  if you look at statistics of what percentage of people are or want to be business owners , you 'll think wow , the angolans are really into start-ups !, 
  when the truth is that jobs are hard to come by . 
  the us has been built on go-it-your-own be-independent-ness embrace-yourself ness for a long time , plus the us social safety net is much weaker than european ones , in general . 
  so why not take the plunge ? 
  most of europe has a good safety net for the un ( der ) employed , good policies for work-life balance , and quite restrictive regulations , all of which make entrepreneurship less appealing . 
  oh yeah and money . 
  there is a lot of money and money networks . 
  funding and start-ups really clump in the sf bay area . 
  the investment there dwarfs that of boston and nyc . 
  you did n't start up your own food delivery app start-up yet ? 
  the cheekiness of every decent-sized city in every random country getting one together in hopes of being bought up by a larger , existing food delivery app makes me facepalm . 
  in the words of a food-specialized vc i heard the other week in sf , `` there is a lot of money to invest in food , but today , it is going in all the wrong places . '', 
  reduce price of trains `` that many can not afford these days '' = reduced revenue and lots of cost to improve infrastructure add buses = additional revenue and costs of improving infrastructure are someone else 's problem it 's a bit like pirating music . 
  a lot of the people on those buses would have just said `` ah fuck it '' and not gone anywhere at all . 
  * raises hand *, 
  they did n't even have that when i went . 
  every visitor walked around and left looking like `` okay ... '' . 
  it was unstaffed when i went , for who knows how long . 
  i wondered if anyone snuck in for belarus sexpo while the staff were away . 
  korea was one of my favorites , for its good mix of art , knowledge , culture and food . 
  they had free stuff at the end , when i went . 
  austria was beautiful ( green ) . 
  kazakhstan was educational . 
  estonia is neat for its awareness of envionment + business sustainability . 
  uk was worth it for the design aspect , but i did n't learn that much . 
  it was pretty . 
  many of my favorites were the `` cluster '' countries . 
  they 're usually small countries and not so much extra money for something like this . 
  but the people are super nice and fun to talk to . 
  you can learn about places you 've never heard of , talk to the north koreans ( and buy pretty stamps ) , and meet global rarities ( the representative of dominica is one of 70,000 citizens ; she 's probably the only domican i 'll meet in my lifetime ) . 
  and romania , i 'm sorry , but you did n't have much to offer . 
  your hungarian neighbors were making a seductive k\u00fcrt\u0151skal\u00e1cs , though . 
  i second getting there before it opens ( about one hour before ) , also making a beeline for the country you most want to visit for the day , even if it 's at the other end of the park . 
  just wanted to say that lithuania is an awesome place to visit . 
  10 days and i still feel we missed out on a lot , especially because of the interesting things are in random little villages . 
  those who do the 3-day capital tour of vilnius-riga-tallinn are really missing out . 
  carry on . 
  seconded . 
  i work with romanian lawyers and investors who are frustrated with , to paraphrase , the attitude where it 's still considered better to invest in an extra house and an extra porsche than something intangible like intellectual property or a start-up ... : - / on the other hand , i 've met a lot of really awesome people in romania dedicated to their inventions ( often on their own funds even if affiliated with a university or other institution ) or entrepreneurial projects . 
  many of them are looking to get foreign funding or move their main office as soon as possible , usually to the us . 
  had to google rapesan . 
  it tastes better than rapescan , the `` x-ray vision '' scanners that took over us and some other airports a few years ago . 
  to start , i 'm the last to be rah-rah guns and did n't come here to argue about it , just share . 
  anyway , the right to bear arms was originally written into the us constitution among the first 10 articles known as the bill of rights specifically so groups of people could stand up to the government if need be . 
  the colonies got the shit end of the stick from england for years and years , inspiring such a bold statement . 
  outdated ? 
  appropriate situation to stand up to your government ? 
  probably to be hammered out by a supreme court * , but yeah , that 's why it 's there . 
  * us law is based on case law , whereby much of a law 's impact is based on its interpretation of specific cases which set precedent . 
  hi , i came to france !, 
  i have a real job ( tm ) and even pay my taxes . 
  people like me want to be counted , too .
