  instead they should increase funding for the single-stage skylon spacecraft . 
  or esa should completely shift their focus on fully-reusable stages with self-landing boosters like the falcon 9 of elon musk [ 1 ] . 
  this is how launch systems will look like in the future . 
  esa must be blind if they do n't see these developments if esa will just continue as before , it will not take long until they are absolutely not competitive anymore in comparison with spacex . 
  [ 1 ] http://www.space.com/25597-spacex-reusable-rocket-falcon9r-video.html, 
  you probably are confusing this with the unlawful secret transfers of terrorism suspects via airbases in germany during the iraq war [ 1 ] . 
  if you want to accuse germany for it 's lack of military actions , please first try to inform yourself accordingly . 
  also what is your problem if germany is talking about `` an ever closer union '' ? 
  this has more to do with the political european union . 
  do you want to suggest that if a country proposes to strengthen the political union , it has to also strengthen a military pact like the nato . 
  these are two completely different things . 
  [ 1 ] http://www.nytimes.com/2007/01/31/world/europe/31cnd-germany.html, 
  exactly that is the problem . 
  i do n't have a use for it ( `` national identity '' ) today . 
  exactly the contrary : i see it as preventing further integration . 
  and i see more integration as a necessary step so that all of europe can live in prosperity with economic growth and peace . 
  national identities lead to competition between nations . 
  as an example , i think in this globalized world it is not ok to have corporate tax competition between countries . 
  if all nations have to lower their taxes so that multinational corporations will not pay any tax anymore , then how are we supposed to be building infrastructure , educating children , ... ? 
  countries , which lower their taxes , to attract businesses from other countries are like parasites in our globalized world . 
  then i hope you will someday teach your ukip friends some of your political education . 
  maybe because of bad weather ? 
  or because of a different temperament of people in the north ? 
  i guess that is at least one opinion which is maybe sometimes voiced in some newspaper comments or similar reports in germany . 
  my impression is that angela merkel acts quite similar to other european heads of state . 
  sometimes she expresses her opinion about some matters and it is her right to do so . 
  it is not her fault that the press of some other european countries is reporting so much about her opinions . 
  especially , if the debate is about monetary and fiscal policies in the eurozone , then it is her right to voice opinions from the german perspective . 
  it is just not acceptable for germany to share total debt liability in the eu and at the same time nobody wants to give up some of their national sovereignty to brussels . 
  maybe that is just my personal perspective , but for me that is the central misunderstanding between german opinion ( news , merkel , population ) and the opinion in many other european countries . 
  opinion in france : why do germans want to interfere in our sovereignty ? 
  opinion in germany : why do all these south european nations want to share the debt liability without giving up some of their sovereignty to brussels ? 
  maybe , these differing views can be united if the next european commission has a stronger voice and expresses it 's own pan-european opinion . 
  in the past if newspapers in whatever country want to report european views , they have to report the opinions of some strong heads of state , because there is no strong pan-european voice that could be reported . 
  from the perspective of a news agency : who wants to know what barrosso says if you can report about the opinion of merkel ? 
  if we would have a stronger european government it would be obvious that it 's more worth to report the opinion of the european government instead of the german government . 
  but there is no such thing at the moment , so the news agencies will report about the opinion of the heads of state of the largest countries . 
  unfortunately this will often be perceived as an interference in national sovereignty from these heads of states . 
  is n't it a good step forward that the press in france is reporting about voices from germany and the press in germany is reporting about voices in france . 
  of course , it would be much better , if the press in france and germany could both be reporting about a pan-european voice from a pan-european government . 
  from my german perspective , we are not the ones who are blocking more integration to come closer to that point . 
  germany does not seem to have such problems with giving up their sovereignty ... 
  so my opinion is that each european country has to decide for themselves if they want to keep hearing merkel 's opinion in their news or if they want to give up some sovereignty to brussels so that they can instead hear the opinion from a pan-european government . 
  there are some options how the european situation might develop from here : 1 . 
  go a step backward and abandon the euro and giving up common economic policies . 
  keep the current state of the eu and keep hearing opinions from merkel in your news . 
  and keep blaming the germans for voicing their opinions from a german perspective . 
  move forward with more integration , so that we hear more opinions from a brussels eu government instead of some heads of state . 
  very interesting if it would happen that way . 
  i just hope the eu will bear up against this stupid us arrogance and heavily fine ms if they breach european laws . 
  it is not open-source as far as i can see . 
  so how can you be sure ? 
  exactly . 
  for example , open-source client-side applications which only push private data out to any server if the data is encrypted . 
  diaspora goes into the right direction , but unfortunately it does n't get the encryption part right so the trust is just shifted from a central authority to a more distributed pod-network . 
  the eu urgently needs a unified task force anyway . 
  this could dramatically reduce military spending while at the same time it would increase effectiveness . 
  is n't the ecb very independent ? 
  maybe even more than the federal reserve ? 
  isnt it very easy in the us construction for the state to just finance their debt by printing money ? 
  i am always amazed by the amount of people refusing to digitalize the voting , because with our current archaic voting system i actually have no way to verify that my vote was counted correctly . 
  for me technology could clearly improve these matters , especially if you also consider cryptographic voting protocols : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/end-to-end_auditable_voting_systems, 
  a european nation state is the solution . 
  maybe stromberg ? 
  i am no fan personally , but many people liked it . 
  source ? 
  on wikipedia : a state can not `` win '' in isds in the manner of a foreign investor the interests of the investor and a state in these tribunals are not at all symmetric . 
  the state can not win anything . 
  only the investor can win . 
  therefore the percentage of cases which go in favor of the investor are meaningless , because there could be arbitrarily many cases if the investor can not really lose and the state can not really win . 
  interesting . 
  so forced open-access could lead to increased publishing fees specifically in high ranking journals . 
  these high fees in turn would lead to more good articles being submitted to other lower ranking journals while more bad articles could make it into the high ranking journals . 
  ultimately this could level the playing field between journals a bit . 
  i guess in 10-20 years researchers will be much more evaluated based on citations and nobody will care about journals anymore . 
  evaluation based on the impact factor of jounals is just not necessary anymore , because algorithms can now easily track a web of citations and calculate much more meaningful statistics . 
  that is not true in general . 
  there are many places to publish open-access articles for free . 
  better ask the question what is the added value of paid journals anyway ? 
  when i peer-reviewed papers for paid journals i was never paid by them , so the peer-review process is not what is paid for . 
  when i published my articles , i did the typesetting myself , so this also is not the added value of journals . 
  if i read other papers , i download them , so it also can not be print costs . 
  therefore i ask again , honestly , where is the added value of paid journals ? 
  i just do n't see it in my daily work as a researcher . 
  if the total government spending should stay the same , then other taxes ( like sales tax and personal tax ) would have to be increased . 
  a small company that has just enough income to pay for the wages of their workers , there would be no profit and therefore no company tax . 
  now if you would theoretically replace company taxes with higher sales taxes , then this same small company will have less income and therefore will go bankrupt ... 
  it would be really nice if they could do that . 
  that would hurt mostly the companies that are small and that are struggling to stay afloat . 
  therefore it results in more monopolies and less competition . 
  therefore i think in general this is not good . 
  but , if all the big players get special deals in luxembourg and ireland anyway , then indeed it might be better to just completely abandon the corporate tax because it hurts only the small players . 
  they could set a deadline and state that a delay of triggering art . 
  50 beyond that deadline will be seen as hostile and damaging towards the eu and will result in hostile negotiations later with no option for the uk staying in the free market . 
   that the spd suddenly jumps 10 % although politically nothing much would change under schulz or gabriel is more than a little weird . 
  i think a lot changes with schulz in comparison to gabriel . 
  it 's just your personal opinion that this changes nothing . 
  and believe me , i do n't like the fact that german politics is influenced only by very few persons at the top . 
  but that is how it is unfortunately , in my opinion . 
  and that 's why i think the switch to schulz matters a lot .
