not a treaty which is that important . 
  and by the way , i have never said that germany is never doing that . 
  i am also not against ttip per se . 
  it 's just not ok to reject a citizens initiative without any reason !, 
  would you be ok , if obama is stitting in his office all day and negotiating about giving your atomic bombs to russia as a gift ? 
  maybe some negotiations are so badly perceived that the population does not want that these negotiations shall continue !, 
  of course we do not want that these secret negotiations continue !, 
  that is a waste of tax money !, 
  maybe it is hard to understand for someone from the five-eyes that politics should n't be behind closed doors ? 
  there is already a negotiating mandate . 
  so there must be some details . 
  you can see these details in the leaks . 
  negotiations behind closed-doors on this massive scale are of course very suspicious for a large part of the population . 
  if politicians take these people not seriously then that is definitely a problem !, 
  we have a system with european parties . 
  the problem is that their names are not on the ballot . 
  if that is how the brits think , then at least it explains why their opinion is so different to the rest of europe . 
  as far as i know in germany the guardian is seen as a high quality journal . 
  it was even recommended in my school in english lessons . 
  ok , i know it is possible to sign . 
  but are you sure , that it is possible for a private person to verify that another private person has signed a pdf-document ? 
  i always thought that verification is only possible for registered `` diensteanbieter '' . 
  if you have other information please let me know . 
   absolutely not !, 
  hans-werner sinn ( who gets it wrong ) does n't even make that claim . 
  he claims that the loans are now owed to germany and if the emu broke up then the german taxpayer could end up having to bailout the bundesbank . 
  this linked article get 's this so absolutely wrong . 
  it is not the ecb who is owing anything in the target2 system . 
  the maastricht treaty clearly forbits that . 
   that will not happen and that is not what the fed or the bank of england did . 
  quantitative easing is still buying assets on the secondary market of course , the secondary market is what i mean with buying government bonds directly . 
  `` directly '' on the second market in contrast to indirect debt financing via target2 . 
  these direct purchases on the second market are something completely different to the balance sheets which are represented in the target2 system . 
   you may have noticed the ecb already does that but they also `` sterilised '' those purchases . 
  this explains it but the ecb stopped sterilizing [ 1 ] after the date of your linked article . 
  so it is effectively doing qe . 
  [ 1 ] http://blogs.wsj.com/briefly/2014/06/05/the-ecb-stops-sterilizing-its-smp-at-a-glance/, 
  from reading their specs it seems it is possible to sign documents ( i.e. 
  pdfs ) and then send these documents to another private person . 
  the other person can varify your signature . 
  of course this is much better than a handwritten signature because it is cryptographically secured . 
  in contrast , i can not use my german eid to sign documents for another private person . 
  i can only verify my identity at specially registered websites , which have to pay a large amount of money to offer these services . 
  for example , with the german eid i can not sign my lease documents and send them via email to my land owner ( another private party ) who also signs them and sends them back . 
  this would be a typical scenario which i encountered several times and it is a pain in the ass to use the postal service for these things to send an unsecure handwritten signature to the other party . 
  whenever i encounter this , i think that i am living in the last century . 
  pki exists now for more then 20-30 years and i still have to use handritten signatures ? 
  wtf !, 
  yes , that 's true !, 
  yeah !, 
  i want one of their id cards . 
  their id cards do public-key-infrastructure right . 
  in comparison our german eid is worthless . 
  i hope andrus ansip will introduce the estonian id card european wide . 
  i also think that a cheap euro is not one of the main factors leading to a strong germany economy . 
  there are other factors which are much more important . 
  for example , the liberalization of the labor market and in general a strong export oriented industry . 
  already before the euro germany had a strong export industry . 
  it does n't look like a weak euro has led to a much increase in the exports relative to other countries without euro . 
  [ 1 ] http://www.indexmundi.com/g/g.aspx?v=85&amp;c=fr&amp;c=gm&amp;c=uk&amp;c=us&amp;l=en, 
   first : germany until now is not paying our debt . 
  period . 
  you ( and italy ) helped greece/spain/portugal / ireland . 
  according to the balance sheets of the target2 system germany , luxembourg , netherlands and finland are already financing the debt of the rest of the euro-zone . 
  so germany is already paying this debt . 
  period . 
  this direct debt financing is at least visible in the balance sheets . 
  so far it is ok , because each national central bank can adjust their policies accordingly . 
  if the ecb buys government bonds directly , then this will increase the shared liability even more . 
  and this directly violates the `` no bailout '' clause in the maastricht treaty . 
  the ecb says that they buy only government bonds if these countries do their economic reform programs . 
  therefore the oversight is at the ecb , which is not elected by the european people . 
  this is a major problem and leads to even more problems further down the road . 
  what do you think are the interests that are represented in the ecb ? 
  are these the interests of the european people or are these the interests of some financial elite ? 
  what kind of reform programs will the ecb enforce and couple with the bond purchases ? 
  i would like it much more if the european parliament has control over these bond purchases . 
   second : italy would be happy to enter in a closer political union ( polls suggested that in the past ) , but it does n't seem to me that a more integrate political union will lead to eurobonds . 
  i know that italy is not one of the major countries opposing a closer political union . 
  personally , i think eurobonds are just not thinkable without closer political union . 
  if we would have a closer political union with a strong european parliament with full legislative rights , it would be unthinkable if this elected parliament can not issue its own bonds . 
   third : every country gave away that kind of sovereign . 
  not just germany . 
  the ecb should be independent , what do you suggest ? 
  that the ecb buys only abs from north europe ? 
  i would suggest that the ecb sticks to the maastricht treaty and does not buy abs at all . 
  i would be happy if the us would eliminate their military bases in germany . 
  do you realize that germany is still an occupied country since wwii ? 
  of course germany . 
  or do you think italy would be able to pay debt of 120 % of gdp when it is still increasing the debt ? 
  the thing is that many germans would even be ok with paying your debt if we would be in a closer political union . 
  but that is strongly opposed by most countries arguing that it would take away their sovereignty ? 
  the same thing happened when west germany paid for east germany and in fact is still paying to east-germany . 
  but do you see the difference to the european level ? 
  after german reunification there was a political union and both west-germany and east-germany gave up most of their sovereignty to a larger body . 
  i just do n't get how countries can expect that germany will pay for their debt without more political control on the european level ... did you actually think about the fact that germany is at the moment giving away it 's sovereignty because it can not control which asset backed securities the ecb buys ? 
  at the same time the debtor countries still keep their sovereignty and happily borrow more money . 
  i have the impression that europe is completely lacking new developments in space launch systems . 
  it seems ariane 5 me and ariane 6 both look very old in comparison to fully-reusable launch systems from spacex . 
  would n't it be best to just abandon both ariane 5 and ariane 6 .
