an economics textbook based on the economics of the western world ? 
  yeah that 's really what i want to read ... 
  it 's an opinion that people 's wants are unlimited . 
  in my experience , people just want to be happy and are tricked into thinking materialism is the way to achieve this . 
  i 'm not here to discuss the merits of ` communism ' with you . 
  i 'm here to discuss the basic income . 
  what i will say is that these regimes are not examples of communism and to presume otherwise is just shear ignorance . 
  they remove the incentive of rich people to get even richer . 
  i think that is a good thing . 
  that is n't true . 
  the lower limit is 20 days + bank holidays . 
  i 'm sorry mate but you are wrong . 
  you overtake and then you move left , simple . 
  people who use the right hand lane do tend to understand this point and therefore move over when there is space . 
  staying in the middle lane when there is no one in the left hand lane is stupid , dangerous and wrong . 
  because the the middle lane is an overtaking lane . 
  that is the reason for it . 
  staying in the middle lane causes delays , congestion and is dangerous . 
  how is that a silly law ? 
  greece does want help , it just does n't want to prioritise foreign debt over its citizen 's lives . 
  seems fairly reasonable to me . 
  well , if it means a better standard of living for the greek people , i am happy as a british and eu citizen to wipe the debt . 
  this graph does not predict the future . 
  although it would n't be the first choice , why not ? 
  the way i understand it is that this debt is no longer to private stakeholders but to nation states . 
  these nation states could easily write the debt off . 
  if you have been following this closely , you 'll notice that greece has been making lots of reforms . 
  it just is unwilling to go all the way , and fair enough . 
  we have to meet them half way . 
  you do n't know that for a fact at all . 
  stop spouting endless rhetoric . 
  greece are exploiting the eu ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  write off the debt and let them get on with it . 
  the whole point of a union is that you do n't abandon states in need . 
  so much for european unity . 
  fully agree with you mate . 
  i 'm sick of the selfishness of western europe . 
  as a greek , what are your thoughts on the whole thing ? 
  well that is obviously not a serious , viable or moral way of handling this situation . 
  i hope you are joking ? 
  the shire is moseley , birmingham , england, 
  we do n't know what the final deal will be but as is with everything in the eu , it will be a fudge of some kind . 
  hopefully , a fudge that is mutually beneficial to ireland and great britain . 
  actually , i am a 2nd generation immigrant from one of those major urban centres that voted to remain but your anti-english xenophobia is disgusting . 
  get a grip and grow up . 
  what has that got to do with anything ? 
  if wales was deciding their own destiny independently , they would have also voted to leave . 
  keep your anglo-saxon racism out of this . 
  canada now has free trade with the eu without freedom of movement of workers . 
  no-one is excusing waterboarding and shooting of protestors . 
  most people on reddit are only old enough to fully experience the uk after the good-friday agreement . 
  ireland just is n't an issue anymore . 
  well you seem to think that this is ` england 's fault only . 
  we could move the border to the mainland ? 
  besides , it does n't really matter if we have free trade still . 
  we are n't stopping people coming to the uk to visit , only to work . 
  neither do brits . 
  what 's your point ? 
  well you are n't in schengen which makes you slightly different . 
  wales also voted for brexit . 
  look mate , i voted remain too , but we are where we are . 
  good thing more rational and reasonable people will be doing the actual negotiations . 
  then put all your money into shorting the pound if you are so certain . 
  actually the best interests of eu citizens are served by keeping trade links with the 6th biggest economy in the world . 
  my grandmother is a french citizen but she has lived in the uk for 40 years . 
  is it in her best interest to punish the uk ? 
  you 're very ill-informed and ignorant you know ? 
  the british economy will take a hit , but it 's the price we , as a nation , have decided we are willing to pay . 
  it wont be the end of the world and global corporations will continue to invest in britain . 
  danish company novo nordisk just announced an investment of # 115m in the uk http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/brexit-latest-news-novo-dordisk-pharmaceutical-giant-uk-drug-research-centre-115-milliom-vote-of-a7552541.html, 
  you 're indoctrinated yourself so its pointless arguing . 
  many millions of irish people live and work happily in the uk amongst its people and enjoy our shared heritage . 
  the empire is gone , we do n't even learn about it very much in schools . 
  we learn about long gone kings and queens and ww1 and 2 . 
  ireland is just a friendly country next to us with a similar culture and mainly common language . 
  no living person in britain has abused or starved ireland . 
  get over yourself . 
  does n't matter though does it ? 
  we 've already voted to leave , it 's too late . 
  well i did n't vote to leave either but here we are . 
  my mess ? 
  by your flare , it 's also your mess ? 
  our mess . 
  there might be job losses , but there might be jobs gained elsewhere in manufacturing with the weaker pound . 
  none of us know what 's going to happen . 
  many in this country , especially on the left , have longed for less of a focus on finance . 
  now 's our chance . 
  that 's very kind of you , thank you !, 
  maybe - but they did n't feel like they were . 
  besides finance will continue in the uk , just not to same extent . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  only one way to find out . 
  regardless , we 've already voted to leave . 
  it 's done . 
  we 're going to have to make the best of it . 
  well we wo n't be getting anything for free . 
  we 'll be contributing to the eu budget . 
  i 'm sorry - but it 's true . 
  it 's not just in britain either , there 's significant percentages of france , denmark , germany , sweden and italy that think the same .
