  ] ( https://twitter.com/grybauskaite_lt/status/426681154985398272 ) update : [ on monday ten ukrainians who were injured during the protests in kiev will be brought to lithuania for treatment and rehabilitation . 
  ] ( http://www.lithuaniatribune.com/61790/ukrainians-injured-during-protests-in-kiev-to-be-treated-in-lithuania-201461790/ ), 
  it 's kind of hard to tell in our family . 
  seriously though , we love latvians to bits . 
  no , scratch that , we love latvians * and * estonians to bits , 'cause that 's how we are - yes , we poke fun at each other , but we also stood side by side , when the time called . 
  and i mean [ literally stood side by side . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltic_way ) oh , and we do n't have no laws that allow us to hit each other with sticks if we cross the frozen sea . 
  [ unlike you , danes ] ( http://satwcomic.com/the-law-is-the-law ) . 
  okay , now that gives us some context . 
  and i still stand by what i said - the title is inadequate , and now it appears it has no real connection with what the author wanted to show with his pictures . 
  a * journalist * , naming his article in this way actually should give us a balance view of a country . 
  unless he 's a shitty journalist . 
  he is defining it by saying that this is what it 's like to live in former ussr . 
  he could 've named it something else , something that would allow his pictures to stand for what they are . 
  that 's what i have problems with - the title , not the pictures . 
  is that why you never give us points in eurovision , eh ? 
  ^ ^ you 're ^ ^ breaking ^ ^ my ^ ^ heart . 
  yeah , but the article is titled `` what 's it like to live in former ussr states '' , and life is not like this here . 
  it might be for some , but you cannnot possibly define life in the whole fucking country by one photograph . 
  i do n't care for the photographs , but the title is inadequate at best . 
  no , no , no , vilnius was part of poland in between world wars , as it was occupied in ... 1920 , i think . 
  iirc , when the second world war started , lithuania and the soviet union had a deal that we would join the union and allow the red army to enter the territory of lithuania , and the soviets in return would give us vilnius back . 
  precisely . 
  kaunas is called `` temporary '' capital for a reason . 
  even if we only look at 1918 , when lithuania declared independence from the russian empire , the capital was still vilnius , because it was occupied some time later . 
  vilnius was occupied by the polish in between wars until 1939 , not during the wwii . 
  the whole idea of lithuania letting the red army in and joining the ussr was based on the fact that ussr promised to give vilnius back to lithuania . 
  i do n't know much about `` coding '' , so please , feel free to correct me if i get something wrong . 
  coding is this rather strange thing that you always keep hearing about when you visit your grandmother : `` oh , have you heard , your uncle arthur * got coded again ? '', 
  ( * uncle names may vary ) as it says in the article - it 's a suggestion-based method , the suggestion being `` you drink - you die '' kind of thing . 
  from what i gather , coding is sort of like hypnosis , and it should help you feel aversion to alcohol for a period of time ( coding for 1 year costs about 75 euro in lithuania , coding for 5 years - 200 + euro ) . 
  there are , of course , many similar methods to fight alcoholism . 
  for example , getting a `` torpedo '' which is , traditionally , sewn under the skin . 
  if someone starts drinking while having the torpedo , rumour has it , the poison will be released into the body , killing the person ( again , the `` you drink - you die '' principle ) . 
  while i think , it mostly just causes nausea and digestive troubles . 
  the biggest question is - does it work ? 
  it does not work , if you do not make it work . 
  coding is just part of the treatment , although many people view it as the easy way out , and that is a terrible approach to the problem . 
  it 's easy to get a code , but what good does a year of sobriety do , if the situation that led to alcoholism has n't changed ? 
  i 've read about many cases where a person who stopped drinking for 2-3 years while the code was still `` active '' , started drinking immediately after , and in many cases , the situation only got worse ( maybe it 's just me , but i think it has a lot similarities with people overdosing when they start using drugs after a long sobriety , because they usually use the same amount they used before quitting , at the same time forgetting that the body is no longer used to that amount ) . 
  these people do not look forward to getting better - they look forward to the code expiring . 
  the final outcome of these treatments really depends on the support of family and close friends and on the people themselves . 
  if i do not aceept that i have a problem , no amount of coding or torpedoes , or other treatments will help me . 
  i 'm not sure if anyone in my family used coding . 
  i believe , my mother 's brother might have , because he was in a pretty bad shape and then sobered up quickly . 
  not for long , unfortunately . 
  so , this is my rather simplistic view on coding and narcology . 
  i do hope someone could explain everything better . 
  we 're people , not monetary units . 
  i think , the reason we wanted our own country is quite simple - while elite was polonised , common people preserved their culture ( especially \u017demaitija , the western part of the country ) , which had a prominent role during the period when we belonged to the russian empire and the ban of lithuanian press , and the rise of nationalism . 
  so the independence was brought by the common people , not the elite . 
  ( though i might be completely wrong here ) now , the whole vilnius affair is still a touchy topic , but i think we 're kind of neutral towards poland . 
  football hooligans on the other hand ... of course , we do have lots of problems concerning the polish minority in lithuania , but that 's kind of unrelated . 
  okay , i know nothing about this whole thing , but getting a new ceo is kind of the same as getting a new president - you ca n't blame him for the mistakes his predecessor made that put the company in that position in the first place . 
  a bit more footage from the actual red army attack ( with english subtitles ) : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxd9bwoajgc warning : gore/dead people . 
  1953 , after stalin 's death , when half of the population is either dead or in siberia - well , fuck . 
  i love you . 
  do n't remember the last time i laughed that much while looking at a picture . 
  it is understandable , but ... well , we joined nato almost 10 years ago . 
  i honestly think that it 's more than enough time to get over it . 
  oh , do n't get so dramatic with broken promises , it 's not a lifetime movie . 
  gorbachev was a leader of a union that no longer exists - he is no one and i 'd rather leave him at that . 
  edward snowden has left the airport . 
  edward snowden has been saved . 
  ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ could n't ^ ^ ^ help ^ ^ ^ myself ... 
  i do n't think soviet union could 've acted the same way china did . 
  you see , the government in china killed its own people , and soviet union invaded and killed people in independent countries . 
  granted , still not recognised as sovereign independent states , but we were no longer part of the soviet union . 
  the acts of the red army were immediately followed by other countries condemning soviet union for their actions . 
  and i do n't think they wanted an even bigger backlash . 
  with so little people dead , gorbachev can to this day pretend that he did not know about the ra invading the baltics and killing civilians ( and keep his nobel peace prize award ) . 
  if he acted more agressive , he risked quite a lot , since other european countries already knew what happens when one country with a big army starts occupying other countries and moving over the map in their general direction . 
  i honestly think , that people behind january events thought we would surrender peacefully . 
  i do n't know how about you , but i 'm not too keen on violence . 
  if , say , lithuanians attacked soviet troops , and killed them , it would 've been an armed conflict with a much darker outcome . 
  in the following days , ussr officials tried the good ol' `` but they started it '' campaign , but do you think anyone believed them ? 
  if lithuanians really attacked them , there would have been far more than only 14 people dead . 
  common people did not have guns , and they all knew that they risked their lives going to the television tower and other places that were attacked . 
  they could 've stayed at home at ignored everything , acting cowardly . 
  but they did not . 
  how could you not admire people like that ? 
  people who stood hand in hand singing songs , who faced the whole glory of the red army and did not run ? 
  the tv tower was taken , and so was radio and television committee building . 
  but did people run after this ? 
  no , they gathered around the supreme council buiding , they built barricades , and they were still singing . 
  my father was there . 
  he left his pregnant wife with a 3 year old daughter at home and no one knew if he 'd come back alive . 
  my mother almost miscarried that night . 
  it 's not an achievement of `` not being crushed by tanks '' , it 's an achievement of being able to face an impending doom and still have enough strength to go on . 
  [ the singing revolution ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/singing_revolution ) , especially the events of january 13th of 1991 . 
  do n't worry , we 're kind of used things like this . 
  we have all the dumbest political parties in the world ( the head of the labour party was sentenced to jail a few weeks ago for fraud , socialdemocrats are our red flowers , aka ex-communists , conservatives spent half of their time in the last tenure arguing over what makes a family , liberals are nice , but no one votes for them , and the head of our order and justice party was a president once , until he was impeached for leaking out some classified information to a russian millionaire ) , but people still vote for all of them , so we basically reap what we sowed . 
  it 's a shame that it only serves to further delay the time when we will learn to be nice to each other ... or at least understand that dumb politicians do not actually represent people they * should * represent ... 
  i completely agree . 
  i guess that 's the problem with them being literally a polish party . 
  not conservatives , not liberals , not social democrats , just the polish election party . 
  so , if , say , the conservatives were the first to propose the law banning abortions , people would blame the conservatives , not lithuanians , russians or polish people , but because it 's a party based on nationality , people might blame the whole nation for it . 
  i think , it also has a lot to do with the polish minority in and around vilnius and the polish party in the parliament ( especially recently , because of the whole anti-abortion deal ) . 
  you got it from that ridiculous / r/funny thread , did n't you ? 
  i 've never seen a place filled with so many bigots ... on both sides .
