  for me , the e46 compact is one of the ugliest cars bmw has ever made . 
  but that does n't change that they are practical and unique , and they scream `` euro '' like probably no other bimmer . 
  i want to say i 'm repulsed by how much america seems to be obsessed with race . 
  for americans , it seems to be perfectly normal to categorize humans into races , and refer to their skin color as `` my race '' . 
  if anyone in europe would say a thing like `` i do n't like dating outside my race '' , everyone in the room would respond with a disgusted look on their faces . 
  and `` race '' as in skin colors is n't even an established scientific term . 
  it 's just something people made up . 
  muslims in europe do n't have shitty education or shitty access to social goods . 
  where do you get this from ? 
  europeans for the majority do n't discriminate against muslims , not more than americans do . 
  they do n't isolate muslims . 
  muslims isolate themselves . 
  europeans are actually very tolerant towards them , having immigrated hundreds of thousands of them into their countries as the years passed and granting them more and more rights and making changes in education systems , social systems and even judicial systems in favour of them . 
  britain seems to be the worst case , with muslism sharia patrols enforcing violations against the quran on british streets . 
  a public school infiltrated by muslim council members hosted extremist preachers , praised al qaida , and used 120,000 pounds of public funds to host a pilgrimage to mecca . 
  another study found out that many teachers in england are afraid to teach about the holocaust , and refuse to discuss whether the holocaust happened or not , because they do n't want to offend the feelings of muslim students . 
  for all these reasons and many more , it is true that even liberal europeans start to become skeptical and outright scared of islam . 
   the fact that muslim ghettoes exist with shittier schools , and the fact that these communities are poorer . 
  ghettoes is a very strong word . 
  what areas are you actually referring to , that are so terrible ? 
  what shitty schools ? 
  you could make the same claim with ghettoes and shitty schools in american areas like detroit , and take that as an example for discrimination against blacks in america . 
   neo-fascists politicians like golden dawn and the bnp do n't exist in the us . 
  reason being that america does not have to face the problems that european nations have to face with a large number of muslims immigrating . 
  america also does n't have the excessive social and welfare systems that muslims are taking advantage of in european nations . 
  if a person in america does n't work , he will end up on the street . 
  in europe , this is a bit different . 
  still , america has its share of extremists and fascist movements . 
   that 's a strong claim . 
  any evidence ? 
  inform yourself . 
  parallel society is a strong term in european politics and they exist in every nation with a certain percentage of muslims . 
   i 'm aware , but the tide is turning . 
  it 's turning because people are becoming aware what 's happening . 
  nonetheless , the number of muslims rises with higher birth rates and continuing immigration , and their political power rises too . 
   ... for all these reasons and many more , it is true that even liberal europeans start to become outright bigots . 
  so you do n't think all these things i listed are very alarming and concerning ? 
  people who worry about that are bigots , nothing more ? 
  is that lyrics from a song ? 
  yeah , we should try to hit him up and gather some more people and give it another try . 
  he 's not that little . 
  even though he 's following the alpha guidelines , he ca n't get sex , so he believes the 80/20 lie , because it 's easier if you think that 80 % of all men share the same fate as you . 
  take his car without asking ? 
  i 'm sorry but that 's some dominant feminazi shit . 
  you would n't get anyhwere near my alpha cock . 
  mitsubishi was in the electric business since day one , and if they bring out an electric or hybrid successor of the evo ( although i fear there wo n't be one ) , they could become really big players . 
  this is gon na be interesting . 
  in what world is a passat a luxury car ? 
  it 's not any more luxurious than a crown vic or a honda accord . 
  is n't it possible that in these cases , the person touched the woman first and she said `` eww , do n't touch me '' , and he removed the hand from her , and that 's how the photo came to be ? 
  why again is it destined for the middle east ? 
  are they worth more than the rest of the world ? 
  when i read the title , i thought it meant pouring hot oil into a 2 liter engine . 
  nice ride . 
  just promise you do n't get into any police chases in southern california . 
  i do n't agree with them . 
  iihs just wants to boost the economy , to make people buy new cars altogether , even for their teenage kids , and scrap their old ones . 
  yeah , that makes sense . 
  i thought that iihs was a government institution . 
   women - do not want a nice guy -, 
  `` nice '' is just one out of many traits that most people see necessary for a potential relationship partner . 
  `` nice guys '' claim to have this trait and somehow believe it entitles them to a woman , `` i 'm so nice , why do n't you sluts see it '' , when actually it is just one out of many things that `` normal '' people possess due to their upbringing - being friendly , respecting other human beings . 
  it 's a bare minimum , not something special . 
  much of your own rhetoric is akin to the fedora or red pill guys . 
  `` it 's true , women really only want bad guys '' , `` do n't listen to the white-knighting '' are things these people would say too . 
  is it really that much easier on the gay side ? 
  in europe this is the honda accord , and the wagon is actually pretty awesome . 
  it 's got loads of space . 
  the mk v golf definitely does n't look 10 years old even though it is . 
  lol , he actually did !, 
  ... oh wait i get it . 
  american car market is like the car dreams of a 13 year old `` no , i do n't want the lame hatchback , i only want the coupe !! '', 
  probably not even his car , but some car he found on instagram and thought looked badass . 
  not everyone needs a partner to be happy . 
  advice for the general population might not be the right advice for a specific individual . 
  i think you need to rethink some of the opinions you have and stop punishing yourself with these thoughts . 
  one example : masturbation is not murder of your unborn children . 
  my current class in my college has a female ratio of 70 % . 
  call me stupid , but i do n't like it . 
  i 'd rather have more guys around , because i can talk to them a lot easier and make closer relationships . 
  i wish it had a 50/50 ratio because i do n't know what to do with all these girls , i ca n't find anything to talk with them and i sure as hell wo n't try flirting or anything close to that . 
  it 's only been two weeks and i 'm already a bit of an outsider , even though i tried my best to make eye contact all the time , be friendly and small-talk . 
  oh my god , they even stole that joke from the uk version . 
  lol , when driving 130 , i get overtaken by dozends of cars within a few minutes . 
  this is soo common here in europe . 
  cars are more expensive to buy and maintain compared to america , and the young folks love audis . 
  so they can only afford the old models and try to make them look better with these single frame grille modifications . 
  it looks pathetic imo . 
  i posted a link to the picture . 
  can you see it ? 
  posted the link again . 
  hey rob , what advice do you have for young people starting and working towards their careers in these modern times , to follow their passion and interests , even if it 's a economically hard field , or to work towards a secure , solid occupation and pursue their passions and interests in their free time ? 
  slovaka is a pretty poor country with a 13 % unemployment rate and low wages for the average person , so give them that at least . 
  the good thing about france is they do n't have a yearly tax for owning a car . 
  denmark has a tax of 180 % on new cars . 
  getting a new license plate will also cost you several thousand euros . 
  in my opinion , this is borderline criminal . 
  i 've never been there but i imagine even in denmark many hard working people outside of cities are still dependant on cars . 
  i live in austria , and it 's pretty bad here too , especially compared to germany . 
  only fuel is relatively cheap .
