  when i 'm in a group of friends , i fail to see anyone leading the group , or anyone accepted as `` alpha '' . 
  same situation when i 'm together with my best ( male ) friend . 
  i ca n't even see any kind of hierarchy with us two , of course one may be physically stronger , and one might have more knowledge than the other in different fields , but there is no hierarchy or alpha . 
  if that is true for these kind of groups , why ca n't it also be true in others ? 
  or perhaps some men already have partnerships or would n't want sex with a total stranger , and thefore would n't have immediate sex with her . 
  can confirm , i 'm 6 ' 2 big jawed chad , no woman wants me . 
  that 's a very dumb answer . 
  freakin ' ** roosh ** is an author of trp ideology ? 
  great god . 
  no wonder most people outside your subreddit despise you . 
  of course if we talk about a topic where one has more knowledge than the other , the person with more knowledge will probably have more to say , because he 's more knowledgable on that subject , and he will likely lead the conversation or correct his conversation partner more often . 
  but that does n't mean there 's a social hierarchy between the two . 
  with none of my guy friends , i could say that one of the two is the leader of the group . 
  i mean , am i the only one ? 
  do you have male buddies of whom you think `` he is more alpha than me , i most obey him , because he is above me '' ? 
  and yet here is definition # 124,012 of what alpha means by a red piller . 
  alphas are assholes , lol . 
  a `` subconscious agreement to not dominate each other '' , that 's ridiculous . 
  how does `` dominating each other '' look like in reality ? 
  does the inferior friend kneel before the alpha and kisses his feet ? 
  lmao . 
  but that is contextual hierarchy at best . 
  if i know more about basketball than one of my buddies , it does n't mean i 'm above him in our relationship hierarchy . 
  different people have different interests and skillsets , so naturally they will be more skilled/experienced/knowledgeable than others in certain fields , but that does n't mean that they will be above them in some hierarchy . 
  and i would never say `` i 'm above you in the basketball hierarchy '' that sounds plain ridiculous and dumb . 
  and even if i come up with an idea for something to do this weekend , it does n't mean i am the leader . 
  if buddy a comes up with an idea what to do on weekend 1 , and buddy b decided what to do on weekend 2 , would you really retrospectively describe `` yeah , he was the alpha on the first weekend , but i got the alpha position on weekend 2 '' ? 
  so give me a believable example of hierarchy of two male adult friends , about the same age , in a friendship based on consent on both sides ? 
  no indian or other asian ( not `` east asian '' ) women in that list either . 
  also , none at above 6 with shorter hair . 
  because muh alpha dick ca n't get hard at short haired girls ... 
  i have n't seen a source from you yet . 
  so far , i remain unconvinced . 
  so all female programmers will be unhappy because the job requires skills that women do n't have ( such as logic ) . 
  and that post gets 300 upvotes . 
  but trp is only there to help men and not misogynistic at all !, 
  i 'm probably not the first one to tell you this , but thankfully there 's a mod for this :, 
  [ naked comment hypocrisy fix ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/30911/ ? ), 
  `` i have n't seen another face in here for years ! '', 
  your defeat against mayweather seemingly has n't done you well . 
  i guess there 's a reason for japan 's birth rate crisis after all . 
  interracial partnerships are something beautiful . 
  please take a time-out . 
  i hope that piece of **** never gets to sit behing a wheel once more in her life . 
  that 's a person you do n't know for real , a person from a youtube video . 
  you do n't know his personal situation , or his relationship history . 
  you just say `` because of his crackle , he will never get a relatinship in his whole life . 
  this proves men have it much harder . 
  fact . '', 
  not an excellent argument imo . 
  of course i ca n't verify your story ( i 'd like do add though , that in my country , working in elder care is well-respected among the general population ) , but i 'm sure the youtube nerd could 've plenty of relationships too . 
  he 's either not trying too hard ( perhaps it 's not that important to him ) or he has other things that keep him back , as i said , we do n't know him at all . 
  to me , this does not prove your claim of `` this guy has only one fault and therefore he will never find a relationship , that proves men have it 10000000000x harder '' . 
  only 1800s kids will understand . 
  well , with this mad rambling i was reminded of this guy : [ steve cunningham ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/steve_cunningham ) . 
  he 's a us navy veteran and professional boxer ( once world champion ) . 
  he 's as manly as most terpers wish they would be , yet , i can remember an occasion after a fight . 
  it was a disputed points loss , and he was sitting at the press conference , crying his eyes out . 
  one thing he said over and over again was `` real men cry ! '', 
   mommy never told him that if he did n't hit the gym , he 'd be spending his 20 's jacking off to porn and not smashing poon . 
  aside from the disgusting rhetoric , so much bullshit right there . 
  most likely not . 
  i 'd say the person hitting a standing vehicle gets the fault 99 % of times , not the person with the standing vehicle . 
  in this situation , the woman was clearly mentally deranged and unfit to drive a vehicle , so her insurance would pay in any case . 
  it 's like watch dogs , only in real life . 
  i agree with what you said about handling mental illness , but this is irrelevant while she was still driving . 
  she could 've easily killed someone in that state . 
  `` glass stops dirt and mud from coming in ... whaaaaaa ? '', 
  yeah , that reminds me of the author of the blog '' [ danger and play ] ( http://www.dangerandplay.com/ ) '' . 
  the typical pua alpha manly man manosphere blog , he 's writing all about red pill , lifting , steroid use , and street fights ( once he wrote he was in about 500 street fights in his life , or something like that ) . 
  then he appeared in a phone interview of some internet show , and what did i hear ? 
  a rather unmanly , high voice and he was even talking with a slight lisp . 
  what are ecs ? 
  agree . 
  there 's definitely right-wing opposition to ttip , but also left-wing and `` moderate '' opposition . 
  millions of people are opposing it . 
  that would be very awesome . 
  i want to add that research by the washington economic policy institute has revealed that the nafta agreement ( very similar to ttip ) has cost about 1 million jobs in the us and caused lowered wages in about 1 million more jobs in its first 12 years . 
  ttip opens up a very similar situation with the us being an opportunity to offer jobs with lower wages for european companies . 
  out of interest , can you give me the name of those 7 researches ? 
  that one went too far . 
  v for victory !, 
  this could become your life motto . 
  i would n't even give you my most incapable pokemon . 
  pretty sure the original photographs were larger than the versions published on the internet . 
  do young men really care whether they could support a family ? 
  i 'm in my early 20 's like probably a big part of the `` red pill community '' and i do n't even think about being a breadwinner for a wife and kids , it 's not something relevant in my life . 
  and even if that were the case , i would expect both parents to be able to support the family , not like a 1950 's family . 
  i know many men are frustrated , but is it really because they ca n't be breadwinners ? 
   i think a lot of young men are very disillusioned with the political and economic climate today , myself included . 
  it 's harder to get a job . 
  it 's harder than it was before to be a breadwinner and support a family . 
  `` i met this 7.5 / 10 at a bar and alpha 'd up on her , including ` push and pull ' , negging and the latest pua advice from roosh 's trip to poland . 
  yet she did n't let me slay her . 
  i wonder why ? '', 
  merkel is leading her country pretty well i think . 
  tried that already . 
  the brightness is right in the middle in these screenshots and lowering down to minimum does n't help much . 
  thanks for the response . 
  for anyone wondering , i fixed the issue .
