  or a woman who does n't want children but instead takes up a traditionally masculine job to protect her community instead of some man who ... ahem ... decides he does n't want to give something of himself and take up the internet warrior route to decry this woman 's decision as `` awful '' . 
  great for her , if that 's her thing . 
  it 's not like this woman had to have a child or otherwise we 'd have gone extinct . 
  overall , i do n't like the dogmatic approach taken by trp and other internet ideologies . 
  whatever works does work and it 's not like the world is n't big enough for different views or that you will die if someone is more happy with a different , non-traditional approach . 
  that 'll do , pig . 
  you clearly refuse to understand the single point i was trying to make :, 
   tbh , i have nothing against healthy images of masculinity or feminity . 
   but holding these concepts as the only true roles for humans to fulfill is so fucking limiting . 
  comparing taking a different role than the one you deem as singularly acceptable with doing drugs is simply insane . 
  i know for a fact there 's millions of people giving a flying fuck to your dogmatic images of `` how people should be '' and live perfectly happy lives . 
  regardless of what you think `` men are like '' and `` women are like '' . 
  just bury yourself , moron . 
  being curious , do you refer to alpa and beta traits for the sake of mutual understanding in this subreddit , or do you personally believe this classification of traits makes sense when looking at males ? 
  true . 
  but that they post some of that stuff of their own accord says bad things about them . 
  hey , can you please post the wiki link to dry steering one more time ? 
  people like trump , julien blanc or roosh got a lot of negative feedback for their `` looker room sayings '' , going as far as being banned from entering entire countries . 
  i do n't agree that high value men can do or say anything without bad things happening to them . 
  you 're right that he won the election , but he still got a lot of negative feedback and about half the country strongly disliked him for statements like this . 
  the point about pick-up artists also still stands . 
  how did you come to the conclusion that neediness is characteristically feminine ? 
  for example , when i think of a skilled , nurturing and caring mother , which is one archetype of feminity , that woman is n't needy at all . 
  she 's very capable of what she 's doing . 
  lol . 
  short guys can still be good looking humans , they only appear short when standing next to taller people . 
  example : [ floyd mayweather ] ( https://www.muscleprodigy.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/floyd-mayweather.jpg ) . 
  really fat people on the other hand are not aesthetically pleasing even when they appear in pictures completely alone , because they do n't have a healthy , ideal body shape . 
  `` women are biologically built to be needy , vulnerable , hypergamous , disloyal and unrational . 
  but i do love women . 
  who are you to call me a misogynist ? '', 
  devito is n't handsome or anything , but i would n't feel repulsed to see him naked . 
  wait ... are n't you a woman ? 
  and do you agree with all these statements ? 
  can you give me a summary on rpw 's take on this sentiment ? 
  i 'm not making a moral argument with this post . 
  also i think there are definitely terpers that would disagree with that because a lot of them use damage control to make trp seem less extreme . 
  that makes sense , although it 's not really revolutionary advice . 
  it just says `` find a good , attractive man when you are young and stick to him '' . 
  but according to trp , such a woman could still abandon her man because a higher smv man could come along at any time and she would likely not be able to resist him . 
  women are also less loyal according to trp theory , iirc . 
  no way , i 'm pretty sure most redditors are american . 
  no offense , but does n't that make your own gender pretty shitty by an objective standard ? 
  how you deal with it ? 
  i get what you 're saying . 
  but it 's still very overkill to see all of trp 's statements and realize they just serve to keep guys from being complacent and staying in shape . 
  there 's a lot of stuff that i read from terpers , including the 80/20 stuff , that basically says women are like some nazi doctors sorting out inferior people at the concentration camp gates , and only the toppest of the top can get some . 
  this is too absurd . 
  how about just saying `` well , women like attractive guys , so stay in shape and do n't become too fat sitting on the couch . '', 
  i would have never expected to hear such a statement from a woman , but there you are . 
  thanks for showing me a new perspective . 
  i find it kinda adorable how he misspells it , but still insists of using sophisticated language to describe his intentions with marge . 
  oil rig workers also make good money , which allows oil rig workers to buy many nice things for themselves . 
  i honestly have a hard time believing that a vast percentage of men need to feel they have someone `` beneath them '' in order to be happy . 
  unless you mean strictly in the bedroom , where i can see this tendency to be true , but i hardly encounter men who say they want to feel above their partners in their everyday lives . 
  i think it would be hard to find confirmation for this notion in scientific literature , too . 
  i do believe that a vast number of men want companionship , and feel the need for sexual relationships to be happy , though . 
  imo , morbidly obese women are unpleasing to the eye , while shorter men are not . 
  i 've explained why . 
  i know you have repeatedly expressed a strong dislike for short men , but i was just trying to give you a different perspective . 
  not everyone has the same opinion . 
  what you 're saying is another statement that i would really question . 
  sure , women are being able of doing evil things and supporting vile ideologies , just as men are . 
  people are prone to believe that women are inherently more moral and less capable of committing criminal , vile acts . 
  nonetheless , reality shows that women are just as capable of doing these things we say they are too good for , including backing misogynistic systems . 
  one example that comes to mind is the prime minister of pakistan who supported the taliban rule in afghanistan , and who was a woman . 
  however , i doubt that behind all of misogynist belief systems there were exclusively women , or that the most monstrous people were always women . 
  or that they have the most monstrous thoughts ( we can not investigate this claim ) . 
  dangerous ideologies such as nazism were primarily created and fostered by men . 
  sure , there might have been women influencing it through their soft power , but this does not absolve men of their responsibility for being the main actors in these belief systems . 
  the most notorious committer of atrocities have been , as far as i can see , [ mostly men ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/josef_bl%c3%b6sche ) . 
  a new far cry 1 would n't be liked because it would be seen as `` too linear '' and `` not open world enough '' . 
  what about the after pack ? 
  mom , a man just died . 
  imagine a sad , lonely incel guy . 
  he wants to have sex and you know for a fact if he put up an honest ad on craigslist looking for companionship , that after one week , a really fat , facially deformed girl would respond and they meet up , and she finds him kinda cute and agrees to spend a night with him . 
  he tries to have sex with her , but no matter how hard he tries , he ca n't get it up because he is simply repulsed by her apperance . 
  he is so disgusted that he even loses the will to make out with her . 
  is this guy now no longer incel ? 
  he did n't get laid in my scenario . 
  he could n't get it up , so ther was no penetration . 
  some making out was still possible , but did not feel attracted and could n't bring himself to kiss her . 
  is he still an incel ? 
  so why did you mention their height because that is in no relation to what the previous commenter had said . 
  wow , great post . 
  i completely agree . 
   in fact , we actively discourage recruitment and talking about trp . 
  we tell people on the sub to treat trp like fight club , wherein the number one rule of fight club is , `` do n't talk about fight club . '', 
  i honestly lol ` ed at the cringiness of this , hahahaha . 
  one could very well argue that a good share of terpers use non-falsifable mechanisms in their arguments . 
  one example is when they insist women are biologically driven to want a man to be above them and lead them , dominate them in some way . 
  when someone comes along and says he is in a happy relationship with a woman who is leading the relationship , they will argue that the relationship would be even better if he was leading and dominating her , and they will say even the most powerful , dominant woman would gladly fall to her knees for a higher status alpha male , should he come along and present himself as an oppurtinity . 
  this is a non-falsifiable argument , because you can not prove that this particular woman simply does not want to be dominated by a high status male . 
  a high status male wanted to sweep her off her feet , and she still resisted ? 
  he must 've done something wrong , or otherwise he would 've succeeded , she does n't want to be seen as a slut but secretely wishes to be dominated by him , etc. 
  i believe a lot of terpers do n't want their view of the world changed , and will use mental gymnastics to argue why even examples that contradict their view simply do n't count . 
  this is true for a lot of people outside of the red pill , the difference is that most peope outside of the red pill probably do n't use sweeping generalizations for entire genders . 
  what horrors are that ? 
  `` just be yourself , you do n't need money or a good job '' is pretty much the mainstream belief , to say otherwise would be dishonest . 
  european governments have been voted in by the voters for the last decades , how is it externally imposed ?
