  or if she really agrees to a date , you have to initiate physical contact from there on , by touching her hand , putting your hand on your back , sitting next to each other as opposed to across each other . 
  these thoughts make me nervous , because i do n't know how to touch a person romantically , and i would probably be very uneasy doing it , with someone who is still rather unknown . 
  i 'd rather move along very carefully , if she 'd really agree to go out with me . 
  at the same time , my crush for her is pretty heavy so right now the thought of her rejecting me is still terrible to think of . 
  if she virgin shames you , she 's the wrong woman for you is what me thinks . 
  also it should n't be something that you tell a woman from the beginning , because that would show it 's a huge issue for yourself . 
  `` i started working out , eating healthy , stopped drinking and doing drugs and do n't let people walk over me . 
  only red pill could give me this advice . '', 
  durr . 
  `` i do n't care i want my woman '' . 
  so sexy and cocky . 
  wow . 
  is rpw really all that bad ? 
  do n't forget the best part :, 
   i do n't care i want my woman, 
  lmao . 
  is `` chad '' now the definition of the alpa male who all women will cheat for ? 
  thanks for giving an answer instead of downvoting for simply asking a question . 
  lovely . 
  i 'm a guy in my early 20 's and i also do n't think about marriage . 
  not even remotely . 
  i disagree . 
  i drove a mitsubishi with a french renault diesel engine , lasted well over 155,000 miles . 
  never failed me once . 
  so your assuming all old couples love having sex with each other ? 
  the idea of partners losing interest in each other after decades is totally absurd ? 
  i do n't like when the male actors never pay any attention to the women 's breasts . 
  never touching them once in the entire scene , never grabbing them . 
  it clearly shows that they 're not even really into the sex or into the woman , they 're just doing their job . 
   if you say even one wrong thing at work , if you offend even one delicate flower , you will be accused of sexual harassment , and you will probably lose your job . 
  if you feel attracted to a woman at your workplace , go straight up to her and ask her if she is single and tell her you want to go out with her . 
  she will either say yes or no , but in no possible way you will be accused of sexual harassment . 
  the rest of the list is bullshit . 
  middle east is a hellhole for two reasons : their own development and the involvement from other nations , such as the us or earlier , the uk . 
  islam is n't the only reason for middle east being a hell hole . 
  `` fat people are n't all that bad . '', 
  i 'm serious business . 
  trust me , i have a skull on my fedora . 
  hey ... i wear polo shirts regularly . 
  i do n't think that 's a good idea . 
  convertibles have improved structural integrity because their missing roof takes away some of that rigidity . 
  this car was designed with a roof and the person who did that just removed that part of the car 's safety and rigidity design . 
  do i have to ? 
  that 's a childish viewpoint . 
  western interventions in the region has caused a lot of damage over the past few hundred years , the us intervention in iraq alone being responsible for dozends of millions of innocent civilian deaths . 
  it 's a complex array of reasons that has lead to this situation today , and the west has its share of blame . 
  no , they 're an option that is very rare even with premium brand cars . 
  no it 's not new , but here in germany , it does n't come standard on audis . 
  you have to pay extra to have them . 
  i wonder what they 'd say about [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbg0ycjgaa0 ) . 
  the author is a person with severe mental issues who has frequently announced his plans to kill himself . 
  he says because his mother chose a white guy as a partner she betrayed the asian race and all asian women who date white men do so because they find asian men objectively inferior , therefore their ( mixed-asian ) sons will necessarily have mental issues because their own mother deemed asians inferior . 
  the author also admits his mother and iirc also his father suffered from mental issues , which might indicate there is a genetic connection to his problems . 
  he has also repeatedly tried to boost his ego online , by using alternating aspects of his heritage ( e.g. 
  `` i 'm white , you 're asian , you are inferior '' or `` i 'm asian , you are white , you are inferior '' ) . 
  he 's a person with severe mental problems who has announced his suicide plans several times . 
  his blog is even named `` longing for death '' . 
  from my experience , men and women both overestimate height and penis size in general life . 
  both their own as well as of others . 
  disagree on that , you ca n't generalize it like that . 
  i 've seen many `` average women '' with short or shortish men , one being my uncle who has been with a very average looking woman for ... over 10 years i believe ? 
  it 's true that about 80 % of all woman want a man taller * than themselves * , but even at 5 ' 6 '' you 're taller than the average woman . 
  what are swamp germans ? 
  the first part . 
  what actually happens when taking the drug , what causes these wounds and how do they occur ? 
  so what was actually `` meeting her flesh '' ? 
  as she was sitting in the backseat , i 'm wondering what could 've caused that face trauma . 
  are there any sharp or hard edges in that region of the car ? 
  that 's a dumb comment . 
  you will be experiencing a very painful recovery phase , you 'll probably have a lot of problems and pain even for many years after recovery with an injury that severe . 
  if she can ever see again from that eye , it will give her a lot of problems , or she lost complete eyesight on that eye . 
  it 's a horrible thing to happen to you no matter if you were `` beautiful '' before . 
  no , you should n't be afraid . 
  right-wing movements and parties such as pegida and the fp\u00d6 are mostly critical towards muslim immigrants because they believe they do n't share our culture and respect western democratic and liberal values . 
  and they 're mostly critical towards foreigners who do n't contribute to the economy by being employed and paying taxes , and only make use of the welfare system . 
  since you are white catholics who have employment , you will be accepted by almost every austrian except for some small-minded idiots . 
  austria is extremely safe and you 're not in danger at all . 
  i see some mazda styling cues in there ... start button on the wheel , ferrari like ? 
  but overall a fine looking interior . 
  at least pegida and a large share of fp\u00d6 believe so . 
  well i said `` they are critical towards muslim immigrants because they believe they do n't share our culture '' . 
  i was just saying that 's the opinion of these groups . 
  looks like straight from final destination ... scary . 
  why in the hell would they use flammable powder ? 
  there is no video called 2 guys 1 hammer . 
  there is however one called 3 guys 1 hammer according to google . 
  you then grabbed your fedora and left . 
  op , did you establish an airline with that name just for internet points ? 
  `` hey ... are n't you the one they call the hero of kvatch ? '', 
  the german versions are spoken by the same guy that also voices silvester stallone and john travolta . 
  i do n't get the question ? 
  on a positive note , maybe it wo n't go up in flames that easily . 
  i certainly could drive the carrera gt on the autobahn and spure it there . 
  why would you need `` extensive racing background '' for driving fast on the autobahn ? 
  it 's done there every day , by office workers , housewives ... 
  well yeah , but the autobahn consists of straights and long curves adjusted for travelling through at high speed . 
  i 'm pretty sure i could handle that . 
  did you read my first post ? 
  i would be glad it was my hand , though , and not my foot to be severed and re-attached . 
  because my feet have to support my entire body , and i need them for walking , while i can go easy on my hand , and try to treat it very carefully .
