  thanks for the suggestion . 
  i 've already heard of the author of that book . 
  this advice is inconsequential . 
  if every kid on the planet got `` height increase '' via hgh treatment , we 'd still have proportionally taller and shorter adults in the end . 
  some people will be short , and should learn to live with that . 
  `` daddy why are we not going to the ship ? '', 
  `` the signs were mocking me , now shut up ! '', 
   from here on it 's assisted living , nursing homes , dementia , and death . 
  that went dark really fast . 
  not even once in op 's quoted text of this book is money mentioned . 
  but continue to spout your theories of `` beta bux '' that every woman in the world who has a relationship with what you perceive to be a `` beta '' does so becauses he gives her money . 
  yep , using a youtube premium account . 
  am i the only one wo thinks he has a really ugly face ? 
   virginity is a hindrance because most women are seriously irritated if a guy still is one by a certain age, 
  source for that ? 
  well , i think everyone has a different definition of a `` normal woman '' , and i think that first of all , virginity is n't tattooed on your forehead , and second , i 'm sure there are a lot of good women who would understand that a guy even at a later age has had a hard time in the past and for different reasons , sex just has n't happend for him , and still give him a real chance . 
  of course there 's also gon na be a lot of women who will resent a man for that , being it only for the reason that she thinks he 'll probably have no skills and ca n't please her . 
  but we have subjective opinions and no data of the number of both groups , so it 's gon na be pointless to discuss . 
  do you know which film picture 10 is from ? 
  thanks . 
  do you have any facts to back that up ? 
  i can guarantee you this guy was a well-respected war hero even in the 40s . 
  the fact that some individuals responsible for enlisting in the us army of 1940 did n't want to enlist him at first does not prove your bullshit statement that `` he could n't be cool according to 1940 's society '' . 
  the front is a complete mess : oh one front grille ? 
  sure , but why not two ? 
  okay , but what about three ? 
  ah for f. . sake , why not ... 
  hey , what the deal with feminists being called skeletons ? 
  what 's the origin of that meme ? 
  wow , that 's insane . 
  i mean , nobody would ask a 5 ' 10 '' man and 5 ' 5 '' woman couple how sex is possible for them , even though that 's technically the same thing . 
  i hope you tried to clear it up to the people who asked you that question . 
   this means that , often , among men , the smaller guy is made to feel that he must compensate for not being taller and more physically imposing , even if this is never done consciously . 
  this has given rise to a trope , both in fiction and in reality , of the shorter guy who overcompensates for being short by being especially aggressive and/or especially interested in power , the so-called `` napoleon complex '' . 
  it 's a reaction to feeling disempowered and disrespected simply because of height . 
  you know , it can appear very offensive ( and rightly so ) to play armchair psychologist and simply insinuate that a person is compensating for a ( perceived ) deficiency when he is overachieving , or rising to power . 
  this is why the napoleon complex trope is strongly disliked among a lot of people . 
  what i 'm saying is it can root in confirmation bias . 
  successful people do exist - in all shapes and forms and heights , there will be people who are more successful and achieving than most other people . 
  barack obama and vladimir putin both achieved more than 99.9 % of people ever achieved , yet only one of them receives the insinuation that he is compensating for height . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  not a native english speaker , can you rephrase that please ? 
  i can agree that there are people who feel they need to act more aggressive , or achieve more , because they are self-concsious about their height . 
  but what i wanted to show with my example is that this trope is also often unfairly applied to people who are successful , and made the hard way to the top , even though there is no sign whatsoever that they did it because of their height . 
  the drive to success exists in a number of people regardless of their height , and shorter people are often unfairly judged for it ( as the example of putin showed ) . 
  the great osean attack force consists of 8 tanks in a row ( cruick fortress ) . 
  because the most important thing in life is passing on your genes . 
  as well all know , our planet seriously lacks humans . 
  love how there is an obvious contradiction in your statement . 
  one one hand , claiming that `` women do n't do anything unless they like doing it '' , on the other hand `` women are earning more than ever before '' . 
  but getting careers and making more money always comes at a cost , and it involves doing stuff that you do n't like . 
  that 's intersting as from these ages on , men are actually becoming more rare as many of them die , and single and widowed women are getting more and more . 
  making money and building up a career requires doing things that are n't pleasurable , things that will just suck and annoy you . 
  becoming a doctor will require dealing with patients that you ca n't stand , becoming a lawyer will require attending some classes that 'll bore you to death , no matter how much you like being a lawyer . 
  so having a career requires what you say women do n't have . 
  i would argue that there is still the claim of pill ideologies that certain groups of people have romantic/sexual relationships , while other groups do n't , even if they want to . 
  shy men who do n't approach women being one . 
   yet another reactionary argument . 
  if people had bothered to read the thread and the ops post they would realize that he becomes friends with them first . 
  i want to add to that that it 's also `` mainstream advice '' that `` friendship , then romantic relationship '' is n't the correct way to get a partner . 
  one of the things that lonely `` nice guys '' are accused of is that they believe friendship automatically leads to a sexual relationship , and that a nice guy wrongly thinks if he just remains friends with a girl long enough , she will at some point develop romantic feelings for him . 
  to be successful and honest however , he should open up his true intentions right from the start on , before getting to know that girl even better . 
  so even if op asked women out with the initial intention of dating them , it would n't be wrong at all . 
  i realize this thread is 5 months old , but i wanted to add that . 
  thank you so much for this comment , i 100 % - ly agree . 
  on certain subreddits here , the claim that `` height + looks = everything '' is held as some kind of axiom , some kind of undebatable natural law . 
  it is never even mentioned that you ca n't always measure attractiveness objectively either . 
   most women do n't even think they can be losers . 
  in some aspects this has already happened . 
  for example , many people consciously decide against having children , even though their primordial instinct would tell them to reproduce . 
  i have yet to see a reasonable sjw , or someone who arguably represents sjw values , to insult someone based on their lack of manliness . 
  that 's not something that happens . 
  this is n't a social justice subreddit , it 's a joke subreddit dedicated to humorous mocking of a certain group of people or certain behaviour . 
  many of them exist on reddit , some were closed down ( fatpeoplehate ) , another example is / r/cringepics . 
  even if some people who identify as sjw 's or feminists post there ( i 'd like to see proof of that ) , body shaming is not an element of the idea of social justice or feminism . 
  and the subreddit you mentioned focuses mostly on behaviour , not appearance , and not behaviour that is mocked because it 's `` unmanly '' . 
  so show me a feminist or sjw who mocks someone because he is n't manly enough . 
  what i did n't like was how silva got an assault chopper through british air defense unharmed . 
   i already explained to you that `` unmanly '' is n't even the main attribute here , and you 're still cherrypicking it because you think it would be easy for you to `` debunk '' . 
  no , i picked it because you said it , and it appeared extremely weird to me that any feminist who deserves the name would harass a dude for his unmanly appearance . 
  if you make a claim you should be able to stand up for it , and at least be able to man up ( heh ) and admit `` okay , perhaps i was wrong with the unmanly thing because there seems to be no exmaple of a man being mocked for wearing lipstick or crossdressing '' . 
  now i agreee with you on the point that some feminists bodyshame some men , and this practice needs to be criticized ( thankfully , even some feminists appeared to have realized that as shown in your link ) . 
  of course it needs to be added that this criticism also applies to the other side - red pill , 4chan , certain `` incel '' forums are places predominantly frequented by non-feminist men and there is alot of shaming , hatred and insults against other men present in these places . 
  from my own experience , it is reactionary men who beat up other men the most , not female or male feminists or sjw 's . 
  nah , as a counter example there 's a youtube personality who makes pretty successful relationship and general life advice videos and he openly admits he was a kissless virgin until 25 . 
  life experiences are so diverse that generalizations like this are bullshit . 
  so it 's definitely not being done for and not a reason to put a gun on your head . 
  if people did it before you , you still have a chance . 
  and i 'm quite sceptical of the `` immense damage '' thing . 
  so women can not think rationally , only rely on their emotions , and all that stuff ? 
  congrats , they look really beautiful now . 
  seriously , what is cids ? 
  great summary , i agree with you . 
  and even if he would n't implement or be able to implement any of these policies as a president , stooping so low as using such fascist , un-american elements for your campaign speaks for itself . 
  first of all , going through your discussion opponent 's profile to find out where he 's from to mock him reeks of frustration really bad . 
  but i 'm going to respond with this : the human mind is n't that fragile that it will irrevocably break apart because you are what some people describe as `` forever alone '' . 
  many people after having lived through traumas , tough childhoods , abuse , dysfunctional families , even wartimes , manage to keep going and even live happy and satisfied lives . 
  i know of my own mother , having suffered sexual abuse in her childhood , still living a worthy and appreciable life today , even though mental probems are a part of it , but it 's worthy nonetheless , as she admits committing suicide would 've been the wrong decision . 
  there were holocaust survivors who went through hell and had lives worth living afterwards . 
  go watch the film `` life is beautiful '' with roberto benigni .
