  he went way too fast . 
  but i read ( on wikipedia i believe ) that they returned to the canon where their youth was in the 70s in later episodes . 
  activate laughing mode ... ha-ha-ha . 
  ha-ha-ha . 
  found the part where it says that btw :, 
   the episode significantly retcons some of the simpson family history , depicting the timeframe of homer and marge 's romance as being in the 1990s due to the show 's long run , as opposed to the mid-late 1970s and early 1980s setting in the early episodes , though ** later episodes would return to the latter setting . 
  [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/that_%2790s_show] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/that_%2790s_show ), 
  the whole thread is a cirlclejerk of white supremacists , alt-righters and trumpers , one of them saying that `` white guilt '' is the reason for `` collective genocide '' right up here . 
  it 's worldnews at its best . 
  just as bizarre as good ol' dubya when he stood infront of a huge american flag while preparing to send thousands of his countrymen to die for imaginary wmds . 
  the sad things is many watchers will believe what she said . 
  also , communist symbols forbidden ? 
  in eastern europe , but not in germany . 
  i do n't know , he 's 5 feet and 91-92 inches . 
  that 's a lot of inches . 
   / u/kozen117 is n't even talking about success , he 's describing how he has recognized things around him . 
  this does n't quite qualify as an `` appeal to success '' . 
  he claims that while trp concepts are frowned upon by blue pillers ( on the internet , mostly ) , all of the women he 's dated `` agree enthusiastically '' . 
  this is a statement on the sides of `` some bloopers may shun trp , but in the real world , it 's completely different '' , appealing to real life success . 
   / u/mrp3anut did n't so much appeal to history , but mention things are now different , and i think an appeal to history requires an author to say something to the affect of `` things past matter now '' whereas he seems to just be pointing out a simple difference between two points in time without pulling history to the forefront . 
  the key statement is : `` back in the old days trp practices were just the baseline that all men did . '', 
  it 's just an exemplary statement , the underlying meaning of the tactic i refer to is to allude that trp behaviour and trp wisdom was the complete and total norm in the `` old days '' . 
   the pattern in your research is that you conflate trp observations with trp argument . 
  many of these conversations and posts are trp men answering questions , not actively engaged in debate . 
  only one is an original post ; the rest are comments . 
  you are , on the median , claiming these are arguments when they are incontrovertably observations and anecdotes as basis for argument , which is something entirely different . 
  at best , your post needs a new title : `` things all trpers see after swallowing the pill '' . 
  from skipping over , there 's 4 or 5 original posts and several more statements from mods or endorsed contributors . 
  keep in mind they are examples , i have been reading trp poster 's material for longer and looking for examples of certain patterns can be difficult if you did n't keep note of everything you read . 
  good points !, 
   if women really are just all so awful then it 's a lot easier to talk to them , you 're going to be less intimidated by them , and it 's easier to be the guy who flakes on them or whatever . 
  telling men that women are like this can help them in these ways . 
  that 's just like the author of the infamous phrase `` women are children '' , who later said it 's not meant to be taken literally but to make it easier for the rookie trp members to talk to women . 
  a hyperbole , so to speak . 
  perhaps these veterans deserve a holiday to honor their sacrifice . 
  well , maybe they should have three . 
  i 'm bart simpson !, 
  56 % of comments checked off in a category , and 37 % included insults . 
  i wrote `` a majority rather than an exception '' , meaning that a sizeable part of comments is not an exception . 
  i also think this way of measurement is flawed , for example , [ this comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/theredpill/comments/4eog4h/learned_my_lesson_the_hard_way_its_better_to_keep/d233zgj ) can be considered very extreme , yet it includes no insults and no profanity , so it probably would n't be measured as `` angry '' . 
  i 'd say calm statements withot profanity or insults , but still with extreme content , like the one i linked to , could still be attributed to being `` anger phase '' . 
  but you 're right , if we just count openly angry statements , anger phasers are lesser . 
  if we assume that ` anger phase ' is a term that red pill posters use to soften extreme statements to non-red pillers ( which i have in my op ) , then any statement considered extreme could be called anger phase , by a red pill poster . 
  if trp comes up in a discussion on reddit , and someone states `` well trp is misogynist , look here , user alphadude90 said women are not good for any intelligent conversation '' , and someone jumps in to defend it by stating that user is just in the anger phase and he will grow out of it , then it fits . 
  good point . 
  the patterns itself are perhaps not good or bad in any sense , they are just tactics that posters from the red side use to defend their view in a similar way , with often very similar , comparable underlying statements among different posters . 
  they can do their job to convince others or support one 's view . 
  instances of these patterns might be arguibly wrong . 
  for example , `` important values from the old days have gone lost in our time '' is not objectively a wrong statement , but `` trp behaviour was the norm in old times '' , is a wrong statement , arguably . 
  that 's what it looked like when the world was finished with the chaos the nazis started on purpose . 
   agreed , but it 's nice to make these tactics and narratives explicit so we can have a discussion on whether they 're valid , e.g. 
  whether we can portray trp as `` the hard truth '' ( pointing out that they do that does n't prove it wrong , but it allows a discussion on whether it 's wrong ) . 
  ^ this is exactly what i had in mind when writing this paper . 
  no , the patterns themselves are not right or wrong in any sense , they serve a purpose . 
  individual instances that follow these patterns can arguably be wrong . 
  henry krassinger !, 
  the state should start initiatives to make every single police department aware of this requirement , and make them enforce it . 
  i mean , the perpetrator here could easily be found if he had a front plate . 
  the us is lacking behind in some traffic secureness aspects . 
  that ... that was impressive . 
  if your car has painted bumpers wo n't they scratch ? 
  if that 's the case , i hope he takes the train or subway to work because i would hate having to maneuvre my car into that sport every day after coming back to work , and every morning when going to work . 
  it can be about 1.5 litres per hour . 
   the men who do this love to love resenting women while denying they do in the first place . 
  often associated with the phrase `` i do n't want women to be men '' . 
  of course women are not loyal , rational or honorable , but that 's totally fine , these are male features . 
  i do n't want my girlfriend to be a man , i love women !, 
  it was my intention to portray the trp methods from an observational and non-judgemental perspective . 
  that being said , i guess one can see i personally rather disagree than agree with trp . 
  i feel honored to be mentioned here though ( am i allowed to post here ? 
  it 's all a big strawman . 
  different people have different definitions for respect . 
   he does n't hate women , he thinks they are different from men and think differently . 
  he says women , because of their biological nature , should not vote because it will destroy any society where this happens . 
  this can reasonably be seen a very misogynist and sexist statement , it accuses a huge group of people of not being able to vote for their own good . 
  it also ignores a huge number of other aspects that play a role in the isues he describes ( such as the refugee situation ) . 
  while he can say he does n't `` hate women '' , saying you appreciate the womanly nature can be just another way of being misogynist while trying to deflect accusation of misogyny . 
  `` women are not reasonable , logic or intelligent , but i looooove them . 
  what 's your problem with that ? '', 
  sorry but according to trp , you do n't exist , or you are a unicorn which does n't really exist either . 
  there are no women on the planet who find shy , nervous , unassertive guys unattractive . 
  if a woman says that , she lies and is secretely attracted to a hyper masculine jock type of guy , but is not hot enough to get him , or she is an extremely rare exception , who however , would still fall for a hyper masculine jock type of guy once she got the chance . 
  no , people only get put down on bp if they say hateful of bigotic things , not because of their `` beta status '' . 
  what i described is the general rp view of your situation , not my own . 
  this is like dividing by zero . 
  lol you have downvotes and such . 
  `` welcomed '' is a phrase i would not use when somebody is expressing such an opinion . 
  no one is saying he should be put into prison for saying it , but most people will feel strongly repulsed and disagree with such an opinion . 
  while a longer rebuttal is a possible response , labelling an opinion sexist , or misogynist , can be appropiate if it 's a correct label . 
  would you spend your time on a long , detailed rebuttal on why gassing jews is wrong ? 
  or simply say it 's wrong because it 's murdering innocent people ? 
  most people would agree vastly generalizing over 3.5 billion people in one video and even demanding to take away their democractic rights is wrong because people deserve these rights and you ca n't accurately generalize such a vast number of people . 
   i strongly suspect we put emphasis on the secondary qualities because they are often in our control , and we love to feel in control . 
  why is this a bad thing btw ? 
  do you think whining about how unfair your fate is because of your looks , will help you in any way ? 
  focussing your mind on negative aspects is not the key to happiness in any way . 
  focussing on working on other qualities not only enables you to become productive and actually achieve things , it 's also the real way to success . 
  think of the famous people that became known to mankind , inventors , leaders , thinkers . 
  does anyone ever say `` wow , this guy will be rememberd forever , he 's a pioneer of humanity , just look at his cheek bones and perfect symmetry ! '', 
  this `` truth '' you speak of will not help you in any way in living your life .
