  but trp has elements of a dogmatic ideology on how the world works and how it should work , that goes way beyond `` practical advice how to get laid '' . 
  that is obvious from observing it . 
  seems pretty spot-on tbh . 
  it 's the same when they insist that every remotely successful man is somehow chad . 
  i made this to show the impression that frank 's character had on me while watching season 2 of the wire . 
  no matter whether his criminal actions were noble or not , he seemed not to take the emotional toll that these actions claimed well . 
  you can sense his worry every time he feels the police might be onto him , or that his actions might have bad consequences , or when he gets bad news , and how it disturbs him . 
  in one of the earlier episodes of season 2 , after bunk and lester try to get under his skin in the bar , he goes to the bathroom and looks into the mirror with a disturbed expression , showing that he was deeply worried of his actions being revealed . 
  he 's a very tragic character to me , especially as i watched season 2 and saw the police creeping up to him because valchek has a personal gripe against him , and seeing how in the last hours of his life , he sees his plot falling apart and his own son 's life crumbling before him . 
  i was very sad to see him gone . 
  i remember seeing this episode as a kid and being scared of the thought of a parental figure forcing me to drink that dirty water . 
  do you really never want to be manly ? 
  that term is also associated with many positive traits . 
  why not ? 
  she being the type to propose shows she has initiatitive and a proactive approach on life . 
  these are important traits to have a successful life and achieve your goals . 
  every self-help book will tell you so . 
  so it 's ridiculous to me that one would not want a proactive person as a partner . 
  you are one weird dude . 
  found this post in my upvoted posts list and sorted comments by controversial just for fun . 
  lol do you really believe this bullshit ? 
  better tell that to the women in the psychiatric ward . 
  and then there 's the ex-red pill subreddit . 
  lol what a bunch of nonsense . 
  hey !, 
  why do you guys have such good parking spaces ? 
  i get the feeling homer overestimated what computers can do . 
   many women liked ` fifty shades of grey ' because it gave them permission to openly desire sex and orgasms . 
  ( i personally hated it and could n't get far into it , but i understand that basic thing ) . 
  it 's hard for me , as it is for a lot of women , to expect for a man to take the time to get me to orgasm . 
  it 's odd though ( at least to someone with a `` men and women are equal '' mindset ) how that story is basically all sexual acts that put the women in a position below that of the man , a hierarchy that involves the man being in compete control and the woman receiving pain , punishment and domination in that sexual relationship , while never exercising the opposite role herself . 
  it 's just like how i often hear people explaining the female preference for being spanked , slapped and `` manhandled '' with the reasoning that `` women love having sex , too '' . 
  weird how that `` loving of sex '' never translates to the preference for an equal or even dominant role in the bedroom . 
  many posters here have suspected the popularity of 50 shades to tell more about the female sexualiy than just `` being allowed to orgasm '' and i 'm inclined to agree . 
  playing devil 's advocate , could one say that the female preference for the submissive role in sex is nature 's way of telling us that the place of women should be the one beneath men ? 
  i know a couple of guy friends who do n't watch porn . 
  one of them was a muslim who never watched porn and never drank a drop of alcohol in his life . 
  so it 's definitely not 100 % of men who watch porn . 
  hormome treatments to stop the period ? 
  so true . 
  you can still shine in other ways . 
  yeah i know , there are men who watch porn and those who are liars . 
  but i disagree with that because some men do n't watch it . 
  still a pretty worrying fact for the theory that women can be on eye level with men , imo . 
  well , if you follow the `` natural instinctual dimorphism '' approach further , you could go along and start to argue it 's a man 's job to provide resources and a woman 's job to stay at home and take care of the children , that women should always obey the husband because he is a more natural leader ( dimorphism again ) , that men should be allowed to spank their wives as a punishment ( because after all , they like it in the bedroom ) , that it 's fine that men are making more money and are overrepresented in many important career fields ( because after all it 's a natural dimorphic situation that men take care of resources ) , and the whole trp `` women are children '' claim starts to gain some ground , because being submissive is overall more easy and child-like than being dominant . 
  overall a big part of the modern , feminist western world view crumbles apart once you admit that sexual dimorphism makes women naturally submissive . 
  i do n't know if i could respect a woman who naturally falls back to an almost infantile seeming `` child holding to her daddy 's arm '' state once her true sexual nature unfolds , and takes a big figurative dump at the women of the past , who fought for women being recognized as adult human beings on an eye level to men . 
  that 's why it 's problematic to me , personally . 
  i will admit that much . 
  r/edc = consumer whore contest . 
  they also want to show off the things they bought , with their tactical knives and car keys with the brand visible , thinking it will make them cool . 
  oh wow ... ca n't wait for christmas . 
  cutting loose threads from clothes , picking dirt from fingernails yada yada . 
  i mean , i can see it being useful sometimes , but it would be too annoying for me to carry . 
  summer is coming , and carrying just my phone , wallet and keys in my pockets already feels annoying . 
   i definitely think that women do n't want to be men , despite what terps etc might think in terms of women wanting equality in the workplace and with housework etc. 
  well , trp would n't say they want to be equal , they would say that women wanting to be equal is a symptom of an illness of society . 
  they 'd say that deep inside , women crave to be submissive , child-like beings , and some go as far as saying that the only reason women become doctors , scientists or leaders is because they have n't found the alpha enough man to fall on their knees for . 
  i probably do n't have to tell you that this is bullshit . 
   i do still think the main thing with 50 shades was permission to enjoy sex . 
  because if you are being restrained , you have no choice but to stay in the moment - and you may as well enjoy it . 
  ties into rape fantasy . 
  the women who have such fantasies would be traumatised by actual rape and they do n't want it , but the idea of being restrained gives them permission to stay and enjoy . 
  i understand what you 're saying , with female sexuality being societally shamed for a long time . 
  but with stories like 50 shades , it 's still a very passive role , with the woman being forced against her will , she has no way of getting sure her own needs are met . 
  only the man has control over the pleasure he gets . 
  she might not even be able to orgasm , so it 's a weird kind of a fantasy of being allowed to orgasm , in a way . 
  and i get what you 're saying with the dimorphism of sexes being attractive , on a primal level . 
  it 's just that this puts a lot of pressure on some men , me included . 
  being assertive , dominant and in control actually requires performance , as opposed to being submissive and passive , which only requires being there . 
  if you 're a man without much experience or success , you start to wonder how you can ever fulfill such a demanding role . 
  especially with a lack of experience , since you expect to need some of that to be comfortably assertive , so it often appears like a bad joke : you need experience to be successful and you need success to get experience . 
  and then you learn that women get to stay in their sexually passive , submissive state - hell , even revel in it - and that 's enough for them , they get attention , they get approached , and their craving for a controlling , almost `` fatherly '' partner , who takes care of things for them sexually , is societally accepted . 
  they basically get acknowledged for playing the easy mode in sexual roles , while you , as a young man , wonder how you can ever fulfill the role of a dominant , assertive , stoic , strong partner . 
  then you ca n't help but feel some cynicism or even disdain for the whole issue , sometimes even disdain for the female gender . 
  the last on the right looks pretty attractive . 
   so why is it ok that women get to have this anti-male philosphy . 
  not only that it is normalized and they learn early in life . 
  this is called whataboutism . 
  when have i said that i would agree with such statements being made ? 
  i would criticize and disagree with these statements about men , if i encountered someone making them , but i doubt that all women `` learn them early in life '' . 
  seeing as most women grow up in families that have fathers , grandfathers , brothers , uncles and so on , i strongly doubt that most of them are told that `` men have no feelings '' . 
  this thread however , was started to be about the trp statments in the op . 
   mean while men are never told women are cheaters . 
  they are never told women will lie to them . 
  that women will use them for attention , like men use women for sex . 
  they are given false advice . 
  like people start taking responsibility . 
  what you are seeing is a backlash . 
  you have people who have been mislead , hurt and told that it was their fault . 
  i honestly do n't buy the trp premise that everyone was told that `` women are wonderful creatures '' from childhood on . 
  it 's so odd to me because i have n't encountered it . 
  can you seriously imagine a elementary school teacher standing in class and telling the little kids `` well children , first you must learn that women are wonderful , perfect beings '' ? 
  i ca n't , but i have seen such statements made by terpers , which is a punching bag conspiracy theory by them . 
  sure , it might be true that girls get treated better in class ( had some teachers who i suspected preferred girls to boys ) , and the `` women are wonderful effect '' seems to exist in psychology , but it 's definitely nothing to the extent that trp paints it to be . 
  women can be horrible humans , and most men , even most high school kids , know that . 
  regardless , that is no excuse for the statements that op quoted from some red pillers , which are pretty damn horrible and they tell of a toxic , unhealthy attitude to women . 
  they are nothing more than revenge fantasies against the female gender , and not a healthy attitude to follow for the distraught men going to trp . 
  it 's not only that , the stuff posted there is often hurtful to men too - men who have a cuck fetish are shamed for not being manly enough , and the trp leader archwinger told you to call your son a faggot if he fails , and tell him he will never touch pussy . 
  great way to traumatize your kid , buddy .
