  yes , mental issues such as depressions , low self-esteem , anxieties , conflicts in you that have n't been worked off , and the likes - they are things that are not only in yourself , but you exude them outside , other people can sense and feel them in a certain way . 
  and they are also part of the person you appear as infront of others , they are part of what makes up your appearance and attraction . 
  now i do n't believe that all women within the first seconds of seeing you can accurately decide whether they will or will not ever want a relationship with you . 
  i know a romantic/sexual relationship can evolve out of an existing relationship between people , and this is where all these deeper elements will come up . 
  my own observation and experience tells me that visual attraction is n't the only deciding factor and a lot of unattractive people have relationships . 
   i can relate to that . 
  therapy has been and it immensely important in my life in exactly the same way . 
  you know what it has n't done , though ? 
  make me more attractive to the opposite gender . 
  because at the end of the day , it 's about visceral attraction - something that is as far removed from the scope of therapy as it could be . 
  therapy can not `` give you '' a relationship . 
  this will always stay your job . 
  but therapy , if used correctly , can assist you in becoming a more healthy , happy person , a more complete person , if you will . 
  these aspects both contribute to attractiveness . 
  it can also help you with shaking off habits which are bad for you , such as avoiding meeting people . 
   that would be a valid argument if there were examples of fas and incels whom therapy has helped . 
  there are notably none . 
  to be honest i would n't know where to look for examples to give you . 
  it seemed such an obvious , logical fact to me that i have no clue where to search for proof of it . 
  therapy can help people sort out issues which definitely hinder people having happy relationships . 
  this is like the statement that therapy has helped bulimic women overcoming their eating disorder . 
  it 's such an obvious truth that i would n't know where to look for proof . 
   these people literally get their news from reddit , and chalk it up as `` well this is what happens in america because i seen it on an american website . '', 
  wait , is he saying american websites are n't reliable and should n't be trusted , or why should n't people get news about america there ? 
  well yes , but since reddit was made by americans , it 's the achievement of every american citizen naturally , so people really should n't criticize america there . 
  straight up heinrich himmler-style eugenic rhetoric in that comment . 
  brave new 21st century ... 
  i 'm a native european with black hair , brown eyes and not tall stature . 
  am i allowed to breed or should i let my genes die off for the sake of keeping them beautiful blonde genetics alive , according to that nutbag ? 
  it does n't work that way , the government does n't decide `` hey let 's bring in thousands of new people to let our perfect genes die off '' , migration policy is a reaction to an already existing trend . 
  migration is a key element of human history and has existed since mankind has . 
  ironic that people call sjw 's the new fascists when there are proud self-proclaimed fascists well around today . 
  taking on massive debts to build up your nation 's military and stealing from the countries you invade is a top economy strategy . 
  i would n't say that . 
  there are places where you can reasonably get good information , such as cmv and politicaldiscussion . 
   also , vast majority of nations on this planet are sovereign nations . 
  sovereign nations with democratically elected governments , and these governments have for the past decades allowed migration in certain numbers , and yet , governments after them were elected which again allowed certain numbers of migration . 
  and for me i trust elected governments and their adivisors ( people a lot smarter than you or me ) to judge whether `` those numbers are way too high '' . 
  demographic shift is a key word happening in many western nations with the number of children born becoming dangerously low so immigration is needed . 
  the trends of people wanting to move to places where they have a better chance to a good life existed long before current migration politics . 
  the region between south africa , indonesia and morocco has about 500 million people who wish to leave their countries for better places . 
  one reason being that european colonization , western trade policies as well as the wars of america and europe have fucked up a lot of these places . 
  what a nation can decide here is modification to a limited extent - but they can not stop everything . 
  this is called the theory of autonomy of migration . 
   exactly my point !, 
  immigration is a government policy . 
  you just said it yourself . 
  thus as a policy it can be changed or repealed it 's completely up to us - not foreigners , airline companies , `` globalization '' , `` colonization '' , the un ... no one but us . 
  as i said , governments can try to modify flows of migration , but they have no full autonomy over it , as migrants are autonmous actors . 
  this is a rough outline of autonomy of migration :, 
   it is thus easy to forget that migrants are acting individuals who develop their own strategies to adapt to the conditions at the borders , and that the practices of the border regimes themselves are closely intertwined with these strategies . 
  indeed , while the border regimes may make ostensible attempts to keep the borders shut by criminalizing migration , they nevertheless reckon with , and even depend on , the fact that a certain number of individuals will make their way through . 
  more and more it is the transnational , illegal immigrants who are becoming the pawns of the increasingly flexible and globalized economies of southeast and western europe . 
  however , at the same time the political and economic self-interest of these economies provides migrants with certain opportunities to develop tactics of their own and shape their own destines -- leading to the unexpected effects of an autonomy of migration which extend beyond the limits of what can be controlled through planning . 
  [ http://www.transitmigration.org/themen/themen_e.html#autonomy] ( http://www.transitmigration.org/themen/themen_e.html#autonomy ), 
   how will immigration raise european birth rates ? 
  it wo n't . 
  their numbers will continue shrinking while foreigner number continues to go up . 
  only by a ethnic or racial perspective . 
  migrants can become citizens and therefore part of the nation 's population , which is an ongoing process . 
  only an idiot would argue that zlatan ibrahimovic is no swede . 
  additionally , in nations with demographic problems , it 's not necessarily about raising birth rates , but keeping the population number steady . 
  some subs are heavily biased into one side of the argument , others are more neutral and debate-friendly , and allow different views . 
  some of those even had a good discussion culture , and can be great for getting information . 
  when it comes to politics , / r/politics and / r/worldpolitics are probably pretty left-wing , while / r/worldnews is notoriously right-wing and pro-western ( although i did see heavy criticism towards israel and even pro-russian comments upvoted there occasionally ) . 
  but / r/politicaldiscussion does have intelligent and not heavily biased discussion culture , from what i saw so far . 
  / r/changemyview often features political discussions , and has no noticeable bias . 
  so yes , many people probably only view subreddits they agree with , but some have no real bias and can be great for information . 
  that steven seagal one were a us battleship is captured by terrorists . 
  how is the classic men approach-women agree arrangement now a feminist approach ? 
  they 're just a toy though ? 
  would you say the same thing about women using vibrators ? 
  it 's possible normal men will also use them once they 're available . 
   the same as usual : ignore it and do their own thing . 
   rp is about ignoring the male gender role of being a nice little beta provider . 
  but trp states awalt : women only find alpha male behaviour attractive and nothing else . 
  if you are a man who does n't fit his natural gender role , you 're not alpha , and therefore can forget about women unless you 'll wan na be a beta provider . 
  i definitely agree with you on point 3 . 
  i once made a gated community like you see them in the us , pretty far away from the town centre in the idyllic wilderness , surrounded by closed fences and trees and even with an own police station . 
  it even had r$ $ $ lots pop up , but many of them became unemployed . 
  this is unrealistic as you said , the rich people would n't mind driving to work 50 miles with their 2015 bmw x6 . 
  also i wish that the range of services would extend beyond city borders . 
  for example , if i have a cozy 300 people town next to my big town , it does n't need its own hospital , its own school and its own prison . 
  people could easily commute to the big town for that . 
  damn ... so this is 8 years of work in one picture there ? 
  impressive work !, 
  do you have any references about this case ? 
  i really wish they would actually give en explanation why they did this . 
  it 's fucking horrible . 
  i want to view a comment chain from 1 year ago ( all the responses are still in my mail account , from notifications ) , but the video has over 1,000 comments and i can only scroll for a couple of pages . 
  really bad . 
  the photo has nothing to do with the text . 
  the one who made it just found some picture of a fedora wearing `` neckbeard '' and thought `` hey , let 's make him a fedora wearing neonazi neckbeard '' . 
  with all these things happening i do n't understand how the republican party is still a thing . 
  do n't people see the hypocrisy and reprehensibility ? 
  going by that logic , the republicans should be history , yet , we see no such trend . 
  this is a serious question . 
  good thing we americans have really thick skin and are overly self-critical ... what did you say right now ? 
  criticizing american health care on an american website ? 
  the anti-american propaganda brigade is in full swing again .
