  approaching unknown women in bars is a minority . 
  `` a random person on the internet has told an incredible story that may or may not be true . 
  point proven ! '', 
  dude , the last picture made the joke . 
  why do men need to be the rock for women ? 
  what about men 's ability to feel secure and being able to relax and letting their guard down in a relationship ? 
  why should n't it work both ways ? 
  just like a lot of men who have the option will swap their aging wife with a young one . 
  i wish this were not the case , but reality is n't like a disney movie . 
  even 50 years ago , there were laws in place and women did n't need a husband for protection . 
  well , the post you replied to described marriage as an exchange of sex against provisioning and protection . 
  why did he mention both words then , if they have the same meaning ? 
  it 's ridiculous and untrue to claim that men only seek success and status for sex . 
  women can be attracted to a lot of things , succcess is n't the only one . 
  as i said , it 's one aspect of attraction , and women seem to value success more , but there 's a lot more factors in attraction , and most men have relationships in their lives , successful or not . 
  and of course success can be represented in many different ways . 
  and there 's ugly women with happy relationships . 
  crazy , huh ? 
  i replied to you 'cause i 've seen the same theory that `` men do n't have an inherent worth to women , they need success to show they are worthy , while women have an inherent worth '' supported by a lot of terpers , and i fundamentally disagree . 
  what statistics are there for your claim that `` men die trying to attain status that in the end is only sought after in order to win love '' ? 
  what source for your claim you will be `` less accepted by everybody '' when you say what bugs you as a man ? 
  what i wanted to say with all that is that it 's not the only factor that plays into whether two people will or will not be attracted to each other . 
  i was reading a lot of this thread and [ this pos ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/4c4ypf/cmv_i_think_the_red_pill_is_mostly_correct_about/d1f6ttw ) t describes it best : attraction is complicated . 
  so that 's all i think when i see posts ( not only yours ) that more or less say that as a man you have no worth to a woman unless you have status , which seems a cold and cruel assessment of the world . 
  i also do n't believe most men only value beauty and that more factors are important for them . 
  but i agree we should n't fight so thanks for the conversation . 
  what country is that ? 
  not to mention height . 
  this definition sounds like it 's more precise , but it 's still completely unbiased . 
  you have n't defined what alpha means nor have you shown any statistics that prove 95 % of women are attracted to it . 
  i would argue that murderers like the ones you mentioned , breivik for example , are pretty famous . 
  because they 're known by a lot of people there will be some weirdo women who will write them love letters . 
  most incels are not famous people and that means most people will never even have heard of them . 
  this is not a proof that no woman on the planet is attracted to shy loner guys . 
  i have seen a girl on the internet who seemed to fetishize elliot rodger , an incel , and this was probably because he became famous to a lot of people and some dumb girl out there thought he was cute . 
  then again , this is not really the point of your premise because you argued as no woman in the world finds incels attractive , it proves the `` all women wants alphas '' theory . 
  there is n't a proof for this statement . 
  `` shy loner means ryan gosling to women '' is another unproven statement for this theory . 
   i have n't seen women who deliberately sought out incels . 
  i do n't know about elliot rodger , but in his case , it would only show that garnering interest worked for him by displaying dark triad/psychopathic traits , which he could n't have acquired as an incel before that . 
  assumption . 
  we do n't know why that particular girl fetishized him , all we know is that it 's pretty disrespectful to the victims . 
   let 's pose you a simple question ... 
  i do n't know man . 
  that 's difficult to answer because there 's many possible reasons . 
  i would assume it 's because the men at the forever alone subreddit do n't offer many intriguing features to most women there . 
  they whine a lot and describe our society as horrible , unfair place that is in a deep crisis . 
  you do n't get to see their faces , see them act , get to know about their hobbies or what they are like . 
  you do n't get a glimpse of what kind of people they are . 
  it 's not a dating subreddit . 
  it offers no incentive to a woman to contact a man on there , most of the times . 
  before you say `` but murderers get love letters in prison and they are horrible people , yet incels get none '' , i 've already explained that they are very popular and that leads to some crazy women writing them . 
  i bet a lot more women have heard of breivik than of incels . 
   and for your attention , in sociological theories , we generalize things . 
  you worded it differently though , you did n't say `` women in general '' or `` most women '' , you literally said that no woman in the history of mankind has ever found a lonely , shy , desperate man attractive . 
  i imagine there was a lot of emotion involved when writing these statements , but it was bold still , which is why i called it out . 
   we know he was n't fetishized before that though . 
  you think it 's fame , but there are actually famous incels who are not fetishized , while all famous psychopaths have a much more excessive fetish cult around them . 
  but that 's exactly what it was , fame . 
  of course he was n't fetishized before , he was just a normal dude with some serious issues . 
  he specifically mentioned in his manifesto that he never approached girls and was only going through life witnessing grieving and angry how all the girls chose the assholes and not him . 
   you are right however that famen do n't offer any intriguing features to most women there - famen are n't dominant or demonstrating social value over other men . 
  i do n't believe that 's the only things women are attracted to . 
  there 's many guys in relationships without `` demontrating social value over other men '' or being dominant . 
  you ca n't just label every single attractive trait `` alpha '' of `` manly '' either to prove that `` awalt '' . 
  unless having social skills , having some sort of social status or mastering some pickup techniques is exclusively manly somehow . 
  and there 's nothing alpha about murdering some random people because life was so unfair to you and girls ignored you . 
  i agree with that . 
  but if a `` relationship coach '' advises men to take the dominant role , i imagine he must believe the majority ( more than half ) of all women fall into the `` naturally submissive '' role . 
  i 'm critical of this , but so many self-proclaimed relationship experts believe it to be true , it seems . 
  i can get behind that . 
  sounds reasonable . 
  but in the same turn , i would expect a woman to be a grown person , being able to cope with her feelings and not needing someone who coddles her because she 's a crybaby . 
  not needing a dominant leader who can relieve her of responsibility , and losing attraction if he 's not dominant . 
  if we agree that people should n't be discriminated based on gender , we should also agree they should n't get any benefits based on gender . 
  does this sub not archive the posts automatically ? 
  that 's too bad . 
  but thanks for saving it . 
  really sad story , i feel bad for her . 
  sure . 
  what 's hhl ? 
  both statements are wrong , there 's feminist women who like men who also agree to feminist statements , and there 's married terpers , even on this sub . 
  and you do n't have to agree to every crazy 3rd wave feminist statement to disagree with trp . 
  in germany , that 's even true . 
  `` feminism '' is a loosely defined term . 
  `` i believe all women should be free to fully unfold themselves and choose any career or life path they want '' can be described as a feminist statement . 
  this statement is not disadvantaging men , unless `` getting an obedient little housewife '' is the only motivation men can have . 
  men do n't only have their sexual satisfaction in mind , as a man i also care about morality and justice , which is why i have a true incentive to support such statements , and equally have an incentive to reject statements such as `` women are children '' or `` women are incapable of true love '' , which are very often spouted by red pillers . 
  so , the statment `` blue pillers have no real incentive to follow feminism '' does n't compute . 
  remember my earlier statement ? 
   and you do n't have to agree to every crazy 3rd wave feminist statement to disagree with trp . 
  and the blue pill is n't a feminist movement . 
  it 's mostly mockery of the red pill combined with a very mainstream , ( in my opinion ) reasonable world view . 
  you do n't `` choose '' to be bp because it would benefit your dating success . 
  and you do n't have to agree to some sjw on tumblr to reject trp . 
  what do you mean when you say you do n't agree with gender roles ? 
  thanks for that . 
  of course , there are a lot of things one can find to criticize in modern feminist movements . 
  but like i said , you do n't have to agree with every single writer or blogger to reject trp and be considered a bluepiller . 
  believing women should have equal rights and opportunities everywhere in the world is enough to be feminist , depending on who you ask .
