  obviously , because nobody wants to invade the us , just like the us does n't wan na wage war with its allies and invade europe . 
  we 're talking about a hypothetical situation with an open war between those countries . 
  this would require the us to turn into a dictatorship first and throw all its democratic values in the trashbin . 
  and what exactly do we get from discussing this hypothetical situation as it currently stands ? 
  please write one more comment . 
  these points are either only half-truths or they do n't reflect the general situation of grown up women in our societies . 
  the child custody case has been discussed a lot here , and there are two sides to it . 
  most custody cases never get decided by a court . 
  many men simply do n't want custody of their kids after a divorce . 
  if it goes before a court , it is considered which parent had spent most of the time with the kids and thus is the best option for the kid 's upbringing - this is most often the mother . 
  then , shared custody is a thing , at least where i 'm from , in europe . 
  also , the kid 's own opinion is considered and from a certain age on , they alone have the power to decide . 
  also , even as a mother with custody you have responsibilities . 
  are you an alcoholic mother who does n't feed her children ? 
  someone report you to child protection service and you 're gon na get in trouble , no `` women are n't responsible card '' there . 
  in the case of alimony , the income makes a difference . 
  men often make the most money in the relationship ( i admit one reason for this is women often look for men with higher income ) and thus have to pay alimony . 
  if a woman plays the housekeeper part of the relationship ( and trp very often advocates this distribution and even says women will be most happy in this role ) she would be in a very dire situation should a divorce occur . 
  she did not prepare for financing her own life because the relationship both had entered arranged a different role for her . 
  in this occasion , alimony makes sense . 
  during a marriage , a woman is only `` entitled '' to a man 's paychecks if the man agreed on that in the relationship . 
  i ca n't really comment on your office experiences because there is no way to prove or disprove them , and they 're not necessarily exemplary of a bigger picture . 
  i can only say my experience does n't line up with this . 
  you 're arguing in a way i 've seen over and over from posters in the rp sphere - saying that this is not only your own experience but the experience of everyone you know . 
  `` i have seen that this is how life is like , and not only with myself , but with all my friends and all my colleagues and everyone in the last 10 years has told me the same thing . 
  how can you not see this is the obvious , unquestionable truth ? '', 
  i do not have a lot of workplace experience myself , i openly admit . 
  but i see how my generation thinks about the future - insecurity about sustaining yourself and the economic insecurity are all around , both with men and women . 
  both genders try to make the best out of themselves to be fit for future jobs , there is no certitude by women that they will get paid for staring at a wall , because they can use the woman card when things get hard . 
  while gender quotas in executive boards are a thing , i think the rigid gender quotas are largely a myth . 
  and even if there are incentives to get more women into certain jobs , that does n't mean that women have no or less responsibility in our society . 
  my mother is divorced , middle-aged and self-employed . 
  she recently was close to bankruptcy because she did n't pay social insurance rates . 
  do you think somebody held her hand ? 
  did she just have to start crying , complain about the evil patriarchy oppressing her , and all would be forgiven ? 
  hell no , nobody held her hand . 
  it was the same procedure as for everyone insolvent . 
  she had to get a large chunk of money together and then go to court and hope she would be given a settlement with payment by instalments . 
  such is the case if you 're an adult person in this world , with responsibilities . 
  guitar players are actually popular with women . 
  word !, 
  when god distributed intelligence , that guy was sipping latte at the infiniti dealership . 
  the price does n't give information wheather a car is nice or not . 
  `` what a kerfuffle ! '', 
  and what car brand do you like ? 
  what 's with the hair ? 
  also this could be me ... a couple of years ago in school , not college . 
  except the stupid outfit , just a little bit of the attitude . 
  it 's supposed to fit for every nation . 
  i added the two weapons because i thought adding one for every nation would make it overloaded . 
  he probably gets punished one way or another , we just do n't get to see it . 
  `` hey !, 
  look there !, 
  an attractive cousin ! '', 
  i was just about to say that , while the glasses were an embarrassment back then , they would be a fashion accessoire today . 
  humans are faulty . 
  i just saw the first lines of that comment and my mind went `` a version of that copypasta i do n't know yet . 
  must read it ! '', 
  brilliant . 
  lol !, 
  that 's right , it 's not a punishable offense by its own . 
  that 's not what i implied either . 
  the reality is different . 
  by observing the societal discourse and climate regarding law enforcement in america and other places , it appears to me there is a more definite conscience of `` the police are our enemy , they are not here to hep us '' in america than it is in europe for example . 
  one indication is that the public is being taught the phrase `` am i being detained ? '', 
  as a method to deal with hostile police , everybody has heard of it . 
  `` know your rights , because the cops will not help you to know them '' . 
  i 'm sure that only a tiny amount of people would ever dare to say `` go fuck yourself you piece of shit pig '' to an american leo , because they have heard stories of arrests , asset forfeitures , tasering and getting shot while being unarmed . 
  they know that cops are trigger happy , and that they have to be for their own safety , because every goon could have a gun . 
  a cop can find a way to punish you if you pissed him off , by searching your car , or letting a drug sniffing dog make an alert because the officer gives it a secret command , by `` seeing something in your hands that looked like a gun '' , and so on . 
  this is why i believe most americans would agree saying this to a cop is an absolutely horrible idea and can get you into a lot of pain . 
  rust power !, 
   that 's precisely what we say on trp . 
  you say that like it 's an indicator that it 's a good thing . 
  trp is n't exactly well-liked outside of trp . 
  not all men talk like this when among themselves , i know it cause i went to high school and had sports class . 
  your private sex life is one thing , the behaviour you expect from your president another . 
  it 's the internet . 
  everybody can claim to be anything he wants , be it a millionaire or alpha chad . 
  whether most will believe it , whether they are `` clearly more alpha '' because they say so is another issue . 
  is your username still accurate , seeing as you 're pretty much fully settled in the red valley already ? 
  what are the typical struggles a woman faces on a typical , average day ? 
  just out of interest . 
  what about the women who are unattractive and have poor social skills ? 
  whom do they get ? 
  from the office tv series ? 
  wait , is he pro or against trump ? 
  not really . 
  death camps and even pows are completely left absent in the hearts of iron series . 
  lmao haha . 
  what have you found to be frighteningly true ? 
  he 's gon na lose and his douche-ish behaviour plays a part in that . 
  deal with it . 
  it does n't mean that most people who are your friends will end up your partner . 
  it means that having friendships leads you to having relationships ( that 's what i took from it ) . 
  so for example , your friend will introduce you to a woman , who can become your girlfriend , etc. 
  [ http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/weird-news/ugandas-ugliest-man-becomes-dad-5931177] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/weird-news/ugandas-ugliest-man-becomes-dad-5931177 ), 
  i once saw a trp thread about male friends , and a sizeable number of trp users admitted they had no friends . 
  what is your source for saying all women fancy aggressive , dominant men ? 
  but terpers also make arguments with evidence that is only anecdotal evidence .
