  fully agree , great comment . 
  also because many non-college-educated women can not take part in feminist dicussions because they do n't know the intellectual language and terms that are used in such discussions . 
  did this guy get a milhouse tattoo, 
  i love how he blames it on the day when in fact it was his own mistake that almost got him fired . 
  good ... and my options ? 
  this person is the reason we ca n't have nice things . 
  that does n't mean we ca n't work to make it fairer where it 's possible or point out wrong perceptions about fairness and the reality of inequality of opportunities , such as by pointing out and reinforcing that unattractive people do n't always have these negative traits . 
  but in the same time , you ca n't deny that so many bland men out there have successful relationships , i mean , just look around you . 
  of course you could argue they 're just beta providers , but the relationships exist . 
  manliness can exist in so many different ways , be it looks or behaviours , and not even all women have it as their number 1 priority . 
  here 's one from my personal `` bullshit '' list . 
  if you want , i can post more :, 
   most women can live very easy lives compared to most men because of their sex and beauty . 
  whining and complaining is objectively worse and less mature than acting . 
  you are saying feminine traits are worse than masculine ones . 
  you 're a very cold person . 
  absolutely . 
  these are missing so badly . 
  do n't get me started on that festival manager in horizon 2 who would always talk to you and always give you unskippable advice in every single menu , acting like he 's my best friend or in love with me . 
  this is gaming nowadays made for the casual player - a nanny game . 
  how can you tell from an online conversation whose `` t '' is low ? 
  but you have n't even posted your source in contrast . 
   just fyi , `` toxic masculinity '' as an actual concept is the idea that men should never be insecure , they should always be strong . 
  it 's masculinity working against men via gender roles . 
  i belive this was op 's point . 
  blue pillers who call men who do n't want women with a high partner count `` insecure virgins '' or something along these lines , are thus reinforcing toxic masculinity . 
  so are women who want their man to be a stoic rock without any signs of insecurity . 
  what 's ev ? 
  but trump is also a candidate who goes against so many historical precedents together . 
  `` a temporary ban of muslims entering the country until we know what the hell is going on ! '', 
  ( even though nobody knows what `` what the hell is going on '' means ), 
  have you considered intimidating the insurance companies using your height ? 
  is there reason to believe trump wants to turn back the clock on lgbt rights ? 
  i do n't recall him saying that . 
  or do you mean the gop wanting that ? 
  are not all states up for election every congressional/senate elections ? 
  not extremely familiar with the us system so i 'm asking . 
  an empire of corruption , alcoholism and murder . 
  but what about the argument that the other candidate was a globalist who had the interests of international trade and big businesses in mind , while trump at least cares for america ? 
  ( playing devil 's advocate , i 'd like to hear your take on this ), 
  post-factual politics . 
  wow , great video . 
  i love some of moore 's stuff . 
  but the question is , can trump even change that ? 
  why do these little round blobs of blood appear on such cuts ? 
  their is no need for their protection other than eastern europe . 
  while the eastern european countries are afraid ( and thus , spend well over 2 % of their gdp as required per nato standards on defense ) and want us troops in their countries , there is zero danger of russia attacking europe west of the ex-warsaw block countries . 
  so then countries where leaders have no term limits are undemocratic ? 
  but hands are freakin awesome . 
  what 's the difference between alt-righ and the tea party movement ? 
  not in their history , but in their policies , they seem pretty similar . 
  he does n't look like he 's the best . 
  oh my god . 
  he 's more like 6 ' 2 '' i belive . 
  but since it 's hollywod i guess it 's the norm to lie and add a couple of inches . 
  but i thought trump was anti-establishment , aka , anti established gop strategies . 
  perhaps to help clear it up a bit , not all people from the left or right wing are the same . 
  i 'm sure not all trump voters voted for him because they hoped coal jobs would come back . 
  the right-wing person who believes seeking a liberal arts job is a waste of time might 've voted for trump because of his tough security policy , and not because of the job issue . 
  hey willie , catch the football !, 
  please do n't do it , you are invaluable . 
  i 'm guessing it was the same in right wing news networks back when obama was elected ... was it ? 
  did they turn against bush ? 
  grandma 's gon na be in big trouble tonight at 6 . 
  i wonder why they 're broke ... 
  justin bieber . 
  that 's because danes are nothing but self-hating eurocucks soon to be living in a caliphate . 
  there is a point to this image . 
  the white working class felt marginalized by the current establishment . 
  be it a correct emotion or not , it is one reason for trump 's success . 
  honestly , i 've seen this behaviour from the `` left '' side as well . 
  not with women , but with men . 
  mras , pick up artists , red pillers and neo-masculinists and `` nice guys '' getting mocked and ridiculed for their subpar looks and unmanly appearance by people opposing these stances . 
  i guess almost everyone is shallow to some extent . 
   it `` does happen '' if you are just spending time with each other and start to develop feelings . 
  this is in contrast to going to a meat market with the sole intention of getting laid where it was planned to happen . 
  i gave you an upvote because i want this to be true . 
  just spending fun time together and enjoying yourself leading to more . 
  because according to trp truths , this is as wrong as it gets . 
  they say you need to initiate the sexual spark and show your interest from the very beginning , or she will be unable to see you as more than a friend forever after . 
  this puts immense stress on you because you get the feeling you have to start the romantic approach as soon as you met an interesting girl , or otherwise she will put you in the friend zone , which makes socializing with a girl everything else but fun . 
   it does ? 
  i do n't really post in threads here , i 've only made my own . 
  oh yes , it does . 
  `` as a trp man , let me tell you , woman , how women work . '', 
  is there sand in your machines ? 
  why do women have to be submissive ? 
   developing feelings is normal in a friendship . 
  the question is , is building up a `` friendship '' a dishonest thing when you feel a little crush on a woman you just met and try to get closer to her - meaning that you find her intriguing and want to know more about her , but also feel a little edgy around her and start to have tiny little daydreams about having sex with her , they just pop up for a few seconds and disappear again . 
  rp and probably some feminists would say it 's wrong behaviour to try to get close to her as a friend , because it 's dishonest and will not lead to success . 
  but asking her out on a date feels wrong too , because you hardly know anything about her , and just met her . 
  you want to give it time . 
   the thing is that romantic feelings usually take several months of knowing each other and weeks of fucking in order to develop so it 's awkward if you get all romantic if it 's just sexual attraction you are feeling . 
  that 's good to hear , it sounds a lot more natural than the `` approach , approach , approach '' advice so many relationship gurus are giving , and the `` immediately ask her out on dates and show your attraction '' philosophy . 
  your arms are really thin , huh ? 
   at least check her out from bottom to top and say `` wow you look stunning today '' . 
  even this can be hard to accomplish if you have little experience and think little of yourself . 
  but i guess there 's some hurdles to pass along that road . 
  we do n't know that , in any case , i did n't mean it degenerating . 
  thin arms can be beautiful .
