  i do n't find overweight people attrative , but i do n't hate them . 
  hate is n't healthy in case you have n't head that before . 
  i do n't even want to know how much economic damage bankers and finance gamblers have caused to our economy . 
  nonetheless , smoking gets excluded from society , not smokers . 
  and i have n't seen such an extensive hate culture against smokers like fatpeoplehate , which honestly shocks me . 
  thing is , there are people from everywhere in the world in britain . 
  it 's a melting pot . 
  i do n't think it 's a wishy washy statement . 
  is there a subreddit on reddit dedicated to hating smokers , with well over 100,000 subscribers , like fatpeoplehate ? 
  i think not . 
  so there 's no comparable hate culture against smokers on reddit . 
  but they hurt themselves in different ways , such as adhering in their depressions , committing self-hate over long periods of time , sabotaging their own lives or even inflicting physical self-harm to themselves . 
  so they damage themselves too , just in ways that ca n't be seen on the first glance . 
  upvote because you referred to the car as `` it '' instead of `` she '' . 
  that 's for sure . 
  accor ... tsx . 
  jealousy is n't the only reason for people fighting rich ( er ) people . 
  not saying this was right , it was n't . 
  hey . 
  i noticed that you also detail cars from austria ( austrian license plates ) . 
  yet i ca n't find a german or english version of your website . 
  why is that ? 
  it only looks fuckin ' awesome . 
  euro hatchback rockets for the win . 
  to my knowledge it is based on the current european version of the civic , built and sold in europe . 
  did it make it heavier ? 
  my car 's interior is black , but i kinda always wanted a beige/tan interior . 
  it looks so comfy , like a living room . 
  if everyone would think as you do , the car industry would collapse and car companies such as bmw would cease to exist . 
  there have to be people who buy new cars . 
  cause the gti is so fast it can outrun the fog . 
  took it like a champ . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.ebay.com/itm/bmw-trunk-rear-emblem-roundel-74mm-for-e46-f30-f32-f36-m3-e90-3series-badge-logo-/321725699700?hash=item4ae8589674&amp;vxp=mtr ) is the first modification you should order for it . 
  poor dead cow . 
  the front emblems seem to be a bit more expensive . 
  [ check it out here . 
  i do n't know if anyone will read this , but here is another illustration :, 
  me and my oldie drive the same model too ... but they 're hondas . 
  fat people too . 
  eh , i do n't understand the downvotes ? 
  there is a fatpeoplehate subreddit with 130,000 freakin ' subscribers . 
  yay , go for it . 
  as we all know hating somebody is a healthy and good thing to do . 
  true dat . 
  maybe it 's for an eb110 . 
  i do n't understand why people do that . 
  it 's an e46 front . 
  that 's not even a very luxurious or prestigious car . 
  a minimum wage worker can get one easily . 
  not to mention it looks horrible together with the civic 's body . 
  it is n't funny either . 
  beautiful color . 
  expanded towns and cities also adds a nice hot spring bathing area to one town . 
  with the right mods the people there are totally naked . 
  nice to look at . 
  118d has power . 
  it 's a ( relatively ) light car and the diesel 's low torque gives you plenty of power for daily needs . 
  it 's all a question of perspective . 
  oh wow ... i totally agree . 
  is that the street you live in ? 
  looks like paradise . 
  thanks !, 
  i like the 9th gen. too . 
  well let 's hope they do . 
  i remember they did n't find a way for cod : mw2 . 
  hahaha !, 
  thieves guild or not , money becomes worthless for you at some point in the playthrough . 
  well yeah , there are a couple of smaller things i always bought regularly . 
  health potions , which are quite expensive in the early game . 
  i also used realistic needs mods so i always bought food and drinks regularly . 
  of course , i also remember her from tkoq . 
  she played a needy , kinda pathetic character really well . 
  showed real talent . 
  rip . 
  i just recently drove behind a mk 5 vw golf . 
  the owner modded it with some chrome `` altezza '' tail lights with led indicators . 
  he also had a shocker hand sticker on the rear window . 
  so honda is n't the only one . 
  i think it looks distinctively japanese . 
  well , that 's a bit disappointing . 
  were there at least some japanese people in the design team ? 
  that counts for the acura though . 
  will there even be a honda version ? 
  i have n't seen a notion of it yet . 
  nonetheless , fuck the assholes who did this . 
  if i only have pills , i do not endanger anyone else , only myself . 
  so why would the police have to `` deal with me '' , as in `` take me out '' ? 
  what a fucked up system . 
  would the cops actually arrest and charge me if i had sleeping pills on me ? 
  if yes , on what grounds would i be charged for ? 
  if one person is killed and there are no consequences made to stop this happening in the future , it 's a problem already . 
  you were n't charged with anything , right ? 
  were you treated alright after you were arrested ? 
  slave of capitalism . 
  he was laying in bed . 
  was he a threat because he could jump out of bed and slice one officer 's throat within a second , matrix style ? 
  well if it 's a case like this , you do n't put lives in danger more by not calling than if you would call the cops . 
  if the suicidal person has a knife , there is a chance he could kill himself , and if you call the cops , there is a good chance they will kill hilm . 
  so call the cops or not , in a cases like this it does n't make a difference in endangered lives . 
  and even in `` anti cop trend '' reddit , a comment like `` cops should die '' gets downvoted to hell , and rightly so .
