  is the commission still to be trusted , does this statement still have validity in the light of the recent leaks that show that gmo 's could be sold in the eu ? 
  not in austria they ca n't . 
  i guess that changed now , huh ? 
  could you elaborate a bit on the `` amplifying and insult to absurdity '' a bit , and give an example ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  i disagree , there 's still enough opportunities for a man to have relationships if he carries himself well , even if he 's a virgin . 
  is that some cheap daewoo model ? 
  half of the roof flew off , which was pretty scary . 
  anyone know the model ? 
  i occasionally read it because i was amazed and a little speechless that some people are actually that dumb . 
  and to some people right here defending it , saying it 's just `` fucking around '' and all joke-y , my response would be : some people really have such a low taste of humour ? 
  elliot rodger, 
  there 's no way to tell for `` feminists '' whether a person in trp or bb is `` alpha '' or `` beta '' . 
  a poster in trp could be `` alpha '' , and a poster in bb a `` low beta '' , even though he lifts . 
  i know that these kind of statements are a daily occurrence in this sub , but i still feel compelled to response : no , `` women '' do n't hate `` unattractive men '' , even though many of them would n't want to have sex with a man they find unattractive , it 's still a far fetch from hatred . 
  not all women are shallow bitches with no humanity . 
  lol , but banning guns is eeeevil . 
   strange women sometimes come up and talk to me , and i dont think they are weird for it . 
  yet even in this thread some people say that women do n't approach , which seems general consensus in this sub . 
  this is n't the stone age anymore . 
  people do n't need to compensate a lack of physical strength with anything . 
  i say it again , today people do n't need to compensate for physical strength . 
  we live in lawful societies , you ca n't just kill your boss and take his money and job , there 's the police and courts , and also pepper spray . 
  to say that women need to compensate by being manipulative because they do n't have the physical strength is ridiculous . 
  oh man , i wonder if he 's part of these hapas guys . 
  basically guys in an own subreddit who `` suffer '' and lament because of their mixed race status having a white father and an asian mother and feel emasculated because of it . 
  crazy . 
  damn , now i want a cheeseburger ... at 1 a.m. 
  can you elaborate a bit on the `` call for genocide '' part ? 
  only 5 % of americans are milionaires . 
  so no , not `` pretty likely '' at all . 
  nazi germany was hardly socialist . 
  it has something uniquely french to it . 
  yet i 'm sure he 's not complaining that america is taking in only 10.000 refugees per year . 
  because that 's for safety reasons and totally not xenophobic . 
  this comment actually made me laugh . 
  to be honest , i do n't think your opinion matters . 
  most people on this subreddit will push it away by either saying `` you 're an outlier , you 're not really relevant because 99 % of women want dominant , aggressive men '' or `` you 're not really attracted to your husband , you 're just waiting for a more alpha man to come along so you can abandon him '' . 
  well , op wants to figure it out , or he claims to want that . 
  for a second i read that as a poll showing 85 % of white males support him , and i was shocked . 
  thank your for proving my point . 
  umm ... no . 
  referring to blowjobs being a lifeline . 
  step 5 : internalize fox new 's propaganda message that `` many muricans shed their blood for other people 's freedom . '', 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  does it rust ? 
  if you do n't kill at least one man with your bare hands , you 're a testosterone deficient cuck , thak god there are still brave men out there sacrificing their testosterone to protect our freedom , o7 . 
  if there 's one thing i love about america , it 's the cheap cars . 
  even with minimum wage , you can probably afford a used , big , guzzling 5 litre , 300 horsepower v8 sedan in america , while owning such a car could make you bankrupt in some european countries , even on a middle income . 
  in america however , this is n't even special or would attract curious looks on the streets . 
  me , as a car person , of course i 'm envious of that . 
  however , the reason for this is n't because `` dem socialist yuropoors who live in dirt huts ca n't afford our luxury '' , the reason is mostly taxes . 
  european governments want to discourage people from driving lavishly made cars and therefore heavily tax engine displacement , horsepower or other aspects in cars . 
  the second reason are fuel prices . 
  if governments here would change their car policies and laws , many europeans could afford such cars a lot more easily with their income . 
  of course there 's the big ol' cadillacs that look and drive like a boat , but you can also buy an old , powerful bimmer or mercedes , and still run it a lot cheaper than in europe . 
  even the imported european brands are cheaper there , because the competition on the us car market is harder . 
  [ what if we create a better world for nothing ? 
  hey !, 
  are there many chinese on reddit ? 
  but worker 's unions are still a thing in europe . 
  [ http://www.univie.ac.at/unique/uniquecms/?p=263] ( http://www.univie.ac.at/unique/uniquecms/?p=263 ), 
  love the badge of that polo though . 
  `` coupe '' ... as if someone would fall for that . 
  is the thing with sticking over the eu sign even legal ? 
  holy cow , some of the big ass crosses could actually pose a threat to traffic safety . 
  where there are 3 or 4 threads titled `` reddit , what 's actually great about america '' every week . 
  a racist , vulgar and misogynist candidate is currently running for president in america , having a popular support of about 45 % by current polls , while also demanding to ban all muslims from entering the country . 
  but europe is more racist , because a lot of people are xenophobic during a time when europe is taking in over 1 million asylum seekers . 
  give me a thousand upvotes , / r/askreddit !, 
  rational countries where there are things such as civil forfeiture law , which allows legally robbing innocent people ? 
  holy shit the arrogance in this sub is incredible . 
  which reminds me of something trump said during his recent interivew . 
  `` i want to lower taxes , i want to make our military strong again ! '' . 
  gee , i wonder how that would work out . 
  hahahahaha . 
  you are fucking hilarious . 
  oh hey , i just found another gem . 
  look at this :, 
   no free speech , no protection of lgbt rights , no protection of atheist rights , no protection of women 's rights , no protection of unpopular opinion , non-democratic technocrat governing body , no separation of church and state . 
   i do n't know why i am bothering to type this , communicating with europeans regarding their collapsing system is like talking to people from the deep south about religion . 
  it always ends with `` nu-uh , america has ___ !, 
  therefore z ! '', 
  ( as if i am american ... ), 
  and he 's actually talking about europe . 
  `` europe '' as a whole . 
  edit : from checking out some of his comments , i 'm lead to believe he 's actually a troll . 
  please disregard . 
  that sentence will still hinder you when it comes to getting a job , getting an apartment and many other issues , since you 're officially guilty of a crime no matter whether you 're actually innocent . 
  what makes it cringey is his unfounded hatred for `` sociology and other fields of philosohpy '' , as if these sciences actually contradict the notion that international hegemony of world powers exists . 
  does the bbc tell you that european nations will be dominantly muslim in 20 years ? 
  could one argue that a human learning how to do a specific thing ( for example : `` oh yeah , i need to give the washing machine a good thwack so it 'll work '' ) is also some kind of natural algorithm ? 
  the fp\u00d6 is a neoliberal party . 
  they were part of intensive and deep-reaching neoliberal policies when they were in the government from 2000 to 2007 . 
  there 's no indication whatsoever of election fraud though . 
  the map looks like that because hofer was strong on the countryside , while van der bellen was stronger in the cities . 
  hofer also got more votes without postal votes . 
  you sound like a moron , goodbye . 
  neoliberalism is a key element of many right-wing populist parties . 
  small government , cutting taxes , economic liberalism , cuts of welfare , etc.
