  i disagree , i know there were a lot more ( societal ) obstacles women had to overcome besides development of technology , but i 'm not really in the mood to argue about it . 
  i wonder why while it 's often said that a woman will look for a `` father archetype '' in a partner , the same does n't seem to hold true for a man and the kind of woman he finds attractive ? 
  apparently here , it 's not important if she resembles his own mother in any way . 
  women were discouraged from having careers , from being anything else than a woman and mother of a family with a husband and kids . 
  this is not a necessity today , not all women want kids or even a marriage . 
  and not all of those opportunities required technology , for example , i do n't see how it required technology for a single woman to be able to become an accountant . 
  not all career fields were legally open to women before emancipation came along , and even if they were , women were heavily discouraged from pursuing careers . 
  tldr : psychology plays a huge role in opening opportunities for certain members of society . 
  even if they were legally possible for them , discouragement played a big role . 
  i would assume at least 50 % of tbp posters would disagree that simply sitting with spreaded legs is misogyny . 
  i might be wrong , but i stand firmly to the belief that trp is the bigger culprit of spreading hatred . 
  `` women are mentally children '' is a lot worse than saying `` this particular terper is a pathetic loser . '', 
  hate speech :, 
  speech that attacks , threatens , or insults a person or group on the basis of national origin , ethnicity , color , religion , gender , gender identity , sexual orientation , or disability . 
  please point out examples of tbp encouraging suicide . 
  i specifically asked : how is technology required for a single woman to be able to pick up a job like being an accountant . 
  they mock them for their behaviour and their opinions . 
  they do n't mock or abhor them for being male , or for being white , or having anxiety . 
  they do n't say `` this terper , like all fucking men , is an unempathetic sex-lustering pig . '', 
  or `` these worthless white men are all like that . '', 
  they attack their behaviour and opinions specifically . 
  men can get offended by such statements too , you know . 
  and since most of tbp is light-hearted mockery directed at people 's behaviour and opinions , i do n't find it as close as disgraceful as trp 's `` core statements '' . 
  european culture = eiffel tower , baguettes , tiny cars , alcoholism and unshaven pubic hair , right ? 
  do you understand what `` single woman '' means ? 
  my point was that while technological advancements took us where we are today , they would n't be necessary for all positions where women can work today , and that societal developments ( such as emancipation ) played a huge role in shaping the current situation . 
  well - trp draws vastly simplifying generalizations over a huge number of people , billions to be exact , and acts as if it can accurately determine the personalities and behaviour of these billions of people . 
  along with that there is strong emphasis on the ` biological aspects ' , on ` innate ' behavioural patterns which allegedly are shared by mostly all women and which are not only part of their behaviour but of their very nature . 
  `` women can not love the way men do '' or `` women do n't care if you 're a good person '' are innate patterns which trp claims almost all women will share . 
  trp is a belief system whose members approve of its beliefs and statements and willingly join this belief system . 
  trp members are mocked for their ( to many ) crazy opinions and their behaviour , while trp dislikes women because of behaviours ascribed to women 's very nature . 
  there 's very much a difference between those two . 
  `` jews spread the plague and like to poison wells '' is a belief which was stated throughout history too . 
  that 's an argument against rp , not against bp . 
   it 's not really either tbh , just an observation . 
  it is for me . 
  being labelled either a blue-pilled beta cuck ( or `` subhuman '' as the nice fellows over at sluthate like to call other men ) or a woman-creature uncapable of true love , logic and empathy ? 
  fuck that toxic place , i have better things to do . 
  i do n't go to places or follow ideologies because they 're nice and rosy . 
  i have a certain standard and trp does n't come close to reaching it with its absolutism and general hatred towards a huge number of the population . 
  i remember one ( popular ) post on trp where a guy described that he was doing the house chores and taking care of the kid because his wife was away . 
  he said he was done with everything in 3 hours and was bored after , and asked `` so this is what the hardest job in the world ( being a mother ) is supposed to be like ? '' . 
  so yeah , on the outside they will do damage control and say that the `` woman 's duties '' are just as important and worthy , but among themselves of course the smugness and the superiority feelings of being the really important gender come to surface . 
  being soft , cute and gentle can bring very positive energy , but they 're not really skills . 
  so when a terper says `` what do you mean , i hate women ? 
  of course i love women for what they are , they are soft , cute and gentle '' , he should realize why others gripe about that . 
  / r/changemyview has pretty good discussion culture . 
  i like it . 
  melissa mccarthy can and always plays one single kind of role . 
  well , to be fair , that was specifically directed at people who did n't like the movie because `` women ca n't be ghostbusters '' . 
  my advice for you is to get out of this subreddit and never come back . 
   this is why women 's fanfiction is all about a rich , tall , handsome , smart guy settling for some plain-jane woman . 
  i do n't know , tom hardy erotic fanfiction exists and he is neither tall nor smart ( at least that 's not what he 's known for ) . 
  i want to mention your comment that `` relationships are like a minefield - any wrong move will make your relationship blow up in your face '' goes into my `` trp bullshit '' collection . 
  so paranoid . 
  sad . 
  what 's your definition of alpha ? 
  what if such a person you described starts a fight with a meek , shy person but the shy person wins because he 's a better skilled fighter . 
  is he still alpha then ? 
  and if we wan na discuss amoral sexual strategy and plate spinning tactics , we have a place for that too . 
  what a time to be alive . 
  punch oscar de la hoya in the nuts . 
  that women are the most responsible teenagers in the house . 
  just wait until we 'll be able to transfer our consciousness into attractive android bodies . 
  but even this motivational speaker with no arms and legs has a wife and a kid . 
  yes , because playing in the nba and finding a partner to have sex and romance with are equally difficult challenges . 
  made him up ? 
  there 's that one motivational speaker with no arms and legs and he has a wife and a kid . 
  are you completely unable to grasp that ? 
  interesting that you mention that . 
  i looked up that syndrome , and [ this person ] ( http://metro.co.uk/2015/04/28/new-parents-had-to-defend-decision-to-have-baby-with-same-condition-as-dad-5171389/ ) managed to `` score '' a partner . 
  there 's reasonably intelligent terpers who post here often and actually post quality ( albeit controversial ) material . 
  then there 's the dudebro teenage humor terpers . 
  these guys are the latter . 
  they say being confident is alpha , and since a good dose of confidence is required to have reasonable success in life , they can put the alpha label on any guy when it 's necessary for hamstering . 
   women do not find most men fuckable . 
  brutal truth of hypergamy ? 
  any person with no arms and legs , no matter how attractive , must have it much harder than an ugly , healthy person ( which you describe yourself as ) . 
  `` attraction does n't look for flaws '' ? 
  all you incels talk about is that you are not wanted by women because you lack the qualities that make a man attractive the lack of these qualities , whether they are social skills , physical features or other things , are flaws . 
  so yes , flaws absolutely play a role when it comes to attraction , and missing all your limbs is a bigger flaw than any physically healthy person could ever have . 
  this is obvious for anyone who thinks about it . 
  are you really unable to grasp this obvious truth ? 
  you 're forgetting to take personal agency into the equation . 
  attractive features can be acquired by pursuit , with varying chances of success and possibility . 
  confidence , charm , loveliness , passion , fascination skills can absolutely be acquired later in life , and if an average looking limbless person can establish his own family , an awkward but healthy loner can too . 
  how can you know you 've already arrived at the best you can ever be though ? 
  improvement and growth is a process that lasts for a whole life time , and you 're still fairly young and have many sexually potent years left . 
  hell , my 60 year old uncle who was a severe alcoholic and never achieved anything in his life had a girlfriend in his retirement home . 
  do n't give yourself up so easily , man . 
   men have a statistical majority . 
  but what happens to that majority when you include prison populations and the bottom tier of men who have nothing to offer , and who do n't even appear on the radar ? 
  there are also shy folks who hide from the world , assholes who forget to add charm to the formula , and `` nice '' guys who think joining a fan club and cheering her worst behavior will win them sex , one day . 
  that 's a bad thing by the way . 
  these men are still human . 
  imagine a feminist group spreading awareness about women with depression and anxiety disorders , and the response would be `` do n't worry , those women are bottom tier anyway . '', 
  what will the tens of millions chinese forever alone men who will inevitably pop up do about that ? 
  as far as i understood , you said that `` average men '' , including the op , should n't have to worry too much about the sex distribution , because there 's many men who will never get a chance to have girlfriends anyway . 
  what i 'm saying is that this is hardly comforting because it still means a lot of `` bottom tier '' men will suffer . 
  what happened ?
