  what do you define as unattractive ? 
  give me some examples . 
  and anyone who looks better than him can objectively not qualify as being ugly ? 
  even you should see this is ridiculous , apart from the fact that 1 . ), 
  this guy could look better if he gave some effort and 2 . ), 
  only 0.001 % of the population look like him . 
  the whole thing is a strawman anyway since nobody said anything about radcliffe being unattractive , the other poster talked about a `` loser boyfriend '' who is a hyperactive harry potter lookalike , to which you responded `` nu uh because radcliffe is not ugly '' , which is dumb because a ) you do n't have to be extremely ugly to qualify as ugly , and b ) you can be a loser without looking ugly ( since loser is a `` weak low status man '' according to op ) . 
  basically your arguments make no sense and they only exist for you to rationalize your `` black pill '' beliefs to serve as an excuse why you 're lonely . 
  and even if we were talking about radcliffe , it would n't hold water , since he is average looking at best , and if we go by the `` height and looks are everything '' rule , he would be extremely unattractive to women . 
  oh yeah , a president who mostly cares about the rich is the last thing that rockefeller bastard would want . 
  being gifted financially helps though . 
  some men certainly hate women . 
  so yes , they can and they have . 
  thank you for the advice . 
  do you know if they have done any recent work ? 
  irony here is that he actually downtalked john mccain 's military service , saying he was n't a hero for being captured . 
  how would the veterans react to that i wonder ? 
  believed by whom ? 
  that 's actually so stereotypical `` german for non-germans '' it 's kinda funny . 
  oh wow , i did n't know they made those with manual windows . 
  where are you from , op ? 
  wow , i do n't think they shipped them with manual locks & windows in europe . 
  but the pro side of it : weight-saving and a sportier drive . 
  damn ... i was afraid this is what i got ta do . 
  that 's fucking horrible . 
  we bought the game so we should be able to do whatever we want with it . 
  is there no way not to install the update if you only play offline ? 
  the initial comment `` can someone explain why british women often look like this '' gets my blood boiling already . 
  `` often look like this '' ... what does it even mean ? 
  so often in relation to what ? 
  where do you make this observation ? 
  argh . 
  overthrow brutal dictators like pinochet ? 
  just as a note for anyone who reads this , the guy who wrote the stuff in quotes , including the stormfront-copypasta is / u/rarasd . 
  he deleted all of his comments afterwards . 
  they think those who produce are the owners of the company which produces . 
  because they pulled themselves up their bootstraps and made it . 
  is this somehow related to far cry ? 
  because the climbing mechanics seem very similar , there is even this loose rope laying at the places where you are indicated to climb up next . 
  worldnews is known for its right-wing views and is brigaded by right-wing networks such as stormfront . 
  according to worldnews , people who are often not european tell us that europe is already a caliphate with sharia laws enacted . 
  are the creators in any way affiliated to ubisoft ? 
  only idiotic feminists say that all men are like that . 
  source for the claim there 's been thousands of rapists or rapes done by refugees ? 
  sexual harassment is not equal to actual rape . 
  there were not thousands of rapes in germany , not 800 rapes in cologne , and raping your wife is illegal in european countries . 
  it 's not creepy . 
  in my opinion . 
  / s not necessary . 
  he 's not wrong , but he probably thinks that 's a reason america is better when in reality america itself has a huge population of racists . 
  wow , i 've never heard of that issue before . 
  it says she ca n't get access to banking facilities without denouncing her citizenship . 
  is there no bank she can work with , are all of them affiliated to the us ? 
  what , in your opinion , are the reasons that the people coming to europe are mostly young , single men ? 
  thank you . 
  i hear you with the inspirational crap . 
  their schools are only that bad because hitler is still the president of europe . 
  shit , should probably get a front view camera . 
  i imagine this is from their harmonic military cooperation time long after the war ended . 
  where 'd you get the pedophile property ? 
  as a medical patient , i can confirm this . 
  he also taught lessions how to survive ship disasters in freezing water temperatures . 
  100,000 innocents dead - `` well , it 's complex ... not clear if it was the optimal strategic decision ... '', 
  you seem to quite knowledgable on this , and i agree that this whole darwinist-evolutionary approach at human mating and partnership is too simplistic and in this form , wrong . 
  yet , these views are often more widespread among `` normal people '' than you would expect . 
  what would you respond to this claim , which i 've just recently heard in a `` non pill discussion '' ? 
  `` reproduction is the basis of our species to survive , and this is exactly what we 're programmed for . 
  that 's why a woman will seek a nest to raise her kids , just as a man will seek a woman as fertile as possible . 
  feminists wo n't be able to change this '' . 
  or maybe he has a great personality . 
  crazy , huh ? 
  it 's incredible to me how delusional these people are . 
  they really seem to think that `` good looks '' is , and should be , the prime and most important reason to find a partner . 
  not to mention movements such as red pill claim to be for men ( okay , i guess lookism is different ) , yet manage to be extremely hurtful to men , calling a man deformed and other appalling things just because they do n't like his visual appearance , or do n't agree with his relationship . 
  out of curiosity , how do these two studies you linked actually disprove gad 's claims about waist to hip ratio ? 
  i read the abstracts , and it seems both studies conclude that the male preference of whr differs slightly , because geographic variaton means slightly different requirements , but still , men across all regions use it to rate women 's attractiveness . 
  this is just what saad claims here : [ https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/homo-consumericus/201006/congenitally-blind-men-prefer-the-female-hourglass-figure-literally] ( https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/homo-consumericus/201006/congenitally-blind-men-prefer-the-female-hourglass-figure-literally ), 
  so , how does this actually debunk whr ? 
  sexlab , non-sexlab animations ( found at loverslab , offers addtional animations besides the standard ones from sexlab ) , a body mod ( such as unpb , unp , bodyslide ) , body textures ( such as mature skin ) , face textures ( such as coverwomen ) , a mod to initiate sex animations ( such as matchmaker ) . 
  what would be the correct meme to use here ? 
  how does the us government pay someone who is earning 30.000 ( yeah , using european decimal format here ! ), 
  dollars a year ? 
  what i meant was : what would be the correct meme to use for `` stop giving their money to people who work 0 hours a week '' . 
  `` english is a european language , made for europeans . 
  is there not any language of your own country that you can use , apparently not if you need to use our own language . '', 
  this was the first thing i thought of when i read his rambling !, 
  pretty sure not all of the parts of his truck are american-made though . 
  even so , using tax deductions just means you 'll pay less taxes . 
  it does n't mean the government will actually send you money . 
  this is so ugly it hurts . 
  and it 's a new one ... someone had the money to buy it and turn it into ... this . 
  people do n't realize that europe in comparison is small , racially homogenous and only has about 12 million people in total . 
  of course they do n't need police in schools , they do n't have brown people . 
  which body ? 
  thank you . 
  i 'm gon na swing from the chandelier , chande . . oh , sorry . 
  working hdt vaginas for skyrim have been around for quite a while . 
  can not say merry christmas anymore at work . 
  oh the oppression . 
  this sub makes me question humanity .
