  both are good though . 
  you do n't really need such a good machine for ets2 . 
  my pc is from 2010 , totally unchanged since then , and i can play the game fine with mods and high settings . 
  only the loading times can be a bit long . 
  yeah , that seems logical . 
  i 've already ordered a 4 gb ram stick , now i 'm looking for gpu 's . 
  japan needed 30 years to build up their navy , and the us destroyed it with a navy mostly built up in 3-4 years . 
  ` murica !, 
  buddhism and islam are n't really comparable . 
  buddhism was n't the reason for japan 's crimes against the whole world , or for them attacking america . 
   the idea that japan could have just walked away from a four year long war is revisionist non-sense . 
  uuh ... peace contract ? 
  many of them were just smaller ships , such as light cruisers , converted into carrying planes provisionally . 
  `` archmage , what are you doing ??! '', 
  `` it 's from wisconsin ! '', 
  haha , as if that was some kind of quality trademark . 
  i use the unp body , [ mature skin texture ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/32986/ ? 
  ) , [ no more blocky faces ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/30/ ? 
  ) , [ coverwomen ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/3563/ ? 
  ) , [ high quality eyes ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/498/ ? ), 
  and [ high resolution scars ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/4784/ ? ) . 
  be aware though , it makes most women look pretty perfect , almost like models , which may break the immersion . 
  hey , at least your toilet got some breakfast too . 
  everything 's coming up boris . 
  the only thing that 's missing from this is `` i also make six figures working in stem '' . 
  republicans be like : america has no gun problem . 
  republicans be like : america has no gun problem . 
  many people in europe are mentally ill too , but we do n't have gun massacres on a weekly basis . 
  kinda reminds me of lotr ... amazing . 
  really , if some people are attracted to children by their nature , it is `` natural '' . 
  the attraction itself is neither `` good '' nor `` bad '' , it is neutral . 
  it 's acting out these attractions on children what makes it bad , inacceptable . 
  the carrera ist just one version of the 911 , it 's the one without a turbo and an na engine , in contrast to the 911 turbo . 
  there are still babies that die during routine circumcisions . 
  all these deaths are unnecessary as there is no medical need for circumcision for a healthy child . 
  if it helps , i did n't give you a downvote . 
  i 'm male and i 've struggled with math in high school , from all the subjects i had , i spent most of my time and effort to pass math - and even though i passed , i was still rather bad in it . 
  that does n't mean i 'm stupid !, 
  i 'm just talented in other fields , it 's that simple . 
  in german , we call it knobi-brot . 
  what i remember from reliable studies is that 90-something close to 100 percent of men have sex in their lives . 
  do n't tell that to the terpers though . 
  are n't these guys all anarcho-liberalists ? 
  regulation is eeevil . 
  i like viewing the comments on articles on `` return of kings '' , not because of the lunatics , but because of the sane , intelligent people there who teach these morons a lesson . 
  like this one comment from `` sue '' :, 
   in lieu of responding to every ignorant jack-ass , i 'll choose you . 
  `` a woman can not know or define what it is to be a man . '', 
  -- very true !!, 
   likewise , a man can not claim to ` know ' or ` define ' a woman and , even more foolishly , be ignorant enough to think that the dominant techniques described here will lead to anything but dysfunction . 
  disrespect leads to resentment , which leads to stonewalling -- and the killing of healthy communication . 
   a relationship , you see , requires ` relating ' to each other . 
  there are actually couples who happily stand the test of time ( i am but one ) . 
   strategies unveiled in this article - of the ever-disturbing control-freak - only perpetuate more apathy , more red flags ( what the hell happened to this insecure lunatic ?? ), 
  and the sad yet honest sentiment shared by many men on this site : ` i 'll never get married . '', 
  you can blame and drown in victimhood all you want . 
  or , you can be courageous enough to face what actually ` works ' in a healthy marriage . 
   stop whining and acknowledge - if nothing else - the nature of social media . 
  if i choose to post an article about dimwitted teachers in the northeast , i 'll be prepared to ` face the music ' when educators write me back . 
  if i choose to write an article about the sorry state of youth coaches in our society ; again , i 'll be prepared to ` take ' what i 've boldly dished out . 
   if you do n't want to hear from women , stop writing about them . 
  women comprise a central focus of your analysis and discussion here . 
  do n't be surprised or discouraged by their presence . 
   pardon me for defining you by your body parts but ... grow a set !, 
  all they find to respond is `` women commenting are not allowed , here 's the door '', 
  reliable source that putin and his `` allies '' ( who are the allies ? ), 
  have taken everything for themselves ? 
  saying `` all russians will die from alcoholism '' ist just the same as saying `` all americans will shoot each other dead '' . 
  if i take a look at the products and things i use and consume in my everyday life , a lot of them are american , european or japanese while not one thing is from russia ( except maybe the gas that heats up my house ) . 
  so america is not only resource exploitation . 
  no i 'm actually european , and i use a lot of american products . 
  my computer 's hardware , my computer 's software , my phone and my phone 's os , soft drinks , food , coffee from american chains , american websites , and more . 
  so what i 'm saying is while the us also exploits their natural resorces , their economy actually produce valuable things which are used everywhere in the world . 
  point taken . 
  i still stand by the point however that america has a serious gun problem . 
  i was mostly thinking about the gun massacres ( often in connection with suicides ) which happen nearly on a weekly basis and are often perpetrated by mentally sick people who despite being sick have legal access to guns , or , even if they got them illegally , have easy access because of the wide distribution of guns in the whole country . 
  that the crime rate decreases a bit is not really an indicator as the gun distribution was always high . 
  even mexico , which has enormous gang and homocide problems , gets 90 % of its guns from the us , often legally bought , and all that is what i call a gun problem . 
  there is a gang problem too . 
  much of it could be solved by legalizing drugs imo . 
   no they do n't . 
  there are hundreds of hundreds of these massacres happening over the time , so while not every week , they are far too many . 
   so it 's a mental health problem . 
  imo it 's a gun and gun distribution problem . 
  elliot rodger was able to legally buy deadly firearms even though he was clearly mentally ill . that 's because there are no background checks and the consitution says every mad lunatic can buy a gun . 
  adam lanza did n't buy a firearm legally , but he just took it from his mother 's house -  gun distribution is madly high . 
  there are many mentally ill people in my country too , but they do n't get access to guns . 
   your quote is kinda awkward ... 
  some members of / r/short [ 1 ] are terpers . 
  what does that have to say ? 
  the large majority of short peole are not . 
   a background check through the fbi 's nics is required by federal law for any purchase made through a firearms dealer . 
  well , it seems those checks are n't enforced hard enough , or there are too many ways to bypass them . 
  buying weapon at gun shows where there are no background checks ( ? ), 
  or just moving to a different location . 
   in fact if you actually look at the details elliot rodger was disqualified and was able to convince the sheriffs office that he was not a problem . 
  do you have a source for that ( just out of interest ) ? 
  also , if he did n't get any guns there , could n't he just have driven to another random location in america ( texas for example ) and get a gun there ? 
   so maybe she should have taken better care of locking her stuff up . 
  sure we could pass a law saying you have to always lock your shit , blah blah blah , that is n't going to make people do it though .
