  hey , at least he 's having fun . 
  on a side note , why is the ` cringemas ' theme still there ? 
  it 's februrary . 
  it 's the normal schlongs of skyrim ... or are you talking about the cumshot ? 
  what did you to him , you bastard !, 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  he has a totally normal height . 
  it 's still a totally normal height . 
  i see hundreds of people that height when i 'm in the city or the subway . 
  cop gets acquitted for shooting a 7 year old black child in the head in america . 
  `` oh come on , it 's not that bad here , all just isolated incidents , what the hell is your problem '' . 
  it 's because burns was always living in the past . 
  as far as i can see , they got the license plate on camera so they can get the driver within minutes . 
  that depends on the country . 
  some charge the owner , some charge the driver . 
  for example , if you speed in austria and they get a photo of your license plate , the owner has to prove he was n't driving at that time by giving out a name . 
  '' he 's got reserverations and everything '' what does that mean ? 
  ooh ... i thought he was the owner of some native american reservations haha . 
  that 's strange , what subreddit are we in here ? 
  what enb are you using ? 
  i could n't find it in the mod list . 
  and the bastard mccain wanted to bomb her . 
  agree , it 's a fucking antisocial and asshole thing to do . 
  very annoying siren . 
  agree , it 's a grandis , really nice model although scarce . 
  probably because the recording person thought `` oh look , there 's the fire brigade , let 's film it ! '', 
  i agree the crimea invasion was a response to the events in the ukraine , but i ca n't approve it . 
  i mean , russian troops invading foreign soil and holding a referendum is not much different to what happened to my native country of austria in 1938 : armed troops invading and letting the population `` vote '' if they want to join their country . 
  i 'm also pretty sure it 's against international law . 
  there were also reports of ukrainian tv stations being switched off and journalists being threatened , so i definitley ca n't approve of russia 's action on the crimea . 
  i also agree that western media tends be very biased towards the pro-european and pro-western side , but i hope we can agree that russian media is no better in this aspect . 
  i do n't like the look of that white car . 
  the pontiac or whatever it is . 
  i do n't like it . 
  it 's not pretty . 
  at all . 
  it 's pretty ugly as a whole to my taste . 
  lol i love how the vw emblem just flew off . 
  it probably was like `` russia is too brutal , i want to go back to wolfsburg . '', 
  mazda and subaru are not on there because they do n't have as much market share as any of those other parents companies . 
  they just listed the 14 biggest ones . 
  looks like he did n't plug too much thought into it . 
  `` what do you mean she 's getting a cellphone ?? '', 
  is there a way to incease the search radius on the map ? 
  gta 4 and 5 are the same gen. 
  good thing brave americans did go to war to iraq . 
  otherwise , many innocent people might have died there . 
  in this case it would n't have been dangerous at all to let the nissan in . 
  he would 've drove into the lane behind the truck and that would 've been it . 
  no danger . 
  eh , letting someone into your lane on lanes going the same direction is n't dangerous if you pay enough attention . 
  it happens every day in city driving . 
  i do n't even understand how she could lock herself out . 
  if the keys were still in the car , how could she have locked the car from outside ? 
  but the maintenance of the s-klasse will cost you big . 
  you better hope you do n't need to get that air suspension repaired . 
  i do n't like how people just stand around his body like he 's already dead . 
  someone should keep kneeling down and talk to him , or if he 's unconscious , watch his breathing . 
  i may be late to the party , but i love your car !, 
  i 've been thinking about buying a new car for the last two years or so , and i 've been looking for a 2006 european honda civic , but i just ca n't get the e46 coupe out of my head , it 's just a timeless elegant looking car . 
  it 's funny but when i look at this show today i realize what a totally different time it was back then , for me and probably for many others who were younger then . 
  a time when you thought it was cool to fit an xbox and 10 flat screens into your cars so you could play xbox and watch tv in there . 
  a time when you thought those cars were awesome . 
  today i think driving one of these pimped cars would be embarrassing and i prefer factory cars with only a few subtle modifications maybe . 
  ] ( http://diepresse.com/images/uploads/1/a/9/573865/573865/u_vienna_mayor_haeupl_gives_thumbs_up_during_the_official_opening_of_a_styrian_tourism_festival_in_vien.jpg ), 
  were you delivering `` medical supplies '' to ukraine ? 
  same here , i do n't understand why they do n't make winter tyres mandatory like they are in almost all european countries . 
  here , you are n't allowed to drive w/o winter tyres from november until april . 
  i understand america is all about freedom of choice , but these people endanger other people 's lives . 
  i found that pretty misogynistic . 
  37 years and mentally stable ? 
  i sometimes get the feeling that most humans are mentally damaged at 30 already . 
  are you saying if only unattractive people would be alone , it would all be right with the dating/relationship scene ? 
  pseudo-scientifical gibberish . 
  to the contrary , it makes me feel better . 
  people in psychiatric clinics , severe alcoholics , etc. , in all those groups there are people with relationships . 
  it makes me confident i still have a chance . 
  `` i withstand multicultural pr programming because i think skin colors matter . '', 
  because even as a straight man , erected penises are just nice to look at . 
  they 're a symbol of sexual arousal and horniness . 
  of course a huge reason that america is a target for fundamentalist islam is its interventions in the muslim world , iraq , saudi arabia , afghanistan , libya and more . 
  one motive for 9/11 was infidel western soldiers being in saudi arabia , and it 's undeniable that the west has bred many , many terrorists with its military interventions in afghanistan and iraq , which have directly or indirectly caused hundreds of thousands of deaths . 
  the western society is one reason , western interventions in the muslim world another one . 
  i remember back in the ps2 days needing to buy a new memory card because the old one was already full . 
  they cost 30 euros each , alot of money for me back then . 
  almost true . 
  wien is third after berlin and hamburg . 
  oh , interesting . 
  my sources must be outdated . 
  guess vienna is growing faster than hamburg . 
  what does `` fa women '' mean ? 
  and what is this subreddit about ? 
  hating on obese people ? 
  do you realize how disgusting that is ? 
  people have feelings , i ca n't believe there is seriously a subreddit about this . 
  terrible . 
  whoops !, 
  thank you , fixed now . 
  it works most of the time , but at some times , this happens . 
  giving the top of the instrument cluster a good clap will fix it .
