  i beg to differ . 
  she 's a pretty height obsessed person from what i 've seen so far . 
  i know this sounds like a dumb phrase , but not all women are like that . 
  i personally think short guys are not the equivalent to fat women - morbidly obese women just look unpleasant to the eye ( not referring to girls who are just a little chubby ) , while shorter men are just shorter and that 's it . 
  they can still be cute or even manly . 
  at least that 's my opinion . 
  yup . 
  you could be a graphic designer for real companies . 
  that interpretation makes sense . 
  but what do you say to the rp theory that once a woman successfuly `` tames '' a man , by making him commit to her , she will inevitably lose attraction to him at some point in time ? 
   it 's called being a decent human being and realizing that there is an inherent power differential between men and women . 
  what differential is that ? 
  you did say the successful man would most likely agree with trp ideology , to which i disagreed . 
  i think many successful men do n't have dark triad traits . 
   women have all the same stresses , but with an additional worry about safety . 
  and men have the stress of measuring up to the standard of masculinity , which as you hear in this subreddit often , is a lot more hard than measuring up to feminity . 
  being a man is based on success and achievements , which makes a lot of men depressed and literally kills them , every day . 
  overall this seems a troll post and you kinda bitter , but i wanted to add this one . 
  so then there must be clear scientific proof of this direct correlation between physical strength and mental health that you speak of ? 
  oh yes ... i sometimes call him `` dofeus '' if that 's not too mean . 
  are you innately afraid of a man who is bigger than you ? 
  you 're still at a respectable disadvantage against a man with a lot more mass and power than you , statistically speaking . 
  and he could have fighting skills too , you can never know from a random guy you might encounter in a subway station . 
  so it 's taking a chance , he might be able to overpower and kill you . 
  that should reasonably lead to you having an innate fear of him , according to your logic . 
  let 's check just to be sure . 
  it was n't driven by free . 
   bluepill is a set of traditionally taught beliefs most of modern society indoctrinates which trp rails against . 
  i mean , by trp 's definition that 's what it is . 
  by another definition , it 's anything that trp is not in this world . 
  the midwestern area in the us is taller , while places such as california are very diverse and you will feel less short . 
  i do n't , haha . 
  it was just a random example . 
  but yeah , different geographical areas will have different average heights . 
  so that might be why you feel short . 
   this is probably the comment you 've ever said . 
  i do n't understand that sentence . 
  i 've seen some opinions here that a male protagonist would n't work because it would turn into a rescue or gore story , and because male characters in video games are pretty much all the same with similar traits and backstories . 
  i disagree with this . 
  male characters can be written just as sensitive , unique and beautiful as max was written in this game , even if they are mostly stoic , powerful brutes in video games , it does n't have to be like this for future games . 
  so while the story of lis is already written and finished , a future game similar to it could absolutely work with a fitting male character , too . 
  some women on these subreddits say that . 
  others say they do n't mind weakness or are even attracted to sensitive men . 
  there 's even a girl here with a self-proclaimed fetish for short guys . 
  i mean , it 's way more than one out of 3.5 billion , but you probably know that . 
  and being mr. genetics is n't a free ticket to a happy , satisfied life . 
  you can get casual sex a lot easier , but you wo n't necessarily get a great relationship or the perfect soulmate without hard work to find her . 
  you think they 're high ? 
  i do n't know , reasonably intelligent and having a job , not overweight is pretty much an average woman from where i live . 
  `` reasonably pretty '' is subjective , we do n't know what he finds pretty . 
  ok , no children might be tricky , if he is a little older . 
   still , it 's like this : more women are short than men . 
  a 5 ' 0 person , male or female , is n't reaching the top shelf . 
  loneliness sucks , even if there are fewer women in this miserable state . 
  what does that have to do with loneliness ? 
  well , the feminist government of sweden just enacted the military draft for men and women , so perhaps not all of them are manhaters . 
   to a lot of bp the `` sniper '' approach works better , because you may not get as many dates , but you get dates that fit better with your personality . 
  yup , thank you . 
  this is what i always thought and still do . 
  i 've seen terpers admit that they look for a submissive woman who looks up to her man in a relationship . 
  it 's fine if that 's what they want , but they should n't claim that this is the only thing that can work or that their strategies work with the woman an individual person is attracted to . 
  but then again , girls having crushes on guys is not a thing that never happens . 
  it might be less common than the other way round , but i 've heard hundreds of stories about women talking about guys they once had a crush on , neighbors , coworkers , fellow students . 
  so it appears that sometimes , girls will `` make these guys sexual '' for them , without the guys `` advertising their sexuality '' first . 
  so apparently , sometimes women 's attraction does work like men 's ? 
   but then again , girls having crushes on guys is not a thing that never happens . 
  it might be less common than the other way round , but i 've heard hundreds of stories about women talking about guys they once had a crush on , neighbors , coworkers , fellow students . 
  so it appears that sometimes , girls will `` make these guys sexual '' for them , without the guys `` advertising their sexuality '' first . 
  so apparently , sometimes women 's attraction does work like men 's ? 
  yes , exactly . 
  women both online and offline do approach , in fewer numbers . 
  that 's not the point though . 
  feminists pushed for a change in law that forces young women to carry out the same duties as young men to serve society , something that many people here said feminists do n't do . 
  iirc , there 's not only military duty , there 's also the alternative civil duty , such as elder care or ambulance service . 
  an ltr is not done with one hookup , getting to have sex with her is not `` halfway through the door '' . 
  it 's a relationship that can last possibly decades , and that will most likely require mutual investments in time and work to keep it blooming , even for chad . 
  she wants me to spend more time with her on the weekend , but i love drinking beer and watching football with my buddies . 
  how do i solve this ? 
  she wants me to spend more time with the children , but i already have not enough me-time . 
  how do i solve this ? 
  i 'm attracted to the new girl at work but i want to be faithful . 
  how do i solve this ? 
  perhaps a divorce would be the best for both of us , but what about the kids ? 
   at that point it 's just a matter of being a reasonably adjusted person to pull off a successful ltr . 
  that can be a very difficult task with a lifetime of work required . 
  i 'm having trouble with the absurdness of your post . 
  yeah . 
  that 's it . 
   80 percent of women are fucking the top 20 percent of men . 
  it could be considered autism to fail to acknowledge this . 
  this goes into my personal `` trp bullshit '' collection . 
  thanks brah . 
  sure , let 's let future readers decide whether i gave credibility to you or not . 
  most of reddit dislikes trp in any case . 
  `` kid with terminal cancer gets to meet his favorite nfl player '', 
  oh , you mean that everything that works is now rp ? 
  this man is confident , makes his friends laugh and is charming to the women ? 
  yup , that 's a red piller right there . 
  even though he is disgusted when hearing internet machos say `` women are childrenz '' and laughs at the afbb and 80/20 theories and thinks single mothers can be real heroes . 
  does n't matter , red pill works guyz .
