  the procedure of the surgery will even develop in the future to be more refined and less risky , and at 5 ' 8 '' you 're at a very good starting point , you could get above average height without your body looking disproportional . 
  manny pacquiao too . 
  then this other boxer , yuriorkis gamboa . 
  he is 5 ' 5 '' but he would probably beat 90 % of the male population . 
  the article is pretty good , except for the part that says `` it 's not your fault if you 're a virgin and you 're over the `` appropriate '' age '' - well , if you do n't ask a women out for 15 entire years it 's definitely your fault to some extent . 
  fedora or not fedora ... that is the question . 
  dumb bitch . 
  would n't . 
  i 'm done with this subreddit . 
  all it is doing is depressing me day in day out . 
  what the fuck is the use of that ? 
  i do n't want the chance . 
  `` i 'm such a nice guy and all these stupid sluts do n't see it ! '', 
  you think your new car will handle 120 mph in a brick wall better ? 
  oh my god honey , put on some clothes !, 
  what will the neighbors say ? 
  [ are you sure about that ? 
  ] ( http://www.feralnetwork.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/ezf4o2x.jpg ), 
  implying you tried it ? 
  as others have said , not having made social contacts when you were younger is not a death sentence . 
  one can still learn these vital social skills and manners even if he/she had less than usual during childhood . 
  also , these indicators of being a `` forever alone '' you 've listed are not necessarily relationship killers . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are quite a lot of people around who would n't mind if one of their friends did n't talk about sex or knew a lot about drinks . 
  these factors are also pretty subjective . 
  the first point is `` neckbeards do n't talk about themselves a lot because they do n't do anything fun . 
  but if you research a bit about the isla vista killer you 'll find out that he talked about himself quite often , so that 's not really a clear indication of being forever alone . 
  it was n't just this one setback of his . 
  it was all the other times in those 25-30 years when he did n't try to interact with women because he said to himself that he was n't good enough . 
  that `` i did n't learn it when i was younger '' is just an excuse . 
  no they are just genuinely nice . 
  i 've worked in ambulance service a year ago and most of the old men and women were very friendly and kind to all of us young folks there . 
  it probably plays a role that many of them are lonely as well . 
  the current boyfriend of my mother is in his 40s and lives with his parents . 
  he 's also an uber disgusting prick . 
  so yeah , it 's possible . 
  you mean that america where a house is on sale for 500 dollars in areas like detroit ? 
  no , saying that you 're still fairly young and still have time to become a happy person is positive thinking . 
  saying that you 're too old and probably do n't have any more chances is negative thinking , and there 's nothing good about that . 
  so what exactly is dumb about my comment ? 
  the claim that houses are available for 500 dollars in detroit is a fact that stands true , and other than that , i did n't know about the living situation in the us of a ( including the proberty tax , which is apparently huge ) , so i was just asking a question because i 'm not from america . 
  because in europe you will not get a house for that money in a large city . 
  so stop messing with me because my comment was neither dumb nor retarded . 
  i was n't actually implying one should buy and live in that 500 dollar house , it was an example for why housing and renting is expected to be cheaper in a country with a much larger land area and cheaper proberty prices . 
  it 's not culture shock but simple logic . 
  i still believe cost of living can be cheaper in many parts of america than it is in most of western europe . 
  one picture . 
  one career . 
  one life . 
  that was disgusting to read . 
  enough internet for today . 
  the holster is giving off that 90s vibe . 
  looking at iraq now , he is not completely wrong . 
  i got a kiss from a girl once in my life at a reunion ( a couple of my former school mates ) . 
  the girl is pretty popular and even modelling now . 
  but still i did n't feel much because she kissed all of us and it did n't mean anything really . 
  if you attribute the general societal norm that men * have * to make the first step to patriarchy , then yes . 
  in my opinion , women will always have it easier in the dating/finding a partner area than men , because of an imbalance that exists between genders : men having a higher sex drive than women . 
  thus , an average woman is alot more contested and fought over than an average man . 
  men who are unable to take the active role in looking for a partner are therefore in an extremely difficult situation . 
  yeah , disagree . 
  i think there are many other ways were a man can take charge and just because he is shy it does n't mean he ca n't appear attractive and masculine to a woman . 
  also saying that taking charge is an exclusively masculine attribute is subjective , and imo wrong . 
  that is just not true . 
  a really good friend of mine is 6 ' 7 '' and he 's heavily overweight , socially awkward , and has skin problems . 
  i can guarantee you he will have less chances than a good looking , sociable short guy . 
  this has to be one of the darkest corners on the internet i 've ever came across . 
  to op , if you 're still there : have you ever , in those many years , sought therapy or any other form of counseling ? 
  did you never have any friends who 've tried to help you , did you never find anything in those 47 years that you 're fascinated about , that you love to do , that keeps you wanting to live ? 
  from when i was born through childhood and early puberty for me . 
  i was a pretty normal kid , i had quite a lot of friends , male and female , it did n't matter to us because we were all just innocent kids . 
  nobody was too ugly or short and there was no attractive or unattractive people . 
  i was even together with a girl in a bath tub and with another one laughing and cuddling in a hammock , unbelievable when i think of it today . 
  great memories and beautiful times with lots of happiness , my parents were still together as well , although they divorced when i was 7 and when i was about 12 or 13 i started to become really isolated . 
  it 's not much better today sadly . 
  i personally do n't want to go out of this life without ever knowing what sex feels like . 
  be it through an escort or a loving girlfriend , of course i hope it will be the latter . 
  i was short as a male kid and i was never abused because of it . 
  i guess i live in a place where women are less superficial and where being shorter than 6 feet is not a no-go . 
  america seems horrible from what i 've heard here when it comes to dating . 
  humanity has not lived this long because women have always rejected shorter men . 
  so many shorter men were famous and legendary , and many of them were shorter because their fathers were shorter as well . 
  if napoleon is the only person you can think of , then you do n't know the height of many famous short people . 
  actors , politicians , scientists , soldiers , entertainers , athlethes ( floyd mayweather anyone ? ) ... 
  even the ones alive today are wayyy to many to name them all . 
   honestly , for every famous short guy , thousands never had  sex/reproduced . 
  yeah well ... citation needed . 
  some of them are facially attractive , but not all . 
  tyson is by no means facially attractive . 
  i quoted mayweather but there are just as many legendary , historical figures who were short . 
  i want a citation for the claim `` for every famous short guy there are thousands that never had sex '' . 
  because that 's what you 've said . 
  what 's your source for that historical 40 % figure . 
  how many of the 60 % did n't reproduce by choice ? 
  how many of them died early because of war or disease ? 
  also you 've said had sex / reproduced , so you 've also claimed that they do n't even get to have sex once . 
  there are plenty of legendary short people in the west . 
  right now i can name martin luther king , lawrence of arabia , winston churchill , picasso , james madison , and there are many more . 
  i think it can be a valid decision for some people , if they are aware of all the risks and costs . 
  a guy like me who is 5 ' 8 '' could go from `` somewhat short '' to a perfectly normal height , and would be seen and accepted as such . 
  if that 's what i want and if i like my body better that way , why should n't i do it ?
