  a lot of men do n't want to be leaders or dominant , to say that all males are like this , or would be most happy fulfilling this role is silly . 
  while there are differences between the sexes , i do n't see why one sex would be more suitable to being a leader as a whole . 
  if that is so , we could also make the argument that women are not suited for leading corporations , or holding political offices . 
  it 's after all , not what nature intended ? 
  with corporations and the military , i would argue that these are huge groups of people that need a hierarchy , and not everyone can be at the top . 
  with a bond between 2 people , this is not the case . 
  relationships with a leader and a follower also exist , but i admit i 'm biased against `` submissive '' women in that regard . 
  so romantic . 
  i get it , you want to be a doting womanly wife looking up to her commanding fatherly husband . 
  i personally dislike this relationship model , but the world is big enough for many different forms of relationships to exist , thankfully . 
  we could very well make the argument though that this role for a woman is definitely more child-like than that of the leading , commanding man . 
  this is exactly what trp does of course . 
  the very same subreddit that proclaims the captain-mate relationship is ideal for both men 's and women 's well-being for biological reaons scoffs at and disdains women for acting like overgrown children , being incapable of making rational , reasonable decisions , for not building the world and civilization that men built and for being incapable of holding political office and even voting in elections , for these very same biological `` differences '' of men and women . 
  how does it make you feel ? 
   nope , you 've got that wrong , i 'm an incredibly independent , strong and intelligent woman . 
  that 's not what i said , that 's what trp says . 
  and just lol at your attempt at ad hominem , trying to scare me that no woman will ever want me . 
  just because awalt , right ? 
  you 're not doing the reputation of the female gender a favour by acting how you act , because i can assure you men are sexually very diverse , there 's not only those who want to dominate and bulldoze . 
  let 's see how this compares to the women then . 
  nope . 
  i do n't believe women are all like in that little description . 
  i was pointing out that stances like your own actually give ammo to the misogynists , instead of the stances women who say they can stand up for their own and do n't need daddies in their adult lives . 
  submissive men are not weak and i 'm personally not looking for a dominant partner in particular , rather a relationship on equal terms . 
  i would probably be uncomfortable with being a captain with a first mate but that does n't mean i 'm a weak man , at least not to grown up people without 18th century world views . 
  what 's a hyperbole ? 
  women are children mentally , should n't hold office , should n't take men 's jobs , etc. 
  are literal things that are said by trp constantly and are justified with the so called biological traits women are supposed so have . 
  if you say women are naturally submissive , natural followers and natural underlings , while men are natural leaders , you go in the same direction and thus , assist their ideology . 
  yes , i will find out myself , thank you . 
  i do n't believe your theories are the truth though , at least not without a lot of nuances and exceptions . 
  which is easiliy believable since i 've seen a lot of women in this very subreddit convincingly describe them . 
  i know men are very varied and different and that there 's a lot of them who do n't fit the dominant leadership archetype , and they 're everywhere among us , so i 'd be very surprised if these natural deviations do n't exist among women also . 
   but there will always be winners and losers . 
  some poor chumps will get the short end of the stick , that 's just the way it is . 
  i do n't worry about them . 
  neither should you . 
  i do worry about them if it 's not their fault for being in that situation . 
  ok , as a straight guy i will say this . 
  i think your face looks pretty good , it gives off a very manly vibe . 
  i 'm not a facial aesthetics expert , but your thick eyebrows , jawline and nose all make you look pretty masculine . 
  your dark eyes add to that . 
  that 's good . 
  nice teeth too . 
  your skull shape is kinda weird , but it 's nothing i would worry about . 
  it looks a little goofy , but if you learn to own it , it can add to your recognizability in a good way . 
  there 's always the option of hair transplants or hairpieces if you want to fix it . 
  your height is going to be the biggest drawback , unfortunately . 
  a lot of women will exclude your from their preferences for that reason that you have no fault for , and no control over . 
  ( actually there 's surgery but let 's not talk about that unless you 're very very very depressed ) it 's still not a reason to give up though , because a lot of good women are able to look over it , and there 's a good number of girls shorter than you . 
  cheers !, 
  wear the hair very short and not completely shaved off as someone here said . 
  keep the facial hair , do n't shave them off . 
  start working out and building some muscle . 
  get a sense of fashion and try to learn what clothes look good on you . 
  learn charisma and read some books on topics you 're interested in , because smart and intriguing people are attractive . 
  wear lifts if you want , they add a little height . 
  becoming successful romantically ( or whatever the dude 's goal is ) is not the same as auditioning for the lead role in a bond movie . 
  this comment is wrong . 
  what if you shoot it with a barrett .50 cal, 
  are n't there more mass shootings than days in a year in the us ? 
  you 're a good looking dude . 
  that 's a lot of overgeneralizations there , buddy . 
  first of all , we need to mention that the male audiences also matter when film companies create roles for movies . 
  as far as i know , most of the consumers of bond movies and other action films with hypermasculine stallone-like roles are men . 
  second , the raw masculinity `` jock '' angle is certainly not the only way a man can attract women . 
  do you think justin bieber was adored by millions of girls because he was such a manly , virile guy ? 
  there 's absolutely a lot of women out there who dig cuteness in guys . 
  third , `` ugly '' is subjective . 
  a lot of guys would n't find the nerdy , shy , bookish girl the most attractive compared to the sexy bombshell type of girl , but there 's other man who absolutely find the first type the most attractive ( and not just in a `` she 's the best i can get '' way ) . 
  it 's only logical that a lot of girls also have a similar taste with men . 
  once the episode demands it , wiggum works outside of springfield . 
  not all famous actors or sex symbols have good facial symmetry or perfect proportions . 
  a lot of masculine hollywood actors had imperfect faces but made it up with their manliness and even charisma . 
  and i would argue that media and popular culture definitely does play a role in dictating attraction cues , even if it 's not the only force . 
  men generally like thin women , but the degree of thinness and other phenomena such as the thigh gap is something that is not only dictated by people 's raw desires , but by media and the popular culture . 
  some women are driven to anorexia because they feel - rightly or not - that their worth in society is determined by their appearance . 
  media does play a role in shaping these feelings . 
  overall , i do n't really see the point you were making . 
  people like different things , and there are certain tendencies in appearance which a large share of women ( or men ) find attractive in the other gender . 
  how does this relate to this post ? 
  you said that op was not `` handsome or sexual '' even if he was cute . 
  but yet you acknowledge that likes and attraction cues can vary to a great degree and that the cute angle can definitely work for a guy , in attracting women . 
  this is mostly a subreddit where people go out of curiosity if they are really as ugly as they are afraid they are . 
  some people have reassured op that he looks alright , and that he definitely has cuteness to him . 
  this at least brings some positive energy . 
  what 's the content that makes your post worthy ? 
  make op go `` ah , better get some better facial symmetry , better eyes , more flawless skin . 
  thanks . '', 
  returning to my initial statement ... 
   becoming successful romantically ( or whatever the dude 's goal is ) is not the same as auditioning for the lead role in a bond movie . 
  it still stands . 
  justin bieber or bruno mars could not audition for playing james bond , but they can absolutely attract their share of women . 
  guns are probably a good comparison , since they tend to increase murders and killings in society . 
  a society with more guns often has more killings even though killing people is an inherent human trait . 
  additionally , media can artificially increase some of people 's desires and marginalize others , because media is not a perfect democratic representation of people . 
  for one , people 's buying power differs . 
  i get that you 're trying to say that , but what 's the value of it ? 
  people are coming here if they want to know if they 're ugly , and many of them are probably inseure to some degree . 
  what good is going to do making a post saying that op is not traditionally handsome like movie heroes - without anything else in that post ?
