  spaces between teeth are always caused by bone loss ? 
  or it can also be genetic . 
  if you are accused of hate speech in a european country , your case gets decided in a court . 
  until he dies . 
  i 'm not gon na watch it if it 's in qatar , 100 % . 
  from europe ( austria ) and i do n't witness this type of casual racism towards gypsies in my daily environment . 
  i only see it on the internet and it scares me . 
  what distresses me is that the wipers are in constant motion even though there 's no rain of any sort . 
  not even in our politics here we address the so called `` problem '' of gypsies . 
  it 's simply not a topic . 
  there are no waterdrops on the windshield . 
  `` finally all the innocent lives lost because of the 2nd amandment pay off ! '', 
  you see , my tv is worth more to me than his life , so i will shoot him in the back ... while he 's carrying my tv . 
  do n't you think it 's very degrading to yourself to swallow body juices of people who are more or less total strangers to you ? 
  so no single drop of rain hits the windshield before the wiper comes around ? 
  unlikely . 
  really not all guys in porn have massive cocks . 
  some of the ejaculations in porn are really weak . 
  it 's 1080p footage , so there should be something to see . 
  and `` distressed '' was n't meant 100 % seriously . 
  why for heaven 's sake would you need to own 8 assault rifles , and why would it be so unacceptable to ... * gasps * only own a semi-automatic pistol like a glock instead ? 
   astroturfs, 
  it 's a lie very presumptuous on one hand , but not big enough on the other hand ( e.g. 
  as saying : 400 million people ) to hope the other person will not notice how you aritifically inflate your country 's worth . 
  but there are rifle types very similar to assault rifles ( such as ar-15 or m4 variants ) not classified as assault rifles and therefore easier to own . 
  but a barrett cal 50 can shoot through several targets at once and is easy to own . 
  more or less on the topic of possible destruction . 
  yeah , automatic rifles may be regulated , but their gun legislation is still very liberal and questionable . 
  also , is n't private to private purchase the big loophole ? 
  could you purchase an automatic assault rifle from a private seller ? 
   do you really want more glocks ? 
  i know i should n't , but i ca n't help my patriot sense tingling when i see the popularity of glocks . 
   you have n't looked into anything in any respect . 
  please elaborate . 
  not an argument to explain why owning 8 assault rifles would be useful or reasonable . 
   by next year i expect the most popular candidate on reddit will either be cruz or trump . 
  that would surprise me a lot . 
  besides the gun legislation , which is a very touchy subject , reddit as a whole seems hardly pro-republican . 
   the us was n't vivisecting living pregnant women and prisoners, 
  no , but imprisoning people in camps solely because of their heritage , firebombing ten thousands of civilians and letting many of their soldiers murder and mutilate the corpses of their enemies was n't that good either . 
  the ija was n't able to defeat the chinese forces either . 
  china was a significant and important enemy to japan . 
   the military was there to break apart isis and isil jihadist . 
  which they did a hell of a job doing till obama decided to pull them out . 
  all he work that the military did , the soldiers lost is all for nothing, 
  does he think the us should simply occupy iraq indefinitely because they completely fucked up stabilizing the country ? 
   i 'd be more concerned about a less modern military . 
  i guarantee that shit like the paris attacks wont fly in my city because of an armed population . 
  til islamic terrorists are afraid of death . 
  the war in china required significant resources for japan and was far from being won . 
  it 's really not as simple as you put it . 
  what is ludicrous is your comment . 
  war crimes are war crimes and should n't be compared and `` balanced out against each other '' anyway . 
  the crimes of the japanese regime were inacceptable crimes and the crimes of the us were inacceptable crimes as well , period . 
  this basically sums up the whole `` red pill '' . 
  on one hand hating women and seeing them as stupid , emotional , slutty less worthy beings , on the other hand focussing your whole cult around picking up random women and having sex with them . 
  pass all her shit tests , use a-class push and pull strategies , a good skosh of negging when she gets too confident ( your ass is fat , etc. ), 
  playing hard to get , making fun of her in front of her parents , imitate your bitter vision of chad in general . 
  i like their comments on 9-5 jobs and that betas basically choose them out of safety for the price of making less money . 
  yeah , i 'm sure all terpers will choose to be enterpreneurs and will all succeed in doing so , because of their alpha instincts . 
  `` mining bitcoins '' is another great money making strategy i 've heard from the `` manosphere '' . 
  along the lines of `` before i discovered the red pill , i was uselessly sitting in my basement all day when i could 've made money mining bitcoins at the same time '' . 
  deacon is the most awesome character in the game imo . 
  so great to be around . 
  i was saddened to hear he ca n't be romanced , after i met him i was hoping for that . 
  i did n't even read anything about him on the wiki because i did n't want anything spoilered about him . 
  the disappointment i feel now is pretty much the same when i found out my khajiit character could n't romance any other khajiit in skyrim for the first time . 
  beautiful . 
  mr a. chester from crawford , pa had to sell his house and entire life savings he wanted to leave to his offspring to fund his heart surgery , but at least he could be proud that he financed some dirty commie europoor 's medicine research with his expenses . 
  why would i want to own an suv ? 
  it 's big , clunky , unsporty and has usually horrible gas mileage . 
  i rather stick to my compact car . 
  congrats on being a huge asshole . 
  why can i still see it when it 's been removed ? 
  american health systems basically pays for your ibuprofen . 
  show some gratitude , eurofag . 
  yankbot putting in extra shifts instead of taking european commie holiday times . 
  is it just me or are these `` we pay for your standard of living by paying for your military defense '' posts getting very frequent recently ? 
  protect trade routes from whom ? 
  jack sparrow like pirates in the atlantic ? 
  german submarines ? 
  thank you . 
  as luck would have it , i 've started with swan song just yesterday . 
  thank you . 
  i can not believe this man is still considered by society and media as a serious presidential candidate . 
  how has he not been completely laughed and ridiculed out of this position yet ? 
  to be fair , there 's a lot of europeans saying that we 're on the wage of nightmare as well , because of them refugees . 
  europe is n't shy of idiots . 
  can you tell an example of the bullshit fed in kindergarten ? 
  every single american gets included in this world controlling scheme ? 
  and not a single european takes part in it ? 
  so n. eckbeard from vernon , illinois or the gas station attendant in como , texas have more political power than angela merkel or jean claude juncker ? 
  the eagle actually had good intentions for america by going after trump . 
  the uk does n't have da 's . 
  the guy you were arguing with here is just a laughable revisionist . 
  claiming hitler did n't want to take poland will make any credible historian burst out laughing . 
  but many of our people lose their entire savings because of the insane medical expanses , why do n't we do something about it ? 
  no , we are just too big for that . 
  he basically made himself an example of these americans making stupid statements ... it 's just classic . 
  parent comment :,
