  one indication is how rpers think the strong `` bro '' language when it comes to sex ( `` slaying pussy '' etc. ), 
  is completely normal language and every guy on the planet talks like that . 
  there 's nothing wrong wit a guy being a romantic . 
  wo n't somebody think of the saudis ? 
  what a coincidence that today is june 6th and yesterday i bought a coffee and got this [ 2 euro coin ] ( http://imgur.com/a/o75ce ) as change . 
  chewing on them when you 're bored is not normal ? 
  regardless of how she looks , trp often states that women will only partner up with men who earn more than them and have more prestigious jobs than themselves . 
  according to that statement , the examples op posted should not exist . 
  that 's quite a lot of hamstering for one post . 
  you do n't understand , my negative canthal tilt , weak ramus , nasolabial angle and recessed midface make me doomed for lifelong incelness . 
  here 's three peer-reviewed science papers that prove it now let me finish my whiny manifesto and write a post on sluthate before i go on an elliot rodger-y rampage shooting spree . 
  very good comment . 
  your effort for quality posts is too low . 
  does downvoting comments on youtube actually do * anything * ? 
  now i kinda feel sorry for him . 
  whose top contributors identities have been revealed ? 
  gaylubeoil , anyone elses ? 
  case in point : anita sarkeesian . 
   yeah . 
  i mean , everyone around trp the subreddit and manosphere bloggers know it 's open season on them . 
  gee , i wonder why . 
  do n't base that assumption on some incels here who say they would take any women as long as she breathes . 
  a lot of men have standards , and gender roles ( such as `` men should n't cry '' , `` men should propose '' ) are perpetuated by both genders . 
  perhaps that advice is not so wrong . 
  trying to fulfill the role of the stoic rock can take a toll on your mental health , and if a man wishes to express himself in a more feminine way , that 's probably an attribute that was already inside him before he heard the advice . 
  the people who gave the advice that it 's okay to be expressive probably did n't think getting pussy is men 's only desire . 
  i 'm not sure that to make of this stance , but it definitely gives good ammo to the misogynists . 
  crying and letting your emotions flow freely is definitely behavior that is more child-like than being stoic and having control over your emotions and being secure with yourself . 
  while red pillers say women are children , your argument can arguably serve the conclusion that `` women are more child-like than men '' . 
  perhaps women just initiate more break-ups and dead beadrooms because men are more likely to stop investing in a relationship ? 
  yada yada , women suck and do n't love women , men largely suffer in a gynocentric society . 
  only the 1000th time i 've heard that . 
  where 's your data for men spending more time on relationships ? 
  men are more likely to leave women in illness though . 
  that 's probably the difference between `` blue pill '' and purple/red pill thinking . 
  the blue pill think that most regular men are doing okay , even if they are somewhat feminized . 
  they already have `` some success '' , mostly . 
  the purple/red side think there is a deep crisis , and most regular men are having big trouble . 
  agree with you on the feminists who enforce gender roles . 
   as always , seems like women use rp as an excuse to feed their laziness . 
  very intriguing point . 
  might be true for some posters here . 
  you say your wife is accepting of you when you show insecurity . 
  this seems like a healthy relationship . 
  what happened that gave you this fear of a woman leaving you or losing attraction should you show too much weakness ? 
  was ist just reading stuff on the internet ? 
  from the manosphere or trp ? 
  or was it some specific event in your marriage ? 
   because like we are the same as women with our `` words hurt '' bs to the other gender and then say worse things about their own gender . 
  ... what ? 
  got any source that they 're getting bigger ? 
  lmao ok you got no source . 
  if it 's women 's job to keep `` miserable depressed losers '' from reproducing , then who keeps miserable depressed women from reproducing ? 
  about half of all men or so have submissive fantasies , so it 's pretty clear not all of them want this . 
  playing the devil 's advocate , we could make very good points that female sexuality is a lot less diverse than men 's . 
  `` i do n't want to submit to a man '' = `` i hate men '' ? 
  that 's what i was thinking the entire time while reading this thread . 
  there seems to be a massive disconnect from the op 's stance and some of the rp stuff that is constantly thrown around here . 
  op says that porn and a cultural shift leads to women being expected to perform degrading sex acts which they do n't want to do , because they hurt or because they 're degrading . 
  trp on the other hand says all women naturally want to submit and if the guy is `` alpha '' enough , they get crazy with pleasure and orgasm if they are treated like worthless shit in bed . 
  terpers all say that women love being degraded , slapped , cummed on and brutalized . 
  op has a red tag too . 
  suprised noone else mentioned this disconnect . 
  terrible self-defeating attitude you got there . 
   you 've lost your value to about 70 % of the male population . 
  citation needed . 
  the kids likely will be taxpayers one day , contributing to a nation 's economy . 
  a lot of men only want one romantic partner at a time . 
  if a man spends more time with his child than his wife , he can expect to receive more custody , too . 
  only on average , women stay with the children more . 
  kids also get a say in this , at 12 or 13 ( depending on the country ) they can decide with whom they want to stay . 
  saying `` redistribution of the fruits of men 's labour '' is an inaccurate oversimplification . 
  a lof of women are in the workforce and pay taxes that support welfare recipents . 
  even if women pay less taxes as you 've accurately said , they belong to the calculation . 
  also welfare and child support are not a way to get rich , in my country i 'm sure it 's enough money just to get by , not live lavishly . 
  a man making a lot of money will still be considerably more wealthy even if paying taxes than a welfare queen . 
  let 's not also forget that the governments that were voted into office by the voting population ( equal voting rights for men and women ) enacted these tax laws . 
  what country is that ? 
  i kow that in the us , welfare queens are more of a republican fear mongering symbol , and they are definitely not seen as winning in life . 
  the high-income man will still be a high-income man with paying child support . 
  a responsible mother wants her child to grow up with a father . 
  so the welfare queen single spermjacking mothers are probably mostly trashy people who still make up far less of a country 's expenditure than the subsidies for oil companies and agriculture . 
  i agree there are unfair elements in how custody works , but i do n't agree that the father has absolutely no rights . 
  a good father who 's loved by his children will still be able to see his kids and once they are old enough , they can decide for themselves . 
  dude , my grandpa was also very short . 
  he still had a good job , found a good woman who stayed with him until his death , and had 2 kids . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  women are n't a monolith who all find one attribute repulsive . 
  thank god they 're not . 
  and even if many women wo n't find you attractive , they wo n't think you 're `` subhuman '' . 
  granted , there are assholes , but there 's also many okay people . 
  iirc , forza 2 had default rear diffusors . 
  they should bring that one back . 
  lmao, 
  yeah . 
  it actually makes me a little proud that i have gone through my share of hardships in life without turning into a person who goes on the internet saying [ something like this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/theredpill/comments/63c6jx/she_acts_like_a_child_because_she_is_happy/ ) . 
  i doubt that 's gon na happen . 
  ko punch . 
  a large chunk of trp says women are only attracted to the top 20 % of men , so most of the marriages will follow in dead bedrooms ( provider marriages ) . 
  the change on the person in the first picture is insane !,
