  longing for the past is a mental state of insufficient matureness . 
  it does n't mean you 're a bad person if you do it , but it 's a state you can work to escape . 
  it 's possible to acccept the past and the way things happened , and come to peace with it without remorse . 
  a good friend of mine someone suffering from loneliness , while still being unhappy about that state , genuinely feels no remorse about his teenage years . 
  it 's not a inescapable mental state . 
  and since i know these this person , i can tell his life is far from being completely horrible , often filled with joy and content , despite him being over 18 and `` fa '' . 
  tldr : the human psyche can go through many horrors and dark times , and still come out alive and willing to heal . 
  faness at a certain age is no death sentence . 
  there is denial of reality in both sides of such a heated debate . 
  pov drive videos can be exciting even with non-sports cars . 
  a good scenery , some nice music and a nice car and it 'll make a cool video . 
  [ https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=car+pov+drive] ( https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=car+pov+drive ), 
  this whole post is completely moronic . 
  damn sly , you 've really let yourself go . 
   i just recognise that their strategies and goals are not the same as men and i enjoy understanding how and why their end of the relationship game works . 
  even different men have countless of different stratagies and goals among themselves , because there are billions of them . 
  what 's gon na happen to the hit-and-runner when they manage to arrest him ? 
  charges ? 
  lawsuit ? 
  are there any facts behind the claim that politifact is `` left leaning '' ? 
  the question is , would the organization even exist if not for the west 's long series of military intervention in the region ? 
  the history of is and its origin as well as the motivations stated by the 9/11 perpetrators seem to confirm that most terror stems from this particular military strategy in the first place . 
  if you 're referring to the silvester events , they did n't report it for 2-3 days . 
  not one month . 
  i found your comment hillarious and therefore upvoted it . 
  wow , over 9 hours of lines . 
  just goes to show how much work went into this awesome game . 
  * we get marketing and make our customers believe we respect the war dead . 
  what change in behaviour was that exactly ? 
  you should 've stopped and checked if the driver is alright . 
   my point is that i ca n't really imagine would it 'd be like to actually be a 5 ' 4 '' guy in the us . 
  i imagine it sucks more than most people here imagine , so they do n't really understand his frustration . 
  this is like imagining to live your life in a wheelchair . 
  not saying these situations are equal , but it can be compared . 
  many people would say they 'd probably kill themselves because their lives would be so incredibly horrible when being confined to a wheelchair . 
  when it actually happens to them though , most people find that their quality of life turns out okay , and they do n't feel the need to end your life . 
  when you say you ca n't imagine being shorter than you are now , it 's a similar situation . 
  the whole article is garbage and a disgrace to science in general . 
  it 's full of fallacies and badly researched `` facts '' , such as the penis length claim . 
  while there is a correlation , it 's in the range of milimetres . 
  so the average for a 5 ' 6 '' person might be 5.1 inches , while the average for the 6 ' 1 '' person might be 5.2 inches . 
  hardly relevant , not to mention it would be considered very offensive to make any of these body data comparisons between certain groups of women . 
  we should remember the name tim olds as a disgrace to his craft . 
  edit : this is a comment found under the article and it sums up my view perfectly :, 
   being short provides the perfect angle to punch this author right in the groin . 
  be comfortable in whatever height you are , and know that there will almost always be somebody taller than you . 
  at the end of the day , these `` facts '' are about as relevant to your daily life as this author is relevant to society . 
  or rather : fuck the unprofessional , amateurish use of statistics . 
  these attraction comparison threads are spooky , especially the thing with setting an equivalent male height for a specific person and comparing facial features . 
  when i see them , an image of a racial studies teacher measuring head shapes and determining eye colors on a chart in nazi germany pops up in my mind . 
  my response , as ridiculous as it may sound to people here , would be that watson would be a very attractive partner to a lot of men , because she 's educated and intelligent , and is also an attractive woman . 
  some men actually care about intelligence . 
  hypergamy and af/bb . 
  i completely agree . 
  terpers go mad that a woman will leave you if you do n't act correctly , that it 's possible that her love for you fades , but act like a woman can sit on the couch , eat cheetos , get fat and watch judge judy all day and her boyfriend wo n't leave her , because men are capable of unconditional love . 
  it 's bullshit . 
  no one is capable of that . 
  not even your parents love you unconditionally . 
  if you will treat them like shit and only curse and swear at them everytime you see them , for years , one day their love for their child will go away . 
   even the theft of a y200 sandwich can earn a two-year prison sentence , say academics , at an y8 .4 m cost to the state . 
  just how is that even possible ? 
  what would he do if he lost a finger or even a whole hand in some kind of accident ? 
  could he cope with that glaring imperfection of his body ? 
  or would be kill himself ? 
  the reddit hivemind is pro-hillary ? 
  hardly . 
  about 97 % of men have sexual relationships . 
  without those 10 nuclear carriers europe would be fucked , god bless america . 
   and making fun of people in pain and suffering has improved social issues how often ? 
  not everyone in rp claims to be in pain and suffer . 
  not even the majority i would say . 
  many of them claim to have fun with casual sex by using strategies to exploit the stupid females ( see : field reports ) . 
  roosh or matt forney are not in pain and suffer , or they do n't claim to be . 
  they 're sardonic while spouting their misogyny . 
  this guy is super funny . 
  what 's a shitpost ? 
  recognizes `` globalists '' ... what does that mean ? 
  i love how this is right above the `` children given lifelong ban on talking about fracking '' article on this sub currently , hahaha . 
  free speech my ass . 
  well , his account is gone now . 
  what are `` unfit genes '' ? 
  this is much too vague . 
  ugly people are n't the same as `` shitty people who are not worth breeding with '' , shitty people are people such as criminals and parasites to society . 
  here are three typical posts which sum up the user bengunnsilver :, 
   boo-hoo i 'm so short . 
   boo-hoo i 'm so short . 
   boo-hoo i 'm so short . 
  we 've evolved from being simple-minded animals to gauge a person 's worth far beyond some arbitrary measure of biological attractiveness . 
  let me guess ... you 're american ? 
  is your mother vapid and selfish ? 
  because different preferences do n't exist . 
  bill was a mechanic at bmw of middlebury , connecticut when he met jane , a sales rep from new haven , and they both had to suck up a lot of `` engine oil '' and `` brake fluid '' to `` overhaul '' their strained relationship . 
  it required a lot of `` tinkering '' from both partners , but it paid off when they finally got their beautiful marriage ceremony `` rolling '' in the end . 
  i ca n't see your comment since i have you on ignore , however , it was probably something along the likes of this :, 
   boo-hoo i 'm so short . 
  america has dangerous areas after dark in most big cities , but you would n't say america is fucked . 
  if america is so great , why do n't you wan na chip in to the well-being of its poverty-stricken citizens ? 
  but i guess the next time it 's about giving aid to africa or afghanistan , you go `` give it to poor americans instead !, 
  they need it because they 're poverty-stricken ! '', 
  what ?
