  but i 'll agree with you that the behaviour of many asian men , which can be described as more timid and demure than the average white man can be a factor for why many of them have problems on the dating market . 
  with white women , and probably even so with a lot of westernized asian women . 
  i will have health problems from the heels sooner or later . 
  did i do the math right ? 
  you 're right , i did already notice the muddle up . 
  what do you think about your mother ? 
  ^ * hypergamy . 
  translation : you have to entertain me . 
  you were in space ? 
  hey , are n't you the guy that everyone hates ? 
  max payne 3 was not so super . 
  that might be the truth . 
  but as of now , his chances look really bad and everything indicates he will lose the election . 
  what will await us then ? 
  this is not how trp describes it , trp says women are biologically attracted to dominant behaviour , while this poster said often women are only pretending to be because they can lay back and enjoy the ride . 
  it 's meant as a joke . 
  purple drapes !, 
  and please dear god , tell lisa it 's rude to eavesdrop on other people praying . 
  what 's with lou 's arms ? 
  depends on the issue i 'd say . 
  and the ads for the super new business strategy that allowed 40 year old soccer mom to make 3000 dollars a day fron home . 
  are there really people stupid enough to think these are legit ? 
  thank you for this post , i completely agree . 
  i 've had ctd 's that were gone after i restarted the computer . 
  must 've had something to do with the cache . 
  i can handle modding skyrim , that being said , with many mods on my game , i always have little issues and quirks within a savegame , within one certain quest , that i promise to fix at some point in time . 
  sometimes i forget about them . 
  skyrim and its mod community are really great , but boy , all the time i spent with modding and tweaking the game over the years . 
  the world is n't black and white . 
  there are healthy and unhealthy forms of teaching masculinity to your son . 
  kids damaged and traumatized by fathers who wanted to drill masculine behaviour into them by force absolutely exist . 
  not every boy , and not every man will fit the archetype of masculinity . 
  such is life . 
  who stabbed him ? 
  i do n't remember the toilet being here ... 
  but afaik , women have more muscle endurance , meaning they can carry a lot of lighter things in a very effective way . 
  erm , irrelevant . 
  that 's like when i saved up for two years to buy one of my dream cars . 
  i felt great once i had it , but already a day later i knew that owning it would n't make me a happier person on its own . 
  those nails are horrible . 
  i love how the bullies ' parents looked exactly like their kids , down to the clothes . 
  my statement was that toxic forms of masculiity absolutely exist . 
  whether toxic feminity is more damaging is completely irrelevant to this point . 
  thank you !, 
  i blame reddit 's search engine that this did n't show up when i searched for `` teen '' on this subreddit . 
  i guess this is our end , wendell . 
  he says he 's 5 '11 and he feels like a shrimp because `` all the men are 6 ' 2 . '', 
  so 3 inches , which is n't even that big of a difference , makes you a shrimp now . 
  i hate these exaggerations . 
  [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yx7bqt0ix5c] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yx7bqt0ix5c ), 
  use your main finger !, 
  that statement does n't really make sense , does it ? 
  why is it so terrifying ? 
  what could happen should trump not `` accept the results '' , and would that mean in reality ? 
  ooh , ice cream ville !, 
   women 's dealbreakers are so crazy and unfathomable to me , but i completely believe them when they state them based on my experiences . 
  iirc u/gridrexx once wrote that she went on a date with a guy she was totally into until he said he was n't into reading , and bam , just like that the attraction, 
  perhaps because attraction to some women is n't the easy rp formula of `` looks , status , confidence '' . 
  intelligence is definitely a part of what makes a woman attractive to me too . 
  post an example of a 10/10 man . 
  what is it called when you wo n't stop picking your nose, 
   outliers exist , but for the most part i believe trp is right about those 3 giving men the most sexual/romantic options , most of the time . 
  what about personality ? 
  things such as a warm , positive vibe , a caring nature , conversational skills , personal ethics , being able to deal with everyday problems effectively ( this can be a very manly trait ) and such other things that are important in daily life ? 
  are those just unimportant beta traits ? 
  because when i talk to people every day , those are things most would mention that are imporant in a partner , probably much more than `` status '' , which many people would probably say is a shallow thing to look for in a partner . 
   is this a deal maker , or a deal breaker , though ? 
  what i mean by that is that i can believe you would reject a hot but dumb girl based on an intelligence standard , but frankly have an incredibly hard time believing you would accept a fat , homely girl with bad acne because she is intelligent . 
  in other words , the hot girl was rejected by lack of intelligence as a deal breaker , but the fat girl was not accepted by intelligence as a deal maker . 
  fuck i should make a post about that subject right now . 
  physical attraction definitely matters , i do n't think anyone will seriously deny this . 
  but i 've experienced that women who were already reasonably attractive ( not `` super hot '' but not ugly women ) become a lot more intriguing once i see they know about things i care about , once i see they seriously think about the world and how it works , about the problems and current affairs . 
  so i guess it 's a mix of both , it 's part of what makes a woman attractive although her loooks are important to some level . 
  although i want to mention that i really want to stay open about physical requirements . 
  i could n't imagine being really attracted to an overweight girl , but since i 'm very critical of the looks requirements some women have regarding men , i do n't wan na say it could never happen . 
  i try not to be a hypocrite about things , so when i critize some of womens ' `` deal brakers '' , i look critically at my own first . 
  so why did the driver not even brake ? 
  fell asleep ? 
  texting ? 
  `` protecting them '' ... in iraq ? 
  he has a point though . 
  i mean you said `` we 're too op '' as if real life was like call of duty : modern warfare , but the difference is that cod does n't show what happens to a soldier after he 's discharged . 
   you are correct , these are beta ( comfort , provision ) traits , and yes they are necessary and desired for an ltr , but they are not attractive traits , which is the alpha side of things . 
  trp has always said for a quality ltr you need both alpha and beta traits , so you are n't really arguing against them here . 
  but there is still a clearly different rating going on there , both in trp theory and in practice . 
  alpha is * better * than beta . 
  with alpha traits , you will never have trouble finding women who are attracted to you , and a woman will not leave you for a better man . 
  you might end up acting a bit like a psycho with enough alpha or dark triad traits , but woman will fall for you . 
  having what you call beta traits is , in sum , a worse fate . 
  no woman on the planet will be attracted to your qualities , and if she decides to be with you , it 's only because you * provide * for her . 
  that 's another example on how trp clearly rates those traits as objectively bad . 
  you only * provide * for her , she 's only with you because you give her money , time or affection . 
  but this is missing out that in healthy relationships , both parts provide for each other . 
  a woman will also give her partner time , affection and such things . 
  it should be a relationship that benefits both , while trp treats `` beta relationships '' always as the man getting exploited by the woman . 
   for the millionth fucking time , here is a critical redpill axiom : do n't listen to what people say , watch what they do . 
  people 's stated preferences often do not match their real life actions . 
  well , okay . 
  but equally i could say : * for the millionth time , accept that not everyone has the same experience on what people do . 
  * for example , i would say that the `` bad boy '' phenomenon is rather a footnote , and most women i see are in relationships where the man is kind , affectionate , supportive , and not an extreme caricature of chad .
