  he went from a somewhat normal , but poor looking guy to a still normal , but handsome fella . 
  it also looks like he might have lost fat in his face , which is probably an illusion because his face got longer . 
  nobody would have a problem if they followed the traffic rules . 
  the women on okcupid were given photos without any personality cues about the men they rated . 
  personality matters for most women and can make a man a lot more attractive , even if he is not that handsome . 
  plus women have a reactive sexuality and need to see someone in a sexual light so that real sexual attraction can happen . 
  this has been mentioned by others in this thread and women have described how they can see a very hot man and still do n't think about fucking him . 
  a lot of men ( i would bet the majority of them ) seek more in female companionship than just having a tight pussy that feels good at your disposal . 
  what 's a feminine mind and how is it different to a masculine mind ? 
  you believe that most women are only using sex for resources and are secretly not attracted to their partners until proven otherwise ? 
  how do you imagine this can even be disproven ? 
  even if women told you they really loved their partners , they could simply lie and only keep them for resources . 
  equally one could say men only want their partners for sex and do n't truly `` love '' them or want companionship with them with no way to prove otherwise . 
  well , then we have different experiences . 
  most couples i met appeared to be two people who are mutually attracted to each other and the woman was not obviously stating she was only with him for the bucks . 
  most women are also working today and about 40 % of all couples in the us have the woman outearning the man . 
  americentrism . 
  found the ugly guy . 
  unless your bought your home in detroit , where it might be only worth 500 dollars now . 
  this is a trops so overdone in movies it should simply never be used again . 
  guys can still be bullied by their male classmates after turning 16 . 
  women are hypergamous because they can be , in our current societal structure . 
  if men were the desired gender and a man was inherently valued for just existing , and a totally average man could choose between an attractive young woman and an attractive young woman who was also wealthy , who do you think he would choose ? 
  it 's almost like rain on your wedding day or something idk . 
  you ca n't wear boots in formal attire . 
  hurr durr men are super powerful and could take away all of women 's rights without resistance . 
   yeah , it 's an oversimplification . 
  the clearest counterexample is you also get dopamine increases from talking to friends , kissing a person you are attracted to , etc. 
  i think that was exactly his point . 
  making friends or finding a person who wants to kiss you actually requires work and dedication , getting off your ass , going outside and facing your fears . 
  if video games , which do n't require you to face your fears and develop social skills , can also give you that dopamine kick , it 's logical to assume that video games can reduce a guy 's motivation for having romantic success . 
  poor and lower class men have many relationships but women would rather be single than dating a `` low value '' man ? 
  he does n't have a source . 
  he did bring up the point of addiction later on , but his original argument was that video games can lead to a man being less secure of his masculinity and sexuality . 
  if video games can keep a man from going out , learning social skills and becoming confident of who he is , the point stands . 
  we have the power to rise above your animal drives . 
  people have proven this in the course of time over and over and over again . 
  i 'm not `` fucking violent '' and most men of my country are pretty damn peaceful beings , especially if we compare them to animals . 
  hypergamy could also be simply described as pragmatism , women paired up with the men who invaded and conquered them because it was a practical thing to do , you were n't killed and instead received resources and protection . 
  there 's no reason to say that men do n't have this pragmatic drive , albeit in different versions in a practical manner . 
  as far as i understood it , a dopamine rush is pleasurable and thus , it 's a rewarding experience . 
  training yourself to do things that give you that rush without much effort ( such as playing vidya or masturbating to porn ) will plunder your motivation for doing things that are rewarding in the long run . 
  finding a girlfriend you can kiss is an effort that can take much longer , and can include several rejections and painful experiences . 
  if you can get that dopamine rush by just playing video games or turning on a porn clip , you are less likely to go through all that effort for real achievements . 
  at least that 's how i understood it - not that i necessarily believe this is 100 % true . 
  i agree that video games are not inherently harmful . 
  a lot of people play video games and are totally fine , just like a lot of people watch movies or television shows . 
  it 's just that many posters in the red pill sphere dislike them because they incentivize spending many hours that could otherwise be spent by socializing , or learning pickup skills , or building your own entrepreneurial empire or whatever they think constitutes a `` real man '' . 
  providing meaningless success experiences ( all the achievements popping up that new games have ) and that dopamine rush is one reason why they dislike them . 
  i do n't necessarily agree to that , because just as you 've said , it 's a factor of moderation or if you are addicted to them . 
  how ? 
  i 'd say most people who have ever subscribed to the trp subreddit have their fair share of mental baggage too , something that probably stays with them for life and affects future partners , in many cases . 
  there is n't really an issue to resolve , at least in regards to posters who say they wo n't date a woman with mental health issues , or have hesitations doing so . 
  that 's their decision and it 's fine , i 'm just adding that , judging from the sometimes very controversial things said and written in trp , mental baggage also seems to exist there , and it 's not only a niche phenomenon . 
  a lot of posters in the manosphere also criticize the feminist `` creep shaming '' , that often targets guys who are somewhat in the autism spectrum . 
  what am i trying to say here ? 
  only that perhaps both sides ( men and women ) could benefit from not immediately exlucing people with a certain amount of issues . 
  but that 's for them to decide , i know i wo n't exclude them . 
  indians are n't starving anymore . 
  so vulcans would be the most masculine species imaginable ? 
   ` uniqueness ' is very much exaggerated . 
  not if you 're one of the unique ones . 
  then it matters . 
  but trp has nothing to offer for them . 
  but you made some really quality posts in this thread , so not all red pillers are like that . 
  women are not as visual in their sexual attraction as males . 
  attitude does matter . 
  if anything , we should value women who like having sex with different guys , because they do n't care about their supposed `` guardian '' roles and do something that both men and women like and enjoy . 
  so the feeeelings of the guys matter . 
  it was n't using cars as analogies for humans , but cars as analogies for sex . 
  some people can get expensive cars from their parents , others have to work for them . 
  some can get easy casual sex , others not . 
  because `` your feeelings do n't matter only the facts do '' is often used by the red side in arguments . 
  other than that , it 's not controversial . 
  boring lady . 
   women will face some sort of consequence for treating men this way for decades . 
  cutte little revenge masturbation . 
  so you want men to be the leaders of relationships , the stoic rock ? 
  is that what you want ? 
  so i guess we can conclude that women are more child-like than men . 
  being a leader and being in charge of your life with full responsibility is adult-like , and if women want to dispose some of that responsibility to a man because he is a `` higher being '' of some sort , we can rightfully conclude that if trp says `` women are children '' they 're at least partially correct . 
  ok , i do n't have time to read the australian study you linked there . 
  but i 'm assuming that , since it 's been published in a scientific journal , they stuck to solid scientific standards that make this sort of research valuable . 
  this is unlike the claim that `` thanks to women being granted equal rights , they are unhappier than ever before '' , which was the claim that u/cuittler was responding to . 
  comparing a time when women did not have equal rights vs. when they have equal rights introduces millions of variables , and i think it 's perfectly reasonable to say that correlation might not equal causation here . 
  it could very well be that in more progressive societies , where women have equal rights , there is a much heavier focus on mental health , and women are more likely to report to be unhappy , or they could be more likely to be unhappy because living in a western society comes with much higher expectations than in some other society . 
  i do believe i have a point . 
  if you want to be lead instead of taking charge , it will have consequences . 
  one being that you will be taken less seriously . 
  it was n't bait , just my honest opinion . 
  men also have less desire to marry just as women . 
  i watched the race until the last 10 rounds , when alonso was at 8th place . 
  how did he end up 9th ? 
  was he overtaken by sainz ? 
  yeah , disappointing . 
  i always expect newcomers to swallow . 
  i would argue that relationships do n't need to be hierarchies , a two-person partnership can absolutely work on an equal level as decribed multiple times in this sub . 
  i have some guy friends and guess who 's the leader when i hang out with one of them ? 
  no one is , it 's a fluid dynamic , sometmes one person will take charge if he wants something , and sometimes another one will , but you can always opt out . 
  we do n't decide who 's gon na be the leader when we become friends , that would be very silly .
