  the abusive father who shouts at his son because he rather reads books than play in the football team would be an example of toxic masculinity . 
  this all looks disgusting . 
  i ca n't hear you over trump 's low ratings . 
  of course i have heard it , just like i 've heard `` jews are greedy back-stabbers who want to destroy the white race '' or `` taxing the rich creates unemployment '' . 
  it does n't necessarily have to be true . 
  i believe a lot of women can be attracted to these traits in certain situations ( such as `` pick-up locations '' ) , but i also believe women are able to value , and even be attracted to what trp would call beta traits , without losing interest or becoming unfaithful . 
  just commenting to let you know that the 20 % of men are attractive paradigm is n't widely accepted in society or among normal women . 
  it 's a woman ? 
  there is no right * not to be approached * . 
  women can deny and even ignore these approaches , and of course they have the right not to be assaulted , but nobody should be ashamed of approaching a person he finds attractive . 
  it 's a natural and understandable thing . 
  clio ? 
  you wish . 
  that 's a twingo . 
  a clio is a megane compared to it . 
  the people on okcupid are not a mirror of society in general and all that . 
  our neighbours have a white one . 
  it was rusting heavily all over the tailgate until they painted it over with white paint or something similar . 
  they are also crazy dog people whose dogs yell in their backyard the entire day . 
  security !, 
  hunter has serious aggression issues . 
  cool old galant . 
  this is perfect . 
  missing crashes on startups , hours of looking for fixing your game . 
  preparing to mod your skyrim takes a few weeks of preparation to even understand the basics ( especially when it comes to body & adult mods ) . 
  merged with whom ? 
  what are you going to do , call the cops ? 
  this is a questionable statement . 
  running for another term would be controversial . 
  tpp is dead . 
  are we talking about ttip or am i confused ? 
  ttip is the planned free-trade treaty with the eu . 
  my confusion . 
  i died laughing when i saw that `` shocked stalin '' picture in the middle , haha . 
  how is he doomed when actual dwarfs have relationships ? 
  will nobody challenge the statements that `` western society cares for noone except for who 's the biggest brute '' and has `` a universal liking for rough and degrading sex '' ? 
  pretty hard stuff imo . 
  you ( the op ) claim not to be a red piller , but your beliefs of the world align with trp pretty solidly i would say . 
  except for the self-improvement and motivational aspects . 
  attractive people have it easier in certain situations in life . 
  more news at 12 . 
  perhaps some women do n't care about the definition of a smv that some people on the internet created and both dislike the shirt of that science guy and the clothes of some rap artists on cd covers . 
  does n't meant it also would n't attract some anger with an attractive guy wearing the shirt . 
  should men not cold approach people ever , aka talk to women they do n't know , telling them that they find them attractive ? 
  because what the guy said was n't bad or indirect at all . 
  i 'm sure there 's people who also get angry and upset in the real world , as a response to certain behaviours . 
  if it 's not a question of attractiveness , i do n't think we disagree - some men just do what they want and do n't care for people who will be upset . 
  others do care because social pressure or being afraid of losing their job , of being stigmatized , is more important to them , or because they honestly find their own behaviour wrong . 
  that 's not what op 's opinion was at all . 
  also 2000 $ utility pants for the billionaires ' favourite athletic activity , rafting , climbing , hunting , something like that . 
  then again , people are encouraged to finance these shiny new vehicles , with a lot of adverts and status symbolism . 
  if only the people who could reasonably afford them would buy these cars , would the car brands still be able to survive ? 
  so what you 're saying is , even though the women here could still have rejected the man even if he was more charismatic or attractive , statistically speaking , the chances would be lower for that ? 
  understood . 
  one other example was the guy approaching the feminist blogger in the elevator . 
  close call though . 
  what would you do if you had to kill one manatee to save another one ? 
  but before you respond , consider that the manatee you had to kill is pregnant . 
  shake harder , boy !, 
  your parents sound like terrible people , no offense intended . 
  not all people are like this , some parents are genuinely happy when their kids start to improve themselves and make themselves more attractive . 
  there is no grand conspiracy to keep low value men in their place . 
  perhaps because not everything about trp is controversial . 
  the self-help parts , and some of the dating advice ( such as passing `` shit tests '' ) are probably not controversial to most blue pillers . 
  what 's most controversial is probably the general view on women , the view on society as a whole as well as the male chauvinism and what some would say unhealthy glorification of masculinity . 
  you can still be successful without accepting these beliefs . 
  great comment . 
  your username does n't fit you . 
  which studies confirm that ? 
  of course she had to put it all in caps instead of just going back as soon as quickly ... or calling her . 
  interpreted by whom ? 
  i 'll agree that it 's a popular liking , but definitely not universal . 
  it 's a red pill position . 
  `` women want to be dominated by potent men '' , `` women are naturally submissive '' and `` masculinity is the key to success as a man '' are absolutely deeply red positions . 
  why would they get insurance money when they were completely at fault ? 
  i like how they already let our a relaxing `` phew '' sound before the situation was even over . 
  who pays that ? 
  what if both parties get injured , but only one has 100 % fault ? 
  also , would n't health insurance just mean your treatment gets paid , but you do n't get cash transferred to your bank account ? 
  how would this help someone doing insurance fraud ? 
  as i understand , it 's only to pay medical expenses . 
  and you 'll still have a damaged car . 
  hardly sounds profitable . 
   as for saying `` it 's not a redpill position '' , i meant , it 's not exclusively a redpill position . 
  it becomes a trp position by mixing these facts with certain beliefs and approaching them in an absolutist and extreme degree . 
  saying `` yeah , many women have fantasies of being dominated in bed , and with consenting partners , this can be a lot of fun for both , and can excite sexual spark , but this does n't mean women do n't want to be responsible adults '' is one thing and probably a mainstream position . 
  saying women want to be dominated hard by manly alpha brutes and if you do n't act alpha enough and degrade and dominate your woman , and assert absolute dominance in every situation , every single woman will cuck you and you will forever be lonely is a trp position . 
  also : nothing else can ever work . 
  awalt , and if your relationship is a bit different and less of an absolute trp wet dream where you are the prototype manly alpha hunk , your relationship will absolutely fail , because your woman will turn away , and you should be very concerned . 
  which is why i said your statements resembled trp more than they resembled mainstream consensus . 
   if that 's how it was interpreted from my post . 
  [ this is ] ( http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/greatmultiverse/images/d/df/bj_blazkowicz.png/revision/latest?cb=20140903115022 ) who i think of when i hear `` biggest brute '' . 
  and i think most others will too . 
   since i emphasize accuracy , i 'll also admit `` universal '' was hyperbole on my part . 
  the degree to which some form of dominance both physical or verbal by men is usually preferred by women during sex is just so statistically high, 
  i assume you mean statistics like the ones i saw you posting some time ago , in this subreddit . 
  those which said that about 60 % of women have domination or rape fantasies . 
  there might be more statistics . 
  but to me ( and disagree if you will , this is what i like to believe ) , this is still a far fetch from saying there 's near universal liking or `` need '' for men to be capable of these things . 
  it also does n't necessarily mean women want to be treated like this in every setting , or that they are not able to enjoy different , more equal approaches to sex .
