  i lost 17 destroyers , 2 light cruisers and all convoys , meaning the brave soldiers of the 54th division despicably drowned in the sea :( luckily , my two carriers survived . 
  this brings me to a couple of questions :, 
  is there a better way to protect convoys ? 
  the fleets only have the `` convoy escort '' command , which covers a specific sea region . 
  the convoys have to pass several regions to get to their destination , meaning i have to order the fleet to a new region over and over while the convoy sails on . 
  this is annoying . 
  the convoys had the order to keep going , but they stayed in the region where the battle took place . 
  the game kept showing `` this convoy will arrive in the next region in 1 hour '' , never arriving there . 
  what 's wrong ? 
  are early carriers worse than capital ships ? 
  i assumed my carriers could hardly affect the battle because the efficiency was low ( bad weather , early naval doctrines ) . 
  from my hoi2 times , i remember that carriers should only pair up with smaller ships ( cl and dd ) , while they should not be in a fleet with battleships and heavy cruiers . 
  is that still accurate ? 
  hey , i hope some of you can help me finding a video that was posted here perhaps a year ago , or maybe even longer . 
  it was a cammer 's car crashing into a smaller vehicles ( perhaps kia soul ? ), 
  which failed to yield to the cammer 's car , and drove onto the road the cammer was driving on , from an intersection . 
  i remember that op or someone else saying the driver who failed to yield was a teen driver . 
  you could also freeze the video right before the crash and see a rather chubby woman in the kia looking completely shocked at what 's about to happen - some even made fun of that screencap in the comments . 
  it was a video shot in the us or perhaps in canada . 
  i searched for `` teen driver '' , and `` failed to yield '' , and kia soul , but could n't relocate the video . 
  can anyone help me ? 
  for some odd reason i ca n't search for user-made decals and layers and download them anymore . 
  they used to be under `` add new layer '' and then you could go to the left tab to `` community shapes '' or search with the `` back button '' ( or whatever it 's called on the xbox one ) . 
  that option is n't there anymore . 
  the button does nothing and the most left tab in the layer menu is `` geometrical shapes '' . 
  what 's wrong ? 
  i 'm connected to live btw . 
  i have installed the simpeg agricultural mod to make farms in the game more exciting and nice to look at . 
  however , the problem is they provide too many jobs . 
  take a look at this . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  this is supposed to be an uninhabited piece of coastland that is used agriculturally . 
  it shoulnd ' t provide 4,000 jobs . 
  i have huge traffic jams in this place that is supposed to be quiet coastland . 
  i like the looks of spam 's farms , so is there any mod that improves farming without providing so many jobs ? 
  [ this diagram ] ( http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/file:pol_cultural_marxism_conspiracy_flowchart.jpg ) was once published in 4chans `` politically incorrect '' forum showing the cultural marxism conspiracy theory and its alleged influences on politics in the western world . 
  one statement made a lasting memory with me , it 's the one seen at the bottom , in regards to the migration policies of western nations :, 
  ** `` democracy may be blamed but the real problem is the representative system . 
  had immigration been subjected to a democratic vote , it would have been halted in all western nations decades ago . 
  even if such a vote was carried out today , immigratoin would be halted . 
  after reading and thinking about it , i found that i had no fully convincing argument against it . 
  it alleges several things :, 
  * immigration has been a constant phenomenon in the west for the last decades, 
  * immigration was not subjected to a democratic vote, 
  * most of the population of all western nations are against mass immigration, 
  i believe at least the first statement is true - immigration from poorer regions of the world was a constant event for the last 50 years or so , at least in western europe . 
  immigrants from these regions in general have higher birth rates than many western `` native '' populations and are becoming larger parts of the populations . 
  the remaining statements are more tricky - my guess would have been that immigration is indeed subject of a democratic vote , and if western populations were against it , they would vote different forces into power , and would abandon their loyalty to existing powers/parties which caused immigration policies . 
  obviously the diagram was made by people far on the right political spectrum , but i found this one statement somewhat intriguing and not easy to counter . 
  what 's your take on it ? 
  from watching a lot of mainstream porn ( not the best source of information i will admit ) and the interviews with porn actresses before a scene , i got some sense of what turns these women on in regards to sex . 
  first of all , an overwhelming share of what women find hot in sex are things that represent a submissive role . 
  actresses who seem pretty chill and down-to-earth will often casually admit they like being slapped , being spanked , being chocked , being spit on or being grabbed in some way -- or even being urinated on . 
  this might be a result of selection bias , because women who are not into these clearly submissive , arguably degrading sex acts will not enter the porn industry . 
  however , it 's still surprising to me that i found so many fewer mainstream ( aka not bdsm ) porn actresses who said they like sex acts that take place `` on eye level '' or even put them in a dominant role . 
  second , i noticed that almost all of these fetishes are passives acts -- these women enjoy what 's being done to them , instead of enjoying something that they are doing to others . 
  the only thing i can think of that women say they enjoy doing to a man are handjobs or blowjobs , or similar `` jobs '' that involve a man 's penis or ass . 
  now i 'm sure there 's many men who have similar fetishes , who enjoy getting a blowjob or other passive acts , but many men also get off to the thought of what they would do to a woman , instead of something that 's being done to them . 
  with women 's fetishes , i have not observed such a variety . 
  now i guess rp would say that this is because women 's psychology is a more passive , naturally submissive one . 
  perhaps some would also say women do n't even find men that attractive and are more obsessed with the female sexuality themselves -- that 's why their tastes seem so passive . 
  but i would say that 's far-fetched . 
  overall , i was just thinking about this and i would love to hear some opinions , disagreements are also welcome . 
  to start off with a debatable point , it can arguably be said that trp as a whole thinks men are the `` better '' gender . 
  one good point of demonstrating this is by viewing how trp as a whole views male and female sexuality . 
  by examining how many trp authors , moderators and endorsed posters view the nature of these sexual behaviors , we can conclude that female sexuality , according to trp , overall does not allow societal harmony to flourish and collective happiness to thrive . 
  a high number of terpers believe that women by their nature can only be attracted to one specific kind of man . 
  this man is often described as being at least reasonably attractive in appearance , of tall stature , having visual cues of high testosterone ( wide shoulders , pronounced jaw line , prominent eyebrows , deep voice ) , `` dark '' features , and so on . 
  he also must have an `` alpha '' personality , that is being confident , assertive , socially dominant , sexually aggressive , and possess a certain amount of social status , which means having a respected position or occupation in society or the corporate world , preferably a leader of other men . 
  these requirements for female attraction create a very narrow , rigid and special image of a man that is by its nature unreachable to a vast amount of men . 
  tall stature is one of the most obvious examples . 
  being `` tall '' means being above average height , which is an attribute that can only be held by up to half of all men in a society . 
  if we increase this requirement further , by saying that tall means being in the upper 30 percent of height distribution , 70 % of all men will never be able to fulfill this requirement , no matter how hard they work . 
  depending on who you ask in the sphere of people adhering to the `` awalt '' principle , this can either already be a death sentence for dating women , or `` only '' a disadvantage which can be compromised for with other traits . 
  social status is another attribute that by its very nature can not ever be attained by all men . 
  for every handsome boss or neurosurgeon from a woman 's romance novel , there must be hundreds of other men below that position , of whom again only a tiny few will ever reach a high status position . 
  many terpers will say that dating the hot alpha billionaire is the ultimate female fantasy . 
  for every billionaire , millions of men are worth significantly less . 
  what is the result of this behavior ? 
  alpha fucks , beta bucks as well as the 80/20 principle . 
  women really only want to fuck the top tier of men , the alphas , the tall , strong , handsome and bold , the leaders . 
  although other men have relationships with women , these relationships are only based off the man providing resources -- financial , emotional or physical -- to the woman , and since these relationships are never based on true attraction on the behalf of the women , starfish sex , dead bedrooms , cheating and/or divorce will follow sooner or later . 
  this situation will by necessity leave a lot of men unhappy , because even if they manage to find a girlfriend , it will not be a relationship based on attraction - and this unhappiness is the result of female sexuality . 
  it will also leave a lot of women unhappy , since they can only temporarily get the alphas to be with them , except for a few select women . 
  however , this discontent of women is again caused by their very own sexuality . 
  now to compare this notion to the opposite gender , how does trp view male sexuality ? 
  in contrast to how they view female behavior , trp is not as in agreement on this point . 
  sure , `` men want to fuck hot women '' is a sentiment all of trp would agree with . 
  however , what `` hot '' means is viewed differently . 
  there are mainly two camps in trp , one that says that most women have the potential to be attractive , and that a woman can be hot if she is young , reasonably thin and does not have a very ugly face . 
  and another camp that seems to be pickier in what a hot woman is . 
  a woman must have a pretty face , a pleasant personality , nice tits , a slim or curvy figure , etc. 
  we can still see , however , that the requirements for male attraction are considerably lower and more in accordance to societal harmony than women 's requirements . 
  almost every woman has the potential to be thin , and every woman is young once in her life . 
  to sum it up , most women can become desired and attractive . 
  this is a stark contrast to the female attraction window , since not every man can achieve to be the high status alpha male that women secretly and exclusively find attractive . 
  for every alpha ceo , a thousand other men can only be lower employees by the nature of the game . 
  adding to that comparison is the claim that , which both trp and tbp will mostly acknowledge , men can be attracted to all kinds of women . 
  i personally believe that men are very sexual beings and can develop crazy fetishes and kinks . 
  fat women , goth women , shy women , outgoing women , old women , androgynous women , nerdy women , amputated women , biker chicks , you name it , there are probably thousands of guys who absolutely dig these archetypes .
