  are n't there male issue charities as well ? 
  and there are government jobs where females are preferred for hiring because of equality quotas , but likewise , there are some government jobs that prefer male applicants for the same reason . 
  that 's funny you mention autism , cause a lot of your comments make you seem autistic as well . 
  why would they go into a school and cause trouble ? 
  they do n't wan na go to jail after all . 
  late reply , but i do n't think it 's only `` preselected '' popular guys that get crushed on . 
  there 's the crush on the neighbor boy that is a somewhat common literature trope . 
  so i think it 's not only popular womanizer men that some women crush on , but also regular , not overly sexual ones . 
  i disagree . 
  a man can definitely show masculinity if he is confidet and/or strong enough , without being punished for it . 
  sexual attractiveness or status is not required for this . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's right to call that behaviour entitlement . 
  after all , many men learn that the only way to success is to try , try and try ( unlike an average woman , who gets opportunities by just existing ) , and the man in this example might have thought that there were still some chances even after the woman clearly showed that she wanted to get away from him . 
  needless to say his methods were predatory and idiotic . 
  male dominancy hierachy lmfao . 
  i found the notion of the existence of such a hierarchy to be humorous . 
  this article does not mention that a male dominance hierarchy exists in modern humans . 
   women all find mass murderers hot like james holmes because they crave raw power, 
   any criticism of female nature, 
  the problem with you is that despite your lip service of `` i love women they just have different roles '' , your misogynist attitude still shines through . 
  through the facade of `` men should have men 's jobs and women should have women 's jobs '' , you declare universially cherishable attributes such as being able to perform well at an occupation , `` male trought processes '' , and even logical thinking , as exclusively male . 
  though less severe , you also declare attributes such as raising children as exclusively female attributes . 
  with this kind of chauvinistic attitude of proverbially circlejerking to your own gender , it 's no wonder most people wo n't take you seriously . 
  like , how does this regressive attitude play out in reality ? 
  do you secretly wish every non-housework and family-related job should be occupied by a man ? 
  do you refuse to utilize services occupied by females ? 
  i had my eyes checked by an eye doctor some weeks ago , who happened to be a woman . 
  she performed well and did her job in a professional manner from what i could gather . 
  would you have refused her service if you were in my place , because of her inferior capability of logical thinking ? 
  would you have resorted to exclusively go to a male doctor , because even though a woman spent the same time in medical school , she is not biologically suitable for a `` man 's job '' ( which does not even require physical strength ) ? 
  despite your ramblings , the `` old times '' were not universally better for men and women . 
  men were tied to their traditional roles and women to theirs . 
  women were seen as objects , seen by the bride being exchanged from the father to the groom . 
  men were sent to die in wars and had to perform without showing weaknesses . 
  and despite the homage to `` feminine duties '' of housekeeping , childbirth and child raising , just these roles were also used extensively to justify women holding no power in society . 
  women should not be in the workplace , they have no experience and no skills for jobs outside of the household . 
  women should not hold political offices , they have no political experience and do n't know much about the world outside of their home . 
  and do n't get me started on the age-old belittling of feminine duties by men of the `` old times '' , an attutide that continues until today with the men of trp . 
  you 're a chauvinist , and your attitudes suck balls . 
  your name could be `` creepr '' . 
  the end . 
  how old are you ? 
  so much for breaking the patriarchal gender roles . 
  so what exactly was outrageous about watson 's statements ? 
  the us is not the whole world . 
   we send children off to daycare where someone else takes care of them , government run schools , all so women can feel this faux feeling of importance which they secretly dont want of being in the workplace . 
   everyone knows men think more logically than women . 
   women should not hold political office indeed . 
   white people are about to become extinct . 
  you clearly have gone completely insane as a result of a long time of the indoctrination of reactionay rabble-houser propaganda . 
  your views are not only objectively wrong , they are also abhorrent to any moral standards humas have set for themselves , including the standards of traditional masculinity . 
  like so many close-minded reactionearies before you , you are unable to think beyond your pre-defined shapes and stereotypes of sexes or groups of people , which could lead you to the conclusion that people are different and want different things , shattering your rusted , dogmatic views of `` this is how it should be , and everyone else is wrong '' . 
  you will likely die a bitter , frustrated lonely old man , still unable to understand why the world around you has changed and most people have gone beyond your view of the world . 
  i 'd rather be what right-wingers call a `` cuck '' than ever accept your close-minded pitiful views , since i actually have a moral compass and do n't feel the need to mentally uphold my own gender to be the greatest of all , including asserting exclusive ownership of such skills as `` logical thinking '' out of a narcisstic personality disorder . 
  inb4 : omg what 's your problem , this diagram is totally true to reality . 
  `` do n't object to me in public , woman ! '', 
  it 's the same with height . 
  there 's people on 4chan saying the average height in [ insert current year ] is 6 ' 2 '' but the government covers it up because too many men would suicide once they knew . 
  lmao , it 's not . 
  i loved how what hibbert said was exactly how lisa imagined it . 
  i never got that joke . 
  out of curiosity , have you served in the military to keep your country 's women and children safe and take the place of a woman who would 've foolishly gone to war otherwise ? 
  would you sacrifice your own life without hesitation to save the life of a woman you do n't know ? 
   masculinity is not about sacrificing your own life without hesitation for a random woman you dont know . 
  yet in your earlier post you said the glory of the `` old times '' involved men going to war and fighting and dying in battle because `` women were always the more cherished sex '' and for the `` power of pussy '' . 
  you revere these societal conditions that called men to die for women they do n't know , yet would n't want to pay the price yourself . 
   the military does not protect women and children , they go fight for politicians overseas . 
  i agree that the us military 's actions of the last decades were largely not about protecting america 's women and children , they were about securing international power , securing resources for large corporations , fulfilling politicians ' dreams , and so on . 
  still , as i 've pointed out , by serving , you could have taken a place that might 've been taken by a woman otherwise . 
  after all , you belong the the disposable sex , a role which you yourself seem to endorse and which should only be taken by men according to your ideal apportionment of the roles of sexes . 
  and besides that , there are positions in society that arguably do serve as protecting your people , such as the coast guard , the national guard , fire departments , and so on . 
  but instead of serving there , and while about 280,000 women have served in iraq and afghanistan , you decided for yourself not to fulfill the disposable role of the warrior and protector , instead resorting to stay in your comfy ass computer chair and scoffing at the women who have served , for `` madly '' taking up men 's roles instead of flourishing as housewifes and mothers , the only roles for which they are really suited for . 
  you 're an armchair internet warrior who does n't have the guts to turn your words into deeds yourself . 
  pathetic !, 
  hey moron , do you realize how completely meaningless the word cuck is ? 
  you alt-righters use it with such a religious perpetuity as your little internet warrior battlecry like it actually has any meaning to regular , stable people outside of your whacko universe . 
  a cuck is a man raising another man 's child as his own . 
  how does this have any connection to what i have said in our conversation or to what person i am ? 
  throwing insults that have become so overused and meaningless that they have become stupid internet memes at strangers is your own personal battle . 
  how incredibly manly , your manly ancestors would be really proud of you !, 
  lol . 
   so , in order to be masculine , men should rush out and serve in some kind of armed force according to you . 
  well , according to your own overblown mental masturbation fantasy of `` men are forged in iron and sacrifice themselves for others , that 's how it should be '' , i would reasonably expect of you to let deeds follow words and have something to show for it . 
  to serve a community , to actually use your manly strength for something good other than your own needs . 
  that would at least give your cirlejerk blather of the manliness of manly men some credibility , instead of making grown up people laugh about you for your 16th century views . 
  but then , all i get from you is `` i would sacrifice myself if i had to . '', 
  big words , but everyone can spout them . 
  i have served a part of my life for a community already , it 's a service that 's required only for men in my country . 
  just how it should be , right ? 
  only that i do n't mentally jack off to an idea of an `` hard-ass , burly , selfless man '' for doing it , because i do n't need to maintain such an image to like myself , lol . 
  tbh , i have nothing against healthy images of masculinity or feminity . 
  a confident , masculine man who is respected for his skills and command by his coworkers , who knows how to charm ladies and treats his wife and children well ? 
  sounds like a great dude to me . 
  a nursing , caring mother who stays at home with the children , keeps up the household and cherishes her man ? 
  great for her , if she likes it , and for her children . 
  a man who sacrifices himself for his wife ? 
  sounds like a real hero . 
  but holding these concepts as the only true roles for humans to fulfill is so fucking limiting . 
  it simply does n't do justice to how diverse people have become . 
  who am i to criticize a feminized man for living his life the way he sees it fit .
