  like which ones ? 
  thank you . 
  how many subscribers does trp have ? 
  and how many men are in relationships ? 
  perhaps 80 million , in the us alone ? 
  seems like a minority to me . 
  cooking 1 minute rice in 58 seconds . 
  i hope not . 
  i hope not . 
  n. . not really ... yours is just an extension cord . 
  completely normal height . 
  it 's okay because him and his wife will go to england after the marriage . 
  you say i should move to the philppines ? 
  `` the rich have managed to live as they do because of the scores of common plebs '' seems a little shortened and conspiracy-like . 
  yes , employees are important for people to make it big , but many of the rich have worked very hard themselves . 
  bill gates or steve jobs only got where they got because they had great ideas and focus . 
  shit , the food chute clogged again !, 
  poorer people are very likely to eat at mcdonald 's actually , because it 's fast and it appears cheap . 
  `` facts do n't care about feelings '' , when it comes to voting a president , it 's the other way around . 
  well , men can increase their attractiveness by status , money and experience . 
  a typical man wo n't find a 40 year old overweight woman attractive , no matter what good job she has . 
  so in that way , women do not judge more based on looks than men . 
  some disgusting douchebag degrading and vilifying an entire gender in very vulgar tone . 
  what 's there to like ? 
  i 'm having a hard time understanding you with your broken english , but you say that a woman 's brain can improve your attractiveness to her . 
  this can be the same for women , and there definitely are successful , attractive women with non-attractive men on their sides . 
  this is a very common trope . 
   owait , he 's 2 inches below the u.s height average so he 's literally subhuman . 
  nope . 
  sorry to break it to you , but words have meanings , and this is a complete overstatement . 
  `` subhuman '' was the word that the third reich used to justify murdering entire groups of people and depriving them of rights . 
  the fact that the 4chan incel horde acquired the word for themselves does n't make its usage less wrong . 
  did n't we just establish in this thread that raw masculinity is not the only option ? 
  the cute guy angle definitey exists . 
  also masculinity can be exerted through behaviour too . 
  because masculinity is also exerted through behaviour . 
  it matters differently for different women . 
  but most short and ugly men have relationships . 
  so , genetics do n't rule all . 
   you can legit look like zac efron or whoever and have the best ideal face and physique , but if you 're 5 ' 5 , 5 ' 8 or maybe even 5 '10 you will still be nothing in real life dating . 
  non-native or not is irrelevant . 
  the word `` subhuman '' has a very specific meaning , it 's in fact an almost literal translation of the german `` untermensch '' , which has very specific connotations . 
  being not immediately attractive to women based on your physical appearance is not the same as being regarded a lesser human being without the right to live or prosper . 
  even if some guys feel great pain , it does n't make their usage of that word less wrong . 
  there is a correlation between height and income , but whether this is due to discrimination is a different issue . 
  as you might know , there is also sex discrepancy in wages , and especially in this subreddit , you will hear many explanations on why this is not discrimination , because women supposedly choose lower paying jobs on their own account . 
  so a correlation does not equal discrimination . 
  discrimination based on height absolutely needs to be acknowledged and criticized , i agree with you there , but that still does n't justify the word subhuman . 
  and that hitler killed people with dwarfism proves my point even more , this is what declaring people subhuman really looked like . 
  luckily , we have no such actions done by governments anymore . 
   read my post you fucking retard . 
  i 'm talking about how shorter men are paid less than their taller counter parts , same thing with short women in relation to taller women . 
  this discussion is not about the gender pay gap . 
  not my fault women view short men as subhuman , regardless of how that word makes you feel . 
  wow , the point i was making flew completely over you head , did n't it ? 
  and in addition you insulted me for nothing . 
  so pathetic . 
  of course we were talking about the height wage gap , i used the gender pay gap , which is discussed a lot here , as an example that a wage gap does not equal discrimination or treating short people as `` subhuman '' . 
  it could be that shorter men have , on average , a little less confidence , leading to less successul wage negotations . 
  or it could be that poorer families tend to be shorter , and poor peple have worse career chances because their parents are not as educated and do n't teach them values as well as more wealthy parents . 
  there 's really hundreds of different factors that could play into this . 
  and no , women do n't view short men as subhuman , at least not all of them . 
  of course assholes and shallow idiots exist within both genders , but hell , short men have mothers , relatives and sisters . 
  do you really think a loving mother would treat her son as subhuman for not having a good height ? 
  for god 's sake , what about your own mother ? 
  as far as i know , women on the world still do the overwhelming majority of family work , raising children and supervising them ... and do n't get paid for that . 
  with gifts and free housing i would say these are vast generalizations , and you ca n't say that no woman on earth ever provides these to a man . 
  not if the rebublicans keep suceeding in gerrymandering election districts . 
  wow , what did you have to get fixed on that car ? 
  they expected him to be hotter . 
  remember to put on gloves in case you find the dead bodies . 
  many admit that sex is not what they want , but the validation and affection that comes with it . 
  the feeling that a woman wants you for you and wants to be intimate with your because she deems you worthy enough . 
  a prostitute wo n't give you that . 
  you do n't speak for all women . 
  how do you explain that there are hundreds of fetishes that men talk about what they find attractive in women , from fat women to small tits to grannies , yet there is no `` short guy fetish '' among women ? 
  i think you have a wrong picture about the victorian times . 
  are they ? 
  what should the genre be called ? 
  or perhaps he was downvoted because others have made different observations regarding `` all women are like that '' . 
  so what you 're saying is basically that men , as a whole , are better than women as a whole . 
  no matter how often you repeat it , it 's not true . 
  average men are still having relationships and families everywhere in the world . 
  inceldom is a small internet niche . 
  the leather wheel of my civic still looks pretty fine at 93,000 miles . 
  but men have more variation in their personality according to you . 
  there are good men and bad men . 
  meanwhile , all women are on constantly on the lookout for a higher value partner and will abandon their current partner without hesitation come the opportunity . 
  women are not loyal and these traits are so bad that this information is covered up in an almost conspiracy like fashion ( again , according to you ) . 
  this would make women an objectively worse gender than men , when measured by moral standards . 
  if he thinks there 's no races that 's actually a good thing . 
  `` kids , if you wan na research something , remember this page : www.wikipedia.com '', 
  `` i do n't see colour '' is a different statement , although that can also be said with good intentions . 
  but `` there are no races '' is even correct scientifically , because races in humans are a made-up concept . 
   everyone sitting in the objective room waiting to be sacrificed to fuze , bad . 
  not if you 're near the hostage . 
  `` hey , we need to pick the gravestone for echo 's funeral . '', 
  `` uhhh ... i 'll just let yokai do the job . '', 
  but how would you actually get into a survival situation while you have your wallet on you ? 
  that comparison is flawed because height is only a very , very weak attractiveness indicator for women .
