  but people start to see the police state trend in america , i see it too . 
  there is still my second question . 
  would you be charged for having sleeping pills in your hand ? 
  afaik , suicide or attempted suicide is not a crime . 
  so would you be charged , even if you do n't comply to put the pills down , and get knocked down and arrested ? 
  also , cops should n't be allowed to shoot you dead if you do n't drop pills . 
  i can see it with a knife , as you could endanger other lives , but with pills ? 
  does n't make sense . 
  you told me that 's how the law is , but i do n't support it in that example . 
  did the cops shake you hand and wished you best of luck when they left you at the er or the psych ward ? 
  eh , i think the wheels look pretty damn good , and if he does n't like them , he can easily swap them out instead of `` trying not to think about it too much '' . 
  does it have automatic a/c ? 
  true , my old mitsubishi had 156,000 miles and the clutch was as good as new when i totaled the car into a tree . 
  i 've seen this before , those guys really are super entertaining . 
  that awkward silence at `` eurofest was last weekend '' haha . 
  caucasian is a pretty damn stupid term , i agree . 
  it 's an american term , so it 's no wonder . 
  in europe nobody says `` i 'm caucasian '' . 
  can i take part ? 
  can i give infinite karma to other people ? 
  so how does this custom coke label thing actually work ? 
  where do you pick it up , how do you label it ? 
  why would it get much worse with people with vision problems ? 
  afaik , nearsightedness and farsightedness is just the problem of the eye muscles being too long or too short . 
  the eyes do n't get `` bad '' . 
  i 've had glasse since i was a kid , and my eyes have n't become `` worse '' in the last 5 years . 
  this enb looks like an instagram version of skyrim haha . 
  not that good . 
  the middle one is me when i 'm in the gym . 
  i do n't think this is necessarily bullshit . 
  he could 've come up with this opinion ( what blackpeopletwitter sounds like ) months ago , but never told anyone . 
  and this post seemed like a good opportunity to post it , so he posted it . 
  that name reminds me of the lady who serves beer at the hofbr\u00e4uhaus . 
  the front end is the best looking out of all civics from around the world . 
  hey man , be a bit nicer . 
  this is a sub for car lovers and i 'm sure there are some 147 owners here who love their babies . 
  you do n't want your car to be insulted like this either . 
  alfa 147 's are owned by a lot of people . 
  bmw 5 series gt if i recognized it correctly . 
  upvote for the video being from austria . 
  we need more austrian dashcam clips even though they 're actually illegal . 
  apparently the driver of the opposing car was n't looking for a long time either . 
  i 'm not your servant , look for yourself . 
  it 's a normal car so it 's only logical there are people who own it . 
  how old are you ? 
  i wonder why the japanese government uses vehicles that are 15 + years old ? 
  at least that 's what these two sedans with the orange indicator lights look like . 
  incredible . 
  a good example of different regions and different markets . 
  a car largely unchanged since 1997 would never be offered by a manufacturer in europe . 
  bmw 3 series is like the ugly cousin nobody wants to dance with compared to this baby . 
  the porsche sold today looks like a modern day car , the toyota looks like an 80 's to 90 's car . 
  no you 're right , the 3 series is obviously a very desirable car for many , and probably rightly so . 
  it 's very dynamic and has rwd . 
  i just saw this maxima for the first time , and the design is really aggressive and something far from `` plain '' . 
  so i think it definitely looks sharper than the 3 series . 
  interesting interior trim . 
  french people are always so overly patriotic . 
  from another post in this thread , new york city 's west side highway during the time : https://c3.staticflickr.com/3/2679/4083900643_efd786025d_b.jpg, 
  iirc , there is no known correlation to height and penis size , if that 's what you meant . 
  there are boys who like to play a game where you nurse babies ? 
  i think wahlberg is shorter than that . 
  failblog ... so many years have passed . 
  that 's an 8th gen !, 
  i should know because i own one . 
  it looks and feels even better when you 're actually sitting inside . 
  pictures can only tell half the story . 
  what a waste of money . 
  job options are one purpose of education , the other purpose is actually getting smarter/wiser/more knowledge about a certain field . 
  if i had the chances of low employment possibility without a degree and low employment possibility with a degree , i 'd choose the latter . 
  i would say harassing a public , prominent person like the firefox ceo is a thing so common it 's a total different subject than harassing a lesser known person . 
  wear a fedora . 
  my fat friend has seen reddit for the first tine and instantly had enough of it . 
  pretty unusual for him . 
  the `` reduced '' price is still more than i paid for the xbox 360 version of gta 5 . 
  two . 
  years . 
  ago . 
  and they say pc gaming is cheaper !, 
  it was 53 $ in a store chain near to me for the 360 . 
  two years ago . 
  `` brand new '', 
  it reminds me of that one episode in band of brothers , winters tells of how beautiful the whole troop found germany , and then he says `` and then we saw austria '' . 
  yeah , but it is n't exactly a new game honestly . 
  personally , i do n't find a game that was released in 2013 a new game . 
  it has been improved for pc , but the core game & core structure remains the same . 
  i agree , it 's a phrase so overused it 's extremely painful to see . 
  it hate it as much as threads beginning with '' ___ of reddit '' . 
  like `` women of reddit , what are your worst period experiences '' or something similar . 
  thinking of mexico , the video of those two drugged guys being executed by chainsaws by a drug cartel comes to mind . 
  well , if you 're an owner of one of those real dolls , you probably are n't rejected from schools and jobs . 
  you probably have a well-paying job . 
  social awkwardness is n't limited to losers who ca n't find jobs . 
  yeah , that gets on my nerves a bit too , it 's a common thing here on reddit . 
  especially the `` we write the rules '' made me chuckle a bit . 
  yup , i 've seen germany military units a couple of times and never seen anything like this in real use . 
  neutrality wo n't protect switzerland from nuclear fallout either . 
  but their beautiful landscape will turn to shit just like the rest of europe . 
  collapsing economy , radiation sickness , and so on . 
  `` manlet '' what a horrible and degrading term in my opinion .
