  i thought 9/11 was a 10-month campaign by the al qaeda army raiding new york . 
  a lot more americans die by shootings than died due 9/11 . 
  what does gg mean ? 
  `` as a 4chan red pill libertarian incel , the whole complex of world politics can be encompassed by this badly drawn frog . '', 
  the trick is to not stoop to the same level as some radical preachers as a western educated citizen . 
  not saying `` hordes of subhuman scum are invading europe and infesting it with rape , murder and crime '' or similar statements , because it 's oversimplifying the issue and is degrading a lot of innocent humans . 
  jesus , / r/fordwardsfromhitler could be renamed `` forwards from hitler and often posts from hitler in the comment section '' . 
  ok people , you can stop responding now . 
  i 'm talking solely about shooting deaths , suicides excluded . 
  because i think the grieving ones do n't care if their beloved friend/family member died in a shooting or mass shooting . 
  `` wow !, 
  see you on thanksgiving '', 
  - dad, 
  how often do you buy a laptop ? 
  it 's not like such a purchase is n't worth the travel to a store on its own . 
  that teacher should be reported to the school board for manipulating his pupils with heavy political bias . 
  did he seriously say that ? 
  fucking horrible . 
  not all non-mass shootings are `` poverty-driven '' , and all of them mean grieving loved ones because of deaths that could 've been avoided . 
  a lot more americans die of gun-related shootings than died of 9/11 , a fact which remains , [ over 1000 people in the last 1200 days alone due to mass shooting incidents \\ ( 4 injured by a shoooter or more \\ ) . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/ng-interactive/2015/oct/02/mass-shootings-america-gun-violence ), 
  we obviously have different philosophies . 
  in europe , we have stricter gun control in every single country , and it works very well . 
  even the most crime-ridden country there has murder rates a lot lower than the us . 
  that people in the us still cling to their killing devices strongly seems alien to a lot of us , but i realize that with the us 's history and its development from a colony to an independent nation , guns play a big and essential role which is of course ingrained into the culture , people 's minds and ideals and the national identity . 
  i still think stricter gun legislation could bring a lot of benefits and avoid a lot of meaningless deaths , save a lot of lives that could 've potentially done great tings to humanity . 
  obviously many americans disagree , but there 's also some of them , even smart ones , who would agree with me . 
  obama is one for example . 
  and according to this philosophy , more gun regulation would n't be punishing gun owners , or banning guns entirely , it would be more like training people against drowning , creating effective vaccines against insect stings , going by your examples . 
  what is `` the average european '' ? 
  does it include eastern europe , a region full of poverty that is just slowly lifting itself out of the transition from soviet times ? 
  not to mention that large parts of europe were in ruins 70 years ago ? 
  i still do n't believe the average european is poorer than american minimum wage workers . 
  and there 's a lot more benefits in scandinavian countries than just health care and education ( which both is fine in quality ) . 
  the expensive pizza in norway is not money you give away to rich people , it 's money going straight into the redistributive system with benefits you can enjoy too . 
  as if the us does not have problems with [ their health care having quantity problems ] ( https://www.google.at/search?site=&amp;source=hp&amp;q=us+overcrowded+emergency+rooms&amp;oq=us+overcrowded+emergency+rooms&amp;gs_l=hp.3...543.543.0.747.2.2.0.0.0.0.0.0..0.0....0...1c.1.64.hp..2.0.0.0.ey3dprg-o8o ) . 
  i 'm no expert on the subject , but i 'm sure some users here with more knowledge on health care can enlighten us that the northern european ones are far from horrible . 
  at least in austria , health care is not officially part of taxes , it 's part of the social security system to which both the employee and the employer chip in . 
  i 'm not sure if these situations can even be calculated as `` pre tax income '' by statistics . 
  the source you listed is obviously a us-simpering libertarian think thank . 
  european as well as the american health care systems have problems . 
  not just in the e.r. 
  as a different poster pointed out , ten thousands of people die in america yearly because they ca n't afford the treatment . 
  others go completely bankrupt or lose their entire life savings because of illnesses they have no fault for having . 
  i do n't really see what your point is . 
  that the us is just the better country and all others suck in comparison ? 
  should we all break out in tears and feel bad now , and start to pray to the mighty bald-headed eagle , and never criticise anything bad coming out of america again ? 
  should the entirety of europe now seek asylum in great murica because we could make more money over there ? 
  or should we keep trying to make the best out of things and keep voting for the ideologies we believe in , which in most of europe , are just not libertarian or republican ? 
  even if many middle-class americans make a little more money than middle-class europeans , that does n't mean both places are without fault or issues that can be rightfully criticized , or even mocked , such as the case of a school kid getting detention for hugging a friend in prudish ` murica . 
   spend years establishing yourself as gruff and/or mildly unpleasant so you rarely get invited to things, 
  depends how long you sleep . 
  i mean , you will rarely get invited to things happening a 1 p.m. 
  eeh , if you 're talking about norbert hofer , he 's nowhere near as bad as trump . 
  if a political candidate would propose to ban all muslims from entering the country in austria , he would immediately be shot down in a huge public outburst , not lead an extremely successful campaign for over a year . 
  i agree . 
  most of the men in these places have asperger syndrome or depressions , or have other mental issues . 
  not really representative of the general male population tbh . 
  you should know that the internet is full of trolling and other experiments of people who know they can say all kinds of crazy and offensive stuff and gleefully wait for people 's reactions without having to fear any repercussions . 
  that is a consequence of beuing able to appear anonymous on the web , i 've done it myself from time to time . 
  the case you mentioned , short or bald men being called subhuman or disgusting , is one such example of luring people into getting mad . 
  it does n't mean that the people writing it actually mean it , nor does it mean the majority of people mean it . 
  i 'm sure most women would harshly disagree with that statement , as of course many women have fathers , brothers , friends , partners and sons whom they love . 
   the vast majority of men who hit on me are substantially less attractive than the men i dated and eventually married . 
  perhaps they believe they still deserve a shot because they are overall good men who have a lot to offer to a woman . 
  no offense but you come off as a little arrogant . 
  the examples op mentioned are n't simply honest opinions that women are allowed to have , they are pretty severe , misanthropic and hateful statements that deserve to be criticized . 
  if that 's really what you think is reality , why are you still interested in women ( assuming you are ) ? 
  do you just want to get your dick wet or are you interested in finding a worthy partner ? 
  because if all women were like you are describing them , i would gladly say `` well , i can live my life without them '' . 
  i would definitely not be interested in having a girlfriend who views unattractive people as less than human beings . 
  which the less attractive men who approach you do n't know of course . 
  and most of them probably do n't have a choice but approach women if they wan na get into a relationship . 
  do n't hate them for the situation they 're in and for trying to achieve their goals . 
  that 's like saying `` we need to accept that some people think `` the jews ruin the world with all their greed and conspiring against thoroughly honest people , so we should all put them in camps and exterminate them '' because it 's an opinion people truly have , worthy of expression and widespread understanding . '', 
  some opinions are just straight out wrong to the moral standard most of us have and should be criticized , examined and questioned . 
  not bullied into silence , but also not accepted by saying `` if that 's your opinion it 's all jolly fine '' . 
  i for one do n't believe that this is the true nature of women . 
  how is `` ugly men are subhumans '' the `` truth '' ? 
  wow . 
  yes , i know the movie paul . 
  but the film i saw was a different one , it was a lot older . 
  possibly . 
  i will look into that one . 
  that 's the one !, 
  thank you for solving !, 
  completely disagree , when i see a woman i 'm interested in , her personality plays a huge role in whether i find her attractive . 
  not everybody hates you for being a virgin . 
  perhaps you can help him by introducing him to a nice , awkward , picky short woman . 
  depends on who you ask i guess . 
  i know most people in my surrounding would not like the first kind of person you described . 
   how can these guys be so inhumane . 
  you do n't understand - socialism leads to poverty and misery for everyone . 
  so by embracing capitalism and the `` fuck you , got minde '' attitude , they are actually doing god 's humane work !, 
  i doubt any feminist would ever use the term `` lower tier men '' , also because they do n't believe in the alpha-beta concept . 
  i wonder if there 's any source for this claim . 
  as a guy , i imagine if i were a girl this is the kind of man i would swoon for . 
  rather small , rather thin and a cute face . 
  perfect !, 
  most relationships emerge through social referrals by friends .
