  one way to burn 100k in 10 seconds . 
  in all seriousness , what would a libertarian 's answer to this situation be ? 
  it does n't matter , if we destroy and pollute the planet with needless production , the market will adapt and produce stuff in a more eco-friendly manner ? 
  pretty shocked at the profanity and rough language there . 
  are n't the police supposed to serve citizens like him . 
  many moderators , endorsed contributors and authors of the red pill are misogynists , and will even admit it . 
  misogyny is constantly present both in trp 's top posts as well as in comments . 
  it might not be part of the theory , but it 's correlated extremely strongly . 
  and it might be a bad sign that misogyny is a `` take-away '' from the information provided , why does the information provided lead its readers to dislike women , but not men ? 
  are men really objectively that much better ? 
  now what is part of the theory is the concepts i listed ( 80/20 , hypergamy , afbb and such ) . 
  if a person strongly disagrees with these concepts , he can hardly be a red piller . 
  hitler was a known animal lover and enacted some of the first animal protection laws in history . 
  oh , you like animals ? 
  sorry to break it to you , but you 're pretty national socialist . 
  did you not hear the part about him murdering innocent people ? 
  no matter how poor you 're off , it does n't give you the right to take the life of someone who 's done nothing to harm you . 
  he 's an asshole for doing that , no excuse . 
  okay dude , i 'm sure you 're a shining example of humanity . 
   your question and indignance suggests you 're operating from a premise that women are angels , therefore , a set of information that forms negative opinions of women must be wrong . 
  i 'm operating from the premise that both genders are no angels , and that creating an ideology that focuses almost exclusively on shitting on women and explaining how they suck so much , while completely ignoring how men suck and even praising them for being the superior gender , is a pretty shit thing to do and will create a pretty shitty ideology that is rightfully hated by most people on the internet . 
   you 're confusing redpiller with redpill . 
  who cares if he 's morally against redpill as written if he behaves in accordance with redpill ? 
  the entire premise of redpill 's beliefs on women is that they 'll deny the rp and then go perform redpill on a daily basis . 
  what someone says is of little value . 
  only pay attention to what someone does , and if some guy says he thinks redpillers are losers and he l0o0o0oves women , but then proceeds to push/pull , dhv , and dreadgame all the girls he knows , of what value is his words ? 
  red pill is based on these theoretical premises about how the world works . 
  it 's part of trp 's core , just like workers seizing the means of production is a core part of communism . 
  dread game , holding frame , etc. 
  are exaggerated video game words on things that have been around long before trp , and things that are commong knowledge for social interactions between humans in general . 
  being a person with good social skills who successfully gets what he wants in social interactions does n't make you a red piller . 
   this analogy fails on many levels . 
  firstly because liking animals has nothing intrinsically to do with national socialism , and second , because liking animals is 1 trait of dozens and dozens that any person can have . 
  not quite . 
  animal proection was an intrinsic element of many anti-semitic movements before national socialism , so one could argue it 's part of the nazi 's antisemitc theories . 
  of course it does n't make you a nazi because being a nazi rests on many other premises , just like being a confident man with a successful relationship does n't make you a red piller . 
  you do realize not all men required physical strength to fulfill their traditional masculine roles , right ? 
  weak ass jawline tho . 
   you do realize not all men required ** physical ** strength to fulfill their traditional masculine roles , right ? 
  i mean it 's a very abbreviated view of the world to say that `` women , unlike men , who have their physical power , do have to use manipulation to be successful in life because they lack physical power '' . 
  many men do n't use their physical power to advance their goals to begin with , and this was also true in the past . 
  even many medieval crafts a man could have required skill and intelligence as opposed to raw power . 
  thus , a woman who is n't strong but still successful does not equal a manipulative person . 
  i did n't argue against the point that strength is needed for a successful life . 
  it 's pretty typical red pill theory . 
  this is the worst though :, 
   they see women as equals who want to be politicians , doctors , ceos and scientists . 
  in reality only a fraction of women truly want to do that sort of work , there is no glass ceiling , just women who are not attractive enough to secure an alpha male so she is forced to act like a man herself . 
  it 's the idea that nothing that contradicts the `` women are children '' paradigma can ever truly exist . 
  if women are interested in being leaders , having good careers , being ceos , it 's only because they have n't met the right alpha to put them in their place , the place below men . 
  it 's completely unfalsifiable . 
  i do n't really feel the need to responde to all of that , i 've made my point . 
  just wanting to point out that hypergamy and dread game are not part of common knowledge , these are n't even based on theories that are accepted in science or in common sense ( hpyergamy ) . 
  what i meant with common knowledge is working on yourself , not being needy , building confidence , learning social skills , even pickup skills , if you like . 
  these self-improvement aspects are not the problem that i , and many others , have with trp . 
  the problem i have is the underlying theories as well as the dogmatic claims that say this is how the world works and nothing else can exist . 
  ( for example : men should be dominant and women should be submissive , if you are not like this , you will end up unhappy . ), 
  what 's the problem with a male space not demanding equality and criticizing mainly one gender ? 
  that 's for yourself to decide . 
  me personally i do n't want any part of it . 
  i always saw women as individual people to judge individually , that 's how i was brought up . 
  do you wan na tell your children the story of your life one day , and could you confidently tell them : `` well kids , i was wandering around pretty aimless until i found a place where they taught me self-improvement and how women are the most responsible teenagers in the house , and only want to have sex with the top 20 % of men . 
  that 's okay though , men talk like this among themselves and it 's fine . '', 
  i do n't want to , whch is why i do n't associate with it . 
  i do n't even know what `` decidedly female argumentation tactics '' are , and it sounds like another sexist trp hamster . 
  in any case , i 'm a man and pretty sure that i 've been through some tough shit in my life already . 
   nowhere does trp say this . 
  trp speaks in generalities . 
  `` you are less likely to be successful '' is not the same thing as `` you will not be successful '' . 
  well , they do say treat women as children . 
  they do say women are children . 
  oh wait , they did n't mean that , the author of that statement admitted it was only make men feel more comfortable around women . 
  they say awalt . 
  or they do n't . 
  they are actually not in agreement whether awalt is to be taken literally or not . 
  you also get stuff [ like this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/theredpill/comments/1lqh2s/dont_shoot_yourself_in_the_foot_by_taking_women/ ) . 
  which basically tells people to not take women seriously and be `` the boss '' , because otherwise it 's a `` surefire way to at least make her unhappy or getting cuckolded . '', 
  so in summary , the statement that trp does never say `` dominant man and submissive woman is the only relationship model that will lead to happiness '' is not quite correct . 
  it also is questionable since not every man wants to take such a role in a relationship , even if his partner would like it . 
   this entire paragraph is substance ` less virtue signal . 
  if something is true , it 's true . 
  if it 's false , it 's false . 
  what any person is going to tell their children is completely irrelevant to the topic of whether or not trp 's depiction of gender relationships is more correct than not . 
  well , sort of . 
  some virtues are important to me and i will try to adhere to them no matter if an ideology could `` work '' or not . 
  virtues are part of traditional masculinity , taken from the book `` 7 habits of highly effective people '' :, 
   things like integrity , humility , fidelity , temperance , courage , justice , patience , industry , simplicity , modesty , and the golden rule, 
  are things i want my moral compass to include . 
  being part of a community that openly and proudly slanders one half of the entire human race is against my values . 
  you still have n't answered my question . 
  could you openly show your children - son or daughter - trp as the source of guidance you once followed ? 
  and apart from the moral aspect , i also do n't believe that women are worse than men is objectively true . 
  why ? 
  you get used to the feeling after a while . 
  it can also be seen as inspiring that this statue was used by faithful people for hope and enlightenment for centuries . 
  you must work a lot !, 
  my current desktop pc keyboard is 12 years old and the print is still visible on every key . 
  the black car it crashed into was a newer saab , i think ? 
  probably one of the safest cars on the road , being swedish . 
  saabs were still around in 2010 , which is fairly recent .
