  which video game developer are you with ? 
  also known as af/bb . 
  women do have privilege on some occasions . 
  they get gender points in norwegian universities for being female . 
  in my country , they got extra points for being female in the medical studies admission test for some years , because there was not a 50/50 distribution of genders in that field . 
  what do you call that if not privilege ? 
  the top 20 % of men , according to trp . 
   the problems really are n't so different . 
  they 're results from the same issue : pushy , creepy dudes . 
  are there no societal problems caused by `` bad '' women on the other hand ? 
  please explain to me how these specific situations are not a privilege for an individual person receiving these benefits . 
  lol ok , guess i have found some of the craziest bpers after years of debating with some real trp loonies . 
  kids , there 's three ways to do things : the right way , the wrong way and the max power way . 
  bay is true ending . 
  but narcissists are not always socially dominant , are they ? 
  a person can be a narcissist and still be completely unable to be the leader of a group , or even to get people onto his side . 
  leaders are well-liked people who manage to make their followers feel good . 
  what about a completely assholeish douchebag who loves himself but everyone else dislikes him ? 
  narcissicm was n't the only reason trump got elected . 
  and that does n't really prove anything , there 's probably more narcissists by a factor of ten who do n't become leaders for all we know . 
  that 's what i was trying to say - being a narcissist does n't mean you are also a good leader or socially dominant . 
  a social outcast can be a narcissist . 
  i disagree that narcissists make better letters and i want to add that most people are statistically unlikely to be completely incel . 
  that would not be a problem ( for me ) , if trp was just like that : do this and this ( it 's alpha and attractive ) and you will have more success with women . 
  but as we all know , it 's much more than that . 
  so many terpers and even recognized ones , insist that alpas and betas are groups of people and women are only really attracted to a comparably tiny part of men who fulfill the long list of being alpha . 
  80 % of men are not attractive and if you are not stoic and dominant and lift , you are a beta chump and will get cucked . 
  it 's all the biotruths and the awalt shit that make the sphere as toxic as it is and this is also the point where science disagrees . 
  so sad . 
  the `` good '' thing is that average height will very likely stall , or has already stopped increasing in many western countries . 
  in the us , average height has largely plateaued at a little over 5 ' 9 '' since 30 years or so . 
  in the netherlands and denmark , it has stopped increasing at a little over 5 ' 11 '' since the early 1990s . 
  there 's very reasonable indication that the genetic disposition sets a maximum of height that humans on average can reach . 
  a growing migrant population also stops height from increasing . 
  so a woman can never find intelligence attractive on its own accord ? 
  so if you 're a self-proclaimed winner of the genetic lottery , how can you know that men who are not `` high value '' struggle so much ? 
  you can not see into all of those men 's lives , and you have n't experienced being low-value yourself . 
  you can not accurately judge whether these men are ignored by all women . 
  so i guess the people 's democratic republic of korea is democratic then . 
  it 's in the name after all . 
  the pointless skateboarding bart in the upper right corner annoys me . 
  are you saying travelling becomes impossible once you work full-time ? 
  because where i live , it 's pretty much the norm for full-time employees to make holidays and travel . 
  it 's called vacation days . 
  the statement that women are incapable of being loyal is very extreme and would be considered misogynist by most reasonable people out there , and ( in my opinion ) rightly so . 
  how can you say this if we consider all the women that stay loyal to their partners , even in sickness and death ? 
  women are more likely to stay with terminally ill partners than men are . 
  what about all the women who served in the armed forces , and were killed in service ? 
  were they incapable of loyalty ? 
  yes , exactly . 
  i wish i could upvote this more than once . 
  what about `` shortish-average , thin and good looking '' ? 
  i do n't know , that 's a pretty ugly woman . 
  short guys can be `` big , strong guys '' . 
  that 's not really a practical deficit . 
  lifetime alimony only exists in a couple of states iirc . 
   i 'm sure there 's a very nice plump woman with 3 kids who would be very excited at the prospect of a relationship with you ... of course you believe yourself to be too good for her , and are humiliated at the prospect of helping to raise another mans children ... again you 're cutting yourself off at the knees with this kind of thinking, 
  because it 's not a sign of a functioning , healthy society that a healthy , normal , capable young man can only hope to have luck with a woman if she 's a divorced mother of three kids . 
  a healthy , single young man in an ideal society should be capable of finding a healthy , single young woman willing to spend a part of her life with him . 
  you do n't have to believe you are `` too good for her '' for you not to want to date a divorced mother with three children . 
  having three kids around you is simply a lot of baggage and a healthy young guy should not have to deal with that only to find a girlfriend . 
  not that there 's anything wrong step families , but they can require a lot of time and effort . 
  what did sunderland do to deserve such a punishment ? 
  doctors are ridiculously overpaid in the us , but not everyone is made to be a doctor . 
  to act like everyone who is in college has the easy choice `` grad school or medical school '' is overlooking that not everyone is skilled enough to go to medcial school , or let alone be happy with that job . 
  and to make 41k like the guy above is definitely more than `` just above poverty '' as that is above average even in the us if i 'm not mistaken . 
  a salary of # 30000 in the uk is probably well above average too , since they have lower wages ( but more benefits ) . 
  and to be honest , if you look at the us , you can only come to the conclusion that this country needs social workers . 
  what 's your job ? 
   they fall down on just about every aspect that makes a civilised society . 
   homicide rates , poverty , rape rates , sexual assault , gun crime , violent crime , justice system . 
  but that 's just because of ~ ~ black people ~ ~ poor urban settlers raising the crime rate . 
  to be honest , europe is n't that great either . 
  as i 've come to realize in the last few years , i also value job safety and a certain salary , which is why i 'm gon na pursue a different , more `` valuable '' master 's degree after finishing my ba in political science , which should be pretty soon . 
  that being said , this is truly each person 's own responsibility and decision . 
  50 years ago , most people did n't have the choices that many have today to pick their own academic field and progress in that field , provided their finances allow it . 
  if they want to follow that path , they can do so , and it 's very possible they might end up in a career that suits them well . 
  on the other hand , one could also pick a career which has safety and pays well , but leaves them with the creeping doubt `` what if i had gone for the outher route instead ? '', 
  in their mind . 
  some people just seem to have very systematizing brains and can grasp the world better when it 's formulated in numbers and formulas . 
  probably the same reason why so many posters from the red side use numbers by 1 to 10 to rate women 's appearances , why they divide men into alpha and beta and relationships into the categories bucks and fucks . 
  a world without these easy categories would be too complicated and scary , and if you can approach it like a role playing game , it becomes so familiar and simple . 
   smv of 47 year old woman is zero . 
  and the guy who said is is fifty-eight according to his own posts . 
  there is hardly any instance of self-depreciating humor in trp though , which is very telling of inner insecurities . 
  really confident and successful men do n't mind to make jokes on their own account in a healthy dose . 
  never seen that on trp . 
  it honestly is n't impossible to use a clever dose of self-humor even if you are not the most popular guy in a social group . 
  i like to experiment with a mix of self-depreciation and dry humor , by letting some bad stuff loose about myself , but at the same time trying not to look desperate while doing it , and it 's doing okay for me . 
  more importantly , i enjoy trying it out with new people , and it has n't backfired in a long time . 
  i like how you somehow made this all about height when the original thread was about using self-humour in a social setting . 
  but the reality is that the 5 ' 2 '' guy will also not be well-advised to pick on the super stoic , masculine alpha male tough guy route . 
  he 'd be better off acting a natural , down-to-earth guy who also is not a doormat . 
  one who 's not afraid to make a joke about himself . 
  i also disagree that humorous guys can not be sexually attractive . 
  humour can be a way of leading a conversation , being `` dominant '' if you like - you make the jokes and others laugh about it . 
  what is `` cucking yourself '' ? 
  i totally do n't find that answer ridiculous . 
  i 'm interested in upgrading my 28.8 kilobaud internet connection to a 1.5 megabit fiber optic t1 line . 
  will you be able to provide an ip router that 's compatible with my token ring/ethernet lan configuration ?
