  i saved up for over a year to buy myself a car , and my dad does n't support the idea , he does n't even want to help me by paying some of the insurance and taxes . 
  screw him ... 
  yeah i agree , some of the comments ( `` he 's a lucky man '' ) are cringey , but the picture itself is not . 
  yup , i definitely sort in in category 2 . 
  i can honestly say i 've never experienced a thing called heightism in my life , and had i not read this subreddit i would n't even know it exists . 
  but i do n't like my body the way it is , when i see a photo of myself together with other ( taller ) people it makes me think `` what did i do wrong ? 
  what has happened ? 
  how do i deserve this ? '', 
  i feel as if this fate was not meant for me and that i was destined to be something different . 
  i have so many other things in my life that are holding me back , and now i 'm also short . 
  it 's like fate said `` we give you this , this , this and this negative trait ... and you 're also short '' , like adding cherry on the negatives cake . 
  i could work on all these other negative things , but the last thing just kills my motivation . 
  i respect short people just like anyone else , but i do n't want to be one of them . 
  it makes me sick and it 's destroying my life . 
  a weak 5 ' 8 as i like to say . 
  hey , it 's a totally subjective thing for everyone . 
  a 5 ' 5 '' person may be the happiest person in the world , and a 5 ' 8 '' guy may desperately wish he was taller . 
  everyone 's situation is different . 
  `` who needs airbags ? 
  i want to play on a 10 year old console while riding in my buddy 's car '', 
  i 've always been puzzled a bit when people say things like `` 5 ' 9 should be the limit to shortness in northern and central europe '' , now i do n't know about scandinavia or germany , but i live in austria , which is central europe and considered to be populated by german-ish people and said to be quite tall . 
  and i do n't feel very short at all here , just a tad below average to my impression , and even among the young people i see quite some of them who are as tall or even shorter tham me . 
  you can clearly see the central european heritage with most of them having light or fair hair and skin , and only few black hair or darker skin , but they are n't that tall . 
  also , did you ever consider that out of those men who are childless by 45 , some of them are by their own choice ? 
  the suicide rates do n't strike me as particularly high , sweden is on place 30 and norway on 39 , only finland is pretty high on place 15 . 
  are you a native scandinavian , or do you come from immigrants living there ? 
  how tall are your parents ? 
  yes , at the current moment , the only way i can imagine myself being truly happy is after i get this surgery done . 
  my dream height is 176 cm ( 5 ' 9 and a bit ) which in my opinion is a great height to be alive . 
  i know that i have a long way to go mentally , but for now this surgery really serves as an `` emergency anchor '' in my dark times . 
  currently i think the best way would be to do it with external fixators , which means that you will have frames on outside of your legs for maybe half a year or even longer , but it can get very cheap , sometimes only 6000 dollars for the surgery . 
  100k and more is the price for the top doctors ( which are in the us , france and germany ) . 
  there are cheaper doctors ( which does n't mean they are bad ) and cheaper methods , which only cost about 10k . 
  the recovery time is some years , but you can walk and do daily activities long before that , and yes , 10cm is in most cases not advisable . 
  the `` safe limit '' for most people is 5-6 centimetres . 
  the guy in the video was able to do 4 inches for a number of reasons , one being that asians naturally have longer torsos and shorter limbs , which means he could lengthen his legs more than usual . 
  about 171-172 cm , which means that 5 cm would put me right towards 176-177 . 
  i live in austria . 
  i agree the height is not so bad , as i 'm not super short compared to the people around me , but it 's more of a mental thing . 
  i want to be taller because i like myself better this way , not because others will like/respect me more . 
  i feel i will never be able to truly love myself at this height . 
  what is your height ? 
  listen man , i 'm older than you , so think for some time if your opinion is inevitably the only right opinion . 
  it 's my body and i 'm free to change it the way i want , i do n't have to accept it the way it is . 
  the advice you give ( getting to whatever lbs and whatever body fat percentage ) is no different , to change your body the way you like it , only with different methods . 
  it is very possible to be happy with the height someone gains after leg lengthening surgery , as i have read from people who did the surgery and said it was a good choice . 
  thanks . 
  i wish you the best , too . 
  he would still beat her if she would attack him in a dark alley . 
  there 's someone who wrote `` it is good that this woman is dead '' . 
  others respond and criticize the comment , because it makes trp look bad . 
  not because it is a horrible , inhumane thing to say . 
  he does n't necessarily has to have them . 
  a short person cal still carry `` tall genes '' in him , and his offspring can get them . 
  what exactly have we been lied to about the relationship between body and food ? 
  only because some women would n't want to date you , it does n't mean that `` pretty much everybody frowns at you '' . 
  there is a lot more in social interactions than dating . 
  and why is that the fault of feminism ? 
  there are still many women below the women 's average height , which means even a 5 ' 5 '' man has many potential partners who are shorter than him . 
  i agree 96 % is a high number ( although i do n't believe it 's perfectly accurate ) but if you 'd ask all men if they would consider dating a woman who is heavier than them , most of them would probably also say no . 
  summed up : yeah , it can be hard for very short guys , but also for fat women . 
  when i said `` many '' , i meant not in relation to all women , but as a total number . 
  you say 30 % of all women , that is how much ? 
  hundreds of thousands of women ? 
  that 's more than a person can have as partners in his entire life . 
  so even a 5 ' 2 '' man still has options . 
  less , i agree , but so does a fat - or otherwise unattractive - woman . 
   i 'm not so sure if `` most '' (  50 % ) would say `` no '' . 
  it would surely be way south of 96 % though . 
  right , but that is still just an assumption . 
  i know it 's hard , and i know reading all these percentage numbers and this subreddit for some time can get you really down ( that 's what happened to me ) , but you got ta focus on the positive aspects ( i know , it sounds cheesy ) and the fact that there are psychopaths , drug addicts and the biggest losers out there who successfully get women , so it 's definitely not impossible for you - no matter what some study says . 
  i hate the sea and everything in it !, 
  damn it , i wanted to say that . 
  i bet he wishes that would 've happened a bit later so the cameras did n't catch it . 
  dads all have that special time of the month . 
  i do n't know what you consider a short husband , but kevin james from king of queens is only 5 ' 8 '' . 
  people who do n't know that they can watch and download these films for free on the web . 
  if at least it would be for a better film , like the mummy . 
  which person that wants to watch fast & furious has no internet ? 
  well , 3 of the 4 male protagonists of the big bang theory are short , and they all have girlfriends in the later seasons . 
  i 'd say that definitely counts . 
  doctor : `` i 'm gon na be honest , it does n't look good . '', 
  patient : `` tell me doctor , how long do i have left ? '', 
  doctor : `` 9 . '', 
  patient : `` 9 years ? '', 
  doctor : `` 8 , 7 , 6 , ... '', 
  oh wow ... this dude sounds like he has some really bad , unresolved issues . 
  also , a woman who 's been treated poorly and is responding to a guy who says `` you must love pain '' is just asking for future trouble . 
  i guess taking on loans is part of the american way of life , but ... if i were you , i would 've bought a 330ci coupe instead of the m3 . 
  i do n't know how much they cost in the states , but here they go away for 6,000 euros - about 8,000 usd , with low mileage . 
  and 330 's have plenty of power . 
  buy used . 
  my car is used and it 's been extremely reliable since i 've owned it . 
  and it does n't have to cost 20,500 as this guy 's m3 did . 
  by saving up for it ? 
  i mean , if you have a job and are able to finance your living , it should be possible to scratch together 5 thousand dollars in some time . 
  i estimate most young people will be able to get a cheap banger , often with the help of their parents , until they can buy a reliable used car , or use public transportation . 
  most of my former school mates today are able to drive , either with their own first , cheap car or their parents car , so i think unless you 're from a really poor family , it should n't be a problem . 
  no disrespect here - if someone ca n't bring up 5k without a credit , it 's fine and good . 
  but i estimate that many young , employed people can , if necessary with the help of parents .
