  i wonder what 's the cause . 
  historical context ? 
  ooh ... i knew these countries were part of austria-hungary , but i did n't know they belonged to hungary specifically . 
  i 'm responding very late , but i agree with you . 
  these people are assholes . 
  i found that pretty damn awesome . 
  got ta give you an upvote simply because it 's a mitsu ... and a good looking one too . 
  then you were like that british officer from the monty python sketch . 
  how did you do the threesome ? 
  what sexlab mod did you use for it ? 
  come on , he 's a doctor , he 'll probably buy himself an r8 somewhere in the future . 
  the bmw has frameless windows , which will freeze in winter . 
  it 's pretty annoying . 
  how could he even know that he was number 1 in class when the grades are private ? 
  if he did n't know the other people 's grades . 
  hehehehe ... 
  wow , could you explain what you were doing there ? 
  rather strange to me as a diesel driver haha . 
  i 'm hoping to see some promo pics with christoph waltz soon . 
  sia is an example of current music that is really good . 
  feeling each others dicks is part of their job , touching hands is a sign of intimacy they 're likely not used to do with strangers . 
  the same reason why porn actors are averse to kissing each other , but are totally fine having sex with each other . 
  wow , amazing pictures . 
  congrats to your opel !, 
  it 's very ironic . 
  they hate on women all the time , but at they same time center their whole life around women . 
  this . 
  privately . 
  not . 
  i think i get that joke . 
  because google + is unpopular . 
  right ? 
  i think it 's probably the same size as your saab . 
  i enjoyed this video . 
  show how far vw group has made it in terms of quality , being compared to the same heights as bmw and such by costumers . 
  and i personally love skoda 's . 
  i really do n't see why a passat would be boring while a freakin ' vw brand audi a4 would n't be . 
  not sure what you meant with ` last gen passat ' , but the last - newest - generation is based on a new platform , the same platform as the audi tt . 
  either way , even for the b6 i fail to see why it would be more boring than the spectacular supercar audi a4 , both got fwd and there are powerful passats too with awd and over 300 hp . 
  tips fedora, 
  hey man , why did you let your wife drive a car that 's damaged ? 
  when will george w. get freedom to the head for his war crimes ? 
  i think it 's called '' japanrot '' ( japan red ) . 
  not 100 % sure though . 
  i have a 2003 european spec mitsubishi and one of my best friends is 6 ' 7 . 
  he fits just fine in the front seat . 
  only his knees are right infront of the airbag cover . 
  so i do n't want to know what would happen in a crash . 
  those lips look so soft ... 
  this car looks very much like an evo x. 
  i also had it and i was also pretending to drive around , but not `` like a boss '' whatever that even means . 
  exactly . 
  i 'm thankful to the us soldiers who were actually fighting in wwii , i 'm thankful to fdr and churchill and the western allies and even the soviet union for fighting against nazi germany . 
  that does n't mean i have to be thankful to america 's government today , because they 're totally different people . 
  not only every university class , basically in any educated audience . 
  i agree . 
  germany invaded poland knowing that this would mean war with uk and france , as those countries were guaranteeing poland 's independence . 
  germany started the war , and no one else . 
  but i agree with you , uk and the ussr had different conditions . 
  no , he 's a history major . 
  it 's not like police in america would act different if you called them a cunt , even if it 's not illegal on paper . 
  they would find a reason to taser you and beat you up . 
  civil forfeiture laws in america are just as abusable . 
  in germany we say `` kehr vor deiner eigenen t\u00fcr '' ( `` put your own house in order first '' ) . 
  but i thought freedom of speech is a great ` murican value ? 
  i believe most cops would find a reason . 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  do n't swear at cops . 
  father was of polish , mother was of chinese . 
  it 's their fault for holding a wedding in a terrorist region . 
  / republicans, 
  in some cases , such as in chile , the violence happened just because of american interventions . 
  just look at the horrible things pinochet did . 
  because of them eyes . 
  gorgeous . 
  i totally agree with you . 
  i sometimes get a bit emotional when i see things like this , americans complaining about police violence in germany . 
  i will try to change that . 
  even scrooge is grim , as you can see . 
  he realizes that even with all his money he also will remain under their power . 
  but that 's only because they are so much smaller than we are . 
  they have like - what ? 
  1 % of our population ? 
  also , they are communists with socialist health care who hate our freedom . 
  / republicans, 
  i 'd say the rise up against the government thing is much more plausible than the `` foreign invasion '' argument and not completely stupid . 
  `` what if the jews had had guns in 1933 '' is what i sometimes hear . 
  granted it 's not that simple , but in certain cases guns allowed people to defend themselves , such as during the 1992 la riots , when korean shop owners defended themselves against rioters with their guns . 
  but i definitely agree with you that more gun distribution means more gun violence . 
  the problem is , the distribution is already there in the us , and there 's not much that can be done about it . 
  you have a population that largely agrees on the right to gun ownership and a very powerful political lobby supporting it . 
  i think gun distribution is at least part of the problem . 
  switzerland is a small , wealthy nation with a high standard of living even for the poorest ones , stable social systems and a rather homogenous population . 
  it also does n't border a nation like mexico . 
  a high crime rate , more people in poverty and other problems you have in the us are the cause for the violence , but with almost everyone being able to get a gun the violence if fueled up and heightened further . 
  you 'd rather die than live somewhere else ? 
  what is so great about america ? 
  you look very cute , but i 'd really like to see all of your face . 
  beautiful . 
  `` especially against frauen '' polandball 's engrish still makes me laugh from time to time .
