  implying you actually need to look remotely hard to find stupid statements by americans, 
  and then the `` hurr we maked internet '' shit , hahaha . 
  the alfa 8c is correct !, 
  but the right one is no ferrari . 
  solution :, 
  left car is an alfa 8c . 
  right car is an s2000 . 
  no , they think private donations are voluntary and they 're fuckin ' great , unlike taxes which are communist and involuntary . 
  i always wanted to do this , but in my best german playthrough i lost interest after the soviet `` bitter peace '' event . 
  perhaps you can bully rockstar into making it compatible . 
  do n't the stats say social mobility is among the worst in the us ? 
  i love how he tries to paint his pro-american propaganda as caring about starvation in africa : `` why do n't we look at the starving children in africa , they have it soo much worse , stop talking about our social system 's problems and never mention them again plz thankyou . 
  we have good water too , so stop complaining now '' . 
  and europeans only criticize the second gulf war ? 
  that 's far off the truth when you look at the wars and `` interventions '' america has done since and how europeans think about it - of course his selection is biased when he only rates tourists who come to america , but europeans in general do n't find the nsa chapter or the cia torture all too great . 
   some austrians came in yesterday saying they were looking for a cheap home out here because they believed merkel was bringing down europe . 
  that does n't surprise me , sadly austria has quite a lot of the , let 's call it , folks on the right side of the political spectrum . 
  honestly , the second comment chain was n't too bad . 
  eh , just a light-hearted joke . 
   as in all wars , most young soldiers are just fighting for their country , and the buddy beside himself . 
  the really evil enemy was the old men behind them . 
  without the young soldiers , the `` old men '' could n't possibly go through with their evil plans . 
  which itself belongs to the list of [ overused karma phrases ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/11uw1g/why_does_reddit_claim_to_hate_bullies_and_then/c6q0uil ) . 
  looks good , would be even better if the roads were still there , and the trees would grow out of holes in the road , with the roads slowly decaying and cracking . 
  is this for real , or is this all just a big joke ? 
  he puts `` englishmen '' next to `` muslims or hindus '' , basically saying that muslims ca n't become english people , because brown sand niggers will remain brown sand niggers forever and ever . 
  stay classy , 2015 most popular republican presidential candidate . 
  but america is totally less racist than europe . 
  okay , it 's satire . 
  i normally do n't fall for these , but trump is one of a kind . 
  oh man , i discovered that nutbag months ago , have him tagged as `` chauvinist piece of ... '' , well , let 's not finish that . 
  but honestly , this guy is worthy of pity , he sure does n't have it easy . 
  it 's bullshit from my experience . 
  at least in southern germany , there are plenty of tall guys ( 6 feet and over ) and also plenty of `` average '' and shorter guys , from 5 ' 6 '' , 5 ' 8 '' , 6 ' 3 '' , 6 ' 8 '' , 5 ' 10 '' , a pretty healthy and normal mix . 
  if you suffer from height neurosis like this guy obviously does , you wo n't notice the shorter people and only see the ones who tower over you and continue to feel like inferior shit , because this confirms your view of this unfair , unjust world . 
   i am a good person . 
  you claim this , yet spout shit like this :, 
  there are no men who are happy to go with the women i do n't like . 
  all the men in the world want to go with the women i 've been with . 
  the thing is that these genetic losers will never be able to get them , so they lower their standards and have subpar sex with subpar genetic inferior shit women and then they tell themselves they are attracted to these chicks . 
  ... which is extremely disrespectful to men ( whom you call `` genetic losers '' ) and women ( `` genetic inferior shit '' ) , and honestly no person in this world should be punished to put up with you . 
  do you not 80/20 rule ? 
  short , fat shlubby balding men should get a chance if they 're decent people , not if they 're dicks like this fella . 
  if most of reddit 's demographic is young white males , my question would be : where do the young blacks go , or what is a typical place in the internet for the black males ? 
  he died twice ? 
  that 's super cool . 
  holocaust denier on reddit again , welcome . 
  there are people going into stem because they hope for a big paycheck . 
  and stem education gets advocated and encouraged on many different levels , presumably because businesses and employers want to squeeze down stem wages when alot of employees are available . 
  damn , that would 've been a 1st round ko . 
  because * do you hate america ? 
  what 's your job ? 
  he 's definitely red pill , as he writes in return of kings , a `` red pill sphere '' site . 
  nah , if you showed them a pic of a very fat , very unattractive women , at least 90 % of all men in that incel sub would n't want to have sex with that woman . 
  from that standpoint , most male `` incels '' ca n't really be considered incel either - they ca n't have sex because they do n't have anyone fitting their standards to have sex with . 
  that is called having requirements . 
  how nice you are . 
  elon musk is just gladly shitting on the suffering of the people of pinochet 's chile with his nationalist banter . 
  thanks for the advice . 
  would you advise i can use the hard drive in the position for a few days until i can get some 90 degree cables ? 
  `` why do n't you just stop being poor ? '', 
  the problem is one day you 're going to be sick of blowjobs . 
  do n't read youtube comments , they 're the pinnacle of stupidity and ignorance, 
  even if it were n't . 
  there thousands of possible factors for that other than simply `` them communist maternity leave '' . 
  every day ? 
  unless you have some crazy libido , on some days you 're just gon na be sick of it and have no interest in blowjobs , especially if you get them for every single day of your life . 
  we 're a christian nation , this is why we let sick people die by declaring them `` fit for work '' in britain . 
  because it 's christian values . 
  apparently louis ck is an idiot . 
  i smirked at `` 118 punti '' , haha . 
  sounds so cute . 
  opposite day !, 
   they 're given higher roles way easier, 
  source ? 
   the top women can compete with men but an average woman will not be able to . 
  in a lifting competition , no they wo n't . 
  but in a soldier 's role , which involves firearms pretty much anyone with enough training can operate ... i do n't think that 's always true . 
  tell him to organize a fundraising or similar , there 's enough muricans with more than enough money to chip in . 
  what 's wrong with that theory ? 
  do you have high taxes for cars in finland ? 
  / r/roadcam, 
  the consitution is rules written up by humans , you morons . 
  when i saw it i thought the soda spill was meant to represent oil , aka `` this fluid has made our country great '' , no idea what i was thinkig haha . 
  i like to drive to a pizza place and park right infront of the entrance . 
  how are utilities like food the least expensive when the real wages have stagnated since the 1970 's , but those utilities have risen in price nonetheless ? 
  ford focus has locks on everything - fuel door , engine bonnet , tailgate , doors and ignition . 
  it 's like the motorized version of an advent calendar . 
  that 's true when looking at the development of the whole post-war era since 1945 , but when looking at more specific time frames , such as the years since the crisis , this trend does not always appear . 
  for example , [ this article ] ( http://www.vol.at/die-preisspirale-dreht-sich-weiter-lebensmittel-werden-immer-teurer/3927018 ) from my home of austria explains that several food items , such as bread rolls and frozen pizza , have increased its price by 25 % from 2007 to 2014 ( while clothes have become cheaper ) . 
  as you know , real wages have largely stagnated since the crisis , so therefore , at least in this case , food is not the cheapest it ever was . 
  additionally , since then , the wealth gap has increased in most of the western world , meaning that more people live on the lower end of the income & wealth spectrum than before , and will have more problems paying for those necessary items , since they increase in price . 
  but reddit is n't a us only site , so other places are also relevant when the question of cost of living versus income comes up . 
  no winter tyres probably . 
  car thieves always find a way . 
  the most modern bmws and other high-priced premium brands also get stolen . 
   we 're dealing with a group who , as a whole [ ... ] believe in using western democracy as a tool of usurpation for instilling a theocratic government, 
  citation needed . 
  the civilians are human beings whose only fault is to have been born in a different country . 
  the us is the nation which fucked up iraq beyond recognition leading to is spawn out of there .
