  i love how he is grateful about it being wednesday for no real reason . 
  what about shaping the behaviours of your kids ? 
  for example , trp would say that if you do n't raise your boys to be stoic and dominant , they might struggle heavily in finding relationships . 
  and i have worked together with women in several projects , and it has always ended well . 
  what , oh what , am i doing wrong . 
  please tell me one practical example of how a man cedes his masculinity by working together with a woman . 
  you realize not every man engages in locker-room banter , right ? 
  are soft-spoken men not real men to you ? 
  because your reasoning is very vague to me , i again ask you to tell one example of how you have to cede your masculinity when working with a woman - what specificially can you not say or what do you have to say , how do you have to accede a woman 's needs when working with her ? 
  give me just one example of how this plays out in practice , not another description but one specific , anecdotal example . 
  for reference , i have cracked holocaust jokes when working together with men and women , and i have n't been sanctioned for it . 
  why do you see all male-female relationships related to power ? 
  social hierarchies constantly change in different social groups and settings . 
  people have different positions in school , in their workplaces , in their neighborhood , in their friend circle , etc. 
  it 's not a solid , objective thing . 
  some social circles also have no hierarchies but equal positions , such as friendships . 
  they miss that a `` high t face '' is not the only attractive male face . 
  bascially a face that shows a high testosterone exposure during puberty . 
  an androgynous `` pretty boy '' face can also be very attractive . 
  what location is that ? 
  germany ? 
  also , if he was still growing , he possibly was n't even that short , since the average height of kids and teens is obviously lower . 
  okay , i remember one of your earlier posts and thought you said he later grew to 5 ' 10 , which is n't short in my opinion . 
  respect for being a girl who can look past these things though . 
  you sound like a good person . 
  growing 4 inches after 19 years would be something very , very uncommon . 
  yeah , i love how the `` normie '' side basically makes all the arguments for the `` incel '' side even though he 's supposed to defend his side :, 
   i am just am atm machine to wymin, 
   all children are ungrateful, 
  how do you know his height ? 
  the dude in the photo is good-looking , but not extremely , stunningly beautiful . 
  i regularly see people like him when going outside within larger crowds . 
  `` having sex left and right '' seems a bit extreme . 
  a beautiful woman certainly has more options by simply existing , but having sex with lots of strangers is usually not what women want . 
  you know average height just means that 50 % are shorter and 50 % are taller , right ? 
  he might as well not be tall . 
  you can be unaffected , just do n't crack bad , cynical jokes like so many in the r/gore subreddit do . 
  always remember that it 's human beings in these pictures . 
  the average and the median is the same thing when it comes to height . 
  how to park your sl the pro way ... spotted today and i found it quite amusing . 
  especially considering there was so much remaining space . 
  i know this is just a little thing ... but please let me turn on the gauges / instrument cluster lighting in the cockpit view even at day . 
  horizon 1 was an awesome game and when driving at night i could just turn off the hud and work with the car 's own gauges because they were so well visible and that was a great and immersive experience . 
  however during the day i could n't see shit because of the sunglare / shadows so i had to turn on the game 's hud to see my speed , gear , whatever . 
  so please turn 10 , give us that little feature because it would do so much . 
  this is from a 2002 bmw 3 series coupe . 
  how much would you estimate it would cost to get that scratch removed and the hood fixed up nice and tidy again , all done professionally ? 
  hey , i 'm running skyrim on a system which is now 5 years old . 
  i 'm playing on high settings , with about 100 bigger and smaller mods , no enb and no hd textures . 
  it 's running at an acceptable frame rate with an acceptable quality . 
  recently i 've had the problem of scripts running a bit slow ( e.g. 
  auto unequip ammo and such ) , but apart from that , it 's fine . 
  i 'm thinking you can always do better , so i 've thought of upgrading at least one part of my rig . 
  these are my stats :, 
  * intel i5-750, 
  * amd radeon hd 5770, 
  * `` normal '' hdd, 
  i 'm thinking getting a better gpu would be the best choice for skyrim , not too expensive , up to 100 or 150 bucks , which one would you recommend ? 
  upgrading the ram to 8 gb would be cheap , would that be useful for skyrim ? 
  or should i forget about that and get an ssd instead for better game performance ? 
  what do you suggest ? 
  any idea what the problem could be ? 
  hey , so the story is , i kinda fell for a girl in a college course . 
  i want to ask her if she 's on facebook and if i can add her there , soon . 
  the problem is , i already stalked her a bit and found her facebook profile . 
  i clicked on it a lot of times already . 
  so when i search just the first two letters of her name on the facebook app , her profile immediately comes up first . 
  if i add her the next time and she 's watching , she 'll see that i searched for her profile already . 
  is there any way to remove that search suggestion of her profile ? 
  hi , yeah i 'm looking for a content that circulated in trp perhaps a couple of months ago , it also appeared on tbp . 
  it was a graph i believe , of a so called `` biotruth '' , of women being drawn to bigger/more massive men naturally than to smaller , frail men . 
  i also believe they made some connection to the animal kingdom . 
  i know it 's sketchy , but it was on trp not too long ago , can someone help me out ? 
  hi , i 'm writing something about the 2015 general election , and in some articles i read something i do n't understand . 
  i often see the claim `` the conservative party won a majority of 12 '' . 
  what does this mean ? 
  the conservatives won 330 seats and 326 were needed for a majority , so where does the 12 come from ? 
  a big thanks . 
  hello , i recently installed oblivion on pc , and i 'm having a very annoying issue that i 'm curious to solve . 
  installed the game without problems and all graphics are set to max , but for whatever reason , it 's far too bright ( see screenshots in prison cell ) . 
  it looks really ugly . 
  can anyone help me with fixing this ? 
  thank you !, 
  say it clear . 
  i 'm happy to be alive . 
  today and here . 
  i know this is just nitpicking , and some of you will think i 'm crazy , but i picked up forza 6 yesterday , and while i really like it so far , i 'd really love if they were some less powerful versions of some cars available . 
  take the bmw e36 , which is a very popular car for car enthusiasts worldwide , but there is only the m3 available . 
  how cool would it be if you could purchase an e36 325 or 328i instead , and make an engine swap , or upgrade the suspension to suit the racetrack ? 
  ( better yet , it should come used , with some thousand miles on it already , it 's 20 years old for gods sake ), 
  or take the vw golf mk . 
  v , which only comes as r32 , which is a quite rare car . 
  you could instead have regular mk . 
  v and be able to mod that one . 
  i wish there would be more civil versions of many cars available , like the mercedes c class ( non amg ) or ford focus ( non-st ) , because that would make the modifying process more awesome , feeling like you had bought a bland everyday car and made it a competitive track car . 
  so i 'm a little furious right now , because this game makes it kind of hard for me to like it . 
  i wanted to finish a quest where i have to kill some raiders , but at the last boss raider , i ran out of ammunition and stimpacks . 
  luckily i have a ton of bottle caps already , so i think to myself `` i 'll just go and buy some supplies and come back later '' . 
  but where can i buy stuff ? 
  no one told me .
