  do i smell irony ? 
  where do you live ? 
  the w210s and w220s which go away for these prices are worn out and have 250,000 + km on it . 
  my fathers 2003 mitsubishi diesel ( which is my car now ) is in its 11th year now , very close to 250,000 km ( about 155,000 miles ) and it 's been running without problems for a long time . 
  i 'm still looking to get a better car soon though . 
  the costs seem perfectly fine for me , somewhat low actually for that extravagant paint . 
  chinese you mean ? 
  vw probably provided the english speaker , given that they did n't want anything mistranslated by the british documentary makers . 
  you can tell that it 's a newest generation bimmer if the kidneys are n't integrated into the hood . 
  pedestrian safety . 
  the guy who is 6 ' 3 '' -6 ' 4 '' would n't be a whole had and a whole neck taller than you . 
  the human head is about 9-10 inches long , but the difference between your heights is only 6-7 inches . 
  breeding purposes are the basis of all attraction . 
  so according to that , people who do n't want children ever should have no sexual urges . 
  he knew he had an xbox , but maybe his boss did n't ? 
  thanks obama !, 
  there are urine sediments in toilets , would n't the same happen to shower floors over a longer period of time ? 
  in europe with ncap , they only have to crash test a x percentage of their whole portfolio , but not every model . 
  that 's why there is no crash test of the new a8 . 
  it might be death trap ( kidding ) , as no test is required . 
  dear world ,, 
  the grille is a distinctive design element of the bugatti brand . 
  therefore , it will make an appearance on our newest car . 
  signed , martin winterkorn , vw group . 
  the bmw e46 coupe is one of the most classy and elegant coupes of the 90 's which still has much of it 's beauty left even today . 
  the sedan and wagon is a different story , and up for debate , but the ( pre-facelift ) coupe is timeless . 
  the w210 honestly looks like an old timer to me . 
  that 's what it was designed like i imagine , from the square shape and headlamps of its predecessor to the roundish body shape and headlamps in homage to older benz models . 
  well ... i guess he got fired . 
  almost true , 1998 for sedan and 1999 for the coupe . 
  who the hell gives you thumbs down ? 
  crazy people . 
  the pc is lacking good , up-to-date games in some genres , just as the consoles are lacking them too in other genres . 
  take racing games for example : to this day , there is no racing game available for the pc that looks as good and is as detailed and complex as the forza and gran turismo series on xbox and playstation . 
  there are hardcore racing sims on the pc , but they use engines that are 8 + years old , and do not look closely as good as the top console games . 
  there is an upcoming game for the pc , project cars , but it 's been in development for years and has been delayed again until the end of this year . 
  that , and as others have mentioned , local multiplayer is alot better on the consoles . 
  there are so many games around which have a split-screen option for consoles but none for pc . 
  xbox live and probably also ps network also offer great arcade games which are a heck of a fun if you are together with friends . 
  would n't dislike of the company be a negative consequence ? 
  if you do n't call back 1,000 people and all of them are pissed at the company for not responding , there is the possibility you lose 1,000 costumers ? 
  well , i 'm not talking about model years because they are screwed up in the us . 
  the sedan began production and sales in march '98 and the coupe in april ' 99 . 
  the focus and fiesta were never gone , maybe they were not offered in america ( ? ), 
  sorry , but there are countless multi-platform games that offer no local multiplayer on the pc , but do on the consoles . 
  the waiter took a good engrish course . 
  `` most people '' do n't believe austrians are mountains germans . 
  they believe they are austrians . 
  we do n't live in the 1930s anymore . 
  austria is not only mountainous terrain . 
  also , you alone is not `` most people '' . 
  is n't precise and exact phrasing a german thing ? 
  well , i guess you 're right . 
  i live here and there 's not a single mountain in my sight . 
  i must be in ... hungary or something . 
  i live 10 minutes away from the border and there is no decrease in elevation past it . 
  so i guess the czech republic is part of austria-mountain . 
  they do n't say they are damaged though . 
  they are all successful men with alot of hobbies and are working in the stem field making tons of money . 
  add a 316i badge on it . 
  the ultimate sleeper . 
  women should be chaste and not cheat on their partners , but men should try to have sex with women who have partners , otherwise they are blue pill betas . 
  hmm ... 
  this guy needs some thorough history lessons . 
   the eyebrow of the front headlights was also frowned upon by car magazines for taking away the aggressive look of its predecessors . 
  are they kidding ? 
  do they try to makes us believe that [ this ] ( http://www.cars-directory.net/pics/bmw/523i/1997/bmw_523i_2770762_orig.jpg ) looks more agressive than [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7c/bmw_e60_front_20080723.jpg ) ? 
  he felt that something evil was born that year . 
  it 's an awesome and aggressive looking car . 
  disagree , 
  he worries about the ukraine conflict . 
  the most absurd thing is that he leads return of kings , a site full of misogyny , which proclaims that men are superior , that men should lead and not let themsleves be controlled by women , and should devote their life to their own passions . 
  yet roosh basically makes women the center of his whole life , travelling to frickin ' ukraine or romania , not to actually experience these countries , but only to get laid with some prostitutes or random chicks in nightclubs . 
  and yet all these men , who hate women and say they want to do their own thing worship him . 
  it 's so sad actually . 
  what terrible news . 
  rest in peace . 
  because worrying is a totally normal human reaction , even when it does n't make anything better . 
  i still say it 's not quite comparable . 
  being 1,73 in the netherlands makes you short compared to the people around you , but you know that you 'd be not as short living in the rest of the world , you know that you 're as tall as robert downey jr. , or just 2 cm shorter than stallone , who pretty much portrays the ultimate alpha man in all of his films , and is not perceived as short by everyone . 
  you can always think of that to give you strength . 
  you can think `` i 'm not short , they are just tall '' . 
  being 1,65 ( 5 ' 5 ) or even less is definitely short , no matter where in the world , and that would bother me a lot more , even if i lived in the us . 
  a 5 ' 7 woman is tall in my book . 
  i doubt they can make it an exact , flawless replica of the ring , so it will never be quite the real thing . 
  what thresholds idea did the op give ? 
  they look like size 6 . 
  every time i look into the daily mail , i see a story of someone ( often a teenager ) brutally murdered in a bizarre , crazy way . 
  i laugh every time a british person says we germans are extreme . 
  her husband looks like a wife beater . 
  it would be cool if it were like inception ... the deeper you go , the slower the time passes for you . 
  so in your virtual reality , you could actually live 300 years long . 
  is n't that what the red pill would call hamstering ? 
  or just admitting that the other poster is right by responding with a useless phrase ? 
  if you have poor stature or back problems , you can gain some height by working out , gymnastics and improving your stature . 
  other than that , there 's nothing that helps permanently . 
  if some people think that 's how they like to express their feelings , then what 's wrong with that ? 
  how do you get organs out of a failed suicide attempt ? 
  does n't a failed attempt mean the person still lives ? 
  on the other hand , there are many pro-gun groups these days who go nuts over every shooting , going conspiratard and labelling it a hoax , even so with the recent santa barbara shooting .
