  the biggest downside i see and agree to is that i 'm playing right into heightism that way . 
  it says you should n't do it because you 're playing into heightism and discrimination that way , which i agree with . 
  it also says that once you have the mindset that taller is better you will never be happy no matter how tall you get . 
  but why would n't i be happy once i 'm as tall as an average man ? 
  who says i wo n't be able to accept that height ? 
  you 're 17 and you already have 100k available ? 
  are your parents willing to pay for it ? 
  why ? 
  i think he raised good points as to why he regrets having done it . 
  did you see the video ? 
  he regrets the procedure , but not because he 's unhappy with his new height . 
  because he 's ashamed he took the `` easy way out '' instead of proving the world that short guys can be successful . 
  too high standards , drop at least one of the two . 
   now i know why all males with gf 's and wives are happy . 
  yeah , no , they 're not all happy . 
  do n't know about you , but i 'm not that unhappy . 
  there is more than sex and love in this world . 
  thanks , op . 
  we need more posts like yours . 
  reading this sub sometimes makes me so fucking depressed because it seems that no girl would ever want me no matter what . 
  what was the reason the girl dumped you ? 
  i 'm starting to do some of the things this elliot rodger guy was doing . 
  every morning i drive to mcdonald 's to grab a coffee and drink it alone in my car while listening music and watching the people passing by . 
  not sure if that 's a fa thing though . 
  i 'm of short body height with an above average sized penis . 
  i 'd much , much rather have it the other way around . 
  maybe because of paul walker ? 
  i really do n't know . 
  i think the design of the accord coupe aged really well . 
  if one , just one person in this world truly values me as `` beautiful '' , then i can be beautiful to someone even if everyone else says otherwise . 
  there is a difference though , between `` i want a man taller than me '' and `` i want a man who is at least a whole foot taller than me '' . 
  the first i completely understand , the second i just do n't . 
  i so often see tiny girls together with huge guys who tower over me . 
  they look up to their giant boyfriends with delight and happiness . 
  but perhaps they 're not as common as they seem to me , because my vision is distorted . 
  not relevant ? 
  is n't that your ultimate goal as well ? 
  to fight heightism ? 
  to seek for an ideal world where no one is discriminated because of how tall or short he is ? 
  even if we will never find a women , at least we will never have kids to pass our genes on , and that 's good ? 
  what a horrible post . 
  the first one seems very logical to me because men are naturally taller than women , although not by such an extent as one whole foot . 
  also , please stop downvoting my posts only because you have a different opinion . 
  you will never know how much taller you would 've got even if you drank all that milk and took all that calories . 
  it might 've been just a quarter of an inch . 
  also , it will be completely possible that your son will be your height or even shorter , except if you pump him full of hgh . 
  that 's funny because i 've read someone on yahoo answers saying sex is 1000 times better than masturbating . 
  it must be the affection that comes with it , your partner wanting to make you feel good and you wanting to make your partner feel good . 
  warm like the piss bottle which i once erroneously nipped of !, 
  since when was the classic housewife thing still present in the 80s ? 
  so ... how old is she supposed to be ? 
  well , that 's the point of finding a gf , is n't it ? 
  to find one that wants to be with you . 
  i loved the awkward silence after `` i kinda watch porn related to ponies '' , followed by `` what ?!, 
  '' , haha . 
  [ i think the 1993 german war movie `` stalingrad '' did a pretty good job on these `` nazi haircuts '' . 
  ] ( http://youpic.su/pictures/1339444800/f4956ed11e0eda0e6e4c530fa057130b.jpg ), 
  every time he comes to bed she just thinks of a happy place until it is over . 
  i can imagine him breathing fast and heavily after doing that . 
  that was okay . 
  by thinking that in an alternate universe she is real . 
  m'hugo boss . 
  the cut/style of these uniforms is actually still used as dress uniforms in many parts in germany and austria , for firemen for example , just with different colors . 
  policemen just lining up and standing there are not akin to violence . 
  today i learned a clk-gtr has a headliner made of alcantara but no reading lights . 
  great find !, 
  i see you 're not a fan of the police then . 
  you 're claiming my statement was wrong as it was a fact . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's opinion . 
  cops are not there to be violent . 
  they are there to ensure laws and safety , laws that are based on a democratic system . 
  also they act within the law when they line up somewhere to prevent movement . 
  call it whatever you want but it 's lawful and it 's not wrong . 
  `` only idiots are fans of police . '', 
  good thing some where killed off on 9/11 right ? 
  people like you make me sick . 
  the western culture is hardly a culture where women regularly approach men yet , even if the trend is starting to go that way . 
  5 ' 9 '' is not short for central europe . 
  it 's about 3 centimetres below average . 
  i know what kind of fella you are . 
  you are the liberalist who thinks every kind of state is wrong , taxes are wrong and the police is wrong . 
  tell me again , who builds public roads and protects the borders if there are no taxes ? 
  who protects a child from being molested by his father/uncle/neighbor / whoever if not the state / the police ? 
  simply not true . 
  law enforcement and police have prevented countless of abuses against children and stopped countless more from happening again by arresting the predators . 
  if security forces were private , no one would stop parents from abusing their kids and people who could n't afford security forces would be free to kill for everyone . 
  think again long and hard about your liberalist `` everything would be better private '' ideology . 
  it 's not the solution . 
  sometimes , after a really intense and awesome session i do n't have that post-guilt/shame . 
  when it 's over i just think `` damn , that was so awesome '' . 
  many people hear noises at silence . 
  i 've once read something that when locked into a perfectly silent room , 80 or 90 % of people will hear noises . 
  it seems to be pretty normal . 
  let 's be honest here , you just want to show off that your sister has friends . 
  i agree , it would be much more elegant without those stripes . 
  but it 's beautiful nonetheless . 
  being forced to pay huge reparations for the war was part of the treaty of versailles . 
  in hard comparison to post-world war 2 , when germany was given alot of economic help with the marshall plan . 
  rest in peace ...
