  i hope they bring out a new version of this game . 
  such a fascinating concept . 
  your self-hate will lead you nowhere , only to more suffering and misery . 
  to be truly happy you have to learn to accept yourself and not think of yourself as subhuman . 
   drive their new ford, 
  kek, 
  and when they do , it 's a european one developed by ford of cologne , germany . 
  i loved how these self-absorbed morons shot themselves in the foot when they said `` canada has a crazy culture because their cops are dressed red , easily visible . '', 
  while actually it 's a good thing that cops do n't have to hide and wear bulletproof vests . 
  that school looks fucking insane . 
  glasses can not have brand names on them , no shoes with logos , no undercuts - is that school stuck in the times of dickens ? 
  meeting with black community leaders , i would imagine ? 
  that 's exactly what it says . 
  jesse pinkman would wear it . 
  it 's kinda sad that women can act in such a passive way as shown in this pic , and get laid , while men ca n't . 
  only a fraction of the population are `` hot dudes '' . 
  `` i 'm not racist , i have black friends . '', 
  fact is that making shy compliments like the dude in the comic the other poster posted will not get you laid as a man , but very easily as a woman . 
  you have really nice eyes and your hair is pretty . 
  this a beautiful speech . 
  cuc ... cool . 
  that tongue movement just right now . 
  although he said it was a `` complete disaster '' during the election . 
  does he post in the_donald ? 
  of course he does . 
  oh yes , definitely remember some of these things in my childhood . 
  still , i wish i had eaten more and had done some more sports . 
  `` you 're depressed ? 
  just ignore national socialism . 
  seems to work well for you . '', 
  we do n't know if all of his friends dumped him , some might have stayed loyal . 
  i do n't agree with saying what the guy did is acceptable human behaviour because `` it 's the internet '' . 
  nobody should act like that without feeling consequences . 
  but i agree that this kind of witch hunt is disturbing , especially contacting his employer , his means of making a living . 
  yup , but the women of okcupid are not the women of the entire population . 
  `` basic bitch '' , huh ? 
  no wonder you 're on this subreddit . 
  women are not a hivemind . 
  if one individual woman speaks out against this particular kind of approach and then likes it when an attractive guy does it , then it 's a double standard . 
  yes , exactly . 
  thank you . 
  you 're the winner of this debate . 
  i think the 90/10 figure is hogwash . 
  which is why it 's not necessarily a double standard . 
  woman a can have one opinion ( these approaches are bad ) and woman b can have a different opinion ( these approaches are okay if he 's hot ) . 
  here 's some actual research on it based on relationship data : [ http://www.hookingupsmart.com/2010/09/14/hookinguprealities/sex-and-the-pareto-principle/] ( http://www.hookingupsmart.com/2010/09/14/hookinguprealities/sex-and-the-pareto-principle/ ), 
  this is just ridiculous . 
  despite all the concerns shared in the `` manosphere '' , most women prefer to have a mongamous relationship with one person . 
  harems will not form . 
  hundreds of millions of young men have partners and satisfied relationships , and stats say that only a very small fraction of men do n't have sex . 
  to me , these arguments are a coping mechanism of dealing with the difficulty of dating by making that challenge seem extraordinarily hard . 
  where 'd you pull that fact from ? 
  see , i 'm a young man going to a university full of young people , and i do n't see the young women there as people who would gladly join a harem with many other women and a single high-status man who all flock to him , and will gladly share him with all his wives . 
  that 's not what 's happening , and that 's just an odd fantasy . 
  most of them are average young people who , although they are also studying and have their careers in mind ( they do n't all want to be housevies ) , are either single or are with a partner , who is also an average young person of comparable attractiveness . 
  i 've recently gotten together with 3 other guys for a group project , and we 've sat together for a while and talked . 
  one of them had a girlfriend studying something with engineering ( so she will probably make more money than him , since he studies social sciences ) , another one was 24 years and with his girlfriend who expected their first child . 
  both were not extremely attractive , below 6 feet tall , and definitely no `` chads '' . 
  so the whole internet `` trp/manosphere/pua / dark enlightenment '' bubble and many people 's real life experience are at sharp opposites . 
  i understand there are issues we need to talk about , and i know many young men are unhappy and lonely , and i believe that women have some leverage in the modern dating life . 
  but they 're just humans who largely want to live their lives and at one point in time settle with 1 partner . 
  i strongly believe we are more than just animals and more than our instincts , and i do n't believe the life of genghis khan is somehow a better example of our natural behaviour than our current society . 
  because if they write so much bs , what reason should i have to trust them the rest of their stuff might be good ? 
  what would be good red pill qualities in your opinion ? 
  really curious . 
  oh yes , a waste of server space . 
  okay , understood . 
  what do you mean with boundaries exactly ? 
  like not cheating on your partner with a different woman ? 
  also , do you think adult women should also learn to control their emotions and develop confidence ? 
  do n't know where in austria you 're from , but here we absolutely talk about hitler . 
  show up with these in a job interview and see what happens . 
  he could be good at sex , it 's just that because of her evolutional female brain , a woman can not be attracted to a guy who is n't a bad boy . 
  that 's the trp belief if i got that right . 
  or perhaps every person has unique and different qualities and traits . 
  all women are not like her . 
  if the equivalence of breats and asses are confidence and drive in men , we could say men are better than women . 
  because those qualities are important for humanity while breasts and asses are not an accomplishment . 
  are you saying all porn actors are alpha males ? 
  i do n't understand how vehicles in the uk can drive without road tax . 
  in austria , if you do n't pay your vehicle tax the authorities will take your license plate away in a matter of 1-2 weeks . 
  you can buy a bmw for the price of a toyota , but it will have less extras than the toyota for the same price . 
  to get a bmw loaded with the specs and extras of the equivalent japanese model , you 'll have to pay more . 
   disproves the bp mantra of `` everyone is a special snowflake '', 
  every person is a little different , there are patterns of behaviour and attributes that are attractive to large parts of the population in both men and women , such as confidence , boldness and manliness in men and youth , good looks and timidity in women , but that still does n't mean these patterns of attraction encompass all humans , and there is still a large number of people who are attracted to different things , or who are attracted to these traits , but also have different priorities on top of that . 
  priorities can also change over time and most people naturally have some attractive and some unattractive traits . 
  people would not always be wise to change their traits because it might not lead to happiness for them , even if they could attract some more people of the desired gender , there 's still enough people left if they not adopt these traits . 
  better ? 
   party girls or not , most women we potentially want to mate with are attracted to players . 
  and then some terpers complain they 're afraid of a more attractive chad stealing their girl , when they chose that type of woman in the first place . 
  interesting username . 
  what are things that pretty much everyone likes ? 
  does one panel have a different color ? 
  not really , it 's a pretty normal height . 
  hey , the girl on the photo messaged me also . 
  that hoe !, 
  do you think all bloopers are skinnyfats ? 
  being confident also helps a lot , and it can be done without surgery . 
  `` yeah , i heard it on the alex jones show . '', 
   5 years ago you helped him cross the german border,
