  ad hominem ... kinda ... childish ? 
  did n't find any solution on the internet either . 
  yes !, 
  close to hamburg with promods map !, 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  how can an employee even choose not to play taxes ? 
  where i 'm from , taxes are automatically deducted from the money your employer give you every month . 
  you ca n't choose not to pay them . 
  why could n't the investors just become global players and spend the money themselves , instead of lending it to someone ? 
  yes , well what i am talking about now are wage taxes . 
  where i am from , they are automatically deducted , one share from the employer , another share from the employee . 
  so i guess you can only evade wage taxes if your employer is frauding taxes , too . 
  well , the wage tax is most likely the biggest share of taxes an average employee has to pay . 
  many other taxes ( vat , fuel tax , electricity tax ) ca n't be avoided at all unless i 'm mistaken . 
   i literally do n't have enough time in the day to work more hours . 
  communist . 
  is it real ? 
  any context ? 
  she killed so many people in her game , now she gets a small taste of her own medicine . 
  interesting , thanks . 
  it 's from a mod . 
  check it out :, 
  [ http://ets2mods.org/other/route-advisor-mod-collection-v-4-0-by-hemil] ( http://ets2mods.org/other/route-advisor-mod-collection-v-4-0-by-hemil ), 
  `` oh my god look , it 's a midget , let 's take a photo of him and put it on reddit because he 's a midget '', 
  f *** off . 
  transgender maybe . 
  not an expert about mutual funds , but i think a return of 8 % is n't possible without a grade of risk involved . 
  i 'm using those fingerless gloves to tip my fedora when a charming lady comes around the corner . 
  opinion . 
  honestly , saying `` the nsx looks cheap '' is n't very meaningful either . 
  the porsche looks like a porsche . 
  the nsx looks very japanese to me , typical sharp edges and aggressive grinning headlights of a japanese-designed car . 
  i would n't call it cheap . 
  haha , a victim of marketing . 
  bmw , audi and mercedes are just cars , made out of metal , plastics , rubber and glass . 
  they are not sacred objects carved by the gods from olymp . 
  i live in europe , and i bought a honda civic because the interior from an audi a3 from the same build year looked simply boring , with no innovation in it . 
  the a3 from these build years did n't even have a multifunctional sport-steering wheel available . 
  on the honda i get an interior with soft-touch plastics , high-quality buttons and a headliner out of woven fabric - build quality not much different from `` premium brands '' , but an interior that looks 3 times better than that of the premium brands of the same age . 
  these cars are not things created by gods , they are just cars , and in the a3 , golf , mercedes a-class range , they are absolutely in the same realm as japanese brands . 
  german car brands are n't looked at as a luxury as much here in europe . 
  could you be more specific ? 
  this thing is incredible . 
  well , the c class is newer than the lexus and honestly , both the merc and the lexus have interiors on a very high level of quality . 
  the predecessor to the current c class ( w204 ) has often been criticized for its rather plasticky and bland interior . 
  and the new a4 is n't even out yet , while the current a4 is lagging behind in interior and infotainment because it 's so old already . 
  what i 'm saying is that even though there are many very nice german cars out there , they are not by definition perfect objects created by gods of engineering and better than anything elese . 
  sweet veins . 
  what terrain mods did you use ? 
  yes , this is exactly what i wanted to comment on . 
  there is no empirical proof black men have bigger penises , but , just as you said , if you 're a black man with a small or not-big penis , you most likely wo n't go into porn or anywhere else where your penis is publicly seen . 
  it 's a stereotype that is enforced and confirmed by the sociological effects of the stereotype . 
  well , if a woman would reject me for `` only '' being average sized , i would n't want that women near me either . 
  it 'd be a turn-off for me . 
  also people . 
  chemical brothers came to mind . 
  opposed wipers on the civic , i love them on mine , 
  no excuse for drone murders is what i would like to hear . 
  what a fucking moron . 
  damaged his own car in the process too . 
  beautiful words , thank you . 
  i was close to shedding tears . 
  why do n't you take your fedora and bottle of mountain dew and head off for some nice mlp ? 
  her dress . 
  it 's not suited to american tastes , i know americans like sedans first , hatchbacks maybe second . 
  but the euro civic actually looks pretty great in person , you have to see it personally . 
  pics can only tell half the story . 
  such as ? 
  the dash is actually the highlight of the civic . 
  i have a 2006 one and the interior looks a lot better and modern than that of a 2006 vw golf or 2006 audi a3 . 
  agree with you on the 370z and the mustang , they are both cars which i would probably pick over the civic ( although here in germany , the mustang costs 3,000 euros more than the civic ) . 
  i would n't call them `` better '' cars though , they 're less versatile and less of a compact pocket rocket , so just different cars . 
  the focus and wrx are both awesome cars , but i would n't call them better than the civic , totally on a par . 
  well yeah . 
  i just bought my car 2 months ago and i love spending time with it . 
  so even cleaning is still fun . 
  but now there 's no place to store sunglasses . 
  in germany many bmw 's still come without a coolant temperature gauge as standard today . 
  and what kind of benefits will they receive in the uk , being unemployed , not citizens of the uk or eu ? 
  oh yeah , let those fuckers die , it 's their own fault for wanting to improve their lifes . 
  seriously ? 
  britain 's population already consists of a high percentage of people originating from the rest of the world , many of whom contribute to society , so it 's not like the uk is going to collapse instantly because a lot of people are trying to come in now . 
  winston would turn in his grave if the germans would invade at last . 
  the problem does not originate in france , it originates in the countries where the immigrants originally come from . 
  this is where the uk , and the rest of the western world , have to do something . 
  i totally agree with you . 
  also , a lot of these immigrants , i imagine , come from africa and other regions with britain had earlier colonized , and thus caused a lot of the problems they have today . 
  pretty sure it 's a write off . 
  repairing would be more expensive than getting a comparable one . 
  a cat wearing another cat . 
  i love that old-ass junker opel vectra with no front bumper in the last clip . 
  safety inspections ? 
  fuck you , this is russia . 
  guess many us states are n't too strict on car safety inspections either . 
  i would 've apologized immediately as soon as i had the chance , even before he said `` get out of the car '' . 
  yup , does n't surprise me . 
  it 's exactly what the people who govern us want ... poor people hating on their own kind . 
  one of the biggest mysteries out there ... no one in this world seems to know it . 
  did they teach you anything about cars when you got your license ?
