  it 's still alright compared to denmark though . 
  i would have a big inferiority complex if my mom was an s63 amg and all i became was a vito . 
  there is a reason women are n't allowed to go out alone without a close man on their side in some islamic countries , a reason that in islamic societies men do n't talk to women unless they know they are available . 
  all of this is based on wounded `` male honour '' . 
  as someone else wrote , it is seen as part of the american way of life , to have the freedom ( and therefore the right , as freedom is an american right ) to go your way whereever you please , and with the huge landmass of the american nation , driving is seen as a necessity to be free . 
  you can start driving with 16 and getting a license is much more easy in america . 
  this is totally different in europe . 
  driving is seen as a privilage , many people even hate cars and despise people for driving cars . 
  european culture is a lot less car-friendly . 
  op only explained the origin of this name change tradition . 
  so uuh ... turn on the indicator on the opposite side when turning , right ? 
  calling your opponent fat - so mature !, 
  this guy posted this a few minutes after the planes hit , yet he was smarter back then than many of the conspiracy nuts are today ( `` the buildings would n't collapse only due to planes '' ) . 
  that 's awesome !, 
  thanks for sharing . 
  charly wagner on the harald schmidt show !, 
  just by reading the headline , there 's truth in that . 
  modern western and american society shames and ridicules male virginity . 
  it 's not the same with female virginity . 
  i will win a nobel prize and establish an own country ( like sealand ) which then will have a nobel prize ratio of 1 per 1 people . 
  so this is what cyber-bullying feels like . 
  aaaah i 'm gon na freak out !!, 
  that ugly pos lincoln behind it . 
  they 're not scum , they are just blinded , having grown up in a dictatorship . 
  do americans really use `` poop '' in everyday speech ? 
  ... or a mini . 
  of course that vw has a totally normal turning radius . 
  she just did n't turn the wheel enough for whatever reason . 
  when i read `` this site is about being `` masculine '' '' , i immediately knew it was return of kings . 
  disgusting place full of disgusting , pitiful people . 
  one of them actually wrote he would n't give money to starving children in africa because they are `` sub-humans '' and `` they can starve to death '' . 
  yeah , you 're racist dude , and you should rethink your views . 
  austria is unable to survive without immigrants because native austrians have a birth rate too low to sustain a balanced population number . 
  now hurry to your next fp\u00d6 meeting . 
  confidence , along with actual skills , is the most important factor for career success . 
  confidence makes someone appear more attractive . 
  a significant portion of the american economy and many branches require on people consuming , buying expensive coffee , buying new products all the time . 
  working many hours , spending a lot of cash , taking on new debts , buying a new car every 4 or 5 years , it 's seen as the american way . 
  so while the frugality from mr. money mustache is a really great advice for the single individual , the economy would suffer if everyone would follow it . 
  many people just are n't good enough to score the best grades , many want to enjoy their free time instead of learning a new language or learning to code . 
  also , stem is n't the right choice for everyone . 
  not everyone can become a technician , and many people have their biggest interests and passions in other fields . 
  if i hated math and have hated it since elementary school and my biggest interests were something totally different , would i really be happy going into that field , ending up in a job that i hate ? 
  stem just is n't for everyone . 
  why exactly ca n't you be a psychologist ? 
  so psych is n't really useless then ... because you could 've become a psychologist , you just decided not to . 
  it 's racist because those going fundie and going to syria to join a terrorist organization are a tiny minority of all immigrants . 
  most immigrants are peaceful people who want to live here to strive for their own luck and do n't want to hurt you or your beloved country . 
  yet you attack them all using phrases like `` shitty immigrants '' . 
  and like i said , if you really love your homeland you should support immigration , because immigration is the only way a country like austria with a birth rate of 1,3 children per woman can survive at all . 
  by the way , why do you vote sp\u00d6 , the party which has supported mass immigration for the last half century , if you hate immigration ? 
  europeans in generel have less work time than america . 
  one of the core problems of islam in my opinion ( also when compared to the other abrahamic religions ) is that it 's based on a very imperative and strict theory with little room for interpretation and that the use of violence and terror dates back to the founder ( s ) of the religion , as well as the slow , barely existent progress of reformation in islamic theology . 
  the use of violence and brutality in the name of islam is not something that has come up only in the last 20 or 30 years , it dates back to the founding of the religion by the prophet muhammad himself . 
  one of the core principles of islam is that muhammad is the perfect example of a human being , and to be a good muslim one should follow his teachings and emulate his actions , because they were perfect , and still are , no matter what time it is . 
  muhammad himself was a brutal warrior and leader , violently conquering foreign territory , enslaving and killing innocent people , murdering people who criticized him , spouting hatred against jews and women , etc. 
  islamic theology and islamic society has n't yet advanced to the point to say `` the prophet lived 1,300 years ago , and we ca n't follow his advice or emulate his actions in our lives because we live in modern , better times in which these things are no longer appropriate '' and it probably will take a long time until it will . 
  of course that is n't the only reason for the massive number of islamic terrorist attacks in the past decades . 
  is there poverty and unemployment in the muslim world ? 
  definitely . 
  is there a huge shortcoming of education in every islamic nation ? 
  definitely . 
  are there problems in society , economy , and culture ? 
  very much so . 
  many young muslims are frustrated and confused in the world they grow up in , many do n't have opportunities and many live in dictatorships and desolate states with no perspectives for their future . 
  a lot of muslims are caught in a crushing conflict between their upbringing , the strict rules and laws of their society and religion , and the temptations and pleasures of the western world , and do n't know which way to go . 
  nations like saudi-arabia support fundamentalism and terrorist movements and are causing terrible harm to muslims as well as non-muslims by doing this . 
  but muslims are not the only ones who have it hard . 
  the people in greece or romania have to deal with unemployment and an unsafe future as well . 
  you do n't see too many greek or romanian terrorist attacks on the news . 
  so long story short , there are many factors playing into the spread of islamic terrorism , but one of them is islam itself , not a modern or false interpretation of it , but the root of islam since its founding . 
  `` fun car '' sounds like they are filming porn in there . 
  it 's because they have allah on their side . 
  why submissive though ? 
  because i fantasize about having sex with a man ? 
  does that make me submissive ? 
  well thank you . 
  do n't you have the option of ... losing weight ? 
  thanks . 
  it appears quite a lot of men have similar fantasies , although not many talk about it . 
  i think they made it that way so that ai traffic does n't have to yield to other traffic . 
  if the highway entry lane would cease to exist ( like in real life ) , the ai would have to yield at every entry . 
  ai traffic has quite a lot of problems yielding . 
  that way , they can just drive onto the highway without any problems . 
  i use the tsm mod and there are signs indicating this on most occasions . 
  there are still some without . 
  thank you for this intelligent answer . 
  a lot better than the comments of all these clowns ( now deleted ) . 
   i 'd say any girl higher than a 5-6 gets privilege , with the 7 + ones getting insane amounts , as in she could easily live her life without paying for anything ever again if she wanted . 
  yeah , until she gets older . 
  men here often forget that . 
  also , your opinion that only jaw line , body and stature ( things which you `` can not change '' ) matters for attraction is purely subjective . 
  different people might rate different things attractive . 
  take good care of your baby . 
  i read somewhere here that skyrim only uses 3.1 gb of ram though . 
  guess that was false . 
  thanks for the advice . 
  thanks !, 
  ram and gpu , got it . 
  elnfx is more popular than rlo and it looks better in my opinion .
