   ah the ole no true scotsman card . 
  i guarantee you they 'd argue that they 're the real feminists too . 
  they might say you 're not one because you do n't support their specific viewpoint , assuming you are one , of course . 
  you can argue that these people are not real feminists because their hypocritical stances go against the principle of equality , or you can argue that they are real feminists . 
  it does n't really matter because they are single persons with their own agency and can be criticized as single persons . 
  you can argue that the `` do n't be that guy '' campaign or the `` killallmen '' hashtag are despicable things , but it 's not an argument that feminism itself is evil or no longer needed . 
  i 've head the argument that feminism is no longer needed before , but i do n't agree to that , because misogyny still exists in people 's heads and in society . 
  just look at the red pill , where people literally say that women are stupid human beings with a mind comparable to children and it will get thousands of upvotes and endorsements on a major subreddit on the mainstream internet . 
  you say that `` women have slotted themselves into a lovely position '' because they get government aid , they have easy access to education , but why should n't they ? 
  they 're half the population so i do n't see why they should n't aim for a lovely position . 
  and men still hold most of the power in this world , in governments , in corporations , own most of the money , etc. 
  of course there 's positions here that deserve criticism , women having more advantages in certain situations , certain laws , and that the male suicide rate is not adequately addressed - but these are not arguments against feminism and the principle of equality , which has done a lot of good over the last decades especially compared to where the world was before . 
  and here 's a post i 've saved in regards to `` feminism is not about equality '' that shows some of the efforts feminism has done for the cause of men :, 
  [ https://www.reddit.com/r/purplepilldebate/comments/31bt0d/why_is_the_red_pill_wrong/cq0fxvb] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/purplepilldebate/comments/31bt0d/why_is_the_red_pill_wrong/cq0fxvb ), 
  but how do they even get their products shipped out ? 
  it 's not like his war or the genocide were the bad aspects of hitler 's rule . 
  no , it was his economic policy !, 
  it was n't his looks that made it impossible , it was his mental state . 
  some men like boyish women . 
  then there 's men who are attracted to fat women and women taller than themselves , which both could be considered `` un-female '' features . 
  did you mean that if there 's men attracted to non-female features in a woman , there 's also women attracted to non-male features in a man ? 
  or : this helmet is not suitable for wearing in a war . 
  you were really fast with that one , huh ? 
  to be fair , i believe that sub has a good reason to exist , because there 's a lot of really stupid things some americans say . 
  it 's not the only english speaking country , but americans dominate reddit , meaning most stupid things will be said by them . 
  what a cucktacular comment . 
  and by the way , evading that blue laser is reallllly frustrating . 
  so tell me what does he think obama did that makes him deserve an early death ? 
  make health care more easily available for millions and millions of american citizens ? 
  how dare that un-christian swine do that !, 
  it 's a fair point , but i do n't think the senator had wished the same for bush back then , even though he did similarly evil things . 
  thanks for this post . 
  really puts the whole americentric trp world view in perspective . 
  i 've not been to america , but i ca n't say that the rules of society i observe in europe align with what trp claims how sociey is . 
  why ca n't republican candidates be a bit less stereotypish ? 
  why is there only one republican archetype : `` hates gun control , does n't believe in climate change , is anti vaccines , wants to make the military `` strong '' , repeal obamacare '' ? 
  how about a little more variation ? 
  so why is the uk market so overpriced ? 
  someone must be making huge profits there . 
  i ca n't comment on the drinking part , but when my mother was pregnant with me , the doctors advised her to cut down the smoking , but not quit it - probably because either she could n't have managed to or it would have been too much of a shock to quit . 
  i hopefully turned out fine , but i can understand that quitting smoking is very hard for some people and if they cut it down to a minimum during pregnancy , they should n't be criticized , if even the doctors tell them it 's alright . 
  to be fair , you have no way to determine whether the light frame of a person is due to smoking , or just genetic . 
  there are people who turn out small or frail and that 's just the way their genetics built them . 
  of course i 'm not advising on smoking , which is something you should n't do . 
  also , he does n't want emotional arguments to stop him from joyfully shooting his gun , which totally is n't an emotional argument itself . 
  another poster here 's saying it 's still common practice , so it 's disputed . 
  do you have any more information about that study ? 
  thank you !, 
  sadly , racists like the author of that image exist ... both in the us and elsewhere . 
  i have a strange fascination with the `` red pill sphere '' . 
  on one hand , i feel shock and disgust at what some people post here , the misogynistic and absolutist things which they even seem to believe . 
  on the other hand , i find some issues which are discussed here really interesting and i believe they deserve to be discussed about . 
  this is done freely here , even though there 's a lot of bad apples in the discussion , i think that 's intriguing . 
  i just browse some of the threads here from time to time . 
  i will boycott it too . 
  the problem is that you 'll find many people , in this sub and outside , who 'll say they do n't see it confirmed . 
  it 's not accepted outside of trp . 
  are you kidding ? 
  among the girls of my generation i grew up with , there were many cutes ones among them , and many of them got together with equally attractive young men . 
  no bodybuilders , no frat bros , no millionaires , just nice , handsome young men who did n't attract looks because they had model-like faces or were jacked . 
  yeah , i was so sure portugal would win when the penalty was given , but it turned out different . 
  almer showed some great performances the last years he 's been in the national team . 
  great pick by koller . 
  there were a lot of mistakes and bad performances by austria today , but we 've kept portugal in check and successfully prevented them from scoring . 
  there was some luck involved , but so be it . 
  if we would 've lost , there would have been voices saying `` lost means lost , no excuses '' . 
  so no we can say `` a draw is a draw , no excuses '' . 
  we 've made a really bad entry into the tournament , but i do n't think the word `` useless '' applies to us . 
  boy the us surely enforced their will on the crimea . 
  pretty risky and dangerous statement imo . 
  passivity is commonly agreed to be an overall negative attribute/behaviour . 
  it does n't lead to success . 
  labelling it as `` female attribute '' is absolutist and oversimplifying . 
  of course these trends exist on the ( american ) dating market , and it 's even accepted as the `` should be '' norm by some , but that 's still a very far fetch from saying passiveness is a distinctively female trait . 
  in america probably not . 
  in other places , saying you 're `` pro life '' or against abortions will get you some really weird looks . 
   yes it does . 
  when the majority of girls do n't want you , you 're inferior . 
  girls want a decent dick size because small is less pleasurable , aka inferior . 
  hardly . 
  a man 's worth should n't be measured by how many partners he could attract with his genital size . 
  it 's like saying a car is inferior because it did n't sell well when it was new , but it can still handle well , look great and have great gas mileage . 
  someone can still be a happy owner of it , even though the other model sold ten times better . 
  i know that 's a cliche that of course terpers like to cling to because of their world view , but it 's that very cliche i question . 
  as i said , passivity is commonly agreed on to be negative for life success , and labelling that behaviour as `` typically female '' is risky . 
  just look at where women stand in life today , they go into college , into university , make careers in different fields , become musicians , politicians , engage in various activities , etc. 
  i do n't see any more passivity when i look at the women of my generation than i see in men . 
  dating is a different subject but definitely not the only measurement of a person 's activity . 
  you make claims using your anecdotal evidence to back them up , and i use my anecdotal obversations which built up my beliefs of the world . 
  i absolutely get where you 're coming from , the description of `` the male warrior nature '' and all the evopsych babble , humans being nothing more than animals which have in their mind the survival of their species , defending their pack against violent aggressors , procreating to keep their race alive , etcetera . 
  all i can say is my observations have been different . 
  `` passive '' to me means sitting and waiting , stagnating around and dully watching the world take its turns while others ( the not passive ones ) become active and take things into their hands . 
  to succeed in life , you ca n't remain passive . 
  if you want to make your dreams true , whatever they might be , being passive is not the best approach to do it , often the worst one . 
  i do n't see such a lifestyle from most women - they go to university , learn crafts and have jobs , careers and fields of profession . 
  they cultivate hobbies , friendships and relationships . 
  pretty much like men do . 
  to say that they do n't actually want to do all of this , because they would much rather be passive , is a trp rationalization , much like when somebody points at a woman who has n't left her `` beta '' boyfriend , terpers will say `` that 's just because she has n't met the right alpha stud , but she would if she could '' . 
  as i have said before , when seeking out partners , on the american dating market there is indeed more passive behaviour by women ( at least reddit tells me so ) , but that does n't make it a female trait . 
   i would n't be considered white in europe because i have a lot of romani .
