  you might argue that his motivations were not christian , but it 's out of question that he was christian . 
  the user who wrote the `` no one is helping whites because we do n't have brown skin '' comment just now :, 
   worldnews is getting pretty hilarious of late . 
  bans everywhere as the eurocucks and islamic mods shit the bed . 
  i just wanted to comment that i fully agree with you . 
  the original post - to me - seemed like an almost paranoid horror fantasy of how terrible the modern relationship life is , even going as far as saying it 's necessary to tell your kids to become a `` douchbro '' because the dating market is such a difficult place . 
  what i see in reality is that most men are not `` douchbros '' , but have relationships . 
  so , i guess the whole world should convert to christianity . 
  best thing in the world , huh ? 
  it 's highly unrealistic for putin to take on western europe , would be detrimental to russia 's own good , and europe could defend itself . 
  europe has nukes on its own . 
  i 'm still waiting for a statement of them regarding [ this `` notice of delinquency '' the gop sent to an elderly lady . 
  ] ( http://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/overdue-bill-hype-and-fear-cross-the-line/ ), 
  i read a discussion about the letter in a reddit thread , and the general consensus seemed to be that all addresses mentioned matched the gop/rnc addresses and the phone numbers were real too . 
  this meant that anyone reacting to the letter and sending them money would actually send money to the rnc . 
  so it seems a bit questionable that a scammer would give the victims an address that made the gop receive the money . 
  but there is no proof whether it was a scam or legitimate either . 
  seriously ? 
  no woman on the planet knows what kind of man they find attractive , because they are all stupid animals driven by their hormones ? 
  at least there 's comfort to find in the truth that this is not what all women want in a man . 
  not all women are going to say that because not all women have that requirement in a man . 
  while these kind of shallow women exist , fat , or short , or un-handsome men also get together with women . 
  of course if a woman does n't have these requirements , she is n't gon na say that they want that kind of man . 
  some women give bad advice . 
  some women give good advice . 
  even if i tried i could n't take your quack pseudo-evopsych crap seriously . 
  the truth is most women would not wand the strongest , tallest male specimen they can think of to receive `` superior genetic material '' for their off-spring . 
  even though a lot of women value `` manly traits '' in a partner 's body , it 's not the only aspect for most of them . 
  personality and behaviour ( and not only manly behaviour ) is important to a lot of women , and a short , and even a physically weak man can equally possess manly traits that women can find attractive . 
  a respectable number of women do n't want children and a lot of women would find 6 ' 6 '' uncomfortably tall . 
  tldr : women are not stupid animals , and most do not require the ultimate nazi herrenmensch physical traits in a partner . 
  bitter black pill `` evil womenz want superior genes and nothing else '' theories are not helpful to find the truth . 
  as an outsider , what is the first ballot ? 
  is it relevant to the party convention where the final candidate gets chosen ? 
  he might represent the prototype of a dumb american , but this statement makes him likeable to me . 
  at least he tries to see the best in things and makes up a plan to turn his tattoo into something meaningful to him ... and if he becomes genuinely interested in hungary , this mistake can turn into something positive . 
  of course with that kind of thinking process , you can never prove that there are women who do n't care for that in a man . 
  `` here 's one who does n't look for that '' - `` oh , it 's just because she ca n't get anything better '' . 
  `` here 's a couple and the guy is n't really attractive , and they 're happy together '' - `` noo , she 's just waiting for a better guy to turn up and then she 'll dump her current guy . '', 
  it 's like arguing with birthers . 
  even if you show them obama 's birth certificate , they 'll find reasons to believe it 's fake and that it does n't matter . 
  are you male or female ? 
  hell yeah some guys think like that . 
  not all men are shallow and only value visual attractiveness . 
  what was important here to me is showing the defective thinking philosophy of many posters here . 
  there is no way to change their views that some women are not ruthless , amoral animals that would leave their beloved partner in an instant the moment the super alpha herrenmensch chad came along to inject them with superior sperm . 
  because even if i would show them examples of women staying faithful to their non-perfect men , they will just hamster it away with `` no , she 's not loyal or good , she 's just not able to find a higher quality partner right now '' . 
  it 's fruitless , sadly . 
  the point would be ( not taking their opinion ) that all kinds of women can get male attention and male partnership easily , even if they have birth-defects or are deformed , while unattractive , incel men will never get any kind of attention . 
   you answered your own question . 
  if average women can fuck really good-looking guys , why should they change ? 
  because of the human drive to improve onself ? 
  i try to be the best version of myself as often as i can , and attracting women is only one ouf of many other ( more important ) motives for that . 
  i was going for op 's notion of the stagnant `` quality '' of women in comparison to men . 
  i think op 's statement was a little ambivalent , as he was also lamenting about the stagnant quality of women , and other posters here also addressed this , so it could be seen as a question why women do n't have to lower their standards and improve themselves if they demand the same of men . 
  step 1 : become stem overlord . 
  step 2 : profit . 
   virtually everything we do as human beings is an expression of our biological imperatives and predispositions whether we realize it or not . 
  this is especially apparent in our choice of career , at least for men . 
  for example , why do so many men want to get a lucrative job ? 
  it 's not because they enjoy working 80 hours a week , that 's for sure . 
  no , it 's because somewhere deep down they know having a great high prestige job with a six figure income is going to enhance their sexual success with women . 
  first paragraph of the interview and it 's already pissing me of with all that nonsense rambling and one-sided pseudo-science . 
  i can see how a cuck would say that . 
  now off , to the cuckmobile !, 
   and no , ** people ** are fundamentally different in general . 
  what they find attractive , their motives , and sexual strategies are different . 
  you and i are men , but we are most likely very different in what we find attractive in a woman , what our motives for life are , our likes and dislikes , how we spend our day , and more . 
  do n't you feel like the moron most people think you are yourself when you use that word unironically ? 
  `` trp is n't actually misogynistic . '', 
  faced with misogynistic content from trp . 
  `` noo , you do n't understand . 
  they just wrote that misogynistic stuff there because it 's actually true ! '', 
  what point is to make in that fact ? 
  what 's the opposite ? 
  i disagree . 
  white knighting is a behaviour , and this is a comic which describes a disparity of societal behaviour . 
  ca n't really be compared , which is why i was wondering . 
  are you implying that he only runs the site to gain the attention of women , only because of his looks ? 
  first time i ever hear the claim that clothes in europe are tailored more specifically because of `` similar ethnicity '' . 
  do you have any source for this ? 
  europe also is n't a brave new world like society of completely homogenous people , especially in metropolitan areas , there 's plenty of cultural and ethnical diversity . 
  and the difference in looks still very much exists , there 's still people trp would consider chads and the ones it might consider betas who no women would ever want . 
  wealth differences also exist , but i would say that they hinder dating not because richer people get `` better partners '' , but because different kinds of people attract their own kind . 
  overall i think it 's hard to compare because most wo n't have lived on both continents , and even if they have , one 's own perception can be deceptive . 
  i just saw that episode and completely agree , i despised the secretary for doing that , especially since she 's speaking of her ethical code restraining her from such an action in the beginning . 
  i wonder if it 's possible in reality that the secretary alone could sweep a person off the donor recipents ' list without any intervention , and without a national controversy arising from it . 
  in real life if the secretary had any sort of ethical consciousness remaining , she would retire ( could stamper fire her without the acting president 's decision ? 
  ) , then the incident would 've leaked either through her or other members of her apartment , or the doctor of the person who was pushed down the list . 
  this would trigger a massive outburst and scandal that would at the very least force stamper to take his hat . 
  at least that 's what i like to think . 
  6 seconds is fast for my standards . 
  how do you explain my personal observations of a lot of plain , non-alpha looking men having happy long term-relationships with normal , healthy women in this world ? 
  and no , those women were n't so low-quality that they could n't get anything better . 
  or it 's a good man and a good woman who have found each other and are happy despite their relationship contradicting some relationship theory found on the internet . 
  but i assume that sounds like a conspiracy theory to you . 
  you 've seen your mother 's boobs , might as well touch them ... or kiss them ? 
  in some markets , 4 power windows are not standard . 
  genial !, 
  out of interest , i remember you having posted a few months ago the [ european commission 's statement that eu food legislations wo n't be changed in light of ttip ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/section/agriculture-food/interview/commission-official-the-eu-is-not-going-to-change-its-food-legislation-because-of-ttip/#.vhqw3url5sq.reddit ) .
