  lol , that question would n't even come up in europe . 
  we do n't care about skin color or define ourselves by it as much as americans do . 
  thanks for the laugh haha . 
  some men try to be competitive , some are sportive , but not all . 
  i 'm sure being competitive in their career and other fields can also be a hassle for many men , and many would rather be more passive if they could . 
  and not all men are `` rational '' beings , many of them are emotional . 
  anger is an emotion . 
  i disagree with you , in conclusion . 
  the entire original argument boiled down to women having a `` passive nature '' and passiveness being a `` female trait '' and i called bs on that because i see women being active and actively working at things passionately every day in life . 
  there is no way to convince a typical terper that this is a flawed claim because they will descend to the hamstering arguments of `` these are exceptions '' and `` that 's not what women actually want , even though they 're doing it '' . 
  women do n't actually want to live an active life . 
  they all hate their careers and jobs and only do them because the feminazi school of thought has drilled that idea into their heads . 
  when the door bell rings , they would much rather keep sitting on the couch and let their husband answer the door . 
  when there 's a problem with the neighbor dog being annoying , they would much rather stay passive , do nothing and hope that their husband will talk to the neighbor . 
  even though many women undertake such duties in real life , they have an aversion against it , because of their passive female nature , or they are masculine women . 
  women are child bearers and nurturers , but men are the greater example of humans - they make things !, 
  they are aggressive and invent , create , work in this world . 
  they have a natural warrior spirit and love to fight !, 
  they love video games , fighting and competing in their career . 
  if they do n't want that , they are low t cucks and therefore irrelevant . 
  such a boring , simplified world view . 
  i honestly see no reason to keep on discussing , you 're not going to depart from it . 
  adults can still be immature . 
  i 'd rather spend my time with the left one . 
  i 'm really curious why you thnk it 's a lie ? 
  i do n't like this video . 
  i mean , it 's not a secret that the author is very heavily biased towards a right-wing `` dark enlightenment '' world view and thus the video is no objective assessment on the situation of the western world . 
  it basically boils down to the stupid females ruining our society because they vote left-wing , and do because of their animalistic emotions overriding any logical thought . 
  men on the other hand can think and act with logical reasoning power , which is why patriarchal societies are better in any case . 
  i could go on on the flaws of the video , such as using a completely baseless theory like the 80/20 rule and treating it like it 's a fact . 
  but i hated how he basically used women `` betraying '' their own kind as a reason on why not to give women political power . 
  why did n't he mention that many unpolitical men sided with the nazis ? 
  that men did side with the enemy in case of occupation or aggresion just as women did ? 
  what a horribly one-sided , oversimplifying video . 
  i just want to thank you for this beautiful , detailed and understandable analysis of this video . 
  i thought the same about the bias and heavy agenda of the author and his arguments , but i could n't have phrased it as well as you did . 
  i figured that you posted the video to ( rightfully ) mock it , i just wanted to contribute my opinion on why it 's horrible . 
  that was a strawman . 
  the sky interviewer never claimed that the orlando gunman used an automatic weapon , he said that it was one of a series of mass shootings over the last months , and that there was an ongoing debate about the legality of automatic rifles , both facts which are true as far as i can tell . 
  the interviewer also did n't claim that gun crime/violence was on the rise in the us , yet the interviewee acted as if the sky reporter said both things . 
  okay , then what is the current political debate about ? 
  what are democratic politicians trying to change ? 
  because the sky reporter hinted it had to do with automatic weapons . 
  the democrat sit-in in the house 's purpose was to vote on gun legislation , including enhanced background checks and blocking purchasing for people on the fbi 's watch list . 
  i could n't find any information that automatic weapons were part of this agenda . 
  so the sky interviewer indeed seems to have gotten that one wrong . 
  how many more variations of `` beta '' are terpers going to think of ? 
  i 've heard beta bob , billy beta ... it 's starting to get pretty annoying . 
  you mean they 're better than you because they 're taller or have a bigger dick ? 
  so what did you mean with `` those guys seem much better than me '' ? 
  all those are nuclear powers . 
  the us could n't win an all-out war against them . 
  a land invasion would n't be successful either . 
  this is wrong . 
  russia could n't defeat the eu on its own . 
  this is assumption . 
  the us could hardly fend off hundreds of icbm 's at the same time , and even if just a few major cities would be hit , it would cause the collapse of the entire country , destruction of the economy and a widespread surge in crime rates . 
  please consider hopping off the delusional `` america best country in the world '' train , because in reality , there 's not much to it . 
  i do n't think the us could field an invasion of china in its current form , they do n't have the manpower to do it . 
  and of course it would require the us to turn into a totalitarian dictatorship first , because otherwise the public would revolt and would not allow such an aggressive war ( see : vietnam ) . 
  even then , i hardly see it being possible , as china has more military manpower than any other nation in the world , and even the us nuclear carriers are only helpful in an asymmetrical war , while they are huge targets for submarines in a symmetric war . 
  of course the whole thing is completely hypothetical and unrealistic , as no single country could feasibly wage war against these powers without facing complete destruction of their own land . 
  i do n't see it being possible . 
  i 'm also not sure if the `` sending in human waves without regard to the soldier 's lives '' strategy is possible for a country like russia in today 's times . 
  also , the eu and the nato overlap . 
  excuse me , but in which country a person proposing to ban a whole religious group from entering the country has a good chance of becoming the freakin ' president ? 
  considering a country like you , with over 300 million people , only takes in 10,000 refugees per year , and even that number is contested , even though you share a huge chunk of blame for the horrible war going on in syria , i think there would be good arguments for calling a lot of your racists . 
  and mocking europe for the current refugee crisis , for taking in a huge number of the people seeking help , even though a lot of problems and strife have followed with that , actually reeks of pretty shitty behaviour if you ask me . 
  charges : drug paraphernalia-possess/use, 
  even though some women might initially be attracted to such a man , most people will turn away from you after a while if you are abusive and asshole-ish more often than a few times . 
  putting on such a behaviour will make you a lonely , unhappy and miserable person sooner or later . 
  wow , i 'm surprised you 're such an asshole . 
  is was created through a power vacuum in iraq after the us invasion . 
  close to 200,000 innocent civilians were killed there since the us invasion , which is more suffering than the people who came to europe over the last year will ever cause to us . 
  this conflict is a reason the western world - predominantly the us under bush - shares a huge chunk of blame for the suffering of the people in the middle east . 
  yet you call people who leave this place in hope of a better life - most of them being peaceful people - `` animals '' . 
  that 's just disgraceful . 
  but i guess if there 's enough of the likes of you with the attitude of `` fuck you , got mine '' in your country , a person like trump has a really good chance of becoming president . 
  have fun !, 
  interview a guy from the heritage foundation : `` this is a sign that european style socialism is dying , and that is healthy for all '' . 
  sure , buddy . 
  love how you put the blame on obama , i do n't think obama illegally invaded iraq on false premises causing the middle east to go up in flames only for cheney and other `` monsters '' in the administration to make some big bucks . 
  no it 's not the fault of the average american , but america shares a responsibility both as a world power and as the cause of a lot of suffering and grief imo . 
  the human life lost by racial islam in the countries you named is still far less than the lives lost by non-muslim americans killing each other with the gun devices . 
  i think islamism is a serious problem , but we wo n't solve it a bit by openly opposing islam . 
  wow , i 'm pretty shocked by your stance overall . 
  and you 're a gamer according to your name ... i actually thought that reactionary views , racism and xenophobia were dying out in young people ( gamers ) today ... boy i was wrong . 
  sounds like a wonderful relationship you got yourself there . 
  this guy is a freakin ' joke , literally saying right here that `` women are stupider than men and i 'm superior to them , but do n't be sad , women are still smarter than animals '' . 
  how people like him still exist to this day and age is beyond me . 
  the way you found my comment by going through my history is comical too . 
  so why are houses and garages so much cheaper in america ? 
  cheap labour costs ? 
  oh and now i realize i voted for trump who proposed an even stronger military , shiiiiiit . 
  murdering civilians because a relative was a terrorist is a criminal act everywhere , call someone sjw or not . 
  these misanthropic comments are worldnews at its best . 
  then again , it 's a bit strange because i 've heard other music in that sub . 
  when it was about the israel critic norman finkelstein , there were dozends of comments against israel , callng it a terror state and more , in worldnews . 
  shootings kill a lot more people than those who died on 9/11 . 
  really ?
