  all in all it just shows that different people have different amounts of sex , not that it 's harder for men . 
  not quite as awesome as a lot of people 's ? 
  the 330 is a monster engine by european standards . 
  every nation 's population loves their cars . 
  they do n't really chose to be brainwashed , they do n't realize it . 
  they think that stuff they find on the internet are lies , those rapes are isolated incidents that have nothing to do with america 's right and just path , etc. 
  university education is free in some european nations . 
  oh you 're right , looks like trp is right after all . 
  time to change sides . 
  m'riding my bike like a true gentlesire , unlike those plebs with their dirty motorcars . 
  they are being surrounded by the nato though . 
  western governments are war-mongering and fuelling this conflict as well . 
  resolution 758 in the us congress is just one example . 
  i 'm not a fan of putin . 
  but it sure as hell was n't russia who has fought most of the wars over the last decades . 
  true , but a great portion of eastern ukraine 's population is eager to move closer to russia 's sphere . 
  nato has been anything else than just a defensive alliance in its history . 
  it wo n't invade russia , but if russia feels threatened , then that 's a feeling we have to deal with , no matter how often we say nato wo n't be a danger . 
  russia has bombed ukraine ? 
  when ? 
  no , i 'm saying they 're trying to protect their influence on ukraine and they 're feeling threatened because nato countries are surrounding them . 
  by the way , this is n't only my opinion but also the opinion of a renowned political scientist . 
  this is precisley true . 
  france does n't have an immigration problem , but a post-immigration problem . 
  it 's the second and third generations of immigrants that are turning increasingly extremist . 
  islamists support neither political left nor political right . 
  many of them are unemployed , or do n't have any perspectives for their future . 
  islamic fundamentalism is also on the rise world-wide , which is why many of them get caught in there . 
  of course , islamic fundamentalists originate from poor as well as wealthy families . 
  9/11 is a perfect example , bin laden and mohammad atta came from wealthy families , while many of the other hijackers were from poorer social classes . 
  he lived in the 7th century , it was a totally different time . 
  the problem is some muslims take his life as a perfect example on how to live today . 
  yeah well , what can you do . 
  like i said , the problem is n't that he had a 9 year old bride , the problem is that too many people take him as a role model today . 
  that 's why marrying underage is legal in saudi-arabia or iran today . 
  that wo n't stop billions of people on the planet from following islam . 
  we just have to accept that history developed that way , but at the same time make clear that sex with underage persons is unacceptable in our time . 
  driving a storm trooper must be awesome . 
  the original poster asked how a muslim could rationalize that he married a 6 year old , to which i answered , he lived in a different time in which this was a normal practice , unlike today . 
  that 's why the problem is not the marriage itself , but that people take it as an example in today 's times . 
  i think that 's actually great humour . 
  it 's actually faster on the track than a porsche cayman . 
  it 's a sporty light coupe , like a bmw z4 or an audi tts , it was n't meant as an american v8 cruiser . 
  wow , i did n't know finland was that expensive too . 
  what 's the tax on new cars ? 
  i know that it 's 180 percent of the purchasing price in denmark . 
  that 's because it is n't really . 
  yup , if you 're 26 and still have n't laid off your bad habits , you might as well kill yourself right now . 
  mr. yukawa . 
   but every train wreck loser i know is 100 % convinced they are awesome . 
  i do n't know about the people you know , but i know about so many people who are unhappy with their lives , and absolutely hate themselves for being unhappy and unsuccessful . 
  there are so many people being in self-hate and it 's a terribly destructive and unhealthy thing . 
  self-acceptance is something a lot of people should learn and it does n't help when some jacked-up guy says `` look at my 15-year old loser self with his c-grades and wow habit ! '', 
  what people instead should learn is to think ' i might not be as successful as some certain other people , but that 's ok , i accept myself and i 'm not a loser . ', 
  being of similar weight and height than you , i actually do n't want to get more muscular . 
  i feel that if my body would get more broad , it would actually make me look even shorter . 
  chrome line !, 
  this made me sad ... 
  `` i am humble , in fact , i 'm the most humble person in the world ! '', 
  living in a country with abnormally high taxes and being forced to pay them . 
  i read on some site which defended the high costs of driving in denmark that every young dane living outside of cities will be able to afford the taxes and costs because apparently all danes are wealthy . 
  this is the article i meant :, 
  [ http://www.copenhagenize.com/2012/10/danish-180-tax-on-cars-is-rather.html] ( http://www.copenhagenize.com/2012/10/danish-180-tax-on-cars-is-rather.html ), 
  especially this paragraph :, 
   out in the distant provinces , when a young person - usually a young man - turns 18 the first thing he does is pay the $ 2000 fee for a driving licence course and then , upon successful completion , buys a car . 
  so cars are not inaccessbile to danes when 18 year olds can afford them . 
  it kinda reminds me of [ this ] ( http://www.imcdb.org/vehicle_197359-honda-civic-eg-1992.html ) . 
  where is this from originally ? 
  a civic type r is n't just to get from point a to point b. 
  apparently on some versions they also light up when coming near the max rev range , as seen here :, 
  [ ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o42ac4rtnlo ), 
  that 's very offensive and a horrible comment honestly . 
  you think you can read people 's minds ? 
  you can think you can read someone psyche within minutes and immediately see the reason why someone is angry ? 
  no you ca n't . 
  you just assume it based on your skewed view . 
  your ` decades ' of experience are skewed . 
  if you see a tall person who is mad , you do n't even notice it . 
  you just think `` oh look , there 's a person who is mad . '', 
  if someone who is short is mad you think `` oh look at him , napoleon complex ! '', 
  because of your skewed perception . 
  so rethink you views and stop using offensive terms like napoleon complex , which in fact is n't even based on any actual science . 
  as another user said , it 's discriminatory and offensive against a huge number of people . 
  it 's the same as saying ` black people will hate you for being white ' or ` homosexuals will hate you for being straight ' . 
  you 're insulting a huge number of people you do n't even know . 
  it 's called group-focused enmity and it 's inacceptable . 
  great comment , i agree . 
  it appears cops in america want to dress like soldiers , because they want to be soldiers , so they should be prosecuted like soldiers . 
  so why does n't the supreme court do anything ? 
  i would n't want 4chan take over america either , there are sick people there as well . 
  what would the army do if 50 million americans would revolt ? 
   why should they ? 
  because it 's the supreme courts job to detect and eradicate violations to the constitution , is n't it ? 
  i just meant that in theory the american people together should have more power than an oppressive government . 
  `` chad , stop it ! '', 
  screams his girlfriend when chad beats up the nerd . 
  sounds like a mafia thug . 
  so you 're implying the surpeme court is corrupt ? 
  that 's a pretty serious accusation . 
  they have done some good things , for example in the case of pregnancy abortion , so perhaps there 's hope for this matter as well .
