  not saying they should take in all refugees , but they do have some responsibility . 
  surely you have heard of the principle that the person who makes the claim should be in the position to cite sources . 
  thank you - this proves my assumption that your initial statement `` muslims as a whole want to use western democracy to install a theocratic government '' is false . 
  this is grossly simplified and imo completely wrong , but i wo n't go into it further , you do n't seem like a person who can be convinced otherwise at all . 
  the irony is that the makers of this racist clickbait would love to ban gay parades and get homosexuals out of the visible public themselves if they had the chance . 
  homophobia in muslim demographics is a serious problem , and so is homophobia and racism of non-muslim right-wing - as you put it - chauvinist demographics . 
  the video author claims that the left wing is run by zionists and that `` feminism has destroyed our family values and birth rates '' , and the comments section has , among others , people saying they 'll be glad if `` at least leftists and liberals die too '' , that hollywood and other media follow a global plan to destroy europe by interracial marriages , that the `` arab zombie horde '' is a `` jewish conspiracy '' and one guy has the name of an ss military unit as his user name . 
  i hate the use of the word `` cuck '' . 
  is n't going with the flow and adopting the new super popular internet term because everyone else does too , a very non-alpha thing to do ? 
  that 's too bad , this is top grade sas material . 
  it was very similar in austria . 
  the christian conservatives used a coup to end democracy and install a fascist dictatorship to eliminate their social democratic opposition in 1934 . 
  the last two are entangled with the first two . 
  but you can * power slide * in a fwd car . 
  general electric stops for no one !, 
  with a population with a unproportionally high number of males , a great number of males will be unable to have a partner , at least simultaneously . 
  i wonder how this could not be a recipe for violence and disharmony on a national level , not even mentioning the harm it puts on the individual ? 
  i do hope so . 
  the whole crisis we have today , including all the political struggles it brings , are really stressing me out right now . 
  but m has died ... 
  does ppp account for the cost of health care and education ? 
  and what also should be added to these numbers is the fact that a big chunk of western europe was coming out of the ruins of a world war 70 years ago . 
  except he ca n't disengage everything , for example someone coming at him from behind and killing him . 
  who are `` they '' ? 
  and european countries are not that `` homogenous '' . 
  immigrants from asia have lived here in larger numbers since the 50 's . 
  am i the only one shocked at the right-wing circlejerk this whole thread is ? 
  do you mean the men s. . . the exhaust of the car they pick randomly ? 
  come one now , some yanks are fine dandys . 
  ah , this reminds me on a comment written in this sub , on the same topic . 
  it was like `` bravely defending the interests of [ some companies of the military-industrial complex and oil companies ] '' . 
  can anyone remember it ? 
  one thing that strikes me as odd is that even though americans make slightly more money on average , the prices of goods and services are still lower , according to your essay . 
  is n't this kind of contradictory , since having to pay your employees more also means the products you sell will be more expensive ? 
  of course there 's the argument that labour is cheaper in america because of less additional labour costs ( such as mandatory social security and retirement assurance in european countries ) , and a lot of low-paid workers in america make less than low-paid workers in europe ( which means cheaper labour ) , but with the generally slightly higher wages , would n't these factors balance each other out , meaning equal consumer prices compared to europe ? 
  and would n't the higher labour costs and higher consumer prices balance each other out in europe , because while your wage is lower ( because of mandatory social security ) , you do n't have to spend it on private social security or medical insurance , and thus have more expenable money ? 
  euro truck rpg . 
  thanks the long response . 
  of course i was aware of the median vs. mean difference , and that not only a tiny percentage of americans have good incomes , but a great part down to the middle as well , make quite a lot of money . 
  so living a middle class life in america sounds pretty good - the potential income can be excellent , and at the same time many products and services are cheap because there 's also a great proportion of the population with very little income working for you . 
  how are some lottery results even relevant to / r/news ? 
  what is a `` ableist neurotypicalist `` progressive '' '' person ? 
  do bonobos also practice this behaviour ? 
  i 've been watching this fella for some time , and yes , he 's a right-wing third reich-simpering stormfront subscriber-type of guy and probably a downright holocaust denier underneath , just like you said . 
  screw him . 
  `` hey fellow middle class white people , i do n't want to feel guilty so i assume the negroes are lazy and take drugs and deserve to live in the ghetto . '', 
  the netherlands is a small , homogenous country , totally not comparable to the us , which has about 400 million people of completely different origins , races and cultures , plus you probably do n't realize the us is huuuge . 
  texas alone is like one half of the eu . 
  i was kinda amused by the old grey-haired lady on the right . 
  should n't she know better at that age ? 
  should n't liberals be for more gun rights ? 
  aka liberal -  more gun liberty . 
  `` i do n't want to give 90 % of my income to him '' . 
  what he actually meant is `` i do n't want to redistribute 90 % of my income to my fellow americans who need health care '' . 
  as it would be as much as 90 % anyways . 
  dem culture of entitlement !!, 
  it 's because of their thick skin , they can laugh away criticism and mocking without trying to rationalize their illogical system . 
  it 's because the also like to put on their combat gear , grab their barrett m82 and play sniping terrorists in the backyard , just like they did in cod : whatever part there currently is . 
   just about every major industry , trade , war , or treaty in modern times has been touched ( for better or worse ) by ** pretty much every country out there ** and has been influenced by it . 
  yes , and that is called globalization . 
  even though that 's true , it 's not a `` cultural win '' imo . 
  i watch an american movie because i 'm interested in it , because it 's well made . 
  not because of cultural domination . 
  market forces at win here - if it 's good , i 'm interested in it . 
  nu-uuuh , do n't you understand they develop medicine for all over the world to use \u2122 with that money ? 
  `` tech savy '' what is that even supposed to mean ? 
  that they like their iphones ? 
  i do n't know , i 'd say knowing how to use a pc or smartphone does n't make you a tech expert , pretty much every young person knows that these days . 
  and reddt is a pretty popular site , and even if few people use it , it does n't mean they are savy because they found it . 
  master stem genius who sits in the dark with his pc screen lighting his face in green comes to mind when i think of tech savy . 
  his super innovative stem invention is on the way soon , in his dreams . 
  it 's done with good intentions . 
  imagine it would split in half like this in the open sea . 
  wow , you 're easily one of the biggest morons i 've encountered on reddit . 
  wear it proudly , moron . 
  that really depends . 
  yes , owning a car is n't as necessary everywhere in europe as it is in most of the us , but there are also many places where you need a car in europe , because public transportation is a hassle in the countryside and you do n't want to take the bus as an adult person . 
  and of course there 's people who like cars here , and some are really annoyed by the high taxes in some countries . 
  but denmark is one extreme example and danes really do n't live horrible lives . 
  i know it 's not popular in germany , i just meant that knowing and using it does n't mean you know tech . 
  that reminds me of that one simpsons episode where bart drives a tank and points the tank 's gun at the church , and then the reverend says `` no !, 
  jesus lives there !, 
  sure , i agree . 
  only our definitions of tech savy differed . 
  yup , they can not ever fathom that not all men want a woman with `` wide hips and big tits '' ( quoting them ) . 
  i 'm for one not really caring about breast size . 
  do n't understand your second paragraph , can you elaborate ? 
  get your annoying height neurosis out of reddit . 
  you 're not welcome here . 
  so basically that means the feminists ' complaints are totally justified , because men indeed rate weight and looks over all . 
  how about `` you 're lucky to have found each other '' . 
  your whole posts makes it seem as painting a war between the male and the female sex where women as a whole are trying to `` divcorce rape '' the entire male species , when in fact these are just definitions applied to a huge number of inhomogeneous people . 
  a person who is a woman can be beneficial to another person who is a man in many other ways than just giving sex and the desire of most men will not disappear in thin air because many women have had lots of partners . 
  why would you even be interested in a woman with such rather dumb standards ? 
  just because she 's hawt ? 
  how do you look like , dude ? 
  are you the epitome of ugliness ? 
  because according to you , one can not be unattractive enough to qualify as `` real loser '' . 
  not cool . 
  attack his positions , not his appearance .
