  exactly , pretty sure there 's not all that many women turning to psychologists in afghanistan . 
  an `` average '' looking person can easily become stunningly gorgeous to the one who falls in love with him/her . 
  you sound like dr. steinman from bioshock . 
  is that what you define as beauty ? 
  i have a first generation i5 , an i5-750 . 
  will that be good enough ? 
  not singapore though , fuckin ' expensive . 
  last night as i lay on my pillow ... 
  that 's kinda sad . 
  [ http://money.cnn.com/2014/06/11/news/economy/middle-class-wealth/] ( http://money.cnn.com/2014/06/11/news/economy/middle-class-wealth/ ), 
  a canadian simpering towards the us ... that you do n't see every day . 
  thread of the month easily , hahaha !, 
   male genitalia , the giver of life ? 
  oh great , a magazine i 've never heard of is now defining beauty . 
  stop spouting this unpatriotic shit , if he sleeps under a highway it 's his own fault . 
  if we 'd provide free housing for our vets , the commies would 've won . 
  do n't you understand brave men in uniform died for your freedom ? 
   and let me guess , yours is in . . 
  political science !? 
  or one of those other bullshit majors that tells you to just sit around and bitch all day while other people go out and work hard . 
  shit ... that one hits home . 
  surprised ... or glad because the prisons are privatized and they actually make money out of prisoners ? 
  but shrinking at the same time . 
  stagnating real wages , growing wealth disparity , it 's all there . 
  germany is no safe haven . 
  as an american , we laugh at these socialist sardine tins because we can afford our own v8 trucks . 
  we are filthy rich . 
  the first sentence of this commrnt is just irritatingly stupid . 
  this has bothered me for so long . 
  i often see us news reports about bizarre crimes/felonies , and every time , the person 's name and even full mugshot is shown , even if it 's for a thing like `` masturbating in public '' . 
  do they not care that this could destroy the person 's life , because it could seriously hinder them at getting a job , or worse ? 
  it would be unthinkable in germany or austria . 
  the school agreed to pay her money , but it admitted no wrongdoing . 
  also this means the police probably still keeps her photos , which is weird in the first place . 
  only in comparison shots like this you realize the lancer is a pretty tall car . 
  the guy you 're discussing with is someone appearing dangerously close to what one could rightly call a holocaust denier , having written rather creepy stuff such as `` there is actually no evidence hitler knew of the holocaust '' . 
  it would advise to generally ignore him . 
  i 've play a bit of morrowind alright . 
  but what i describe is inconsistent and probably bugged . 
  why is every single house closed ? 
   australia . 
  an island where you can control import of guns very easily . 
  usa , connected to mexico . 
  ca n't compare the two . 
  the atf found that most guns in mexico actually come from the us . 
  perhaps mexico should dig an ocean on the us border . 
  what do you mean with the voting system ? 
  you mean the single winner system ? 
  just for others to see here : this is not actually happening in austria . 
   next time you are visiting prague , vienna or belfast , bunch of people around you will be armed . 
  not on themselves . 
  a tiny amount of people might have a gun in their home . 
  any compassion will be beaten out of you by your di . 
  * ooorah ... *, 
   hmm , who should we believe ? 
  perhaps not right-wing propaganda bullshit like fox news ? 
  i 've checked out the source article , which is from `` oe24 '' , a known low-quality tabloid paper . 
  there is no quoted source for the alleged `` mad rush '' in gun purchases , nor is there a source for the main reasons people are purchasing them . 
  and it 's highly questionable that their reason is `` solely to survive '' , as people can only store guns in their homes and there is no rise in violence or murder rates . 
  so yeah again , for others to see here : the other poster is just a right-wing fear monger . 
  do n't buy into it . 
  and there is no reliable source for this apparent `` mad rush '' of gun purchases , nor that the reason of gun purchases is this `` swarm of refugees '' you speak of . 
  pro tip : you 're making yourself look like an idiot by continuing posting this fear-mongering bullshit . 
  as stated in the documentary , it 's a long process that has to be passed by many experienced health professionals , not everbody gets granted it , and even in this country it 's controversial . 
  perhaps the documentary makers did n't want to expose too much of her personal problems ? 
  she spoke with doctors and psychologists and apparently these professionals agreed her suffering was inacceptable . 
  and assuming that `` good looking '' equals `` your life ca n't be that bad '' is inherently wrong imo . 
  why do you think good looking equals happiness ? 
  do n't you see there 's more reasons for depression than just `` i 'm ugly '' or `` i ca n't find someone who 'd like to bang me '' ? 
  you sound like a 13 year old 9gag user . 
  as i 've said before , there are no credible sources to what you claim . 
  please stop responding now . 
  well yeah , but that 's also the case in westminster systems like the uk . 
  so they 're not the only one . 
  you do n't need a license to own a gun in texas . 
  self-consciousness is n't the only root of depression , nor does `` good looking '' mean you ca n't have issues with your self-consciousness . 
  being deformed is n't the only reason for depression either . 
  mental problems can be just as hard to fix as physical imperfections . 
  i do n't think you 're a psychologist , so you ca n't judge as which mental issue can or can not be fixed . 
  it would be acceptable if you said suicide in general is not right , but you draw an arbitrary line saying `` being ugly is real bad , but mental problems are n't that bad and do not qualify for suicide '' . 
  which is pretty dumb because you can not judge how the woman in the video really felt . 
   im all for suicide if you quality of life is like terrible and its hard to live . 
  and that 's the point . 
  experienced health professionals a lot smarter and more skilled than you are deciding on whether a person 's suffering is unbearable or not in belgium . 
  and not only deformed people qualify . 
  is this like the american tradition of saying `` i make `` x '' k dollars a year '' ... only with karma ? 
  i would n't call the marines an elite unit . 
  they have nearly 200,000 members and while the training is probably harder than that of the us army , i would call the seals or the army deltas an elite unit . 
  it 's not exclusively red pill , there is also some racism and other weird shit involved . 
  it 's part of some `` anti refugee '' thread and i just found it horrible and wanted to do something . 
  and yet this is trp 's definition # 401,461,308 of what `` alpha '' means . 
  now it is : looking like a male fitness model and thus get many many tinder matches . 
  even if your dick is tiny . 
  but that is exactly what trp is preaching . 
  men must approach , and females must say yes or no . 
  men want sex , and many men are sexually frustrated because women do n't give them sex . 
  women only give sex to the top 20 % of men or so ( the alphas ) . 
  yes , i know . 
  it 's just what trp thinks . 
  or more precise : women do have sex with more than 20 % of all men , but only with the top 20 % they do it because they really want to , the rest just gets sex in exchange for being a provider ( alpha fux , beta bux ) .
