  it 's all fine . 
  no one here is your enemy . 
  perhaps that is true , but i am not to judge . 
  looks like you own a big ass proberty brah . 
  the french brands are biggest on smaller , economic cars , not because that 's they only thing they can do . 
  even in europe , french brand luxury cars did n't sell all to well in the recent past ( the renault latitude is one example ) so they largely pulled out of that category because they 're a lot more successful with smaller cars . 
  of course that is n't the reason they are not sold in the us . 
  the reason is the brands pulled out of the us sector and therefore , logically they do n't make any cars suited to american tastes - not because they could n't . 
  that of course does not mean french cars are bad cars - french makers are especially renown for their great diesel engines . 
  and as already said , they can do more than little econoboxes . 
  the renault megane rs is a great example of a sporty , great to drive and fast around the track hot hatch . 
  the peugeot rcz is a light , luxurious and pretty powerful sports coupe . 
  the 308 is what we call a `` premium compact car '' - a car comparable to the vw golf , well equipped , comfortable to drive and more economical than most american cars . 
  and of course many of them are not underpowered . 
  and do n't forget , he did extensive studies and even wrote papers on this subject !, 
  i did papers on this , you fools !, 
  you better believe me !, 
  white flag out of hood !, 
   also , the food hygiene standards are far higher in europe . 
  not much longer it appears ... ttip : /, 
  beats everything :, 
  `` muslim migrants are already raping children in europe . 
  this is what happens to pc liberals that ignore evil . '', 
  i thought homogeny was good because they explain all their violence and education problems with not enough homogeny ? 
  the patriot act is named that way because it 's patriotic . 
  do you support it , or do you hate america ? 
  `` yes they do , it 's called trickle down you friggin ' commie . '', 
  thatcher is n't liked in the uk ? 
  not even with the conservative crowd ? 
  to be honest french economy is n't doing all to well , is it ? 
  reminds me when i read a comment from some smartass about everything happening to you when you were younger . 
  i still think of that , even though it happened when i was younger . 
  of course , hell it 's 10 bucks , just get it . 
  forza 4 has more cars than any other forza game . 
  i would n't mind 20 different versions of the same car - in addition , not as a replacement to different cars . 
  and i 'm willing to bet a respetable number of e36 hooners do n't have m3 's . 
  a 328 is a sporty , fast car in my opinion , and the upgrading would be the fun part . 
  even for a non-e36 guy . 
  sadly they took out the used car market , it was such a great feature . 
  i 'd still rather have real used cars . 
  i loved the used car market in gran turismo 4 , and even a e36 m3 with like 20,000 miles would be worth a lot today . 
  and credits are n't worth much . 
  you even get credits for doing time attacks , which is just going to a track and doing laps alone . 
  i would love to get paid for that , haha . 
  that is true . 
  has been corrected . 
   in general : dynamic weather for all tracks , dynamic time ( day/night ) for all tracks ,, 
  that is n't true . 
  gt6 does not feature weather and day/night for all tracks . 
  not exclusively . 
  one forza staff member even said once to the press , it 's a game to appeal to different kinds of car enthusiasts . 
  that 's why it has such an extensive visual customization feature , because while some want to race , others want to create beautiful designs for their cars . 
  it also has drifts , which are not exactly racing . 
  ... is the best color ever . 
  i encountered a person in a youtube comment section who seriously thought like this . 
  he literally wrote `` who honestly needs poor people ? '', 
  several times . 
  some humans are simply not worth the air they consume . 
  the problem is many poor people can only afford unhealthy food in america . 
  basically , the m54 is a series of six-cylinder engines made by bmw which was put in the e46 series of cars also made by bmw ( the successor of the e36 we were talking about in the comments before ) , and also in some other models . 
  the poster above wishes the engine would 've been available for the e36 as well . 
  how is n't she ashamed of herself . 
  well , i did n't get too many hugs during my teen years and i 'm still far from being a sociopath . 
  but yes , i agree that it definitely does n't hurt . 
  hate to be mean , but why did you buy this crap in the first place ? 
  i spent money on forza , but only after carefully examining that it would n't suck before buying it . 
  except for that one case where a woman who had a car accident ran to the cops looking for help and was shot instead . 
  if only there was some kind of measure the government could take to make its people less dumb . 
  you do n't have to say anything , just grab your bag/backpack , straigthen your upper body or move your body otherwise , and the person next to your will realize and will move away . 
  european 1998 ford focus had abs as standard on all versions , same with 1997 european vw golf . 
  in the vw polo ( even smaller car ) , it became standard in 1996 . 
  i guess the cops did n't want to disturb the pedestrians crossing . 
  all the cars these arab millionaires crave for are made by companies of the infidel world . 
  a saudi-arabian or qatari company has never managed to produce a sophisticated piece of engineering such as a lamborghini aventador or a mercedes-benz c-class amg . 
  well cops can only do something if these douches do something illegal , right ? 
  you ca n't arrest someone for reving up the engine of their lambo . 
   siphoning as many commodities as needed until , soon , it is n't needed anymore, 
  why is n't it needed anymore soon ? 
  because they 'll run out of oil ? 
  of course it also is n't nearly as prestigious and world-centric as london . 
  but it looks soooo comfy . 
  but they do have backup plans . 
  they are buying up prestigious football clubs . 
  yep , that is true . 
  i laughed a little when i saw that one guy with his x-bow in the video . 
  arab oil money going into austrian pockets . 
  0.5 litres of coke cost 1 euro at a vending machine in central europe . 
  1.5 litres cost 1.39 euros at a super market . 
  the government that has murdered its president would no longer be around . 
  obama could declassify these documents , because it was n't him who murderd the president , but lyndon b. johnson ( just an example ) . 
  that 's not always true though . 
  for example , the treatment of native americans is well known today , even though they were n't the victors . 
  a case to trust the established academic field of history . 
  allied war crimes in ww2 , such as the bombings of german cities are also fiercely discussed and not forgotten today . 
  nobody gets jailed for questioning certain facts about the holocaust . 
  people who get thrown in prison are serial holocaust deniers , who repeatedly , over many many years , firmly deny the holocaust , even making money with it , such as by writing books , going to questionable conferences and making speeches . 
  david irving was thrown into prison after denying the holocaust for 30 years . 
  til i held my board like a shield . 
  but why would a laser bolt prevent them from being vault dwellers ? 
  you just ... dwell .
