  what does that have to do with his belief that women can like rough sex and still be feminists ? 
  he can believe that regardless whether he 's `` chad '' or not . 
  this is the song about a boxer , i believe it was called `` who killed davey moore '' , i remember if from english class back in school . 
  my impression was that bpremium meant the op of this post when he said `` he 's chad tier '' and you responded that he ( op ) is not chad but similar to average guys who feel the need to dominate someone . 
  if i 'm wrong , what did you want to say with your comment ? 
  so the `` lowest common denominator '' and the need for dominance would be against low-value rp guys these posters mock , or what ? 
  okay . 
  i can totally imagine that such people exist , who use the vehicle feminism just to get a better standing with women and hopefully get their dicks wet one day . 
  just a note aside , there used to be a lot of overlap with the nice guys sub and r/fatpeoplehate , so not all of the posters there are women-worshipping feminists . 
  but while i concede such people exist , i have n't experienced the op of this thread to be one . 
  i 've been reading a lot of quality posts from him , mostly reasonable stuff about trp and relationships that i can fully agree on . 
  i 've never seen him unreasonably defend women . 
  while i believe that `` defending women '' is something understandable when you deal with some terpers , almost no one in reality says a thing like `` women are wonderful beings '' , this seems to be a trp fantasy . 
  ( in my experience ), 
  really awesome . 
   school was a training ground for me to learn how to perform masculinity ; to perform to be one of the guys . 
  i thought one point of feminism and fighting against patriarchal rules is that even men should not feel the obligation to fulfill gender roles anymore ? 
  some men simply do n't have stoic personalities and will not be happy emulating them long-term . 
  there was a great exchange on this i saved in my bookmarks , on how naturally submissive men wo n't achieve happiness by trying to emulate the dominant male . 
  i will never forget that clown . 
  his death saved us all !, 
  do they really expect us to swallow this ? 
  from the quotes op took from this pamphlet , gender is not mentioned , or am i mistaken ? 
  so this could refer to a girl needing to get verbal consent as well as to a guy . 
  words have meanings , unless it 's trp saying it . 
  do n't put words in our mouth , `` women are children '' does not mean `` women are children '' !, 
  patriarchy can also mean men have the vast bulk of the power in this world . 
  being a doormat is a horrible advice for men and women . 
  most women do n't find it attractive as you said and both men and women and further genders will be taken advantage of if they are doormats . 
  being submissive does not mean being a doormat . 
  a man could be a charismatic , respected and confident guy in his daily life and once he 's in the bedroom , mommy can take care of him ( or whatever he likes to call his partner if he 's submissive ) . 
  i just took issue when you said men should try to emulate male movie heroes . 
  that 's simply not good for every man out there . 
  like , some men are just not stoic and overly strong and protective . 
  not every man is james bond , and that 's okay . 
  it 's not like these alpha action hero dudes are the only type of man that a woman can find attractive . 
  in general , do n't try to emulate a character , find your niche . 
  there 's millions of men out there who are just average , they are not extremely stoic , they get angry and cry from time to time . 
  they are not abandoned because of that . 
  at least that 's my observation . 
  pretty sure most french simply do n't care because af/bb is a rare occurrence in the real world . 
  i 'm reporting back to you because i found a scientific article that included an older demographic , and similar results : men found a larger variety of women attractive compared to women , in regards to height :, 
   after this weighting , a t test indicates that women -- as theory and previous research suggest -- are more likely to indicate that height matters in seeking a date than men ( 57.1 % vs. 40.0 % ; p < .001 ; t = 7.9 ; degrees of freedom = 2,064 ; cohen 's d = .35 ) . 
  it is also worth noting who did not care about the height of their date . 
  among men greater height is positively correlated with stating that they will date women of any height ( r = .14 ; p < .01 ; n = 4521 ) whereas the opposite is true for women : greater height was negatively correlated with stating that they will date men of any height ( \u2212 .07 ; p < .05 ; n = 466 ) . 
  even though these effects are small , they are significant , confirming the reality of the gender effect of height . 
  for example , among men , only 1.3 % want to only date women taller than them whereas 13.5 % want to only date women shorter than them . 
  but among women 1.7 % wanted to only date men shorter than them whereas 48.9 % wanted to only date men taller than them . 
  the average of the observed demographic was 36 yrs . 
  and even in 20 years it will be much wealthier and have a much higher living standard than se asia . 
   in sociology , patriarchy is a social system in which males hold primary power and predominate in roles of political leadership , moral authority , social privilege and control of property . 
  males hold the vast bulk of power , they are not a united force opposing women 's liberation . 
  so what does a product manager do and what education do you need to be one ? 
  i do n't believe that 's true . 
  feminists have also emphasized that patriarchy is a system that is upheld and supported by people of both genders . 
  the same goes for concepts like toxic masculinity , there 's also women saying things like boys should not cry or a man who does n't fight his enemies is a pussy . 
  of course there 's some insane radfems who say only men are responsible for everything bad or something similar , but i 'd wager they are not the majority . 
  * sobs *, 
  `` just concentrate on other things ! '', 
  or in my case i hear `` do n't take antidepressants , they 're just for the drug industry to make massive amounts of cash ! '', 
  what 's wrong with going to bed late ? 
  yeah , it 's true that a lot of people formed friend circles from high school and possibly college and these circles often stay somewhat the same , and then people start families and have less time for friends . 
  but on the other hand , people constantly move to other cities or other countries and need to make new friends later in life , so all hope is not lost . 
  are n't you german ? 
  awkward small-talk at the coffeemaker and awkward silence while standing in the elevator . 
  i think the statistic that showed that 40 % of wives outearn their husbands today is a clear indicator that hypergamy , while it exists , is a societal thing . 
  women sought partners from a higher class because they could n't work for a long time of history and this was their only chance of achieving a better lifestyle . 
  now , things are changing even though men still make more on average . 
  but it clearly shows that hypergamy is not a biological feature of female sexuality . 
  why the downvote though ? 
  as a matter of fact i do ... 
  you missed a spot . 
  i thought you were supposed to bend your knees and let your legs do most of the lifting . 
  the same thing needs to be done with the `` i sleep in a racing car '' , because that one is overused as hell . 
  yeah who knew i just need to get a `` fulfilling career '' to feel good . 
  do you think it 's the woman 's job to take care of the household , clean , vacuum , iron and cook ? 
  so who 's the lucky woman ? 
  lol really good one . 
  ok , at least you are consequent . 
  because i would not accept a woman saying that it 's a man 's job to pay for dates while at the same time shying away from traditional woman 's duties because `` why should i have to do that ? '' . 
  that would 've been hypocritical . 
  it 's hip to be square !, 
  so often one of [ these ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5e/97-03_pontiac_grand_prix_gtp_coupe.jpg ) . 
  seriously , i have explored a lot of detroit suburbs in google maps and for whatever reason there 's so many pontiacs from the 90 's there . 
  i disagree . 
  i love that he seems upset by this , haha . 
  now , uh , people , there 's been some confusion about our bird-sighting rules . 
  you can not count birds that you 've seen at the zoo , on stamps or in dreams . 
   i agree but i do n't think that not being a terrible person is good enough . 
  for a lot of women , being a good person is absolutely not required for a man to have sex with them . 
  let 's not act like men can be either good or bad persons and women are the ones who reward their goodness and give them sex for being good . 
  that 's not how it works , women can be shitty as well and have sex with bad men because they 're attractive . 
  a lot of criminals do n't have problems with getting sex , for whatever reasons ( rp would say they are alpha , bp would say it has different reasons ) . 
  saying `` you need to be a good person and more to get sex '' is portraying the female gender in an unrealistically good light . 
  more accurate would be : some women want a good person as a partner , and they also want him to be attractive . 
  other women do not care about their partner being a good person . 
  i 'll take it . 
  wonderful , here 's the keys !, 
  everyone is allowed to create and share the work they enjoy . 
  oh no , now she 's making him a sandwich .
