  of course you could now come back and say `` noo , the guy is still alpha in some way , those other qualities are unimportant , and if she would be able to snatch a more alpha dude , she would at any moment '' , trying to invalidate my observations , but so could i with every terper sharing his observations . 
  so you should equally accept that * how trp sees the world and women 's actions is not how everyone sees the world and women 's actions * . 
   fair enough , but imo its not worth feeling guilty about . 
  attraction is not a choice . 
  your genes are after their interests , not yours , lol . 
  i like to believe that it 's a mix of both . 
  some of our attractions are hard-wired , others are probably shaped by media , society and upbringing . 
  what 's with the jeans in the top right corner ? 
  nearly arrested by police !, 
  this happens . 
  germany is doing pretty well actually , under her leading . 
  thank you . 
  this is not right . 
  i 'd like to imaginge i 'm rommel in northern africa . 
  what are you doing here ? 
  this is a graveyard . 
  let 's call her `` lisa s. '' ... no , that 's too obvious . 
  let 's say `` l. simpson '' . 
  are you male or female ? 
  well , if you were to been female , i would have said you are n't short at all . 
  so that means , while they seek these kinds of women , and make absolutist statements ( such as the `` black and white thinking '' in your wiki link ) , there are other women out there , who do n't crave only dominance , raw masculinity and douchiness ? 
  that would be awesome . 
  some quality guys do n't want a submissive girlfriend . 
  debatable . 
  some guys look for the `` cute '' angle in women , instead of the `` hot '' angle , and other guys perhaps want women a little older because they 're more mature , experienced , whatever . 
  then there 's the truth that a lot of `` alpha '' males stick with their wifes for their entire life , even though they are both growing old together . 
  trp would respond that all healthy women are naturally submissive and the relationship they paint is the completely normal and healthy ideal . 
  they 'd say that the father-daughter type of relation is the perfect and completely natural way that men and women fall into . 
  if you are a wimp , you are more likely to experience bullying by men , too . 
  in places like school or your workplace . 
  having a backbone is important for men and women . 
  women can experience bullying by other women . 
  okay , dudebroman . 
  having friends is a necessity now ? 
  i remember a trp thread about male friends and lots of users , even endorsed contributors , said they do n't need such a thing . 
  except for trump - he is isolationist to some degree and even wants to abolish existing free trade deals . 
  he is different to the mainstream republican consensus . 
  whadaya mean ? 
  you did n't do anything !, 
  do you want to play another round ? 
  the reason they do n't blame feminism is because they are their overlords , because no real man would ever agree with feminist principles . 
  did i get this right ? 
  who is your best friend ? 
  i wan na ask you something , please do n't take this in an offensive way , but ... i 've seen some good-quality and reasonable posts from you . 
  about how your criticize things like trp 's conspiracy theories of society conspiring against the male sex , or how a lot of trp involves emotional abuse , or how relationships do n't have to be the zero-sum game that trp says they all are . 
  then i remember you posting that you 've had good experiences when being together with feminist women , because they are sex-positive , something which i remembered because it sounded quite beautiful . 
  so you 've made a lot of quality content that i agree with . 
  but then you also say stuff like this , that women are objectively terrible compared to men , or that they will never have the loyalty or dedication that men have . 
  this i found odd , because it did oppose some of your other posts , and it seems very absolutist and extremist , and i do n't find that 's in line with some of your other stuff . 
  do you get what i mean ? 
  i wonder how these two sides fit together , can you explain ? 
  was it a woman that hurt you badly or many different experiences that made you think that way , etc ? 
   the shorter you are as a man the less attractive you are . 
  to every woman ? 
  but sir ... 
  if a man is told he has no chances even to remotely qualify for the majority of all women on the planet ( imagine that , you do n't even get the chance to show your qualities because your height disqualifies you from the very beginning , even before the beginning actually ) , it 's completely logic and understandable for him to be insecure . 
  i find it strange that our society accepts and supports women who are insecure because of their weight , with how much emphasis and care we place on battling anorexia and other eating disorders as well as mental issues for women who are unsatisfied with their apperance . 
  i do n't think it would be considered acceptable to just mock a woman like that and say `` stupid girl is just insecure about her weight '' . 
  yet when a really short man goes to any women 's forum and relevant threads , he will realize that 90 % of women will openly and without any shame say that he is not good enough for them , no matter what he does or how hard he will try . 
  and it 's even worse for him than for the overweight girl , because he ca n't do much to change his fate . 
  and yet these men are mocked ? 
  this is a big injustice imo . 
  `` genetically shorter '' ... you pulled that out of your ass , did n't you ? 
  you know what i find weird ? 
  that the statement that `` in a gay couple , one guy is the man and one is the woman '' is criticized , yet we see that gay tops and bottoms exist in such a relationship , which serves only to reinforce that first statement . 
  i would argue that straight relationships can also be very complex in regards to acual roles . 
  but why does one partner have to be the definite `` top '' role and the other one does not ? 
  is the top part also the more manly and dominant , leading part of the relationship , as a general rule ? 
   what are you even talking about ? 
  you literally just tried to take a simplification of heteronomative relationships and apply it to gay relationships . 
  it was a question . 
  is , in your own experience and observation , the `` gay top '' part of the relationship the more `` manly '' one , and the `` bottom '' part the more feminine one , which means the first person is the one generally leading , the one generally dominant in everyday situations ? 
  i 'm genuinely interested . 
   also , men are expected to take a leadership role in a family although this is starting to change . 
  not always , and it 's not a new thing that this can be different . 
  the woman being the unofficial leader of a household/family , and secretly commanding her husband around is a very old trope that has been around for a long time . 
   what you are doing is trying to apply these roles to gay relationships which is why you are getting down voted to oblivion . 
  nobody here was doing this . 
  harry potter , are you chewing gum ? 
   they are people first , women second . 
  it does n't matter how `` masculine '' she is . 
  when they feel like a genderless blob around you or a man , then you 're not getting anywhere with them . 
  how do you treat a woman `` like a woman '' ? 
  how do you treat her so that she wo n't feel like a `` genderless blob '' ? 
  this is very vague advice sadly . 
  being able to lead is what makes one attractive . 
  real leaders do n't dominate other men , they can motivate and strengthen the men they lead , such as their employees . 
  hank scorpio from the simpsons and how he treats homer is one example of a leader personality , there 's no bullying or dominating involved . 
  but the dynamic in reality ( at least in my experience ) is a very fluid one . 
  there is not one dominant person , there are , for example , in a group of male friends , multiple opinions shared and according to the specific situations , different people who emerge as the ones who know most and will speak up . 
  different people 's decisions get chosen in different situations . 
  even with a clear work hierarchy with a boss and his employees , there will be employees who are experts at certain fields , and while the boss says what project will get done , during the lunch break , some employee might emerge as the comedian and thus `` dominate '' during break . 
  so `` domination '' is a very fluid and changing task . 
  dominant roles in specific situations exist , but egalitarian relations are very possible and a reality . 
  also , most people would be weirded out if you dropped the word `` domination '' when talking about such everyday interpersonal situations . 
   of course who is an expert depends on the situation , but in most groups there is definitely some sort of dominance game going on , particularly when the group is n't long time friends and particularly if there are women present . 
  that 's interesting - i 'll have to observe these situations more closely to see whether this pattern is present . 
  it 's just that `` dominance '' is a very hard word for situations where people are essentially just the center of attention for a certain time , while the other people however , are still persons with agency who can do whatever they like at any moment , and these leadership roles are oftend not used to gain female attraction . 
  and as you said that women find men who dominate other man attractive , this is also a very hard and overstated description for people in leadership roles - if someone in a group of people is leading the pack or being a stand-up comedian , most people would disagree with the notion that he is `` dominating '' the others . 
  most people would also disagree that , especially within friendship circles , people are just leaders for female attention and that 's automatically attractive to all women , because we are more than our animal brains , yada yada .
