  just to think that there are people out there as deranged as this guy gives me the creeps ... 
  when reading the title i presumed it was prager university . 
  yup ... and it 's not a real university . 
   yes , but when everything else is equal , this is the effect a progressive tax rate has . 
  `` in this hypothetical society i just made up , our current tax system would n't be good ! '', 
  i want to add that many of them really believe the theories they construct . 
  the theory that women are only attracted to alpha , high status males with certain physical features ( height , build ) and are completely unable to love a man who does not fit to that standard . 
  they 're not pretending , they do have this belief , that a woman biologically can not help but throw herself at the highest status male she can get . 
  they make up this belief out of their own theories mixing evolutionary-psychological touches , their own experience , as well as their observations of the world . 
  even if they see that there are relationships that do not fit to their theory , they will simply rationalize it by saying `` well , that woman is just using him for resources , she 's secretely fucking better men , she 's just waiting for a high status male being available to dump her current guy '' . 
  the author has repeatedly announced his plans to kill himself . 
  did n't know sheldon played tennis . 
  posting the findings of a study = treating boys like defective girls , apparently . 
  yup , most of the guns used in the horrible mexican drug wars come from us territory . 
  the democratic foundation of the us is stronger than that of weimar germany , i hope . 
  still , i would be so disappointed with ` murica if he really wins the nomination . 
  and when looking at subreddits like politicaldiscussion , i see more and more people casually saying `` yeah , i 'm a trump supporter '' , like that 's a totally normal thing ( which was very rare 2-3 months ago ) . 
  while i 'm like `` dude ... why ?!? '', 
  well i think the us has its fair share of antisemites , and a good portion of them probably support trump too , thinking `` well at least he 'll kick those damn sand niggers out '' , and probably they also hope he 'll make israel pay for the military support . 
  because he 's sure he 'll own some of those skyscrapers one day when he 'll be a billionaire like he plans . 
  alphas are super important stem business entrepreneurs off-shoring their own companies ' profits onto the cayman islands , or using other clever methods of tax avoidance . 
  hurr dem stupid women and libruls ruinin ' us ( and muslim immigrants apparently , even though they say they like patriarchy ) . 
  so according to you , all of those things are lies ( `` copes '' ) while the one and only true fact is that social skills are the single reason people are lonely . 
  but the answer to that is that social skills can be learned . 
  pretty much everyone can learn them . 
  at least your life is n't complicated if you believe in easy answers like that . 
  `` we 're taught that women are the arbiters , offering future offspring to those whose genes should be passed on . 
  we 're taught that they drive the process of evolution by selecting only the best and the brightest men . '', 
  uhm ... were ? 
  except on trp and incel forums ... 
  when did this whole manosphere internet cult start ? 
  i imagine it ca n't be that old , if i remember correctly trp emerged some 3-5 years ago , with all the offspring groups emerging afterwards . 
  i mean , elliot rodger was n't the first desperate , mentally unsane individual to go on a rage suicide-murder spree , but he was the first enveloped in the incel/pua hate scene , who still use him as a figure today . 
  also , is the incel or pua hate or `` truecel '' movement the same thing as the `` black pill '' idea ? 
  here 's another great example of this sort of indoctrination :, 
  [ http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2015/09/01/migrant-crisis-isnt-just-europes-problem-its-our-problem-too.html] ( http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2015/09/01/migrant-crisis-isnt-just-europes-problem-its-our-problem-too.html ), 
   when america 's presence diminishes anywhere in the world , whatever minimal order and stability existed there can rapidly evaporate . 
   the lesson for the united states is that reducing our global influence does not increase international peace and security . 
  quite the opposite . 
  not if you count in the fact that our heroic troops mostly killed dem brown sand niggers and their terrorist wifes and children . 
  ah , the places that make you hate life in general . 
  in all honesty , i 'm so sorry . 
  what would probably surprise you is that where i 'm from ( germany/austria ) there are actually some people who say they like the russian system and putin . 
  some even say that people in russia are more free than themselves . 
  kotakuinaction :, 
  fuck feminism , right guys ? 
  there is gamergate outside the us ? 
  driving a jap car , but what about pearl harbor ? 
  why do you hate america , son ? 
  well , can the us really protect its border to mexico ? 
  i 've read a thread on politicaldiscussion ( iirc ) and most of them agree the border is more or less open . 
  trump is the most popular gop nominee right now , and someone like him would stand no chance of becoming president in most of the eu . 
  no , the migrant crisis has increased tension , but it 's light years away from destroying european culture . 
  western , northern , southern , middle . 
  switzerland is n't perfect either . 
  obesity is n't the only problem . 
  it 's a big country with a school system that is often messed up badly and has jock and bullying culture . 
  there 's a lot of mentally strained kids who would break under military drill . 
  i can not put in words how much i despise this so called milo and everything he represents , including his followers . 
  but most new businesses wo n't be successful , so what about those who fail and now have a big loan to pay off , on top of being poor ? 
  exactly , my mind goes berserk when i hear those inspirational success stories from ` murica : `` this brave woman works 90 hours in three different jobs to feed her kids . 
  that 's so inspiring  '' while i 'm like : hello ? 
  that 's a bad thing !, 
  she should n't have to slave away and struggle like that , it 's not acceptable !, 
   build a wall, 
  assistant manager of his local costco it will be . 
  do you still think you can help these people when you can see that they are obviously very distorted individuals ? 
  they firmly believe the female brain can only find the archetype of the well-built chad bro with perfect facial features attractive , no matter everything else . 
  any help is too late . 
  eh , actually i read an account from a woman with her boyfriend having that size , and she said it was n't that great , because sex can be a real pain requiring lots of lube and tiresome preparation to even work . 
  and i believe her with that . 
  obviously it would n't fit to america , but in denmark , prostitution for people with disabilities is actually paid for by the welfare state . 
  that 's not what the bp believes , or definitely not the whole of it . 
  bp is n't a real group or a real belief , it 's everyone who disagrees with trp . 
   women believe that to the same extent that men believe they will all bang supermodels . 
  as a man , i have never believed this , nor have any of the men i have ever met . 
   but 9-10 inches is a good thing, 
  according to your anecdotal evicence . 
  i do n't think the argument should be that sex robots are bad , if they will appear and if some people will enjoy them , that 's fine . 
  i think the argument should be that they will not be a healthy replacement for a relationship with a real person . 
  oh come on , you 're just a shill of the cat lobby , are n't you . 
  the difference is i acknowledge that there are some women who want a massive penis , while you try to rationalize evidence contradictory to your viewpoint by saying `` these women are just lying '' . 
  i disagree . 
  i think a good therapist can definitely help you to find a partner , if that 's what you want . 
  of course many people would need to overcome anxieties and blockades they have to really improve themselves and sort out their issues , but therapy can assist with that . 
  incel forums , i would n't count them as representative for people who have trouble with loneliness or not finding a partner . 
  many of these people do n't define themselves as incels , many never visit a forum , and many of them do n't stay there all the time - that 's the case in every internet community , there 's people coming and leaving all the time . 
  that 's true . 
  a welfare state can not and should not provide such things . 
  i do n't think you know what midget means . 
  well , i think that mental issues ( your inner demons , if you wan na call it like that ) , which can hinder you in finding a relationship , can be a lot more complex than just the idea that self improvement is necessary . 
  and certainly for a happier life , more pursuit with your inner self than just `` i need to work out '' is often necessary . 
  from my own experience , therapy has done a lot of positive impact , from being able to understand myself better , to reflect who you are and what you want in life and to just be able to talk through all the things that bother or conern you in a calm , undisturbed manner . 
  and yes , i do believe that `` incel forums '' are not a representative portrayal of people who have trouble to find a relationship . 
  the term incel alone is such an niche internet thing to which most `` lonely people '' would probably not even identify themselves with if they knew what it was . 
  we do n't know of what demographic the people in these forums are made of , and as i said , in internet communities , people come and leave all the time - so it 's not such an accurate representation that we could judge by them that therapy does n't work for lonely people . 
  could be down to wrong driving to - not shifting down before overtaking and therefore only having really slow acceleration . 
  just why is he a threat to the republicans ? 
  what does he do that is so contrary to what the party wants ? 
   can inner demons really hinder one in finding a relationship ?
