  looks like they gave the pianist a british uniform when the war ended . 
  homer simpson : `` hello , operator !, 
  give me the number for 911 ! '', 
  of course the german government agrees , they 're only vassals of their american puppet masters . 
  i 've told exactly this to everyone since about 7 years or so now . 
  sky ... lake ? 
  so this is how it starts . 
  `` helps the economy '' ... big companies might make more profit , but even the european commission has admitted ttip will very likely lead to european workers losing their jobs , because american workers are cheaper because of less union rights and other reasons . 
  streamlining = bringing them to an american standard . 
  in case of health and environmental politics , these standards are a lot lower than the ones in the eu . 
   he said it was her fault, 
  this is wrong . 
  he specifically said `` not saying it 's your fault but you should n't have hung out with him at night '' . 
  if the guy who raped her was a known creep and a known bad person , this statement is totally true . 
  the statement from bluthscottgeorge is 100 % true . 
  if a woman decides to hang out with a known creep or sex offender alone , then that 's an extremely stupid decision . 
  hmm ... no . 
  i 'm not a prick . 
  i 'm saying this would be the case ( in my opinion ) if the guy she hung out with was a known creep . 
  i do n't know anything about this particular case , so i wo n't comment on it . 
  my comment is only hypothetical . 
  yes , the second and third sentences are my genereal opinions not necessarily related to this particular case . 
   that has nothing to do with the situation, 
  we do n't know the situation , and , as another poster has pointed out , the raper could 've been a known bad person . 
  this post from / u/thewoogier sums up my own opinion pretty good :, 
   there is a point where people have to take personal responsibility for safety . 
  is not wearing a seatbelt asking to get injured in the event of a car crash ? 
  no , but is there a better option that you could take such as wearing a seatbelt in the event a car crash happened ? 
   the distinction is knowledge . 
  i would n't hang around with a convicted 1st degree murderer , simply because i have evidence it might be risky . 
  if i were killed it would n't be my fault , i did n't ask to be killed . 
  but it is my responsibility to minimize my own risk . 
  no , i do n't think i am . 
  once again , / u/thewoogier has pointed out what i think perfectly , and he wrote it in this thread , because it 's appropiate . 
  please let it be now . 
  mama mia , knife was made of rubbery toy . 
  you can adjust the steering wheel and also the seat height . 
  unless your girlfriend is the size of peter dinklage , i do n't think it 's impossible to find a right position for her . 
  are you not afraid your insurance wo n't cover you if they find out something illegal on the car after an accident ? 
  well said !, 
  you look like a fanatic nazi officer who shot himself when he found out hitler was dead and the war over . 
  not for me . . digital speedo . 
  in a small patch of woodland . 
  middle europe . 
  just exactly why sweden likes assfucking ? 
  because it 's liberal and tolerant ? 
  upvote for using `` lady '' instead of `` girl '' at least one frickin ' time . 
  i 'm miles over myself . 
  sorry fo ur loss . 
  i wan na go to bovine university too . 
  it 's focusably awesome . 
  it 's sevenbase hdt vagina ... takes some effort to set it up right though . 
  haha , yeah . 
  the tattoo is part of the `` slave tats '' mod . 
  it 's really nice in that you can change the look of npc 's quite easily , unfortunately there is no preview how the tattoos will look like . 
  nice story !, 
  i figured i 'd give you karma as you were nice enough to comment on my story . 
  thanks , 
  could you specify what you mean with `` during the clinton years , even constructive criticism was not welcome '' a bit more ? 
  he sounds like a dumb high school jock/bully imagining what university is like . 
  honestly , the nexus offers a ton of great mods and the ability to download them for free , so i happily disable adblock for the site . 
  in europe , we do n't do this to our boys , we know it is n't necessary . 
  religions think that a woman 's body and it 's appeal to men are so powerful that they challenge the religion itself in power . 
  that 's why they fear it . 
  cough civic type r cough ... shit ... that 's gon na get me downvotes . 
  highway ... well the new type r is barely out for a couple of weeks , so you probably have n't encountered it yet . 
  fast yes , not so much on top speed , but on the track - definitely . 
  it 's part of halo 's pose pack . 
  cheers !, 
  i just found this subreddit , and i love it already . 
  also planes fly with a very high speed and you can easily walk inside a plane . 
  nice !, 
  my uncle also drives an accord tourer , while my dad has the same 2.2 liter diesel engine in his civic . 
  and do n't let the americans confuse you , it 's totally not an acura . 
  many comments approve what op said in that thread . 
  i think trp places emphasis on lifting not only because of the appearance that comes with it , but more importantly the confidence that comes with it . 
   deeply ingrained in human instinct is the notion that every girl is someone 's girl . 
  another stupid attempt of a terper to naturalize his beliefs of how life works . 
  and of course he uses the terms `` men '' and `` girls '' together . 
  everytime i see that , i just feel a shiver down my spine . 
  terpers love to argue with `` bro psychology '' and `` bro sociology '' , and now `` bro history '' . 
  lmao ... 
  defining yourself by your height is a bad character trait . 
  you 're a real cutie . 
  there 's dumb people on reddit too . 
  take the red pill for example . 
  lmao at whoever downvoted me . 
  there are many factors that play into the horrible situations in syria , iraq and elsewhere in the middle east , one of course being the sunni-shia conflict , but the us are to blame for a very large part of it . 
  they invaded iraq without any real proof of wmd , without a un mandate . 
  up to 600,000 civilians died during their occupation . 
  that 's like the whole population of las vegas , simply wiped out . 
  iraq is where is originated . 
  america should take a decent portion of the refugees currently pouring into europe . 
  it should be their responsibility in a world with justice . 
  the random lines , and of course the horrible ordeal in iraq that the us caused . 
  who knows . 
  is formed out of the opposition against the coalition forces in iraq . 
  perhaps they would n't be there or would be a lot less powerful with saddam still in power . 
  or a a successor of saddam . 
  12.5 is actually an awfully quick time for only 30 horsepower .
