  what should the most effective answer be if a girl asks you what you do for a living and how much money you make . 
   rape is the most common sexual fantasy among women . 
  any source for this ? 
  there 's literally hundreds of millions of girls in the world who have issues with their self-image , thinking they are too fat , too ugly , too tall or too short . 
  just look the enormous media attention that female eating disorders receive . 
  the vast majority of these women find boyfriends , and most of them probably do n't even have to approach them . 
  telling a guy like throwincel123 to lay off his self-hatred and he will find a girlfriend is not really helpful because , in one way or another , the issues he has with his self-image will accompany him for the rest of his life . 
  i do n't think you got the point i was trying to make . 
  yes , thank you . 
  [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-pw0ux1wts] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-pw0ux1wts ), 
  not quite . 
  you can work on your issues and it takes time to see where the issues came from , and understanding them can make it easier to work on them . 
  so in that sense , baggage can become less as you get older . 
   in the end for many people it comes down to `` have you done that ? '', 
  or `` how many x have you had ? '', 
  that 's not what baggage means as i know it . 
  baggage means emotional scars from previous experiences , such as a woman who has been left by her boyfriend and is scared of opening up to a guy , or a guy thath as self-esteem issues because he has been rejected by a crush . 
  that 's something that comes as you go through life , and it can definitely be worked on , with therapy , internal processing or positive experiences . 
  so baggage does n't only increase and never decrease . 
   baggage is not just emotional . 
  but emotional scars ** can ** be a form of baggage , no ? 
  so in that sense , yes - working on traumas , disorders or anxieties that come with bad experiences can reduce that baggage . 
  so there we have one form of baggage that can decrease . 
  and credit history can be removed as well , just as some forms of criminal records , adding to the argument that not every baggage is permanent and that it not only adds up . 
  yoda ? 
  no , because screenshots can easily be faked . 
  anyone can write a fake mail and take a screenshot of it . 
  a photo of the screen however , shows that it was n't faked . 
  hey ... i ca n't remember having said that . 
  wow , that 's some great reliability . 
  i hope my beyerdynamics will also last me as long . 
  it 's honestly bad enough that a campus group published it and actually thought it was appropiate , even if that was 7 years ago . 
  great , long read . 
  why does it talk to me like a lamb ? 
  how romantic ... they 've been together for so long . 
  if i was walking somwhere with my headphones on and a random gay guy would tell me i would look good wearing only the headphones , i would most likely feel uncomfortable . 
  if a random gay dude would comment on my appearance , i would perhaps feel a bit flattered , but possibly also uncomfortable at the same time . 
  a human hand , commonly used to touch and also grab things . 
  incredible how small the mini looks . 
  yeah , in a couple of hundred years the whites are gon na be a slightly smaller part of the population , relatively speaking . 
  i love the random `` send nudes '' sprinkled in there . 
  lol no . 
  not gon na happen . 
  stop using pol as your source of information . 
  cool , nice to see people becoming more diverse . 
  being white will also be more unique . 
  right , but still just assumption from a dude on the internet watching the video . 
  i 'm not american , so i 'm not affected . 
  in europe , we have migrants , but i do n't see them becoming a majority for the next couple of hundred years . 
  when my grandkids will grow up one day , the average skin color might be a bit darker than it is now , but i do n't see society collapsing . 
   in the russian ulyanovsk abbot-rider brother and i staged an accident that killed themselves and killed a pensioner, 
  what a weird title . 
  migrants on average are less criminal than natives in my country , iirc . 
  there also have n't been any islamic terror strikes here . 
  and the migration policy is largely up to the governments we voted into office in the first place . 
  there are right-wing parties gaining up to 30 % of popularity in polls , which means the government feels hard pressured to keep up stricter immigration policies - the large migration movements of 2015 were a singular event that wo n't happen today , not anymore . 
  there is open public discourse on the problems of islamism and migrants ( there is no `` pc police '' in that sense ) , and should the problems increase , we are free to vote governments into office who will be harsher against criminal migrants . 
  i do n't see muslims becoming a majority in the next 200 years or so . 
  ( they are 8 % of our population . ), 
  the confidence and charisma do n't come from nothing , they were acquired . 
  all of these actors had to work very hard for their success and to gain their confidence and charisma . 
  the fact that some of these actors are very goofy looking only proves that it 's still possible to become confident , successful and charismatic and thus greatly increase one 's chances with women while looking like that . 
   i just roll my eyes when trpers claim that you 're fucked completely if you do n't look like the guy on the right . 
  to be fair , it 's mostly black pillers saying that . 
  aka the fatalistic , depressed , extremely bitter side of the manosphere . 
  the trp sub is different from what i 've seen . 
  plus race . 
   average is ugly in today 's world . 
   if you 're not top 20 percent , you 're shit . 
   like a bag of shit , which is what the average man looks like, 
  you have to account that these famous people had to work hard to get that fame in the first place , which required hard work and building up personality and confidence . 
  this greatly increases their chances with women , even with those who are not status seekers . 
  so straight eyebrows are attractive ? 
  any credible source that faces got closer to the `` golden ratio '' due to natural selection ? 
  good to hear , i guess . 
  altough that man in the pic is a good gamer at least , it seems . 
   getting that kind of confidence and charisma is extremely difficult and takes years of actively trying to develop those skills . 
  that 's a main task in your life altogether . 
  developing your personality will be important for many things , not just getting with girls . 
  and looks will always matter , but in most cases ( i would say ) they can be improved with grooming , working out , to an extent where they wo n't stop your from having a successful life . 
  for making excuses why you ca n't succeed , i guess . 
   i 'm one of the famed ppd women that likes asian guys, 
  huh ? 
  if inertia is an opposite to masculinity , does that make it a feminine trait ? 
  i just sometimes get the feeling that when people say [ negative trait ] is unmanly or unmasculine , they are insulting the female gender in the same breath , since women are usually unmanly per definition . 
  ok , i completely understand why you find it unattractive . 
  you seemingly put quite a lot of work into this , and it shows . 
  good quality post with a lot of research on actual statements made in trp . 
  i fully agree that trp instills fear of being a beta men into their users , and this is a clear consequence of their interpretation on the pre-feminist , `` patriarchal '' wisdoms . 
  being a man is a label that you need to earn and you do n't get it by simply having male genitals , you need to show strength , confidence and domimance , and know how to act as a boss infront of a woman , because if you could n't manage that , how could you even expect to be respected by other men ? 
  this rhetoric falls in line with an infamous statement once made by trp contributor archwinger on how to raise a boy in the same old-school , pre `` fee fees '' tradition : kick his ass , make him play football and shoot guns , and if he falls short , call him a faggot and make sure he knows he 'll never touch pussy . 
  as trp heavily leans on the `` old fashions '' of society and the `` glorious days '' when men were still men , by imitating these archetypes , they also reproduce patterns that are toxic , damaging and were not abolished without good reason . 
  if reading ppd has shown me one thing , then it 's that personal anecdotes and experiences of how men and women act in real life are wildly different , depending on who you ask . 
   they will say that obviously girls are going for the biggest muscular guys, 
  i strongly doubt that this is a well-accepted statement in normal social circles , even in `` working class circles '' such as bars or gyms . 
  once you see a 40 year old man heavily drinking in a bar after a hard day at work , and crashing his car while drunk driving , it 's hard to believe all men are not immature children . 
  see ? 
  you ca n't honestly look at the examples op posted ( which were all real trper statements ) and say it 's productive , healthy advice . 
  a lot of these posts are clearly resentful revenge fantasies that show the authors having no positive relationship to the female gender . 
  trp is very clearly more than just advice - that 's an explanation i would buy if the topic was about / r/seduction .
