  that was quick , thanks !, 
  another question if you know : is the small pipe that leads from converter to egr valve where the exhaust fumes go through ? 
  pretty sure that many anti-refugee posts here also come from americans , which does n't give the best impression of america either . 
  most of europe are n't stepping up to plate , but some countries take in a lot of immigrants , some even more than germany per capita . 
  sweden and austria are two examples . 
  the german president of the european parliament even mentioned this . 
  some germans will have a bit darker skin and some may have a different religion , although many may become non-practising in the future . 
  what a horrible image . 
  are you the president of your country and therefore allowed to speak for all of them ? 
  they do n't want to invade your country , they want to pass through . 
  the difference is the gulf states are dictatorships and saudi arabia is a human rights-third world hell hole with a fundamentalist government . 
  people expect more from europe . 
  if you 're not `` left-leaning '' then watch oliver and try to reflect on some things he says ... and perhaps change your mind a little . 
  they 're not called liberals in europe . 
  you 're saying `` leave us the fuck alone '' as if you 're representing every single person living in country , when people of your country might be supporting refugees , or might not hold nationalism in the highest regard . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  i was just pointing out that surely there are inhaibitants of your country who have totally contrary opinions to yours , yet you talk like you represent your entire population . 
  what , in your opinion , should be done with war refugees from syria or iraq ? 
  when i bought the golf the guy told me it 's supposed to be like that . 
  on one hand `` women do not like the idea of male autonomy '' , on the other hand `` women love be dominated , love to be lead by men and will never be happy unless they subordinate to a man . 
   smdh, 
  shake my ... dickhead ? 
  brilliant picture !, 
  goes straight to my files . 
  `` my opinion is the true one and all others who do n't share it are just brainwashed by `` media '' anyway , so not relevant . '', 
  that 's really cheap . 
  `` military support '' is just part of the problem we have today , it is what turned iraq into the hellhole it is today , which is why military intervention is an extremely delicate issue . 
  that 's why everybody is reluctant to start another military intervention , even the us and russia . 
  and i 'm not saying that we should take in billions of people into europe ( the `` media '' does n't say this either , it 's a strawman ) but people coming from a war definitely deserve our help . 
  these people are not less worthy than you are , their only fault is that they were born in a different country . 
  you 're welcome to make a x-post . 
  gold painted rocks haha !, 
  this does n't look survivable . 
  one thing that disgusts me about this `` internet 4chan bro culture '' is rating people 's appearances as numbers from 1-10 . 
  so i ca n't really feel any pity for this guy , rather disgust . 
  why does everyone live in apartments ? 
  the user agreement of what ? 
  yes . 
  how dumb is it to call yourself beta ... undermining yourself just for some stupid internet cult . 
  another lpt : go search and read the advice from `` mr. money mustache '' . 
  come on , i think we can all agree that german and japanese manufacturers are the pinnacle of car engineering . 
  if i were that lonely and unhappy , i 'd never write about it on facebook . 
  it 's embarassing , and you 're opening up your weaknesses and vulnerability to the world . 
  as the other poster said , this totally depends on the location . 
  there are no raccoons or redneck kids with bb guns in my place/country , and there is only moderate traffic . 
  also , cats have lived with humans for thousands of years , so it 's not like they came out of the jungle/savanna a couple months ago and now live in towns , while cars may be relatively new to them , i 'm sure they are familiar with the threat humans can be , or even carriages/coaches . 
  anecdotal evidence , but i 've lived with cats for my entire life and i can say the average life span of our cats ( always indoor/outdoor ) is definitely above 6 years . 
  our oldest living cat died this summer at 15 years , and it was n't predators or a car that killed her , but most likely the heat ( very hot summer ) in combination with old age . 
  when i was a kid , we lived in a place with heavy traffic and often lost cats due to that , but now , this has never happened . 
  so this totally depends on the location . 
  is n't prolonged experiences of a race how evolution works ? 
  over thousands of years , cats experience that this or this means danger and possible death , and after a long time , it becomes parts of the instinct . 
  that 's also the reason why cats are accommodated and accustomed to humans - because of many generations of living together . 
  source ? 
  i find it hard to believe . 
  well , that 's still not a proof to me that cats could not have adapted through evolution to survive typical dangers of the places they live today better , such as towns , cities , suburbs , etc. 
  and it does n't say in that wiki article that experience is not a factor of evolution at all . 
  still , this does n't refute my original statement . 
  it 's like i said `` mangoes are sweet '' and you said `` no , strawberrys are sweet too '' . 
  it can be typical for both countries . 
  of course it 's a self-patting thing . 
  it 's saying `` i 'm so attractive this guy was beneath me '' to her friends . 
  the guy is extremely generalizing , that 's a rp thing . 
  do n't buy it . 
  i 'm a man and i can assure you not every compliment means `` does want sex very bad '' . 
  my problems with red pill :, 
  it is n't scientific , but it claims to be . 
  as another poster pointed out , there is no scientific evidence of `` alphas/betas '' in humans . 
  yet , these terms are accepted as taken for granted on trp . 
  noone ever questions them , rp believes in them because it wants to , not because of scientific findings . 
  there are alot of different meanings and definitions of being alpha , two different ones you 've made up yourself : one being confident , the other being able to lead . 
  other opinions on trp include attractiveness is all that matters to women , others think it 's `` status '' . 
  so there is no real agreement nor is the theory based on real science . 
  yet in trp rhetoric , it 's taken for granted like the law of gravity . 
  just like the nazis believe in racial superiority without questioning it . 
  it 's not objective . 
  another example of not being scientific but claiming to be : `` it 's a fact that 99 % of women are attracted to upper body stength and abs '' . 
  that 's only the `` science '' and claimed objectivity aspect . 
  i abhor trp for many other aspects of course . 
  he thinks his life is living hell because he does n't have sex . 
  pretty sad actually . 
  but further down you said alpha means leading and being able to make decisions . 
  so which one is it ? 
  what is the guy who 's very confident in his job and daily life , but a little shy around women ? 
  but what if he 's successful at his job , has a high position and leads a team of 50 people . 
  that means he fullfills the definition of alpha . 
  why is he still a beta by your definition ? 
  but that 's exactly what i mean . 
  you think one can be `` alpha '' or `` beta '' or even `` omega '' in different `` life spheres '' , so one can be alpha at his profession but beta with relationships , or vice versa . 
  i 've never played shuffleboard , so i guess by some trp standards i would be a `` shuffleboard omega '' . 
  but if you ask op , you can only be alpha or beta as a person , and it 's only measured by confidence and nothing else . 
  it 's a totally sketchy concept and everybody makes his own definition , yet trp treats it as an established fact of life . 
  i do n't think the `` blue pill '' denies that different traits in men are attractive to different kinds of women , just as you laid out nicely : some find physically strong men attractive , some find stand-up comedians attractive , etc. 
  that 's not something a `` blue piller '' or most outside trp would deny . 
  you do n't even know who `` gaylubeoil '' is . 
  you do n't know his life . 
  he 's a person who writes dumb posts in a hate-filled subreddit and sells crappy t-shirts . 
  what a different world to look into ... 
  if you do n't know what his real life outside of the internet is , what reason is there to `` look into it '' ? 
  is that really always the case though ?
