i really do n't understand their hatred for marketing/pr . 
  if they had some clue about economy/business , they 'd knew that nothing there works without marketing . 
  it 's a worthy field . 
  never been forced to die in a war ... yeah i 'm sure the ( female ) civilian bombing victims just chose to die . 
  men in central europe ( germany , austria , switzerland ) are not `` much taller '' . 
  they are 5 ' 10 '' on average . 
  i kind of know what you 're feeling , as my father is 5 ' 11 '' while i 'm only 5 ' 8 '' , and i often slept too little and often did n't have any breakfast during my teen years . 
  what has helped me was thinking that , although i may be a bit shorter , i am still part of my family , and i still inherited so many of the good ( and bad ) traits of my ancestors . 
  i 'm so close and similar to my father , and that has somehow helped me to accept my place in the universe , and accept my height as well , no matter the few inches difference . 
  accept your height , and be proud of your family and that you have a sister ( i 'd love to have siblings myself ) . 
  not sure if i helped you with that , but i tried . 
  what is your country ? 
  perhaps i should move there . 
  well imo he is full of shit because he never even tried to escape from his misery . 
  he never got approached by a woman , but he could n't change that . 
  what he could have done was at least to try himself , but he did n't , and still blamed others . 
   i 'm in an even worse position than this kid , i have no car , no job , no money , no girl , i do n't have 1/3rd of what this kid has . 
  as far as we know for now , this guy had severe mental problems including aspergers . 
  so think again if your situation is really worse . 
  exactly . 
  women did n't even know he wanted something from them . 
  he expected them to give him sex because they owed him . 
  so now neckbeards = rednecks ? 
  the situation 's a little different for everyone . 
  22 might be the best year in theory , but some person might not find a women but gain important social skills and experience during that time , which will help him to a relationship a couple of years later , not when he was 22 . 
  screw her if you ask me . 
  if that had been me , i would 've replied `` well , that 's probably becasue you prepared me so well for life , ma '' . 
  why exactly do you think feminism is at fault ? 
  the problem is that the advice `` cheer up , think positive and do n't be depressed '' does n't work for me , and many others , simply because the underlying problems do n't disappear with that . 
  * i know * that my life would be much more easier and enjoyable without any depression , but there are reasons that i 'm unhappy , because i 'm unsatisfied with my life , and that is a lot harder to fix than just `` cheering up '' . 
  `` innocent people get brutally murdered , why is everyone so upset ? '', 
  so this is r/short and the advice you give him is just to give up hope on finding someone and forget it ? 
  not good advice imo , there are multiple women on this subreddit alone who 've said that they like shorter guys . 
  what about the several guys here who announce they have a girlfriend as a short man ? 
  hell , floyd mayweather is that height and he 's probably the best professional boxer in the world and one of the most skilled athletes in the world . 
  so , no . 
  thankfully the wife goggles prevent him from leaving his post-wall sexthing . 
  you 're not too much a fan of optimism , are you ? 
  the crusades were a result of several hundred years of muslim aggression and attacks towars europe . 
  the pope also called named attacks on christians living there , attacks on pilgrims and destructions of churches ( such as the church of the holy sepulchre in jerusalem ( `` by 1009 , the church in imwas had been destroyed by yaruk , the governor of ramla , after the fatamid caliph of egypt , al-hakim bi-amr allah , ordered the destruction of christian sites , affecting some 30,000 churches in the territory under his rule '' ) and the rising pressure on christians living under the rule of the seljuks . 
  then of course , muslims started conquering european land , such as spain , which was considered christian before , hundreds of years before the crusades , and started progroms there ( such as [ granada massacre ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1066_granada_massacre ) although aimed against jews ) . 
  is the original poster serious ? 
  `` average height is like 6 ' 2 '' now ... a guy should be 6 ' 6 '' -7 ' 0 '' ideally '' ... are you kidding me ? 
  seven feet ? 
  i believe they did . 
  he mentioned that he told his problems to his therapist once and `` he just gave me the same stupid advice all other therapists have given me '' . 
  i think that was probably good advice , advice that could 've helped him , but he did n't even listen to it because he it never came to his mind that it could be true . 
  but * why * are americans more prone to violence ? 
  no women shelters yayy . 
   men should n't marry girls the same age as themselves and definitely should n't marry when they are 18 ~ 22 . 
  they should focus on building a life for themselves and loading up on value and achievements . 
  then when they are 28 ~ 30 , start dating girls who are 18 ~ 25 and screening for long term wife material . 
  it always amazes me that they still believe this is true . 
  they believe when they 're 30 they can easily snatch an 18 year old high shool graduate girl . 
  the hard wakeup call will come one day . 
   it 's almost like their message is that women should n't have casual sex . 
  how do they not realize it ? 
  they should n't , although they should , because otherwise they are denying the man 's natural right to sex and going against nature . 
  women just can not win . 
  beautiful !, 
  good luck to you !, 
  that 's not an excuse not to sozialize when you 're old though . 
  i like to think that opportunities only really are gone when you 're dead . 
  the best advice is `` have fun now '' no matter your age . 
  why would there be less oppurtunities when you 're older ? 
  the things you do might be different , but there are so many older people out there doing things and sozializing . 
  in general , even though it might hold some truth , i would not advise speaking this out loud . 
  people in that situation are already desperate and hopeless enough , and the last thing that would help them is telling them their chances are bad . 
  well i pity you , we europeans work a lot less than 12 hours . 
  still , if you 're old already there is no use in lamenting how easy it would 've been 20 years earlier , instead you should make the best out of your situation . 
  sorry for the platitude . 
  be 17 , innocent , quiet , shy , pretty , a virgin . 
  marry a 40 year old alpha stem master and give him many children . 
  then you are worthy ^ ( until you hit the wall ) . 
  i really do n't get puahate . 
  is n't pua a red pill/manosphere thing itself ? 
  if so , why would something that is against it also be red pill ? 
  and why is there a whole movement just to dismiss pua ? 
  what 's the use of it ? 
  thanks for clearing that up a bit . 
  but what 's the use of puahate ? 
  what are they doing over there ? 
  just discussing how pua sucks all day ? 
  it 's pretty weird that elliot rodger was a member considering he never even tried those techniques , having never approached a single woman . 
  oh god and he 's a apparently austrian . 
  as if the reputation was n't damaged enough already . 
  yeah , totally . 
  it 's an awesome car , but the back is . . well there are definitely more beautiful back sides around . 
  plus the time that goes by so fast while you are sitting at home and your peers enjoy their lives . 
  you should n't think that way because you 're frustrated about something you ca n't change , and that 's not healthy ( duh , you probably know that already ) . 
  your life is your life , and not anybody else 's - if you have your first relationship at 30 then that 's all fine and good . 
  no one can really define that you are supposed to do that at high school and that 's the only `` proper '' way , because it 's not . 
  the key is to love and accept yourself because the time you had sex does not affect the quality of you as a human being . 
  his caps key got stuck . 
  imo being a virgin should be the least issue . 
  at the point in a relationship were sex becomes a subject , a woman should n't be put off by you just because of that . 
  if she does , she was the wrong one . 
  are you being honest ? 
  you really saw him in person ? 
  not sure if you will read this ... but if you really , really want to be taller you could consider leg lengthening surgery .
