  the other is `` of course she fucked him . 
  ** you 're not a man . 
  your penis is smaller and everything he has you can never have no matter how hard you work . 
  ** he will never care about her at all and on a whim destroyed your relationship but ** he 's still not in the wrong ** and would probably be a bro about it because ** he 's just that much more of a man than you . 
  ** oh , and his life up to this point has probably been awesome and will continue to be . '', 
  thanks subconscious mind . 
  helpful . 
  so much insecurity , and this is exactly the stemy , toxic attitude of `` numbers are everything - better height , bigger penis , better facial structure '' that 's so wrong with the trp sphere . 
  ( not even mentioning that they automatically assume a big rugby player has a big penis for whatever reason ) they 're shooting themselves and many others guys reading that in the foot right there . 
  it 's not a shame to be insecure . 
  but it 's not a justification for hating on an entire gender and spreading that hate online . 
  what do you mean `` in prison '' ? 
  you mean like in * friends * ? 
  wtf ? 
  walt jr. does . 
   as another option you can order your car directly with the branch , and then even pick it up at the factory . 
  as far as i know though , ordering the car is still often being done through a normal car dealership . 
  me too . 
  what a dumb list of countries when being asked for what the western world is . 
   basically rp , but women are n't fundamentally different from men and they are just people and people ca n't be easily stereotyped and different kinds of game attract different types of women, 
  and morals and ethics . 
  * men and women are n't all that different , they have more in common than they have differences . 
  * every person is different and unique , so dating advice can only be somewhat generic , or somewhat specific to one 's individual situation , since you ( the person reading this ) are a unique person with unique tastes , so is the person you want to date . 
  * there might be tendencies in mating differences and some attributes that a large number of women find attractive in a man . 
  ( and vice versa ) however , you should not always try to match these attributes and become a stereotypical `` alpha male '' , because this might not lead you to happiness . 
  you do not want to disguise yourself as a person that you are not . 
  * there are shitty men and women in the world . 
  you should try to avoid those and learn to deal with them in an effective manner to become happy . 
  manipulative , shallow and toxic people exist among both genders . 
  * relationships can have a dominant partner and a submissive partner , and they can also work on rather equal terms . 
  you should find the relationship role that makes you happy and find a suitable partner for that , regardless of your gender . 
  red pill :, 
  * men and women are very different , and you could make the point that they are almost a different species . 
  * every person might be different and unique to some level , but there are large generalizations we can rightfully make . 
  the psychology of men and women is largely determined on a biological level , and it has remained largely unchanged since humanity exists , which means we can give you precise relationship advice that will lead you to success as a straight man . 
  * the things that men and women find attractive in each other are largely the same all over the world , since humanity has existed . 
  humans are not that unique to each other . 
  there are certain attributes you should adopt as a man that very much align to the stereotypical `` alpha male '' , and these will lead you to happiness . 
  almost every man would be more happier as an alpha male instead of as a beta provider . 
  * there are shitty men and women in the world , but we will most often talk about the shitty women instead of the shitty men . 
  we often make a difference between those two groups since men are at least honest - they admit they are shallow , or only want sex , while women are hypocritical and will lie and hamster to mask their true nature . 
  * relationships can have a dominant partner and a submissive partner , while relationships on equal terms do n't work or do n't really exist . 
  a relationship with a dominant male and a submissive female is the one that will most likely work , since it aligns with our biology and the innate natural behaviour of both genders . 
  a relationship that does n't fit this rolemodel is very much doomed to failure sooner or later . 
  note : the bp belief somewhat fits my own beliefs , since it 's hard to objectively say what `` bp belief '' is . 
  yeah , being excluded as a westerner by a random redditor is a real kick in the balls . 
  do n't worry too much , friend . 
  we 'll always be european brothers and sisters . 
  wow ... amazing machine . 
  this dude 's videos are absolutely hilarious . 
  children do n't know many things that adults do , so of course as children grow up , they can learn that retarded people are not scary or horrifiying , and that they have a right to exist . 
  so children 's opinions on these people are not necessarily the right opinions . 
  this can be very hard if you 're not active in many social spheres ( hobbies , clubs , friend circles ) and do n't want to cold approach random people . 
  that 's good to hear , and good luck to the two of you . 
  i hope i can experience something similar , i 'll definitely be on the lookout . 
  did you find a partner ? 
  short men can still be hot . 
  fat women are usually not , at least not to me . 
  too bad i always hear the advice that you have to romantically approach a girl `` immediately after you meet her '' . 
  because once she knows you for a while without you making your romantic intentions clear , she wo n't be able to see you as a sexual being - this is what dozends of `` dating coaches '' have told me . 
  so even if you are active in social circles , if you just know a woman for a couple of weeks/months without asking her out , you 've blown your chance . 
  citation needed . 
  just read your post now , but man , i can not agree more . 
  bravo . 
   just for starters , we ca n't make sweeping assertions about ` true male nature ' and ` true female nature ' . 
  i liked your op and this comment was brilliant too . 
  keep it up . 
  if he does those things just to get girls attracted to him and not because he likes it , it probably wo n't set him up for a good long-term relationship . 
  because at one point the gym visits or dance classes will stop if they are not his thing . 
  and apparently everyone was taught that women are `` wonderful creatures '' in school . 
  women being attracted to handsome men does not prove rp . 
  bp is not a theory claiming to hold the truth . 
  rp needs to prove it 's validity , not the other way ` round . 
  i agree that these views probably fit a lot of users that are subbed to the blue pill subreddit , but that does n't make it an own theory that declares to know the truth . 
  why are women more impacted in losing their deep bonding ability ? 
  it 's your interpretation of what most blue pillers probably belive the world is like . 
  a well-accepted thinker or author did n't write the theory down and then it got accepted into the subreddit 's sidebar as it is with trp . 
  i do n't know if most users subbed to the bp subreddit would think that a woman 's partner count does n't matter , or that men and women are not really different . 
  i agree much of it seems very mainstream thinking , but i would n't call it a real theory . 
  disagree with you there . 
  or perhaps they just had different life experiences . 
  because the welfare state does more good than harm . 
  the problem here is that rpers tend to define every imaginable positive trait as `` rp '' and then say this is why rp works . 
  for example , they would call a man who is confident , cocky and ambitious rp , even though he shares none of the ideology . 
  it 's pretty bad tbh . 
   society should have the same empathy for these men that we do for girls who have been abused at a young age . 
  not when they go on the web writing women are lesser human beings , male love is more pure or cuckoldry is a sex fetish worth shaming i will have empathy . 
  i know many confident , successful men who would n't agree with `` the most responsible teenager in the house '' , af/bb , single mothers are scum , 80/20 , awalt , or that women have to submit to men . 
  i 've found girls who were somewhat `` boyish '' surprisingly attractive . 
  no make-up , no nail polish , hoodies , a backpack instead of a bag , and shorter hair . 
  sometimes that just makes me very interested in them . 
  i mean , i can have empathy with an individual person if i see he 's good and regrets having said such hateful things . 
  i 'm sure many young men are troubled , but that does n't excuse ripping on an entire gender imo . 
  in the sitcom mike & molly the fat couple was attracted to each other . 
  the supply of thin women is lower , but are n't most of the fat men unattractive to these women too , evening the scales of supply and demand ? 
  i mean , what 's so important about the incel tag ? 
  just say you ca n't find the right girl because fat ones are not attractive to you . 
  because it is n't . 
  does it really not prove trp though ? 
  for what it 's worth , what is the reason that the female liking for being treated rough , being dominated , is so very common ?
