  he draws a marvellous picture and you insult him ? 
  wow . 
  car 1 has 140 hp , a high-rev petrol engine and 175 nm of torque . 
  0-100 kmh time is 8.9 seconds . 
  car 2 has 140 hp ( the same ) , a diesel with well over 300 nm of torque . 
  0-100 time is 8.6 seconds . 
  so you 're telling me car 2 would accelerate much better if it could get all of it 's torque on the wheels , but it ca n't ? 
  that 's why there is barely any difference in acceleration between the two ? 
  300 nm is not super low - perhaps to american standards , but for a european civilian diesel car , it 's a totally normal number . 
  the car in question has 340 nm , which is a big difference to the 175 nm of the first car . 
  you said acceleration is entirely up to torque , which is why i wonder why the 2 cars - which are exactly the same cars otherwise - have almost the exact same acceleration numbers even though one has a lot more torque . 
  are you the one who downvoted me , for simply asking a question ? 
  hardcore republicans pretty much call america a judeo-christian nation . 
  only their name is different , which probably has historic reasons . 
  so why do the cars in my example have almost the same acceleration numbers , even though one has almost double the torque ? 
  traction ca n't be the reason apparently . 
  here 's another example :, 
  6 , 160 hp petrol , 220 nm . 
  0-60 time : 8.0 seconds, 
  0-60 time : 8.1 seconds, 
  almost the exact same acceleration even though one car has over 100 nm more torque . 
  good to see you 're not judging millions of people single-handedly . 
   putin was a very vocal opponent of the plans , taking every opportunity to predict it would literally be a disaster, 
  hmmm ... 
  i agree that both the us ( and its coalition ) and russia , as well as things like the sunni-shia conflict all have a share of the blame . 
  reved up ? 
  how ? 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  a website to rate drivers on the road ... i did n't expect that . 
  well , when using the foot brake , you have to remove your foot from the brake pedal to press the gas pedal . 
  when using the hand brake , you can apply gas and rev the engine while the car is still stopped ( not rolling back ) and that can prevent the car from rolling back on a very steep hill . 
  it 's definitely true that most driving schools use diesels because they are easier to operate the clutch without stalling . 
  my first car was a diesel as well and it would also start to roll when gently depressing the clutch . 
  now i drive a petrol and the clutch point is when the pedal is almost completely depressed and very `` narrow '' . 
  one of the stickers says he 's a vet though . 
  i just loved that video . 
  stupid people digging their own grave . 
  i wish i could see his face when the call from the cops or the prosecutor comes in . 
  the cla was available long before the current c class came on the market . 
  i 'd guess 98 % of all drivers or so do n't know how to use heel-toe , or have even heard of it . 
  the hand brake start is what most driving schools here in europe teach their pupils . 
  that makes sense , thank you . 
  so is the speaker seat automatically given to the party who wins the majority ? 
  did the guy tell you he was sorry for what happened ? 
  edit : just watched the video again and it appears he apologized immediately . 
  you think small people have less cold resistance ? 
  you might be slim and small , but apparently you troll even harder for that . 
  keep careful watch of my retarded brother 's soul ... 
  [ yeah ] ( http://img3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20110615203006/shipoffools/images/e/e5/30911-xbox-crash-bandicoot-la-ve-4.jpg ), 
  a japanese beauty . 
   what they 'll do is reduce the age of marriage/consent down to something like 14 for girls , and then get these older men to marry younger women . 
  lmao what ? 
  why does he think that ? 
  seriously , i know he wishes it were true , but what makes him think it 's really gon na happen outside of his dreams ? 
   millions of people have happy relationships without all this red pill bullshit, 
  seriously , this . 
  also , do they believe that every story of a woman falling in love with a man who is not `` top 1 % '' , in the history of mankind , is fake ? 
   i taught her everything i had learned from porn, 
   musclebound92, 
   hitler was jewish, 
  no , this ca n't be real . 
  this is a trp parody , right ? 
  does n't make any sense . 
  `` virginity is extremely important , because i once had a unicorn relationship with a virgin woman who then left me . 
  conclusion : virginity is key . '', 
  many gina tingles . 
  so realistic story . 
  very true . 
  not fictive at all . 
  lessons learned : women desire group acceptance more than anything else . 
  sources : none . 
  `` adjust your alphaness and betaness to fit her '' `` why are you sticking with a 5.5-6 ? 
  adjust your smv while you keep her as a plate . '', 
  `` virgins and sluts '' . 
  god , what disgusting creatures . 
  i hope i never run into them in my real life . 
  marcel koller happened . 
  something something liberal san francisco art graduate immediately came to mind . 
  i think you rather ate a bench weighing 350 pounds . 
  who did n't even have enough self confidence to take part in the plot of his brothers . 
  danish referring to the original article , which is about danish car taxes . 
  like many girls do when they are together with bond villains , because these are often psychotic and mad . 
  just 4 or 5 years ago something like this would 've been unthinkable for anyone watching the austrian team . 
  marcel koller has done such a fantastic job with our team , such an improvement . 
  3rd place ? 
  can you even qualify being 3rd place in the group ? 
  you look like generic paratrooper # 27 on band of brothers who got killed on d-day an no one ever remembers . 
  he would 've let her live out of pity . 
  what i do n't understand from this description is why would there be tons of costs coming to the family ? 
  i agree with you , it 's just a little funny to see how these kind of threads work : someone posts something , then red pill comments on it , then you see the blue pill thread which comments the red pill comments of the original post . 
  that 's like internet fun on three different levels . 
  getting colored contact lenses and a leather jacket are two more very helpful pieces of advice from / r/theredpill . 
  you do n't need good health in all aspects you mentioned to have a relationship . 
  deadbeats , alcoholics , drug addicts , mentally ill people have relationships . 
  someone who is n't perfect in the aspects you mentioned ( physical , social , mental , emotional , and sexual ) might be well off to know that he should improve these things to be more attractive , but he can still find relationships . 
  other people are flawed too . 
  it would be a good thing if trp , and therefore tbp , did n't exist . 
  i 'm not happy about trp , i 'm sick about its existence , i 'm sick that there are so many hateful people out there . 
  mockery and talking about why their world views are wrong helps to process all that hatred that can really make you sick when you indulge in it too long . 
  there is hardly any real hatred on tbp , only contemptuous mockery .
