  perhaps women just do n't talk about it in online spaces , but i have n't seen it . 
  again , this is just my impression . 
  toxic people like the ones who made that picture in the op would say that his wife secretely still loves tall men more and is just waiting for a tall alpha to come along and pick her . 
  she just took him because of his money or fame or something like that . 
   but watch a 6 ' 0 girl try and hit on some 5 ' 5 or 5 ' 6 dudes at some point in time, 
  this is n't happening . 
  you could also say men dominating and women being in a submissive role in society is natural and not a societal construct . 
  no wonder the germans beat them in the war . 
  by the way , in my current game , germany did n't manage to take copenhagen for like 3 months or so . 
  they always attacked the 7 divisions in copenhagen ( including one american expeditionary division ) with only one division , never winning . 
  they finally suceeeded after a long time . 
  die laffer-kurve in aktion . 
  from skimming over the subreddit , i noticed your post because i have your res counter on +10 already . 
  so you seem to post good material . 
  i agree with your post !, 
  a therapist is paid to help you , so you can tell him all you want about these theories . 
  he 'll hopefully teach you how to critically review them and examine if they really help you in life . 
  word !, 
  yes and no . 
  incels who do n't put in enough effort , sit around and expect the world to embrace them exist . 
  elliot rodger was one . 
  then there 's other people who put in reasonable amounts of effort ( remember that making yourself attractive is n't the only thing in life , most people still have to spend time for their education , do their day jobs , keep up their friendships , keep up the relationships with their parents , etc. ), 
  and still struggle . 
  the reasons can be numerous , socializing can be hard if you grew up in a certain way and approaching women can be a completely frigthening task that some do n't want to undertake out of self-protection ( that 's why most women probably do n't approach , they do n't have to go up to a person with the possibility of being rejected ) . 
  incels can absolutely have positive and even great traits , they can be enjoyable people once you get to know them , but if they do n't approach people ( women ) , they will not be able to share these traits . 
  acknowledge that it 's completely possible for an average looking guy to go through years of his life and never make the experience of just a single woman showing interest in him . 
  also , some people do care about incels . 
  just in this thread there are people trying to spread awareness and speaking out for more mental help funding . 
  in denmark it actually does . 
  what makes you think so ? 
  suvs in general are boring , not dependant on the brand . 
  a bmw x5 is just a boring , while a 3 series is not ( imo ) . 
  well , whatever people they might be composed of , you can find the clothes they recommend for bigger people too . 
  and ftfy . 
  they 're always blonde and they 're always placed in such a seat position so you can see their legs . 
  what 's stretched ? 
  how do you know he 's a virgin ? 
  yet she will probably vote the party which will block all bills what would help homeless veterans . 
  the memes were a default subreddit ? 
  low value to whom ? 
  some girls do , some are assholes just like some men are assholes . 
  other girls will not find that attractive . 
  are you serious ? 
  hundreds of thousands innocents died in that fuck-up . 
  germany was n't part of it . 
  ` women ' are a heterogeneous group ... i 'm surprised you did n't know this since you have a blue tag . 
  so with `` women in general '' , you ca n't be awkward , ever ? 
  women wo n't ever find it acceptable , not even in the `` shy cute guy '' kind of way ? 
  how large a percentage are women in general ? 
  does `` not want to have casual sex with '' automatically imply they think a man has low value ? 
  i love you , redditor . 
  i can imagine the other two guys are a little weirded out that the guy on the left took his pants and socks off but refuse to say anything . 
  it 's just an ancient indian symbol . 
  what would interest me more is where the trope `` women are perfect creatures '' was ever proclaimed or reinforced . 
  a lot of people here say they have been brought up with the belief that women are perfect . 
  i have never , nor through my parents , relatives , friends , tv , teachers , movies or by anyone else been told that women are this , in my entire life . 
  i 'm in my 20s and i do n't go to bars . 
  the `` help feminism '' list has a point , no ? 
  right . 
  what i meant was you shold not do all those things ( help , fix things , support issues ) for women * because * they are women . 
  would n't neoclassical ideas plead for a small state , a reduction of the military size , and thus , the teacher should be critical of `` america world police '' ? 
  i hate this so much . 
  on one hand , it 's disrespectful towards countries with good social systems , because they have to chip in a lot of their earnings to keep this system going . 
  on the other hand , it 's also helping to destroy attempts to improve the social system in the states as well . 
   when the cops come up to arrest him , can they say `` go fuck yourself you piece of shit pig , i did nothing wrong and i 'm not telling you my name '' ? 
  if you say that to a cop in america , you 're gon na be in big trouble , i promise you . 
  for any anecdotal evidence you give about women not being forced to take on problems , to just be able to start crying and let a man come and fix the problem , i can name an example of my own experience from women being forced to take on problems , to fix things entirely on their own , or only with the assistance , but not the takeover of the problem , of a man . 
  life is diverse , dude . 
  you say you 're a romantic . 
  as a romantic , this realization can have a positive angle . 
  if only so few people are suited for each other , it means their relationship is something special , something unique . 
  a relationship between two people is something that , in this special form , has never existed in the history of humanity . 
  it is , in its own way , completely unique . 
  so finding a girlfriend can be hard , because only a few women are suited for you ( and you are suited for them ) , but it can also be a very special , snowflakey thing . 
  from a romantic viewpoint , this can be beautiful . 
  regardless , most people have relationships in their lifes , and i would confidently say that most men do n't approach thousands of women in their lifetimes . 
  that alone should make it clear to you that your view is biased , and coloured very negatively . 
  i think it 's all a big hypocrisy . 
  neo-cons and the likes urge for small states and `` self-responsibility '' , while stocking up military budgets , just like bush did ( while reducing taxes at the same time ) . 
  then they argue for reducing welfare institutions , ignoring that the us military itself is a huge job-creating machine and a sort of welfare institution for its members . 
  where in society do you see men being forced to fix women 's problems ? 
  our society is very individualistic and the mindset of `` me first , everyone else second '' , seems to be the most prevalent in our times . 
  the `` approach women '' article was written by a man and it says do n't approach women unless in social spaces , not do n't approach them in social spaces like you put it . 
  oh god i hate the coping phrase . 
  they basically use it to destroy any criticism of their toxic worldview in the incel spaces . 
  as soon as you doubt that `` sub humans should just commit suicide '' , you are coping . 
  this mindset is toxic and hurtful to men . 
  that would be accepting defeat when there 's still a lot of possibility . 
  blackpigeonspeaks ( an alt-righter on youtube ) : `` when female sexuality is left unchecked , harems form . '', 
  seems like there are some really shitty people in your university . 
  if a girl tells you that , she is not worth any of your time . 
  find better ones . 
  he has a point though . 
  only 4 % of women or so would date a man shorter than themselves , according to studies . 
   i do n't think men say `` women provide no value to me or society other than their interchangeable cunts '' to one another ( especially knowing that most men have mothers and/or sisters that they love , and are probably being roasted currently by their other friends ) . 
  yes . 
  thank you . 
  german diesel submarines were often able to penetrate american carrier defense groups in nato exercises . 
  i believe the us carriers would n't last long in an open war . 
  carriers are nice if you station them off the cost of a poor third world country , but submarines are cheap and deadly .
