  take a look at some of the stuff posted [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/thebluepill/comments/2nj2ed/my_compilation_of_posts_on_why_trp_is_sexist_and/ ) , and think about if this stuff would be worthy enough to `` oppose rationally '' . 
  `` women are children '' , the exact words of a mod on trp , given hundreds of upvotes . 
  this is what you want to discuss rationally ? 
  or maybe some women do n't want men who rate women as numerals . 
  i do n't , and never have ... `` sweetheart '' . 
  i hope he receives a prison sentence and never gets to command a truck again . 
  yeah , you do n't lose that much height by getting older ... i hope : /, 
  i would assume your mom did n't do a lot of sports or gymnastics to keep her back healthy . 
  my mom is in her late 50 's and also shrunk quite a bit , but she also has back problems and does n't do anything about it . 
  i can understand the body line is a bit controversial , but the front looks to me is something you ca n't really hate , it 's distinctively `` japanese '' . 
  the aggressive `` grinning '' headlights are something japanese cars have sported for so many years now it 's almost a trademark . 
  i also have a milano red civic , although a 5-door and not a type r. 
  sir , you car is fucking awesome . 
  read that in sia 's voice . 
  sunni-shia conflict also plays a huge role . 
  i do n't know about that ... i think the boot and back window could be a bit more elongated which would make it look a bit more elegant . 
  then again , this is what hatchbacks look like , they just have very short asses . 
  what i love on the other hand are the seperate exhausts . 
  i do n't think any car of that class from that build year had them ... of course now , more compact cars , including the german premium product ( cough , cough ) vw golf gti have seperate exhausts after honda sported them ... :d, 
  some have a lot available in the west , but some are piss poor there too . 
  looks like you and your dwarf companions found smaug , and ate him . 
  hey !, 
  really nice to see you here again . 
  pretty . 
  i 've heard syria is a pretty nice place this time of the year . 
  this is my edifice ef-503d-1avef ( black dial version ) for now almost 4\u00a01/2 years . 
  i used it for nearly every activity , including showering , swimming , garden work and other physical work for that time . 
  the first battery died some months ago and i just had a new one fitted , and now she works like on day one again . 
  wear & tear of the appearance is pretty heavy - the steel bracelet has scratches on almost all links , as well as the clasp and underside of the watch . 
  the bezel has some small dents and a minor paint chip and the glass has several small scratches and a tiny bit of glass is chipped off at one spot . 
  another tiny flaw is that on the stopwatch , the minute dial is slightly off the 0 position - i 'm sure this can be fixed easily . 
  other than that i 'm pretty satisfied with it , and i 'm confident she will make the next 4\u00a01/2 years with ease . 
  hey , i 'm not sure if it 's a defect . 
  i do n't pay attention to it , but i know the lume goes dark pretty quickly , and on watch forums i 've seen people saying casio 's have weak lumes and brands like seiko glow like torchlights compared to them . 
  but 10-15 minutes seems short . 
  i will check it on mine as soon as it 's dark . 
  i agree , edifices 's are probably all solid from the technical standpoint , but so many designs just look like crap , or they are too big . 
  you have to search for some time to find the ones who are really classic . 
  vtec or i-ctdi ? 
  it was a very insightful answer , based on many facts . 
  how did `` thousands of people '' die after being declared fit for work ? 
  he carried over the old driver seat from his previous e46 , because he lost his virginity on that seat . 
  interesting , but i could not find in this article the reasons why these people died . 
  if i understand correctly , these were very ill people being declared fit for work , who subsequently died because of their illness ( which means they were really not fit for work ) . 
  it does not however say that they died predominantly because of their `` fit for work '' decision . 
  like if they were forced to take on work , and that work lead to their death . 
  what ? 
  that 's not a reasonable answer . 
  my post was reasonable and i was simply giving my thoughts . 
  thank you . 
  it often happens in strong ideological subreddits , like here , and i 've also been downvoted for asking legit questions in r/worldnews , which is rather right-wing . 
  or someone who has simply not heard of the story . 
  i can guarantee you that most outside of the uk have not . 
  this is not as self-evident as you might think . 
  in my country , unfit-for-work benefits and health care are seperate . 
  you receive benefits if you are unable to work , but you get your necessary treatment by the state health insurance no matter if you are fit for work or not . 
  this is why i was confused . 
  if the uk system really denies you health care if you are unemployed and ca n't find a job , it 's a horrible system . 
  so , i just made some tests . 
  when leaving the watch under a bright light source for 10 minutes , the lume is pretty much gone after 15 mintues of darkness . 
  when not exposing it straight to a light source ( so , normal use under room light ) a little bit of lume remains after 15 minutes , and it 's completely dark after 23 minutes . 
  so i 'd say your watch is not defective . 
  i do n't think this is too horrible however , i 'd say most of the times you are awake you have at least some light , and you mostly sleep when it 's totally dark . 
  in my experience , you can still read the time if there is very little light left , such as in the cinema . 
  seriously , a couple of hours ago i read a thread with this exact gallery , it had thousands of comments and upvotes . 
  i ca n't find it anymore . 
  where did it go ? 
  a front page post on reddit and the most upvoted comment mentions strache and the green party ... is this still reddit ? 
  is austria suddenly famous ? 
  it struck me when he used the strawman argument about saudi arabia not taking in refugees , in a post that was about criticizing left european politics . 
  pretty sure every political party in europe is aware that saudi arabia is a shithole country with a shitty government , and everyone thinks that they should take in refugees , but they wo n't . 
  only on their views on race and ethnics , economically and in welfare stuff they are far more left than the tea party and even the republicans . 
  iirc her character did not die in the movie . 
  there are two interpretations , one being that she died in the end , and one that she did n't . 
  cameron never said which one is the true canon version . 
  why do you spend time on 4chan ? 
  i looked for vostok 's on ebay and some are pretty cheap . 
  are they made in russia ? 
  i 'm asking because i know alot of `` german '' automatics which are from china . 
  an interesting film about the spanish civil war : land and freedom ( 1995 ), 
  what i find really attractive are these kind of women , who somehow , let 's put it that way , do not feel they have to emphasize their femininity through their visual appearance . 
  this would also fit well in / r/thingscutinhalfporn . 
  i guess i could say that !, 
  thanks , i will remember to give it a look !, 
  and there 's also people with bad manners . 
  damn , i got strong automatic preference over other people than arab muslims or something like that . 
   there 's also an odd feeling that you should have been born in a different century . 
  / r/lewronggeneration, 
  ( in jude law 's voice ) `` print media is dying ! '', 
  oh my god these car pile-ups in san andreas were amazing . 
  you really had cars driving really fast and crashing in to each other at highways , haha . 
  then there was this other bug/feature where cars which were driving towards you stopped to 0 in like an inch before you . 
  so weird . 
  cardan shaft on the bottom . 
  same goes for rappers . 
  dude , do yourself a favour and get out of this subreddit . 
  these guys are openly denying the holocaust and defending neo-nazi revisionist conspiracy nuts such as this rudolf guy , who - rightly so - landed in prison for his bullshit . 
  what 's the use of trying to discuss with these guys ? 
  when i drove a dent in my new to me honda in a cinema parking lot when backing out , i was close to jumping off a bridge out of sadness . 
  wow .
