  haha , in middle europe this would get you in big trouble both as employee and as parent . 
  guess we are pretty different . 
  when i was a kid , my parents being angry with me was enough punishment . 
  it felt terrible , knowing they were disappointed in me and did n't like me for doing a certain thing . 
  is the okcupid study your only source for this claim ? 
  most guys have sex so luckily there 's enough pussy to go around . 
  checkmate . 
  that 's quite obviously tom hanks . 
   if you are a man , we already feel safe and our feelings are not powerful enough to dictate all our decisions, 
  yeah right , haha . 
  there would n't be a car mechanic forum where `` mechanics '' would lament all day about how shitty cars are and why bycicles are so much more awesome and honorous mode of transportation . 
  one of the cops should have run back a couple of hundred meters ( behind the road barrier of course ) and warn oncoming drivers with his hands . 
  but the cops just stood there . 
  ease up on the french stereotypes . 
  drunk driver , or what was the cause ? 
  but the ladies wo n't dig it if your arrive with the bus . 
  you 'll still lose a key worth a couple hundred dollars . 
  i love how you framed it as `` incompatible culture '' and in the same breath demanded to execute them . 
  oh , the irony . 
  obviously these issues are still talked about , a lot in my environment . 
  migration is n't a new thing . 
  mommy are we going the harry potter exhibition ? 
  it 's still a useless waste of resources , not a great exampe of humanity . 
  i do n't think anybody in this thread or anywhere else ever denied it 's his money or said that 's the issue . 
  it 's an unproductive and lame hobby that deserves to be mocked . 
  or can you imagine this conversation : `` well grandpa , i like to destroy expensive electronics for fun '' - `` well gee johnny , what a grand thing to do , i 'm so proud of you ! '', 
  how historically unrealistic . 
   each fleet can have 3 adjacent sea zones selected for their missions . 
  ( this reduces your micro if you did n't know about it ), 
  will the fleet automatically follow the convoy that is passing through these zones ? 
  or will it patrol empty zones while the convoy has moved forward ? 
  because i obviously wan na be sure the troop transports are safe . 
  thanks for your input !, 
  you 're probably right that the italians are n't a big threat to the british navy , as it was with previous hoi games . 
  but it appears that in this game , even weaker factions can pose a significant threat to major powers . 
  with one of my older ship fleets , when patrolling the english channel , i came across some italian submarines . 
  they reinforce the stack to about 42 subs and take up the fight . 
  i killed 16 subs but also lost 6 destroyers and one of my older battleships was down to 1.5 % health ( ! ), 
  even though it immediately retreated after receiving one or two good hits . 
  this is great because it makes you really concerned about patrolling the seas which i felt was not as intense in hoi2 . 
  one positive point ( among other good and bad points ) of this game . 
  what bothers me more is that the ai also fucks their naming up . 
  because they changed their unit template , german divisions are now named something like `` 31 . 
  infantry type 2 '' . 
  really annoying . 
  what mod is that ? 
  i also have this issue . 
  invading iraq was essential to american freedumbs , because of ~ ~ weapons of mass destructions ~ ~ important reasons . 
  most people probably do n't think much about it . 
  clicking `` like '' only costs a second and it makes you feel satisfied that you honored the military , makes you think you did something good with little effort . 
  pseudoscience and nonsensical rambling . 
   and the narrative of pretty much every fucking movie ( particularly kids and young adult movies ) is the nerdy , weird , deep and different kid male ultimately winning over the super hot girl at the end , usually over the affections of some jock whose temperament is comically over-the-top asshole . 
  would n't you realize that that 's bullshit by yourself at some point though ? 
  kids are n't that stupid . 
  why would an average man ( as most people are just average ) always get the `` super hot girl '' ? 
  it makes not much sense from a logical perspective . 
  a lot of the male protagonist characters in these kids movies also have positive traits , and are often good looking too . 
  also , most people have relationships during these years . 
  if you did n't , you are not a victim of some deliberate feminazi conspiracy , you 're simply an exception . 
  this is nothing bad or anything you should be ashamed of , but it 's something that you experienced in an individual manner , which can depend on hundreds of possible factors - your upbringing , your personality , your lifestyle , your friends , your looks , your place of living , your parents , teachers , relatives and so on . 
  a part of growing up and becoming an adult is being able to accept the way things went when you grew up - this is how you spent your youth , these are the feelings you 've experienced at that time , and the things that were difficult for you ( such as finding a girlfriend ) , and that 's perfectly fine . 
  this is how your youth looked like . 
  you might have n't experienced sex at that age , but that 's okay - this was your own , individual way of growing up , and no evil conspiracy . 
  which is even pretty historical for the soviet union in the early war . 
  mass before class . 
  trp is an own ideology , with key persons and central statements of truth . 
  bp is not . 
  bp is a term referring to everyone that does not abide by this ideology . 
  trp is a much more narrow structure than bp . 
  trp is a minority of men both in the internet and the real world . 
  most adult people in europe or the us would react to reading the trp subreddit with utter disgust , so i think it 's safe to say most people are not rp . 
  the mods and endorsed contributors say these very things which the majority would find offensive . 
  are those loser spergs too ? 
  `` dad , why are we fords ? '', 
  you have to understand that many people do not even believe a sexual marketplace exists , nor would they accept the notion that it 's some sort of fight where you have to `` arm yourself '' to compete . 
  not everybody has your world view . 
  to be completely honest , you sound like a male terper who uses a troll acount to pretend he 's a woman . 
  just like that mra dude matt forney who once created an own blog pretending to be a submissive minnesota housewife who regularly gets spanked by her husband . 
  the quality of this sub is showing again ... 
  no , not pandering to men , pandering to their world view that awalt . 
  i must have missed it , what did make him lose it ? 
  that 4chan diagram you 've posted is terrible . 
  i see this so often from spheres like 4chan , sluthate , incel forums , all these places . 
  stuff like this can be extremely hurtful to men . 
  it 's all negative content with the message of `` the world is terrible and unfair , there is nothing you can do , let me explain why there is no hope for you with theories i claim are the truth '' , all directed to men . 
  i wonder who creates this and why ? 
  are they so hopeless themselves , that they believe they need to inflict their mindset to every other man ? 
  do they actually believe they spread the truth ? 
  and ironically , they say women are cruel , while they themselves advise men with certain attributes to commit suicide . 
   haha , what bullshit . 
   here 's what `` healthy body '' really means :, 
   no being fat , have to be toned , not have stretch marks or cellulite which is incredibly rare for even the most fit women , must have a favorable body shape which is outside of one 's control , slim with at least medium breasts , which again is a fairly rare combo, 
  i think the central argument is that women who do n't fit these criteria , while not having a chance to be hollywood beauties , will still have admirers . 
  women can be shy , confident , tall , short , skinny , chubby , pale , nerdy and weird , and there will be men who will find them attractive for exactly that . 
  just look at any popular show like the big bang theory and i bet there 's a sizeable number of men attracted to even the most bland female character there . 
  male fetishes exist for every possible attribute in females . 
  i think this has to do with male sexuality being incredibly diverse and various . 
  while the majority is not attracted to fat women , a sizeable number of men are . 
  i have n't seen this phenomenon with women , as female attraction seems a lot more `` narrow '' . 
  there is no short guy fetish .
