   sluthate , from what i can see , is just a pure , concentrated hit of random , inchoate misogyny , most of it strongly reeking of giggling stoner . 
  sluthate is a combination of women-hatred and self-hatred . 
  not only do they hate women and society in general , they also call themselves `` sub humans '' unworthy of living more than a couple of times . 
  it 's an overall completely toxic place , not helpful in any way but a circlejerk of rage and anger . 
  many of the users have asperger 's , which they talk about themselves a lot of times . 
  i do n't blame trp for despising it . 
  it 's the same theoretical foundation regarding women and society , that is true . 
  trp : women only want chad , be chad !, 
  sluthate : women only want chad , let 's whine about it all day . 
  i believe a lot of it is sincere . 
  self-hatred plays a big part of depression after all , and with all their nazi talk about best genes and facial aesthetics , i absolutely buy it that they consider their own genetics inferior and thus hate themselves . 
  who has ever said men have an obligation to date older women or `` sluts '' ? 
  i think most `` westerners '' would agree that if a family is created , ( children ) women also have to chip in their part of effort , time for the family , which are sacrifices . 
  so both are expected to make sacrifices . 
  what is often the cause of disagreement is that trp philosophy/stories seem robotic and unemotional to bp , while the bp view seems to soft and `` special snowflakey '' to trp . 
  when reading trp stories , it often appears to me as if the authors are robotic customers of a relationship rather than humans involved in a relationship . 
  while terpers might say `` a relationship is a contract , i want sex and intimacy from my woman and in return she gets safety , comfort and a stoic rock '' , as if it 's a business contract where you rent an apartment on certain conditions , bloopers would say that they feel they want more sex or intimacy in their current relationship , or a woman would say she feels the need for more comforting with her current boyfriend . 
  see the difference ? 
  terpers look at it like a mathematical formula that always works in a specific , exact way - give x , receive y , while most bloopers would find this irritating and `` unhuman '' , and they rather see every relationship as a specific , unique thing . 
  if they feel something is missing in a relationship , they would word it like `` i 'm unhappy with the sex life with my current partner '' instead of `` she 's not giving me enough sex '' , to name an example . 
  aaah , yes . 
  the horrid anti-american internet circlejerk . 
  i guess you could say he dusted him . 
  legend says they 're still thinking on where to go to eat . 
  what police departments were that ? 
  in europe , normally there is n't . 
  which ones have those 8 been ? 
  show hosts are allowed to have political stances . 
  this is top grade material for this sub . 
  what does it even mean ? 
  it 's a picture of the galaxy . 
  should we all join the starfleet ? 
  tumblr . 
  responses on responses on comments . 
  being elected is not the only standard a rightfully incumbent politician has to adhere to . 
  many dictators were once elected . 
  she should n't buy the big bottle of shampoo . 
  `` trump is more for the constitution and democracy than any of the other legitimate candidates '' , what does that even mean ? 
  i do n't agree being for torture and `` way worse things than waterboarding '' , proposing to ban an entire religious group from entering the country , praising violent protestors and `` loosening up libel laws '' is in any ways democratic or being in the spirit of the constitution . 
  yes he did ... multiple times he has praised his supporters for being violent , because apparently that 's a sign of `` passion . '', 
  [ http://www.nytimes.com/video/us/100000004269364/trump-and-violence.html] ( http://www.nytimes.com/video/us/100000004269364/trump-and-violence.html ), 
  and he called for a complete ban of muslims entering the country . 
  so edgy . 
  not true at all . 
  of course i know many successful people who are n't `` red pill '' , but it wo n't matter , since terpers like you will hamster away like a whirlwind and claim every good trait is a trp thing . 
  you would probably say a person who is determined , confident , goal-oriented and resilient in the face of hardship has followed a `` trp framework '' , when in fact all those traits are universally accepted positive traits . 
  but that does n't make a person a terper to me . 
  most successful people wo n't think `` a woman is the most responsible teenager in the house . '', 
  that 's not the natural order any more than monogamy is . 
  stop making up facts . 
  the facebook post you 're referring to stated ( from the original source ) : `` the main point ist that it 's one [ migrant ] less , best shoot them all so the pack is gone . '', 
  yeah , this will be considered hate speech in europe , we have a different political philosophy regarding this , what happened in nazi germany also played into shaping these laws . 
  do you have some further reading material regarding the slavic village culture ? 
  also out of interest , why did you say you were not a feminist in a different post ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's just supposed to have a tyre repair kit ... perhaps different regulations , as this one is in brazil ? 
  it just does n't seem to work though . 
  no matter how the french luxury cars look , they do n't sell nearly as well . 
  they were mostly in cheaper price ranges though , especially the tigra . 
  that and also emission standards , which get tighter constantly in the eu and car manufacturers have to pass them with their cars . 
  love the picture . 
  someone should report jimmy 's father to the child protection services . 
  so according to you ... women should have no political power , because of the `` female inherent deficiencies '' ? 
  at least you 're being honest about your views . 
  is he not leading the polls though ? 
  i 'm pretty sure must people of our `` culture '' would n't agree that a man stops being a man once he gets cheated on , or indulges in a cuckoldry fetish . 
  wow , a lot of bad stuff written in this thread . 
  trp hypocrisy confirmed . 
  trp , a `` movement for men '' , is hurting some men , confirmed . 
   to most men and women yes . 
  citation needed . 
  trp is a cult of masculinity , so it 's just natural it will shame men for not living up to a masculinity standard . 
  some men will not be able to live by this standard , and will be hurt by this obligation . 
  toxic masculinity in a nutshell . 
  til terpers can be triggered . 
  i 've heard the horror stories about us divorce courts , yet i also know only a small amount of child custody ever gets to the court , most divorce are settled without courts and there 's also a lot of men who do n't want custody . 
  and this aspect is not enough for the whole society to be `` matriarchal '' . 
  men still hold most the power in the world , in businesses , law , politics , national and international . 
  they still make more money , i know that this is because they choose higher-paying jobs , but still , more money usually means more power . 
  overall , i find the notion that we are ruled by women , or that society is only catered towards women ridiculous . 
  perhaps some men ( incredible , i know ) do n't believe in alpha or beta males or do n't think a pussy can be `` used up '' . 
  talk about solipsism at its finest , haha . 
  i disagree with the post of koennontiger . 
  i do n't agree a man has no possibility to `` defend his family '' when his wife cheats because assault or threatening has become illegal . 
  if a divorce is the only option , he can go to court and try to make the situation as good as possible for his children . 
  if the children are old enough , they can decide for themselves with whom they want to live . 
  a woman will face suspicion of being a bad mother as single parent , and for having put her children under the stress of divorcing , if she 's any good of a person she will have to face a lot of bad feelings for not having managed to create a working , harmonic family that will give her children a good safe haven for their young lives . 
  courts will consider which parent is closer to their kids when it comes to distribution of custody , and the opinion of the children also gets considered . 
  later , when the kids are 12 or 13 , they will get even more leverage and can even decide for themselves which parent they would like to be with . 
  in financial regards , who earns more money is also relevant for divorce courts . 
  and of course , what also plays part is your role to find a good woman who feels no incentive to `` divorce rape '' you and destroy the entire family out of selfishness . 
  but what do the atlanta employees do when they have to walk all across the parking lot to get to the restaurant from their car ? 
  i like to call him `` setdumbumes '' . 
  get better friends !, 
  been lurking at purplepilldebate . 
  one guy there says while men are more logical , they can also feel more `` deeply '' on an emotional level . 
  because they know what they love about a woman , while a woman , albeit feeling love , is unable to explain what she loves about a man . 
  to be honest , i can kinda see where they 're coming from . 
  when you 're a young man growing up , and receive no attention from women whatsoever , and at the same time , read about mass murderers receiving love letters from women in prison , you could rightly feel confused and even angry at this situation . 
  were women sheltered and safe from physical abuse by their husbands before feminism arose ? 
  just to put a different perspective on the whole `` women were so sheltered and safe , they had nothing to complain about , feminism was not needed '' narrative .
