  these spergtards . 
   and , bs , women do enjoy `` doing things '' to men as it 's very lovely to give pleasure to a man that you like very much and care for . 
  it 's a normal human activity and attitude . 
  good to know - really , no sarcasm . 
  glad to hear that . 
  yeah , i 've seen that figure before . 
  really interesting and puts a different light to the `` the female frame of attraction is very narrow '' theory . 
  thanks for the input . 
  the theory that a lot of women assume they are only submissive makes sense to me . 
  thanks for the input !, 
  did his submissiveness have to do with your relationship breaking up - that 's obviously what trp would assume because his behaviour was a beta trait - or where there other reasons ? 
  also , do you believe heterosexual sex can happen on an equal playing field , with no submissiveness that comes with the act of penetration as you mentioned ? 
   women are more passive in sex generally so id say yes . 
  it doesnt mean they want to be roughed up all the time , more that unavoidably they need a man who can dominate , control with skill , the proceedings somewhat, 
  why is that though ? 
  i understand the man has to do what he has to do in bed ( the sex thing and so ) , but i see nothing that stops a woman from taking over the party and deciding what to do next , and telling the guy how to do it . 
  it 's not like the woman is mentally retarded , she should be able to take over `` leadership '' for a change . 
  if that were true only the best males would get their time of the day with women . 
  but most men have relationships in their lives . 
  clearly we are more than our instincts . 
  despite my bad source , my assumption does n't seem too incorrect though . 
  the difference from, 
   for the vast majority however being submissive means being handled by a man , a bit of roughly play and maaybe a toy or two, 
   why are women 's fetishes mostly passive and submissive, 
  does n't seem that big , does it ? 
  and `` roughly play '' can easily mean some light slapping or spanking , which is what the women in porn overwhelmingly claim to like , and seeing the prevalence of rape fantasies and the success of 50 shades of grey , this general trend to submissive , passive behaviour seems a little weird to me , considering that women are supposedly equally capable and on eye level with men regarding their possibilities in life today . 
   first off you have to observe women . 
  get to know them . 
  you will hear about why it 's good to feel small with a larger , stronger man . 
  why feeling safe brings a sense of contentment . 
  why pleasing a lover is pleasurable in itself . 
  how being successful and intelligent does not negate these feelings or devalue them in any way . 
  ignore the internet and listen to irl females . 
  honestly , the sense of feeling safe and content and small gives me the impression of being a child next to a grown up adult human . 
  perhaps that 's why it seems weird to me - taking a child 's role while living in a world that raised you to be an autonomous adult . 
  perhaps it 's just the jealousy speaking out of me though - while women can feel comfortable in such a role , as a man i would be afraid of being a `` beta '' and losing my appeal to a woman , not allowing me to exercise such a behavior . 
   also , it would only be `` weird '' if literally all women were submissive . 
  that 's not the case, 
  not all , but as you said two posts ago , the large majority of women are . 
  would you like to get penetrated up your ass by your girlfriend ? 
  before you say no , remember that not every thought is absolute and even if you have considered it before and found it not to be for you , your opinion could change due to a positive experience with a caring partner . 
  of course that 's the stereotypical af/bb model that trp likes to sell as the single truth , but i 'm talking about women who love their imperfect , not top of the pack partners enthusiastically . 
  i 've seen women here talk about their boyfriends who could be struck with ptsd , depressions , and other weaknesses , and said they loved them as a whole package - they loved them not despite their flaws , but as whole human beings that included these flaws . 
  they also emphasized they did n't compromise on their partners . 
  that certainy goes against your `` selection of the best possible male '' theory . 
   feminism is a shit test that men as a whole is failing . 
  how do you imagine that playing out ? 
  do you think if men started to reinforce their manliness as a whole , and act extremely alpha and manly , then all women would gladly give up their emancipation , quit their careers , and return to the kitchen , barefoot and pregnant , and society as a whole would be happier ? 
  i 've never heard of a woman with a foot fetish . 
  the question was n't directed at me , haha . 
  whether they are a minority or not wo n't stop me from searching for these women . 
  and i really would n't call men with the mentioned issues `` defective '' , since depressed , traumatized men can also be very capable , manly men . 
   and women here be sayin ' women are n't picky , that women are n't hypergamous when they only see beanpoles to be real men . 
  she does n't represent all women . 
  i would n't say that based on my experiences . 
  more like need a car to survive , while you can rely on public transportation in other places . 
  funny that a wile ago people paid extra to have painted side mirrors instead of the matte plastic ones . 
  your reading comprehension . 
  it needs work . 
  why is your flair `` not worthless '' ? 
  who has hurt you so badly that you need to point out the obvious for everyone to see ? 
  you just described the mindset of incel forums like sluthate or lookism . 
   were all these men raised by chads ? 
  because i have to assume some of them have average looking parents, 
  they usually go for the `` the time of my parents was different , it was a time before casual hookups , tinder and slutty women , where appearance was not all that mattered '' argument at that point . 
   you 've convinced yourself you into three women because you know you ca n't get hotter women . 
  `` as a poster from ppd , let me tell you that i know how you think better than you do even though i do n't know you . '', 
  i find attractive girls attractive because they 're attractive to me . 
  cute little thing . 
  are those laugh tracks actually in the game, 
  he 's the author . 
  oh , i agree . 
  that game really touched my heart . 
  you did n't go wrong anywhere , that 's just life . 
  not everyone will have such a deep , meaningful connection to someone else in high school . 
  that 's okay though , there 's still enough other chances for that in life . 
  that is a lot of bs for one single post . 
  the tornado was pretty much fate 's way of retribution for max changing time and disrupting the natural way of things . 
  it 's not explained at all , which is probably intended to keep some things mysterious and unknown . 
  i found the characters pretty likeable , especially max . 
  i found her a caring and loveable person . 
   but if i did go back in time , why did n't i just walk out from behind the wall and be all like `` oh hey man , im in here ... '' i 'm sure their argument would n't have gotten heated at all so i would n't have to reverse time at all . 
  because that would still be manipulating the original timeline ... chloe had to die . 
  i feel flattered . 
  i 'm curious , how was it an eye opening experience to you ? 
  what did you learn from it ? 
  i 'm not the only one !, 
   crippling depression, 
  yeah , this caused me to lose at least one year in my academic career . 
  calling baldness a genetic defect seems pretty harsh to me . 
  in any case , it makes a person even more shitty for using an uncontrollable genetic trait as a `` gotcha ! '', 
  argument , as if that shows the person having actual values in any sense . 
  i agree with you , but just wanted to point out that mayweather shaves his hair . 
  the feminist body positivity sphere absolutely exists in society , but it 's not the only one . 
  men 's preferences still count , and feminists do n't control the entire world . 
  like even if a feminist magazine that is not read by men promotes women of all sizes being beautiful , it does n't men that a woman ca n't feel insecure because other people or other media sources tell her she is n't good enough . 
  man , take a look at this . 
  this is just sad . 
   also , being cheated on with a little beta does n't quite have the soul shattering effect that it does if she fucks chad . 
   one says you were n't there enough or she 's a dumb hoe and fucked up , and basically leaves your ego in tact .
