  it 's a strange behaviour no matter how you put it . 
  i would n't go as far as saying he could never get the lead in a show or movie solely because of his apperance . 
  that seems a bit too extreme . 
  ag systems . 
  i mean , it 's not like every single straight women in our society follows the `` have fun sex with high value men you ca n't commit to , and then snag a lower value man '' route . 
  there 's plenty of women who get together with their high school sweetheart or who meet their long time partner in early adulthood . 
  let 's not forget that also . 
  `` genetic center '' what bullshit is that now . 
  sublimemongrel said in this very thread that the average marriage age is 27 years for women and most of them meet their partners a few years before that . 
  so it 's a sizeable number . 
  what 's the definition of alpha tell me . 
  knockout punch . 
  rumors say some men happily stick to their aging women , even though they would be able to get younger ones . 
  better tell them their wives are commodities losing value so they change their mind . 
  what about the lower tier women though ? 
  there are statistical overlaps between certain traits , but these are not signifcant enough that we can make these generalizations on an indivdual level , because there 's enough ugly ass tall people or dumb ass people with perfect skin ( also i would love to see a source for the tall people are symetric claim ) or rich successsful people who are not aesthetically pleasing , that we can observe such examples on a daily basis . 
  and enough to conclude that if a man is not perfect , or whatever , he does n't have to worry about being on the short end of anything . 
  stop sperging around with these attempts at mathematically quantifying human success . 
  there 's a big difference between real science and the dogmatic , almost religious use of selected scientific findings present in this sub . 
  i 'm going to assume that the theory of a `` genetic center '' is your own and you have no facts to back it up , other than the existence for the statistical correlations between certain physical and mental traits you just mentioned . 
  so what we have here is not me being unable to grasp a scientifically accepted fact , but me not accepting a theory you apparently made up on your own . 
  either way , i ca n't make the connection between the relevance of your theory and op 's statement , which is that a large number of men are frustrated because modern , western women have inflated expectations of men as partners . 
  you said in response , that a `` genetic center '' exists where good looking people make big money , are smart and have good skin . 
  how is that relevant to the op ? 
  op did n't even say anything about himself but about society in general , and you responded that he is n't in the genetic center and belongs to the short end of the stick , which is n't even related to your theory , because it does n't state that people not belonging to a genetic center do n't find partners ( hint : they do ) . 
   this is a fact . 
  individual men can have standards . 
  but men , as a whole , have none . 
  not every man will have sex with an unattractive woman , but there 's always some man who will do it . 
  not regarding the topic you 're adressing , this is n't really a valid argument . 
  `` some men will fuck an unattractive women '' does not mean that the majority will . 
  we could turn it around and say an ugly man statistically will have found someone who was willing to fuck him and therefore the majority of women do n't have standards . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  which is exactly why i do n't get people telling me `` just try online dating , it 's so simple and easy . '', 
   it 's controversial to say that bigger people have bigger brains and bigger iq . 
  because that 's not true , at least not in the absolutist way it is framed in this sentence . 
  there 's a slight correlation between height and iq , from what i 've read on the wiki article , which does n't mean that all bigger people are smarter . 
   you want to all of a sudden throw in the notion that nature uses men to roll the genetic dice and then have the women pick the men with the best genes ? 
  but that 's not true . 
  there 's many attributes on choosing a partner and `` genetics '' is one but many . 
  humans have constantly shown over their history that they are capable of going far beyond their pure biological imperative . 
   as for how it was relevant ? 
  it was n't . 
  my main point was that he was assuming independent events when they are n't . 
  oh ok , so what 's the value of your post , other than shaming op and calling him a `` whiny manlet '' for posting on a debate subreddit , and other than to propose your unproven theory on genetic centers ? 
  op did n't even refer to the dependence or independence of genetic traits , for all he said was that women have unrealistic expectations and want the top 2.5 % , or whatever . 
  the top 2.5 % could have the best genetic traits and thus confirm your theory for all we know . 
   also , i find it funny that on `` forwards from hitler '' there 's a video pertaining to anti-semitism being a bad thing . 
  because that 's usually just lip service . 
  the people making these videos usually do n't care about antisemitism unless they can blame it on muslims . 
  but most men in today 's sexually liberated times have partners ... 
  i believe this is true . 
  women are more diverse than rp paints them . 
  because serial killers create popular attention , and when a person gets known to hundred thousands of people , there 's a good chance a couple of them will get a crush on that person . 
  right , but can you prove this is a majority of men ? 
  because even if a fat girl gets a hundred tinder matches , those hundred guys willing to fuck her could only represent 5 % of the male population willing to have sex with fatties . 
  american high school world view . 
  what if the response would be : because no other women exist ? 
  yeah , meanwhile i 'm living in a mythical land of fairytales where most men have partners . 
  selfish males have always existed , no matter if they got in a tradtional marriage or not . 
  trp tells guys that women are biologically built to be disloyal , immature and incapable of true love . 
  they do n't say that guys are like that . 
  women exerted their soft power even in traditional marriages and were often the unofficial boss of the household in those times , too . 
  that being said , dysfunctional and abusive marriages with selfish men definitely existed before the emancipation and i 'd argue that the lack of social services , women 's rights movements and women shelters could 've promoted those abusive relationships more because women had less options and awareness to get out of them . 
  i know for a fact my grandfather ( a ww2 veteran , died in the 80s ) physically abused his wife and children during their marriage repeatedly . 
  it never stops too . 
  you got ta eat every day , and when you 're done , you know that the duty of having to eat will come again tomorrow . 
  adding to that , i do n't like most foods . 
  there 's perhaps 5 % of all foods ever created in the history of mankind that i really crave . 
  snacks can have a lot of calories actually , if you eat a fair amount . 
  chips and coca cola both have a lot of calories . 
  unlike fat people , our problems are not societally accepted . 
  how do you mean that ? 
  why does exercise optimize gain ? 
  i love their `` future outfits '' . 
  i like this model accord , very sporty and stylish . 
  good choice . 
  that means you got ta eat twice the daily amount on one day to be free of eating on the other day , which means forcing yourself to eat against the feeling of being saturated ? 
  are you taking his dessert ? 
  now where 's your partner homer simpson ? 
  i 've ony seen anorexia recognized as a problem relating to insecure teenage girls who feel the need to live up to media 's beauty standards . 
  i 've never seen it related to boys or men anywhere while growing up . 
  relationships are n't a zero sum game . 
  all those things are being freely discussed in this sub though ... 
  so the results of the study are only valid when they confirm your agenda ? 
  * curses at staff in japanese *, 
  i would n't say that these aforementioned sites are `` anti-male '' or blame men for everything , but i agree that pointing out a negative aspect of women in general is still controversial and largely not acceptable to do in popular media . 
  hopefully , this will change in the future . 
  they slit his throat , from ear to ear . 
  he only got a small loan of a million dollars . 
  dramatization-maynothavehappened . 
  from what i see on this sub , there is no agreed upon definition on what alpha is . 
  a lot of terpers say that `` anything that women find attractive is alpha '' . 
  abandoning your kids is probably something that most women will find repulsive . 
  yep , she gives off a hitler jr. vibe . 
  she does n't represent all women . 
  on the other hand , in a study , about 32 % of men said they would have absolutely no problem with dating a woman taller than them . 
  but only 4 % of women said they would date a man shorter than them . 
  this is at least one point aiding the theory that woman 's sexual likings are less diverse than men 's . 
  [ http://www.huffingtonpost.com/alison-denisco/dating-women-men-whos-taller_b_1527117.html] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/alison-denisco/dating-women-men-whos-taller_b_1527117.html ),
