  i meant how did she die . 
  his start-up failed and now he 's recovering so he works there for a while . 
  where are you from where the chick lived ? 
  when will we finally able to reconnect , or replicate the optical nerve itself ? 
  women are stupid and unable to achieve anything worthwile . 
  feminism is a controlled strategy by women to destroy western society . 
   how do i know you 're not asking this just to half-assedly dismiss my own experiences as you normies pretty much always do ? 
  because you have n't reached your full potential when it comes to social skills , dating skills , pick-up skills , with 30 . 
  it 's ridiculous to think so . 
  ask any older person if they were as wise and mature as they are now when they were 30 . 
  and yes , improvement lasts a lifetime , if there 's a concrete goal to be reached , it does n't change it . 
  reach that goal first , and then go for the next one . 
  i really do n't wan na dismiss your situation , apologies if it appeared that way . 
  it 's just that i ca n't imagine that a 30 year old person has really exhausted all of his opportunities and reached his full potential , despite being still unhappy , and there is nothing more that can be done . 
  that goes against my logic . 
  i believe everyone can grow to a great extent and reach a lot of reasonable goals with the right methods and the right mentoring , of course i know that depression can be crippling , but still , great things can be achieved . 
  i hope you can understand my stance and why i simply do n't want to accept your surrendering like that . 
  most people in the world would agree that if you have inadequacies that cripple you at that age , you can largely fix them . 
  i 'm pretty sure both posters were aware . 
  i already said that i do n't want to dismiss your situation . 
  all i know about you is the stuff you write , and from that i find it hard to believe that you are a person with no realistic chance at romance for the rest of his life . 
  if anything , that 's a compliment because i do n't believe you are completely uncapable of such things . 
  and yes , i believe that virtually everyone can be `` lovable '' , which is proven by the said uncle of mine who was an unproductive drunkard for his entire life . 
  although a lot is dependent by one 's own actions , i 'm not conscripted to the `` pull yourself up by your bootstraps '' philosophy 100 % . 
  i know depression , anxiety , self-image and other mental aspects of a person can have an enormous effect and can do a lot of hindering . 
  but it 's also entirely possible to work on these aspects , as i have experienced myself , and one lifetime is long enough to fix a big chunk of it , and achieve a lot of reasonable goals . 
  it 's sad that you seem to have already given up and speak of your life in the past tense , `` i gave my best for as long as i could '' , as if it was already over , because this is obviously keeping you from getting better . 
  i 'm not dismissing your story , i 'm only very sceptical about the part that says it 's all over and all hope is lost , because i believe that is not true for any 30 year old guy . 
  if europe had fat people in mobility scooters driving around , we 'd dominate at that one too . 
  be thankful america . 
  it 's extremely frustrating . 
  some players act like 12 year old brats and ram you off the track on purpose , and in every single race there 's at least 2 or 3 off them . 
  ca n't they stick to cod to unleash their frustrations ? 
  this is supposed to be a real racing simulation , not burnout . 
  i 'm gon na respond one more time , then i 'll call it a day and you and anyone reading the conversation can make up his mind about it . 
  i do n't think that the uncle i mentioned had no `` lovable traits '' , i think he had some of them despite him being largely a complete failure in life . 
  still , he found someone who saw something lovable in him at one point in his life . 
  based on this fact i summarize that literally everyone can be loved and everyone himself can be `` enough '' , if he/she is satisfied with this person himself . 
   you 're really not seeing how this sentence is dismissive , are you ? 
  how so ? 
  i acknowledge that depressions , bad fortune and a certain queue of events can affect your life in many bad ways , and these events/facts are out of your control when they happen . 
  in many times , it 's not anyone 's `` fault '' if he is lonely , or incel , or unhappy , but it 's his fault if he gives up trying to get a relationship , if that 's what he really wants . 
   on the other hand , when you 're actually trying to confront some aspect of my story , you blow it out of proportion . 
  `` oh , this guy is talking about something that he used to do in the past and does n't now !, 
  that means he 's completely given up on life !, 
  that 's not healthy ! '', 
  i 'm not dismissing your past experiences , or saying you were not successful because you never tried . 
  but if you completely give up for the rest of your life , you 're reducing your chances from whatever they are now to completely zero . 
  and we both ca n't perfectly calculate or assess what your chances are now . 
   certainly low enough that i do n't want to bet the rest of my lifetime on them . 
  you do n't have to bet anything ? 
  it 's not like not giving up requires that you sacrifice years of your life . 
  life 's long enough for work , whatever else you like to do and `` not giving up '' . 
   tell me - for all your confidence in your beliefs , for all your convictions - do you have anything to actually suggest to someone like me ? 
  to someone who has indeed tried every single conventional way of self-improvement ? 
  i do n't know much about you , so i ca n't tell your anything specific about your situation . 
  my only advice is not to give up , even if that just means do n't give up believing in the possibility . 
  he 's finally seen the true biological hypergamy of women and thus , joins a belief system that keeps women in check by stripping them of rights and forcing them to veil themselves . 
  i do n't know , she has something adorable to her . 
  it 's a well-established fact that lacking height can be a huge deficiency for a man in the western dating market . 
  [ here 's some data on it ] ( http://www.firstmet.com/dating-blog/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/male-height-chart.png ) . 
  '' ... a belief system that keeps women in check by stripping them of rights and forcing them to veil themselves . 
  ( ulta conservative islam , the one is promotes ) '', 
  better ? 
  obviously that guy was an idiot , but seriously , does detroit not have a high unemployment rate , especially in such hoods ? 
  i do n't know , if the car was still worth 20 grand would that be a total ? 
  i think it depends on the individual case . 
  i 've seen a documentary where a car rentals ' audi a3 was declared a non-total crash because the repair cost something like 11,000 euros and the audi was still worth about 22,000 euros . 
  that was a frontal crash with only the front airbags deployed though . 
  yup . 
  not doing what you want to do with full consequence . 
  doing things half-heartedly . 
  `` do i let that pedestrian pass the road ? 
  i do n't know , let 's slow down a bit , oh looks like he thinks i wan na drive on , let 's accelerate , oh wait , he 's already taken a step on the road , let 's slow down a bit , but not stop . 
  what does he do now ? 
  '' , etc , etc. 
  to be honest , i find the american culture of `` extracurricular activities '' in schools a bit weird too . 
  every single school has a football team , a cheerleading team , a track and field team , a chess club and what not . 
  and when you do n't take part , you 're looked down at because you appear lazy or a weirdo ? 
  i never took part in extracurricular activities , simply because i was n't expected to , and teenage years can be stressful and you rather stay at home . 
  most european schools do n't even have all of those teams american high schools do . 
  it 's a combination of mockery ( and yes , satire ) and serious material on why ( they believe ) trp is dangerous and toxic . 
  what split ? 
  you 're aware that some of the reasons you stated could be framed according to trp ideology , right ? 
   * no one has mentioned the brutally long working hours or that a man 's wages are n't enough on their own . 
  * that women do not want to marry a man who does n't earn enough to support a family , because women know that combining work and babies is going to be too difficult, 
  trp translation : women are hypergamous , they ca n't help their natural urge only to find men above them attractive . 
  it 's not enough for a man to make as much money as his girlfriend in his job , he must earn more . 
  because the wages are not high enough , or men stay in university or without education longer , they are unable to attract women . 
  trp confirmed . 
  good points . 
  what a catchy tune . 
  whose wife ? 
  then again , a candidate like donald trump could never run for a high political office in europe . 
  the things he said would be considered outrageous and even illegal . 
  a popular candidate demanding the total ban on muslims entering the country is so extreme even le pen has rejected it . 
  in america , it makes you the most popular gop candidate it appears . 
  and the countries you named , austria and germany , are sheltering a lot more refugees than america currently is , and a lot of these countries ' population stoop up and openly welcomed them . 
  can still be too fast depending on the curve , the road surface , wetness or the car . 
  was is worth all that to save 5 minutes ?
