  well i think what 's even more important than muscles ( you 'll lose those if there 's a famine ) are social skills . 
  you have to pay a deductible even though you have no fault at all ? 
  damn ... that 's unheard of where i come from . 
  even in germany there have been several cases were dashcam videos were simply not admitted for the trial even if they showed important evidence . 
  plus you always wanted to hit these multiplicators . 
  hyundai sonata - a car that 's plain an boring on the front but a little less plain and kinda good looking on the back . 
  interesting , i 've never seen the `` scrap from vienna '' in vienna . 
  were they ever in use there ? 
  insurance fraud ... what a romantic thing to do on a date when also wearing matching shirts . 
  yet the nhs is receiving cuts . 
  what car exactly ? 
  lol , that seems logical !, 
  seriously , just looking at that blatant racism , what 's wrong with the authors ? 
  i do n't wan na play smartass , but the nazis rarely sorted blacks into concentration camps , and i 've never heard of indians being sorted in there either . 
  not defending nazis , just saying the author needs to do his homework . 
  the author of these comics seems to have some serious height issues particularly , he mentions it in almost every single one . 
  does n't seem very healthy to me . 
  even if the majority did n't want guys shorter than themselves , unless a guy is less than 165 cm ( and even then ) there will still be hundreds of thousands of women shorter than him . 
  and pretty ones too . 
  height is one attribute out of many and i admit , i 've been having serious issues with it myself already , but the extent on which trp emphasizes and places value on it seems very unhealthy and problematic . 
  it only gets worse when you place too much importance on it yourself , because people around you will feel your discontent . 
  and these comics are just as offensive to men , decipting all shorter men as losers who never `` get the girls '' and no women ever wanting them ... so i do n't see how they could be considered red pill . 
  thanks . 
  these comics are ... weird . 
  i think [ this ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-gqpypcptmwy/vp2zvweubhi/aaaaaaaaagk/32mabdxmhvw/s1600/cartoon19.jpg ) is the one i had in my mind . 
  who do women have to help and support them if they 're in a situation like this ? 
  `` society '' . 
  well , my parents divorced and no one had it anything close to easy . 
  my mom has it even worse today , suffering from mental issues and having practically no money , my father being financially and mentally stable . 
  i mean yeah , i see a lot of trpers fussing about the feminist media and all western governments being controlled by feminists , but these are largely conspiracy theories i think , and they do n't help you much when you have real problems . 
  in a situation like described here , when you have severe mental isuses , and your partner divorces you for another person , i do n't think feminist articles written in mass media , social media , the church or `` nice guys '' would help you anything . 
  you would feel extremely shit and terrible no matter how many feminist essays there are being written . 
  parents , relatives , close friends , therapists , all these people could give you help and comort if you were a man , too . 
  costumers who have learned about working on their cars are harder to screw over , right ? 
  i know this comment is a month old , but i 'm lying on the floor laughing . 
  thanks . 
  but women are totally only a byproduct in rp lifestyle . 
  we do n't need them that bad , we go our own way . 
  not in my country . 
  so he does n't care whether his wife 's happy ? 
  what a great relationship . 
  i ca n't find part 4 of your disscetion ? 
  it 's not `` love '' if a guy asks a girl out for a date . 
  most likely he does n't know her very well and is interested in her because he found her very attractive or otherwise interesting . 
  it 's not love , it 's simply interest . 
  getting rejected hurts , but you 're most likely not rejecting a guy that really loves you if you reject his date proposal . 
  but things in the real world might run a bit different than in an online world like okcupid . 
  thankfully . 
  i do n't know if this will help you , but these women were n't the right ones for you then . 
  it 's not that you were n't right for them , they were n't right for you , and if they reject you because of your height or your ethnicity , they do n't deserve all your good qualities . 
  there 's a large amount of people who never fully love themselves or are fully content with themselves , for their whole life . 
  these peopl still have relationships . 
  coming to terms with yourself can be a very long and hard process , but you 'd probably still like to have some relationships in your life . 
  still , imo , that does n't mean that a man 's only values are `` cock , money and status '' . 
  then again , it 's only 1 inch short of the average female height . 
  to be fair , she might have meant that she wanted someone who is tall in comparison to her . 
  most of these are things that would stress me as a man too in a relationship . 
  i 'm not trying to downplay what this woman has gone through , but trp would say she found partners over the course of her life , she had several boyfriends , she was married one time . 
  she writes `` i 've never even had a boyfriend until i was 18 '' , which many guys would laugh about , because a number of them never find partners until they are much older than 18 , they are visible in so many places on the internet , and those men do n't consider themselves as ugly as monsters . 
  so yes , in the subject of finding romantic/sexual partners trp would say even ugly women have it easier than men . 
  of course this does n't guarantee happiness . 
   humans can suck . 
  yes . 
  and not only in , say , america . 
  pretty much in every place where there are humans a considerable amount will be assholes , simply bad people . 
  oh , i did n't catch that . 
  point taken . 
  yeah , i imagine a lot of frustrated single ( young ) men do n't actively approach women , actively ask women out . 
  the fear of rejection is simply too strong . 
  i 'm in a similar situation , where my mind already knows that if i do n't approach women , most likely nothing will happen , but it 's not really possible for me when i imagine the terrible situation where a woman would simply reject it , the awkwardness and the disappointment and the shame that would follow . 
  sooner or later i 'll have to cross that bridge . 
  come on now , that 's not that hard to figure out . 
  interviewers be like : `` so , i take from your resume that you worked three years for ... sir ... could you please ... stop doing that ... thing with your eyes ? '', 
  also , instead of giving her money for repairing the car , pay her with your body . 
  so if a guy , who you do n't find attractive , behaves civilized , does n't act in any weird way , and straight ahead tells you he finds you interesting and asks you for a date , in a straight respectful fashion , you find him creepy ? 
  you 're doing nothing reprehensible by approaching them . 
  if they 're insulted , it 's their own problem . 
  well , i sincerely hope you 're wrong . 
  there is some truth in this post . 
  the truth is : men should learn to love themselves , should learn that they have a lot of good things to give to a partner , that they are not more or less `` men '' than all the `` more successful '' `` alphas '' . 
  too many frustrated single men think that they are not good enough . 
  however , this is half the truth . 
  a relationship should consist of reciprocity , not only giving something , and the rest of this post is just generic trp women-hating . 
  since you described this phenomenon pretty accurately , maybe you can give me an opinion on my situation . 
  i 've met this girl i have a crush for in my uni class , we 've introduced each other and we 've done a bit of smalltalk ( nothing serious ) , we 've sat next to each other a couple of times and talked about uni-related stuff . 
  we might meet up to prepare for a test together . 
  i have n't done any `` friend '' stuff with her apart from having some small talk and sitting next to each other a couple of times . 
  i have n't had the balls to ask her out right in the beginning , but now i 've learned that i should be upfront and straight about my intentions , and that i 'm interested in a person romantically , not as a friend , i should honestly and straight up tell the person that . 
  do you think i can still tell her that i 'm interested in her and would like to go on a drink with her ? 
  was it too much deception already ? 
  - i mean , i did n't want to be deceptive , i just could n't find the courage yet . 
  like they 're doing the berlin airport `` right '' . 
  do n't pretend ber is no disaster . 
  a german disaster . 
  thanks for the response . 
  i do n't have any previous relationship experience , so i have n't experienced finding out not to really like a crush . 
  this will be the first time i 'll ever make a real move . 
  my fear is that i already screwed it up . 
  i 've watched a lot of dating/approaching women advice videos on youtube and one thing i read from these is that physical contact is essential . 
  that touching makes up 80 % of building attraction to someone , and if you do n't do it from the start , a woman will very quickly put you into a `` buddy '' category that you can almost impossibly get out of .
