  i 'd wager they 're still very safe compared to most cars on the road . 
  funny that homer uses his madness as justification for wanting the gun , when the purpose of the waiting period is actually keeping mad people from buying guns . 
  both men and women . 
  depends on how you do it . 
  approaching a completely random woman will probably seem weird , because that 's a rare thing to do . 
  that could make a group of female friends laugh about it . 
  approaching a woman on a dating website or asking out a girl from your social circle privately will not be seen as weird , most of the time . 
   so , if you put 100 men and 100 women into a room and create a dating pool . 
  the men 's pool will be attracted to 60 or 70 of the women ( inclusive of variance among the individual men 's choices ) and would accept sex from probably all of them . 
  also , not being sexually attracted to someone \u2260 not seeing them as full human beings, 
   to most women a significant number of men do n't even exist as full human beings . 
  they see them as asexual drones , if they see them at all . 
  what is your basis for the claim that women see `` a significant number of men '' as asexual drones , not as full human beings ? 
  that 's a pretty wild theory . 
  but why do you feel the need to gender the whole thing ? 
  most men do n't a fuck about most other men . 
  they go on with their daily lives and walk past other people who are complete strangers , and do n't spend time caring if these strangers are well or not . 
  but besides evaluating people based on utility , people who care about others still exist . 
  i also fail to comprehend why you believe that finding someone unattractive would somehow lead to seeing them not as full human beings . 
  i see people as full human beings no matter if i find them attractive or not . 
  the 75 year old lady i help to cross the street ? 
  i 'm not attracted to her and i do n't fantasize about having sex with her , but i still see her as fully human , and not as an `` asexual drone '' . 
  dude , you clearly linked sexual attraction to seeing someone as a full human being with your statement : `` to most women a significant number of men do n't even exist as full human beings . 
  they see them as asexual drones , if they see them at all . '', 
  you claimed women do n't see a significant number of men as human but rather as asexual drones . 
  why would they see them as asexual drones instead of human beings , if not for the reason that they are not attracted to them ? 
  do n't blame me for making that connotation , when you clearly made the connection in the first place , leading a reasonable observer to believe that you believe seeing someone as `` asexual '' means they do n't see them as full human beings . 
  and your comparison with other species does n't really follow considering that `` seeing someone as human being '' is a uniquely human trait in the first place . 
  animals do n't have the power of self-awareness or of seeing another being as a being that has its own value beyond the utility it provides . 
  we are human because we exclusively possess these traits . 
  your reasoning does n't compute . 
  you equated not being attracted to a man to the inability to see him as a full human being with your statement , despite your continued denial of having done that . 
  your example confirms this , as you saw the woman you described as unable to see men as full human beings because the they did n't even meet the baseline for attraction . 
  which , as i 've said , i think is bullshit . 
  i still see an old lady as human being despite not being attracted to her . 
  i believe most women will think the same . 
  this conversation is ovah . 
  show me any evidence that indicates women do n't see most men as human beings besides your anecdotal evidence before you say i made a fool out of myself . 
  your initial assertion is pretty absurd for a reasonable mind to follow , seeing how ** women still largely see men they are not attracted to as human beings , just like men do . 
  ** but i strongly suspect that regarding evidence , you have nil . 
  i would n't say it gets harder and harder as you get older . 
  some people actually grow up and if you believe in a smv , you will have to admit it gets a little worse for women as they enter their thirties . 
  it might even be easier to date as a 35 year old man than as a 25 y.o. 
  man . 
  overall you seem to have a very negative outlook , which is sad . 
  it does n't have to be like that . 
  i believe that many feminist groups feel that they 're not in the place to criticize the situation of a culture that is different to them . 
  they focus their feminist critiques on the environment they come from and they grew up in , which is the western judeo-christian cultural sphere . 
  they probably feel that it 's the task of feminists coming from a muslim background to criticize problems in that cultural sphere , and that western feminists criticizing islam could be seen as xenophobic , almost colonial . 
  note this is n't my view , i 'm all for criticizing islam , but that 's what i observed from feminists . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's a good comparison , haha . 
  but you might be right , i was just trying to describe what i believe their viewpoint is . 
   men are going to naturally already put themselves on at least a decent money earning path commensurate with their skills and intelligence . 
  huh ? 
  i 'm all for anti-consumption , but coffee at coffee shops is a luxury i just do n't want to refrain from . 
  life can be tough and driving to a shop ( though i also walk as often as possible ) to get a nice latte is a relief i enjoy a little every time i do it . 
  being outside all day , when going to uni , can be exhausting and sometimes torturous . 
  so i 'll spend a buck or two for a coffee to go . 
  that 's alright , my life is valuable , it 's allowed to cost something . 
  my current iphone 5 is about 5 years old and i do n't want a new phone again , ever . 
  it 's good enough for all my needs ... except for the battery life , which is atrocious . 
  but you are op !, 
  i guess they 're not energy efficient . 
  aka use more power than a modern equivalent would need . 
  it 's got a nasty human infection though . 
  are shaun and jen two people , and if yes , why is there only one person speaking in the videos ? 
  when female sexuality is left unchecked , ** harems form ** . 
  you must be delusional if you believe all women would want to sleep with jeff seid . 
  female attraction does n't work like that . 
  a pro bodybuilder will not be attractive to a lot of women . 
  to address the pamela anderson thing , i 'd argue that men 's sex drive is definitely higher and women are known for having a reactive sexuality , meaning that men have to put themselves on their radar first , and personality is also very important for activating that attraction . 
  that 's one reason why a lot of hollywood actors are attractive to women , because they get to appear infront of a microphone before massive audiences and say meaningful , philosophical things which can make them appear `` intriguing '' and attractive . 
  seid on the other hand is a bodybuilding bro who is really a niche celebrity and most women do n't know him . 
  if they knew him , i 'd think a lot would put him aside as a muscle head and nothing more . 
  that 's just my interpretation though . 
  female attraction is also more varied , as shown in the famed okcupid study . 
  the men who were rated a 10 by some women were also given very low numbers by many different women . 
  i 'm not denying women get turned on by men who they think are hot , i simply said that the douchey meathead bro will not make all or even most women dripping wet wanting to have sex immediately . 
  pick up artists exist and they have strategies that work better than others but even they will fail with a lot of women . 
   women and men are like a dancer and a rock , the dancer is inconsistent , moves here and there and needs to rest on the rock . 
  represents the emotional inconsistency women are and the stoicism required in men . 
  i always knew it , but i was told the contrar, 
  you had some good points ( i still find the hypergamy concept dumb though ) , but this just made me shake my head . 
  how a young guy can still stick so firmly to those 19th century stereotypes i just do n't get . 
  just look around and you will see so many men fail at life , so many guys have zero enlightenment over their own self , so little insight of their mental state . 
  many have good careers , good income , but so many still struggle with depression and traumas and try to cope with more work , alcohol , drugs , violence or other things that are clearly not logical or consistent . 
  so many do n't learn to deal with their anger and lash out emotionally , just in different ways than women do . 
  on the other hand , so many women of today are successfully managing their lives and careers , they are less violent , they do n't become murderers as often and drive cars more slowly . 
  they are not perfect but clearly they are not the inconsistent , directionless kids you paint them to be . 
  `` men are the rocks , women are dancers '' is a dumb , chauvinistic attitude and it does n't suit a man living in our times well . 
  does annexing crimea make me attractive ? 
  which is why i would 've completely understood if you had said `` the dynamics of the relationship market allow women to be dancers and act more inconsistent while they demand men to be rocks and be more consistent '' . 
  i would 've even agreed to that . 
  however , you did n't say that . 
  you said men are rocks and women are dancers and that 's it , claiming that men and women universally are like this in their lives , which i argue is a bullshit claim , as so many women are successfully managing their lives and so many men are inconsistent , illogical and emotional failures . 
   oh being an illogical and emotional failure does n't prevent you from managing your life successfully . 
  there 's a very strong correlation though . 
  successful people need to put their emotions aside when it comes to their career and relations on many occasions . 
  what if they ask you what you do for a living and you tell them that ? 
  is that bad too ?
