  in my country i would be allowed to do that ... as long as i stay under 0.05 % . 
  this has nothing to do with the topic , but do you drive an alfa 147 ? 
  are you trying to say if you had a special car it would be okay to park like that ? 
  of course the comments are very simple and somewhat one-sided , but they are mostly right . 
  what is that times square video ? 
  `` fuck assange '' is n't a valid argument and you sound like a nationalist tea party member when you say `` fuck foreigners who intervene in our stuff '' when he actually uncovered many government crimes . 
  what difference does it make what country he was born in ? 
  maybe it 's because reddit is n't one person . 
  response ? 
  they 're the ones perpetrating it . 
  you lolled about a man who uncovered the biggest espionage procedure since humanity exists ? 
  are you serious ? 
  do you know that you 're affected too , not being american ? 
  they 're spying on german industry & technology because they make better cars than america does . 
  it 's industrial espionage . 
  * unless she hates you . 
  hey , my cat recognized me too , at least that 's what i took her constant meowing for . 
  i did n't like boy in the striped pyjamas because it was historically unrealistic . 
  i do n't believe one could just walk over to a concentration camp fence over and over again without anyone noticing anything . 
  from the post and courier article :, 
   the 9th circuit solicitor 's office will prosecute the murder charge that carries from 30 years to life in prison . 
  why is death penalty not an option ? 
  i had this happen a couple of weeks ago . 
  it was cloudy and getting dark , the other person was driving a mk . 
  iii vw golf and turned his lights on thanks to me . 
  which country ? 
  and neither is correct anymore according to wikipedia . 
  great comic , very high quality , into goings on like that . 
  my girlfriend 's mother says i should n't see her again . 
  but what does a 20 year old know anyway . 
  it 's not too late , it happens all the time . 
  people are moving to different places , for new jobs or different reasons . 
  so they just have to meet new people . 
  it happens . 
  does anyone know where this `` rythm '' is originally from ? 
  i 'm talking about the way the little guy knocks . 
  the `` tap-tap-tap-tap-tap tap-tap '' . 
  i 've heard it on so many occasions . 
  how are they supposed to pay household bills , save up for their future and also study full-time ? 
  i think most students do n't make that much money . 
  i still do n't see how they 're supposed to save up for the future while studying . 
  in the us , the average student graduates with a debt of nearly 30,000 dollars in student loans . 
  carpet stain !, 
  wow , you 're right . 
  it makes perfect sense , thanks . 
  that reminds me of that one scene in tropic thunder with robert downey and the black guy . 
   so short , so fucking stout . 
  i do n't get it . 
  an eclipse is a cool car . 
  maybe he 's so smart he does n't need a $ 50,000 dollar car to boost his ego ? 
  just get a new left front wheel and you 're good to go again , right ? 
  mitsubishis are reliable . 
  my family has had them for many years . 
  the v6 in the eclipse is a good engine so i do n't really care if they have a `` trashy '' image , they 're not bad cars . 
  totally depends on what you 're looking for . 
  a 50k mercedes gl class will be a lot slower and a lot less sporty than an eclipse . 
  3 series is a higher price class too . 
  one could argue that the 3 series has higher maintenance costs , depending on the engine . 
  it does n't change my point that the eclipse is not a bad car . 
   you could easily pick up a new 3 series for 50k , this is the price that you mentioned . 
  well , that 's exactly what i meant . 
  it 's a totally different price class than the eclipse , so it 's not surprising it 's better in many aspects . 
  i still stand by my point the eclipse is a nice and sporty car , certainly more sporty than an american cruiser like a crown vic or a town car . 
  the 4th gen has a 3.8 l v6 . 
  0-60 time is 6.8 seconds . 
  about as fast as a bmw 325i . 
  a 325i is a sporty car . 
  ps3 slim, 
  i 'd say an eclipse v6 can be faster than the majority of cars , depending on the location . 
  so you 'd be better at chess than the majority of average intelligent people . 
  gurmoney . 
  hmm , well i agree it 's not really a special car . 
  in my book , it 's better than the tiburon though , probably because i like mitsubishi personally and they actually have successful motorsport history , i think the eclipse has better looks too . 
  now i agree the 330 is a much faster and probably overall better car , but more expensive to maintain too , and in some countries , it will cost you reallly big in insurance and taxes ( in the us , i guess it makes no difference ) but yeah it 's definitely the sportier car . 
  the e46 3 series also has really ugly rectangular side mirrors , but that 's personal preference . 
  smooth ... 
  maybe she just went to hogwarts for the day , and after the classes went back home to ron using floo powder . 
  i 'm gon na get one of those too . 
  some people actually do n't like to eat much . 
  i 'm one of those . 
  sometimes , when i start feeling sick because i have n't ate all day , i go into the super market to buy food , and everything just disgusts me . 
  i have to force myself to eat something . 
  it 's not on the front page if i do n't subscribe to it . 
  people with mental illnesses ( depressions , etc. ), 
  also cost other people money . 
  i do n't see a hate subreddit for them . 
  so then , why is n't there a smoker 's hate subreddit ? 
  they cause just as much damage to society . 
  no , you 're only insulting a huge number of people . 
  smokers suffering in hospital from lung cancer would be a good pic for a smoke hater subreddit . 
  well , drinking is totally socially accepted . 
  on reddit too . 
  and there is no subreddit dedicated to hating alcoholics or smokers . 
  amazing community my ass . 
  in my first post there i politely asked what the point of this subreddit was and if they do n't think it could hurt people 's feelings . 
  the response given to me by a mod was `` cry about it fatty '' and i was blocked . 
  amazing and supportive community for sure . 
  you can sense how `` amazing '' a community is if it literally has the word `` hate '' in its title . 
  i give a fuck whether it exists , because i despise systematic hate of a huge amount of people . 
  and my opinion is that i find your personality disgusting for finding a huge number of people at once `` disgusting '' .
