  and yes , trp pretty much sees sex as commodity . 
  vaginas have immense value and men will do a lot to `` get some '' . 
  that 's why young women can spend decades just having easy available , uncommitted sex with men in exchange for money or attention , because every man on this planet would want to have sex with a young , moderately attractive female if he could . 
  ( trp 's opinion ), 
  quite simple : you 're a troll . 
  there is no report that any officer died and your bf4 comment makes it obvious anyway . 
  i do n't see how that could make you uncomfortable . 
  who would not love seeing christoph waltz enjoying a delicious strudel ? 
  i always get more work done when i leave home and go somewhere just to study or do a university assignment , even if it 's just a cafe or similar . 
  it 's probably because my mind goes `` well , i 've driven here , i 've bought something to drink , that all cost money , i better get stuff done so that it was n't for nothing . '', 
  foreshadowing to the fate of the white van driver . 
  sounds like me . 
   the same laws that prevent holocaust denial are also what prevented criticism of the new immigration policy , which caused the bombings in paris . 
  of course all events that happen in the world only have one single cause . 
  it 's not like there would be many different factors that play into a terrorist attack happening , it 's always only one factor , like the immigration policy . 
  i learned this from attending youtube university . 
  i 've thought about doing this , but making the step and actually going there scares me . 
  the d-day landings were also mostly very successful and decisive allied victories , not `` extremely bloody battles '' . 
  i get he probably thinks of saving private ryan like battles , but that was on omaha beach , an exception really . 
  wrong subreddit . 
   and there 's a reason russia waited until the syrian rebels almost cornered assad in damascus . 
  waited to do what , exactly ? 
  how does he fund far-right parties ? 
  is there a source for that ? 
  do n't worry , bobblefighterman , i 'm sure someone loves your penis just the way it is . 
  not that short . 
  average range . 
  one more piece of advice : do n't assume everyone suffers because of the things that apparently make you suffer . 
  do n't assume everyone who is short , or somewhat ugly , or similar , is in `` pain '' because of it . 
  please name one example of the horrible effects it has on men . 
  you think voting republican would fix that ? 
  a republican president in any way means a closer alignment to israel . 
  victims of what ? 
  as in : what was the horrible effect and which men had to deal with this effect ? 
  talking vaguely about some university courts is not enough to answer my question about what exactly has been done to which men , what was unjust or unfair and to whom . 
  muh oil . 
  no homogeneity was the ussrs main problem !, 
  also totally not racist !, 
   i hate that saying . 
  white is a race not a culture . 
  ... it 's not a race . 
   whether the decision to invade afghanistan or not is irrelevant , he showed up , he took a grave hit , and it 's your basic duty as a human to respect the guy & the people quite literally helping him get back on his feet atleast a little bit . 
  `` whether adolf 's decision to invade poland or not is irrelevant , he showed up , he took a grave hit , and it 's your basic duty as a human to respect the guy '', 
  1,600 karma points for a fake submission . 
  except for the life of an extremist dog . 
  i 'm not sure whether you 're being sarcastic , but it was n't only about danzig . 
  hitler never was to accept the existance of poland , and he would never settle for less than getting the territories of 1918 back to germany . 
  yeah , look at the language you speak . 
  look at the letters you use . 
  where do they come from , smartass ? 
  `` blood provisions '' what is he talking about ? 
  my counter would be that the term `` race '' referring to skin colors is still part of mainstream rhetoric in america , and totally unhead of in europe . 
  also `` that 's the german way of doing things '' is supposed to be `` soft racism '' , then america is full of it too . 
  america here , american there , it 's all very common . 
  upvote because fwd master race . 
  but we also share material from great american media channels such as fox news . 
  `` no no no nononono there 's a pillar coming towards me stoooop ! '', 
  i think the beginning of a wonderful relationship is lampshaded in this picture . 
  yeah , one that says `` refugees welcome '' . 
  ironically elises can easily run along the big greyhounds on many tracks . 
  everything is always `` embarassing '' in these animes , haha . 
  i agree with you that all of the things you said would be cool . 
  but i 've read on the forza forums once that the window sticker thing is n't so easily possible because of licensing . 
  car makers would have to allow it to turn 10 , and the chance for that is very slim . 
   sometimes our prosperity even comes at the expense of those less fortunate . 
  `` sometimes '' ? 
  to be precise , germany did n't `` decide to get 1 million people from syria '' . 
  merkel announced that germany wo n't reject any person from syria , because syria is a war zone . 
  she did n't say anything about how many people germany will or will not accept . 
  that would n't be possibly anyway , even if the governemnt would announce to only take 200,000 refugees in 2015 , it does n't have the right to refuse taking in more people until it is proven they are not valid refugees . 
  99.99 % of muslims are not blowing people up and murdering them . 
  that 's right . 
  nah , it 's leaning moderate to right-wing . 
  do n't even know how to reply to that , that 's just idiotical . 
  a mother saying `` son of a whore '' to her son is an urban myth . 
  i 've heard it from different people about different people in different versions so often . 
  awesome . 
  i remember driving the prelude in gran turismo 1 on the psx ages ago . 
  it 's still a timelessly good looking coupe . 
  i already put 550 km on the one in this pic , haha . 
  do n't wan na be rude , but your backyard looks really sad and depressing . 
  if that 's your opinion , i hope you also opt that [ these ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2015/07/29/prosecutors-to-announce-conclusion-of-probe-into-cincinnati-campus-police-shooting/ ) two [ guys ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/08/us/south-carolina-officer-is-charged-with-murder-in-black-mans-death.html ) also get at least 44 years in prison . 
  because they actually killed someone . 
  yes there is , it 's a bethesda game . 
  it has bugs and not too few . 
  `` wait until the kreml hears about this ! '', 
  the soviet union was considered a contender to the us because of it 's population size , and military power . 
  but it 's economic stagnation began in the 1960 's already . 
  seat 's cars are awful ?? 
  what planet do you live on ? 
  i guess i 'm the first person to defend it because most redditors have never heard of seat . 
  most of them are from the us after all . 
   i do n't have anything to say . 
  reminds me of the npc dialogues in oblivion . 
  it 's not up to government , it 's up to a judge who is delegated with the specific situation . 
   yes it really is, 
   yep , he 's right again . 
  says you , because you 're a graduated law student with a history of extensive research on european law systems ... or what exactly makes you qualified to make these statements ? 
  i mean , the free speech thing is pretty simple - hate speech such as racism and incitement are punished by law , and that 's it - but saying `` in europe you have almost no rights if accused of a crime '' is a very , very presumptuous claim . 
  how much time did you spend on studying the law systems of european countries ?
