  a random 5 ' 2 woman might be very hot while a random 5 ' 7 woman might be very bland . 
  as others have said , too autistic . 
  humans are n't robots . 
  they just have to become president of russia and kick ass . 
  interesting thing to note is that the average age of cars in the us is 11.4 , while it 's only 8.3 in germany . 
  my heart skips a beat when they begin to type in `` p '' in the address bar . 
  i mean , is he really wrong ? 
  hard drive space is expensive and jpgs are smaller . 
  what does the 100 emoji even mean ? 
  i 'm not in the `` america is the epicenter of all things bad '' camp , but all i 've seen from chomsky so far was very intelligent and sophisticated material . 
  really got a like into him . 
  haha , for a second i thought you were german , because of your username . 
  the tyres will be destroyed after one spinout ? 
  you think making your happiness depend on systematically collected data will help you in any way ? 
  average height in the us has largely stagnated for the last 40-50 years . 
  ... a wizard did it . 
  oh man , i remember one team winning in a landslide . 
  the bottom guy did n't get any kills and in the end he wrote `` i did nothing thank you team '' . 
  one of them responded `` anytime fam '' , haha . 
  they cost 25,000 each ( too much ) . 
  a reason why i skipped all season pass 1 operators so far and bought season pass 2 to get future operators for free . 
  who says they did ? 
  `` i 'm a girl so being passive in life is fine for me . '', 
  * puts hand up *, 
  are n't you a woman ? 
  do you really think trp theory is , in its core , correct ? 
  what chin thing ? 
  that 's a scene that 's funny the first time you see it and that annoys you every further time you watch it . 
  until you 're 80 and regret having lived a meaningless life . 
  acr with spas 12 as sidearm ... the acr was steady as hell and mw2 was one of the few games where shotguns counted as sidearms . 
  seeing your children look up to you in admiration , raising them into functional , adult human beings . 
  that is something childless couples can not experience . 
  it 's like the childless circlejerk in this thread has reached unprecedented heights . 
  what kind of bruises do you like ? 
  how will the audience know the dog is the bad guy ? 
  i mean you can still adopt a kid . 
  from what i 've read on scientific data , there is no proof of a correlation between race and size . 
  also the theory with city and country boys i hear for the first time from you . 
  what dwarf town was that ? 
  toca 2 on the psx !, 
  can i see those studies ? 
  on wikipedia it still says there 's no proven correlation with race . 
  also , how were those numbers acquired ? 
  self-reported ? 
  how do you get data on erect dick lengths ... what if the test subjects fail to get a boner under supervision ? 
  excellent find , thank you . 
  the paper notes that it 's not possible to conclude a correlation with penis size and race all in all , even though individual studies might report a correlation . 
  they also note a difference between self-reported lengths and their measurements of 1 cm . 
  i 'm sorry mr. president , i. ... mr. 
  president ? 
  / s / s / s / s, 
  are they teaching private lessons , or how can they swear without their institution holding them in check ? 
  `` we need to make sure our own people are well cared for before we can take care of immigrants ! '', 
  when told that we need to take care of our own people :, 
  `` we 're not a nanny state , people just need to pull themselves up by their bootstraps , it 's the american way ! '', 
  i dig girls with such haircuts . 
  unless they have toxic attitudes . 
  wow ... i wish that was me !, 
  yes , what a coincidence . 
  oh my god , those terrible avatars . 
  6 bricks are missing , sir ... 
  that 's why i love this subreddit . 
  i knew the punchline would be the top comment . 
  i have no objection to man walking on the moon . 
  well ... travelling abroad is often still pretty expensive . 
  what does he need the seed bell for ? 
  i never understood . 
  thanks dude . 
  haha , this is gold . 
  i think you meant to say `` overestimate '' , or am i wrong ? 
  well i hope that the `` new world '' has more to offer to her than just her being able to post explicit photos on the web . 
  driving cars , being able to get an education , being able to watch uncensored media just to name a few . 
  nice brown eyes can also be very striking ... i like to think . 
  you shall praise the god of puberty regularly . 
  i heard porn literally means `` pleasant images '' , so technically it 's not unfitting . 
  do chinese men not mind being alone ? 
  missing picture of elliot rodger . 
  op , what about this though ? 
  [ http://www.breitbart.com/texas/2017/01/27/mexico-trump-pena-nieto-agree-not-publicly-discuss-wall-payment/] ( http://www.breitbart.com/texas/2017/01/27/mexico-trump-pena-nieto-agree-not-publicly-discuss-wall-payment/ ), 
  i wonder if this was agreed on before or a spontaneous thing . 
  so you would say your grandma is a bitch ? 
  are there also mentally ill men who look for a parent in their relationship , and if no , why not ? 
  at this point we can at least agree that it 's harder for men than for women to be in a relationship . 
  men 's job : build up chemistry , do n't be passive , sexualize the conversation but only at the right time , also know when the situation is right to do the sexualizing . 
  women 's job : just be there ? 
  still seems like a very unbalanced distribution of tasks to me . 
  men and women are both adults , why do men have to approach and do precisely the right things , assess the tension of the conversation , sexualize everything , while women only have to be there ? 
  i thought both genders get to be adults in our times ? 
  but if the rules really are like that , we should at least stop shunning male incels in society , because their job in having sex and relationships is objectively harder . 
  a man who 's not afraid to cry !, 
  `` my name is homer simpson , my name is homer simpson !! '', 
  because every programmer makes $ 100k . 
  there 's many different kinds of white girls . 
  if you just do this job because you want to make money and are not actually interested in programming , you will probably not become a legendary programmer . 
  if the mode is best of 3 , why do they still play the 3rd map if one team loses the first 2 ? 
  ok , well that 's weird because i just saw the match between envy and era , and after the era won the first match , the commentators said something along the line of `` if envy lose the second match , they will at least get their chances to prove themselves in the third one '' . 
  not if you account that not everyone here is from the us . 
  i 'd say that most programmers in my native austria do n't make 100k dollars/euros a year , because that 's a very rare wage here . 
  so at least for one place , that wage is uncommon for this job . 
  `` legendary '' was an overstatement , i just wanted to express that i do n't believe programming always leads to a wealthy , happy life , especially if you 're not really interested in it and it 's just a day job to you .
