  roman bellic ? 
  you mean literally shoot each other with firearms ? 
  or shooting themselves in the foot with their sexist views and gender imbalance ? 
  yeah but is there a source that ginger men are less attractive ? 
  what a waste of petrol . 
  doug heffernan ? 
  `` everyone must find attractive what i find attractive , this is n't up for debate ! '', 
  depends . 
  is `` women are people with a lot of differences among each other , and a lot of women accept weakness in a partner '' a delusional belief to you ? 
  because a number of posters here share this belief . 
  i honestly believe autism is stronger on the red/black side . 
  ( the latter especially ), 
  hmm . . i would say evolutionary psychology agrees that youth is one component of female attractiveness , but not an absolute necessity . 
  how do you explain granny fetishes ? 
  naked women are missing . 
  lol chill , it 's a quote from the simpsons episode where lisa gets married in the future . 
  overcoped . 
  link some of those articles plz . 
   btw , i believe more than 50 % of women do want this . 
  i just do n't agree with the people who insist it 's all women when you have women in this very thread saying yeah , no , that is n't my thing . 
  i know it 's just words , and rp wording tends to be a bit ... extreme . 
  but still , if you had a sample size of western women , i guarantee less than 50 % would say yes to the question `` do you want to be owned by your man ? '', 
  they would object and probably say they are owned by noone . 
  the difference being that betas can become alphas if they just remember they have balls and are men , while women will always stay women , and are biologically predestined to fall back to their bad behaviours for the rest of their lives . 
  women definitely come off worse according to trp lore . 
  could n't have said it better myself . 
  this theory of op that you will fail in life if you are not the stoic , commanding alpha male even at home is pretty nuts . 
  you know , i 've been thinking about your post here from time to time , and i agree with you on many aspects , but not on all . 
  and it 's been itching me for so long that i have to respond . 
  the stereotypical chad type of person usually does n't spend time on reddit when it comes to niche spheres like ppd . 
  nobody outside of all the crazy folks here , me included , knows what a purple pill even is . 
  but i largely disagree that reddit is not for cool people , or that it 's uncool to talk about with well-liked , cool people who hang out at parties . 
  this is also a changing trend and some things like online forums and video games are still somewhat controversial in certain circumstances , but are becoming mainstream rapidly . 
  just look at some of the people posting in [ this subreddit ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/boating/ ) . 
  or [ this one ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/cars/ ) . 
  they blend in well with the `` cool '' people . 
  like i said before , i totally agree that a stereotypical frat boy player type of guy would not spend time on an obscure subreddit like ppd or trp , and he likely would n't be a very active reddit user . 
  he would probably be active in a main subreddit like r/pics and some porn subreddits . 
  and i eagerly concede that reddit might have a higher representation of nerdy `` weird '' people than the general population . 
  that being said , i just ca n't agree with your general distinction between nerds or weirdos on one side and cool partygoing people on the other side . 
  when i was 15 or 16 , i sometimes felt depressed that i spent the weekends at home while other kids were going to parties , but i think for me , a part of finishing high school and starting to venture into the `` real world '' when i was 18 or 19 was realizing that this distinction is largely made-up , and that the importance of being a cool person who goes to the right parties rapidly diminishes after your teenage years . 
  going to clubs and belonging to the cool crowd suddenly is much less important for people than the question which career path is the right , whether to live in an own apartment , whether to go abroad to study and how you plan your free time once you hit your 20s . 
  i just ca n't imagine a regular , young person within a regular crowd being ostracized for saying he visits some unknown website ( unless it 's a zoophilia site or something ) , sorry . 
  and i 've come to believe that the distinction between the nerds and the regular people is quickly being eridacated , as evidenced by mainstream tv shows like the big bang theory showing nerds as capable , outgoing and fully functioning adult beings , and another example is that i see internet stuff like memes being used by my university peers in a totally normal , regular fashion within social gatherings . 
  the same thing i think about mental disorders , which you mentioned when you said stuff like depression , anxiety or social disorders are on the front page of reddit . 
  it 's not like this is a niche thing - millions of people struggle with mental problems . 
  even ceos , runway models and night club goers have these issues . 
  it 's really not a scarce incident to find a mentally messed up person in the 21st century . 
  sorry i ca n't agree with you any further . 
  well , 5 ' 9 '' is not the average female height anywhere , just to make that clear . 
  the netherlands are the tallest nation on earth and the average female height is 5 ' 7 '' . 
  norway must at least be a bit below that . 
   unless you 're referring to the fact that an average looking 5 ' 8 '' man ca n't get 10 's, 
  he can if he has status or money . 
  actually , he also can if a 5 ' 1 '' woman is his personal `` 10 '' . 
  what was op 's old account ? 
  the argument i 've heard is that engine oil and other potentially harmful fluids could enter the wastewater system . 
  oh man , that explains a lot ... thank you for telling me . 
  a lof people grow up sexually repressed , arabs included . 
  yet they are not an internet meme for being creepy . 
  with his money ? 
  what 's wrong with women having careers ? 
  you 're a black piller , what difference does it make ? 
  you ca n't win anyway . 
  are you sure that op is divorced ? 
  he made a post 2 days ago about his stay at home wife . 
  for all we know , his insight that `` just be yourself '' is true couldve come long after his divorce and he has now found the formula to success . 
  i 'm looking forward to artificially grown or 3d printed limbs that can be reattached to human nerves , hopefully we will have that technology in some decades . 
  my dream career . 
  not leaving the house and getting paid for it . 
  and you have to go out drinking with your colleagues after work because it 's the social norm . 
  so you 're saying it 's impossible that a woman could admire and truly love a man who does n't look quite as good as her ? 
  there 's a couple of posters who have absolutely no interest in getting their view changed because they 'd rather complain about how unfair everything is . 
  i got ta congratulate you for your positive attitude though ( not being sarcastic ) . 
  i feel so embarassed , i just want to crowl into a hole and die ... 
  i mean , is n't it true that the majority of men are at least `` average looking '' ? 
  and according to some trp followers , a girl is by definition sexually attractive as long as she is young , not extremely obese and not facially deformed . 
  so following that logic , average men should have no problem to at one point have sex with average women ( who are attractive when they are young , again according to trp ) . 
  this also aligns with official stats on relationships , which show that men on average lose their virginity with 17 and the average age of marriage is 27 with most people meeting their partners at least a couple of years before that . 
  it 's true that many men in relationships could be somewhat `` easily replacable '' , seeing that a reasonably attractive woman could very easily find a desperate guy who would love to be with her . 
  but this is ignoring the emotional aspect of relationships - people actually connect on an emotional level when being together for a longer time , and even though a girl could find a new partner shortly , she often does n't want to break up with her current guy , because the two share a lot of unforgettable memories , and breaking it up would be fucking painful . 
  even if they get tired of each other , they might come back together soon after breaking up , because they are used to each other , as opposed to the hassle of finding new partners and getting to know them all anew . 
  i agree though , that many people do n't have outstanding attributes and therefore often do n't manage to have long-lasting relationships ( or perhaps they do , with other unremarkable people ) . 
  and a lot of people are simply assholes and shitty human beings , which also complicates things . 
  go ahead and laugh , we have a better town bird !, 
  you do n't have to go dig through depths to find horrible statements , as these things are regularly said by moderators and ecs . 
  why ? 
  because women online can not be creepy ? 
  well , goodbye to y' all . 
  i 'm moving into an apartment with two sexy ladies !, 
  what if it 's completely consensual ? 
  where 's the contradiction to feminism ? 
   what does that have anything to do with anything ? 
  he was responding to a commenter who said that `` the most outspoken people about gender equality , against hypermasculinity , and status for themselves above men want to be choked out by extremely sexually dimorphic men and used and abused '' and gave no further proof for that statement . 
  u/biggerdthanyou pointed out that , in his personal circle , outspoken feminists do not want to be chocked out by extremely sexually dimorphic men , and thus his own observation does not align with that unfounded claim . 
  so yes , the statement was relevant in this case . 
  perhaps a woman is interested in getting intimate with a particular man herself ? 
  i 'm saying this because it sometimes appears as if women are just animals which need to be triggered into agreeing with sex with the right methods , but a woman might look over a man being too `` nice '' or asking if she really wants this one too many times , because she 's also attracted to him . 
  af/bb is pretty much an exclusive trp theory and most people would agree that people who date each other are also sexually attracted to each other . 
  also he later added that he 's seen his feminist friends hooking up with these people , so these are clearly sexual relationships .
