somebody 's sense of humour has really failed today !, 
  his english accent is impeccable . 
  literally no way to tell he is n't english . 
  `` we will need to protect our societies against that external threat ! '', 
  said in that way made me wonder why i had n't heard of this guy before he went to the european parliament . 
  his name is the only thing that gave it away . 
  on the surface it is . 
  some great stalls to be found in the locks and stables though . 
  the red light district of central amsterdam . 
  the novelty of gyrating women in windows soon wears off , there 's no comfortable place to chill out , lary groups of men everywhere , it all just feels a bit seedy . 
  especially at night . 
  plenty of lovely places to see in the rest of amsterdam . 
  * not willing or capable of controlling oneself * personality issues sounds like addiction to me . 
  a * mental health * problem . 
  people always get caught up on working out who or what is at fault . 
  that 's not important . 
  people should n't be absolved of responsibility , nor should they be blamed . 
  people get fat because of a series of poor choices , influenced by whatever 's gone on in their lives . 
  accepting that those poor choices were made , but they were mistakes , and moving on , is the sensible thing and should be encouraged . 
  they made a mistake . 
  going on about whether it was ` their fault ' or not is just getting caught up in the past . 
  there are very few addictions where stopping will kill you . 
  barbiturates , bonzodiazapenes and alcohol are pretty much the only ones . 
  opiate withdrawal wo n't kill you . 
  severely reducing your calorie intake will produce a pretty big psychological response . 
  your body is adapted just as much to the food that you eat as to the drugs you take . 
  in what way are they the same people ? 
  how is this related ? 
  it 's a little more complex than that - if you read the comments sections of the daily mail website , you 'll find plenty of people who did not agree with the dm campaign that resulted in this announcement . 
  assuming that this dm campaign reflects the wishes of its readers is ignoring the fact that the dm has an agenda to manipulate its readers ( just like any other newspaper , for a bit of balance ) . 
  so the dm pretends to reflect the wishes of the population , which enables the government to push through legislation that suit its own purposes . 
  oh shit , wrong sea . 
  no wonder i could n't work it out !, 
  so , * z\u00fcrj * . 
  what language is that ? 
  it seems to be an anomoly . 
  somewhere in bulgaria . 
  does anyone have any idea ? 
  a more recent poll , although not quite measuring the same thing , shows the uk voting to stay in the eu , which would suggest more people think it is good for the country than bad . 
  swedes are so feminist that they worry about not being feminist enough even when they are the most feminist in the world . 
  which is exactly the way it should be . 
  lead the world !, 
  they 're talking about * perceptions * . 
  they live in a huge bubble over there , you ca n't expect them to be objective about it !, 
  * refugees !, 
  you 'd have to search pretty hard to find people in cornwall calling general beer korev , as cornish is a tiny , revived minority language , although it is growing . 
  the use of the word ` normal ' is probably just a quirk of translation, 
  who would they buy the insurance from ? 
  other banks ? 
  or there 's the forest of skund , which translates in the local language to `` your finger , you fool '' . 
  named in the traditional way , by pointing at a local landmark and loudly asking a native what they call it . 
  `` ffs '' on your original comment . 
  but it 's really unimportant . 
  the uk has vat . 
  which goes to show that being annoyed about people not knowing the vat status of a country foreign to them is a bit silly . 
  you do n't get it . 
  the origin of the name is irrelevant . 
  words picks up connotations . 
  just because we have the monopoly on the dissemination of our language , culture and history , including that which we share , acrimoniously or not , with our irish neighbours , does not mean that those neighbours are not entitled to point out that the term that we use is a result of that shared history and does have a shade of imperialism about it . 
  the fact that there are so many brits in this thread vehemently defending the term as ` fact ' and ` indisputable ' just goes to prove that the bitterness goes just as deep on both sides . 
  sad , really . 
  zeug is a great german word . 
  so many meanings , so many uses . 
  thanks\u00f8let, 
  definitely a case where google should have been used . 
  `` i have not time '' is grammatical . 
  it 's the opposite of `` i have time '' . 
  it 's an unusual construction but it does make sense . 
  do these populations exist ? 
  both state schools i went to , plus the ones my mum has worked at , do not even play lip service to this rule . 
  no daily act of worship whatsoever . 
  it gets a short mention in an ofsted report and nothing else happens . 
  still quite a number of years . 
  it 's not an insignificant length of time . 
  where are you getting your information ? 
  their name should be read as `` there are no stupid questions here '' rather than `` do n't ask stupid questions ! '', 
  can you tell me what the other scripts shown in that region are ? 
  south of georgia there 's a script i 've never seen before !, 
  is that armenian ? 
  did you see her win the semi-final ? 
  her opponent hurt her knee and had to retire . 
  marin screamed and celebrated as if she 'd just won a long gruelling match . 
  no sympathy or respect for her opponent . 
  but gove 's criteria for which experts people are sick of are broad and meaningless . 
  acronym organisations ? 
  so the un , imf , wwf , rsbca , bsm , we 're sick of hearing from experts with no accountability from those organisations . 
  and ` no accountability ' is really sneaky as which unbiased experts are held accountable ? 
  they are n't , because they do n't have a responsibility to a particular organisation or group of people . 
  politicians are ` accountable ' because you can vote us out , he 's saying , so listen to us , because we do n't want to be wrong as you wo n't vote for us . 
  but also about the chief whip !, 
  i think it might be true that there will be people who voted ukip/remain will feel that corbyn shared many of their concerns , and the fact that he was n't a staunch remain campaigner will count in his favour in terms of winning back their vote at a ge . 
  that 's just shock . 
  it 's too soon to see what the real consequences are for the markets . 
  i think that 's less a problem wtih our country getting worse and more an issue with our own access to information . 
  we 're more aware of what 's going on , and are exposed to far more things than we were ten years ago . 
  ten years ago there was no way a racist idiot from a deprived town in another part of the country would have any bearing on my day-to-day existence . 
  now he can write a comment on a newspaper article or go viral on twitter and then be discussed and paraded by those disgusted by his words . 
  those things accumulate and we rarely get the positive counterpoint online . 
  ( possibly just a commentary on why i feel like i 'm getting more bitter ... ), 
  it 's easily done with chopin , the emotional content is so overt and obvious .
