  he had cheap bear available , ffs !, 
  i call that sss . 
  special snowflake syndrome . 
  maybe in the ` scene ' . 
  average joe most probably had never heard of these things and does n't care . 
   beef or wurst . 
  ftfy, 
   or maybe you can allude to heavier subjects , but only in the context of an upbeat and fun song ? 
  ah , so we invite hanzel & gretyl for this year ? 
  lederhosen macht frei is an excellent party song . 
  after 1938 , no more, 
  do i read that correctly , 34 deutsche fickende mark ? 
  and not 3,40 ? 
  we got them im our rewe stores . 
  and maybe some other high-priced supermarkets . 
  much . 
  both american companies . 
  i see the beginning of a pattern , hmm, 
  you mean ` ahrkensaw ' . 
  not enough man . 
  you think they 're that big ? 
  everytime i read `` as a ( nationality ) , i apologise for x '' i get a twitching in my eye . 
  it 's stupid , there is no need to apologise for a bunch of dicks , who happen to be countrymen/women of you . 
  they do n't act in behalf of all of us , and you do n't speak in behalf of all of us . 
  and i suppose the victims of their actions know better than to lump everyone together . 
  just be nice and maybe things will turn out better with time . 
  rich old people . 
  \u00c7 \u00dc \u015e l a n \u00dc \u015e l a n, 
  if they go full chuchich\u00e4schli you might never think they share a border with us . 
  i 'd say less . 
  maybe more , if you 're from the general area ( friesland , i.e. ) . 
  i live a bit in the south and understanding a swiss is tough , but not impossible . 
   god , i4mbehind7proxies is just so unintelligent . 
  reading this makes me feel dumb . 
  an unintelligent troll demagogue ... when have we seen that before ? 
  should we damn the poles ? 
  have they ruined poland ? 
  what about \u0160koda , seat , vw then ? 
  the same could work for psa . 
  citro\u00ebn , the fancy designer car ; ds the expensive fancy designer car ; peugeot the bread and butter car and opel could range a bit above peugeot or , as some rumours/plans say , become completely electrified by 2030 . 
  until then , being the `` german '' car . 
  you know , technocratic , cool , a bit emotionless . 
  what psa might need though , is a cheapo brand like dacia maybe . 
  they could revive the old idea of opel to bring back wartburg . 
  psa and opel would be the second biggest manufacturer in europe . 
  only vw would be bigger . 
  wtf man , you need some vowels in your life . 
  that 's a kotlett . 
  ^ ^ ( probably ), 
  now i know how outsiders view us beer purists ( reinheitsgebot ftw ) there is more than just `` wiener schnitzl '' or `` schnitzel wiener art '' . 
  it 's the bee 's knees . 
  the uk :\\ ^ ), 
  rente mit 67 is ageist . 
   germans need to get a grip . 
  on europe , yeah . 
  great map !, 
  i can see the borders of the ddr and yugoslavia on it . 
  also czechoslovakia . 
  no soviet union , though . 
  did she go `` moin moin hummel hummel mors mors '' though ? 
  old people are n't diverse . 
  they look all the same . 
   after all it poached many former ideas from the spd like the minimum wage that 's what a grand coalition does to you , i guess . 
  \\  spd \\  left they 're center as fuck , for years now, 
  a good time to fill these numbers with , say , immigrants , no ? 
  but beware . 
  if we make the world turn faster , winds will become stronger , too . 
  thus making the blades go faster , thus makeing the world spin even faster . 
  if we do n't watch out , we will reach infinite speed . 
  which will probably cause a singularity and we start to exist outside of time ( maybe space , too , i dunno ) which makes us ageless . 
  if we become ageless , whole industries will start to collapse and sending us into a economical and philosophical crisis , since youth is n't something worth to strive for anymore . 
  without age , birthdays are almost meaningless . 
  when would we celebrate them anyways with no time ? 
  and with no time , we will always be late , which will piss some people off , swiss the most . 
  you 'll never see a frenchman or spaniard again . 
  not here . 
  i got these names from the top list another user posted . 
  and they could n't have reached the high rankings if only the upper class used these names . 
  they must come from the bulk of the populace . 
  granted , the names are in their single form in the list , but you see lots of car stickers etc with these names in combination . 
  i 'm not advocating for names like raymundo-tuesday or something ridiculous like that , but i think parents should give these things some proper thought and not run after some fads and give their child a name , just because it 's popular . 
  and here we are , current world champions and the big player of the eu , 
  siamese twins . 
  it 's an epidemic in latvia . 
  not that these kleinb\u00fcrger names are any better . 
  leon/louis/lena / marie , preferably in combination with a hyphen . 
  oh , how i despise these short one - and two-syllable names . 
  soo boring and uninspired . 
  24/30 for both genders . 
  so are the flandroons ( ? ), 
  making drive-bys in wallonia , or what ? 
  i know wallonia is economically behind flanders , but the absolute rate is pretty high even compared with the rest of europe . 
  what 's going on in belgium ? 
  great levelheadedness despite having your noses so high up the alps . 
  the alps may function as an echo chamber , so it might be your own voice you 're hearing . 
  you 're alright , though . 
  except the fp\u00f6 and consorts . 
  well , both numbers can be low , but us 's numbers may still sink under china 's . 
  it would n't make china popular here , whatsoever . 
  it 's just we would find the us shittier than china .
