  in the long term , the uk needs to be building around 250,000 houses a year to keep up with demand . 
  in 2014 the uk built 118,760 houses , which was itself an 8 % increase on 2013 . 
  i 'm not sure he does - not anywhere near fluently , at least . 
  i ca n't find any videos of him speaking french , and all reports of him using it in speeches are just for one or two sentences at a time , for which he probably practised the pronunciation with a coach . 
  i ca n't find any extended speaking , nor any interactive conversation . 
  well , also because the huge amount of investment poured into london . 
  the problem is , when you ( or a business ) buys something from another country , they have to do it with the actual currency they have at the actual exchange rates the market offers . 
  the us is n't going to reduce their prices for indian buyers because india 's domestic prices are cheaper . 
  given how global the modern economy is , this is a kinda important measure . 
  it shows how much your country is able to buy on the global , rather than domestic , market . 
  this is the more geopolitically relevant measure . 
  ppp is of course good for other things though , like quality of life measures . 
  russia 's currency is not undervalued . 
  if anything it 's overvalued because the government is expending huge amount of its foreign reserves to prop it up . 
  the article fails to make the distinction between the `` regular '' property market and the `` super prime '' property market . 
  the london super-prime market has been massively inflated by russian and chinese demand and that bubble is already bursting . 
  the regular property market ( i.e. 
  property people intend to live in themselves rather than as an investment vehicle ) however is much less exposed to foreign investment . 
  demand for this housing is largely domestic and the high prices are not an investment bubble but simply rapidly growing demand combined with limited increases in supply . 
  when the london property bubble fully bursts , it 's not going to help the average person buy a house . 
  the only way to bring regular prices down is to build more houses . 
  i do n't believe the mayor has the ability to introduce rent controls anyway . 
  rent controls were abolished by the housing act 1988 and it is not within the power of the mayor of london to defy parliament . 
  not really . 
  the kind of houses that chinese and russian investors go for are generally not the kind of houses that the average worker is looking to buy . 
  foreign investment has led to a bubble in `` super-prime '' property , i.e. 
  the really expensive , luxury stuff , but regular property is a somewhat separate market . 
  prices are rising in regular property too , but that 's not an investment-driven bubble but rather a shortage of supply . 
  most people are voting for him because of his promises on housing . 
  the writer is a significant eurosceptic , so i do n't think that 's what 's at play here . 
  with regards to the election point : in the west , democracy is understood as being something more than the `` tyranny of the majority '' . 
  the idea is that democracy also involves certain levels of rule of law , guaranteed individual freedoms , separation of powers and checks on exercise of power . 
  i kinda feel like this article has things 180\u00ba . 
  from my perspective , the eu 's biggest problem is that too much has happened in response to crises . 
  far too often the eu is extended in an ad hoc way to fix particular problems . 
  the result is a fragmented mass of only partially comprehensive measures . 
  so to say that the current crises are an opportunity is to only invite more crises down the line . 
  we keep making the same mistakes . 
  what the eu really needs is to be completely reworked from the ground up . 
  of course this is virtually impossible in the current situation . 
  there are too many vested interests in the current institutional framework , and the negotiations of a new framework would be a nightmare . 
  on top of that there 's a certain faction that view the crises as a good thing . 
  even the eu 's `` founding fathers '' were part of this group ( and the appropriation of us terminology here is rather telling ) . 
  monnet and schuman both recognised that crises would be a way to push europe towards further integration by necessity rather than careful planning . 
  this remains as true today as then - any attempt to rewrite the eu 's constitution would surely fail any referendum . 
  the only way to reform the eu is undemocratically . 
  this , to me , is the underlying problem : the eu is trying to run before it can walk . 
  certain groups are pushing hard for moves towards a european federal state before the people of europe have developed a european identity . 
  it 's completely wrong-headed . 
  i support a european federal state , but i think trying to force it early is just going to lead to disaster . 
  the eu needs to focus on developing a single european identity ( which can coexist with state identities , it does n't need to replace them - consider regional identities within the uk and germany ) before a single european state . 
  that means cultural projects should be the eu 's priority in terms of further integration : massive expansion of school and university exchanges , funding of language education on a large scale . 
  further , intra-european migration needs to be maintained . 
  that migration and the mixing of nationalities that results will , more than anything else , help create the european identity that is a prerequisite of a european state . 
   ** ft : europe 's multiplicity of crises is not accidental **  * wolfgang m\u00fcnchau *  as we enter the second half of the century 's second decade , the eu is splitting along three faultlines . 
  one divides the prosperous north from the indebted south . 
  a second separates a eurosceptic fringe from a europhile centre . 
  a third is between a socially liberal west and an increasingly autocratic east . 
  this is a scene of disintegration and fracture . 
   it is hard to make specific forecasts for 2016 . 
  there are , of course , many known risks . 
  a british referendum on membership of the eu . 
  the steady stream of refugees . 
  the widening economic imbalances . 
  a meltdown in greece . 
  italy 's quasi-insolvent banking system , and looming tensions between germany and the peripheral eurozone countries over fiscal policy . 
  political uncertainty in spain and portugal . 
  the crisis in ukraine , still far from resolved . 
  the volkswagen emissions scandal , which has faded from consciousness but threatens to undercut one of the continent 's remaining pillars of industrial strength . 
   with so many crises going on at the same time , i find it more useful to look at the big picture -- at the systemic risk that comes not from any one crisis in particular , but from confronting so many of them at the same time . 
   once you take a step back , the multiplicity of crises begins to look less accidental . 
  if you create a monetary union without shared economic institutions , fiscal policies and legal systems , you are bound to hit a wall eventually . 
  likewise , a passport-free travel zone without joint coastguard and border controls can not last . 
   there is a pattern here . 
  the eu has an innate tendency towards foul compromises and fair-weather constructions . 
  nothing fundamental changed last year , except that this problem became apparent to a lot more people . 
   rupture , when it comes , may still shock us . 
  but it also offers opportunities . 
  i believe that the biggest error the eu could possibly commit would be to continue in its old ways . 
  big changes are more likely to be forced by the electorates directly -- through a referendum , such as the one soon be held in the uk -- than by politicians and diplomats . 
  the eu process has a tendency to avoid sudden dislocations . 
  things will only come apart when the pressure from national capitals becomes too strong . 
   there is a danger that this will trigger uncontrolled disintegration . 
  but there is a good chance that europe 's political leaders will be wise enough to move on in a constructive spirit . 
  a uk vote to leave the eu may , in the long run , trigger a wider transformation of the eu into an inner group of countries that seek deeper integration , and an outer group , in which britain and other countries would be perfectly comfortable . 
   a rupture of the eurozone , which i still expect to happen at some point , also offers the opportunity of a wider realignment . 
  once you think about the euro as a fixed exchange-rate system with a shared currency , as opposed to an irreversible monetary union , the mental fog lifts . 
   such a system could only work among a small number of countries with largely convergent economies . 
  austria and germany have maintained a quasi-fixed exchange rate since the 1970s . 
  why should they not continue to do so for another 50 years ? 
  france and germany have maintained an essentially fixed exchange rate since the 1980s . 
  why should they end up on different sides of an exchange rate now ? 
   the case for further economic and political integration between germany and france remains fundamentally strong -- much stronger than the case for political and economic integration of an eu where some countries are part of a single currency , and others have no intention of ever joining it . 
   there was never a convincing logic to the argument that a single market requires a single currency . 
  but the converse logic holds . 
  countries with a single currency require much deeper market integration than countries that maintain their own money . 
  if we accept the eu as a union containing multiple currencies , as we now should , we will have to accept that it is not a single market , but a collection of discrete ones . 
   on top of economic fragmentation , europe is dividing politically between east and west . 
  both hungary and poland have elected eurosceptic governments of the right . 
  both have curtailed the independence of the judiciary and the freedom of the press .
