  - the council of ministers and european council will be merged . 
  each member state will select a high representative to the eu , who represents that member state 's interests in the new council . 
  the council represents state interests , as such it exists to put a brake on undesirable developments rather than take a lead . 
  the council may veto legislation approved by parliament by qualified majority voting . 
  heads of state/government may attend the council in the place of their high representative . 
  - the council is also the guardian of the eu constitution , representing that the eu is a treaty between the nations represented in said council . 
  only the council may propose changes to the eu constitution/treaties , which must be unanimous , and which parliament must then also approve . 
  - the ecj remains largely as it is , including its purposive approach prioritising integration . 
  what this does is essentially turn the eu on its head . 
  at present , the direction of the eu is decided by member state ministers/heads of state . 
  parliament acts as a veto/check , rather than the origin of developments . 
  in my constitution , directly elected european politicians are the driving force of the eu , and member state ministers are the brake/check . 
  it also simplifies things a lot . 
  over time , the changes to parliament would result in stronger party politics , as european parties would now run in elections with manifesto promises , given their new ability to propose legislation once elected . 
  this would enhance political engagement further , as people need leaders to represent parties , and they need those parties to stand for distinct things . 
  only then can you have debate , opposition , accountability , compromise , delivery of promises . 
  around this , a pan-european press would naturally appear to report on developments . 
  the really great thing about this set-up is that it should satisfy both europhiles and eurosceptics . 
  as the speed of eu integration is now dictated by a directly elected body , that speed can vary from a complete halt to full-speed ahead , depending on what people vote for in a democratic election every 5 years . 
  it 's like having regularly scheduled referenda . 
  yoga pants everywhere . 
  i approve . 
  to be fair , the british ones are just objectively better . 
  by which i mean safer . 
  it 's so poor for a reason though . 
  everything is as it is because somewhere , there 's a group of people who would feel that their interests were compromised if it changed . 
  that said , i think there 's a fair amount of redundancy between the european council and the council of ministers , both of which essentially represent the national interest . 
  they could probably be merged . 
  usa is also an example of a more legal idea of citizenship . 
  for many people in europe , citizenship still means more than a set of legal rights and obligations ; it forms some part of their identity . 
  this is much less so in the us , where national identity and citizenship are kept more separate . 
  as can be seen in the people calling themselves `` irish american '' , `` mexican american '' , etc. 
  in a two speed system , how do you secure the rights of the economic minority against abuse by the core majority ? 
  we 've already seen eurozone attempts to deliberately sabotage the economies of non-eurozone member states in order to enrich themselves e.g. 
  the ecb attempt to move euro clearing houses from london to the eurozone , which the ecj recently ruled as illegal . 
   we need a strong european federalist group in the eu parliament both the two largest `` parties '' are federalist . 
  seems premature to call for ttip to be cut out before you 've even seen the text . 
  it looks largely beneficial so far . 
  there are downsides , as in any international deal , but the benefits seem to outweigh them . 
   i 'll hypothesise that it is focus on culture , history , values and visions that are going to realise potent union . 
  we need to be europeans before we can be made european , not the other way around . 
   the european union has to either go , be wiped clean , or get a whole new political system . 
  the people that have lead us the past few decades and have accomplished so little need to get the hell out and be replaced by those who hold visions worthy of 2015 and beyond . 
  this is something of a contradiction . 
  how do you think we 're going to become one people , without the eu ? 
  the eu was never intended to be the final form . 
  that 's why it has the `` ever greater political union '' provision . 
  the eu is a vehicle for europeans to integrate in stages , because if you go for full integration before you have a cultural integration , the people will reject it . 
  the theory is called functionalist integration . 
  the eu overtly sells itself as an economic union . 
  but to successfully implement that union , other harmonisation is needed , and that in turn instigates more union , and so on . 
  eventually the economic turns to the social and political . 
  i agree with you that social integration is the most important for a successful eu . 
  people need to identify as european first , french/german/british second . 
  but free movement , guaranteed by the eu , is the # 1 way to achieve cultural solidarity . 
  the peoples of europe have to mix and disperse in order to create a common identity over several generations . 
  if you get rid of freedom of movement , the european project dies . 
  the other element we 're missing is a pan-european political narrative : european news , not national news , european political parties with clear positions and identifiable leaders with whom the people and press can engage . 
  it 's worth noting that the eu was never intended to exist like it does now . 
  when the treaty of rome was signed in 1957 , it was supposed to be an intergovernmental organisation , like other forms of international law . 
  eu law , as international law , would not apply in the member states . 
  it was up to governments to implement it in line with their agreements . 
  governments which failed to do so would be held accountable in an international tribunal , but it remained solely in the intergovernmental arena . 
  all this changed not because of some new treaty , but because the european court of justice decided one day that eu law would have direct effect in member states ' domestic legal systems , and would take precedence over national law . 
  that was never agreed in any treaty ; it was a power the eu gave to itself . 
  so your characterisation of the eu as being deliberately created this way is n't quite right . 
  it just sort of happened piecemeal , as various interests had to be balanced . 
   the only way to refuse these people would be if we would have a safe place to bring them instead . 
  but we do n't have that option . 
  australia 's still pretty empty . 
  uk annual growth still predicted to be much greater than france 's . 
  even so , 0.3 percentage points is hardly a surge . 
  the greece issue should be resolved one way or another in the next year or two . 
  tensions with russia will continue , and economic sanctions may increase , but i do n't foresee any further significant escalation . 
  after years of debate , the uk will vote by a considerable margin to remain in the eu . 
  as europe returns to prosperity , nationalism and anti-immigration feeling will fall back to previous low levels . 
  political reform of eu institutions and processes will be talked about endlessly , but no significant changes will be made , and certainly no `` bottom up '' rewrite of the bureaucratic architecture of the eu . 
  big issues will be : energy ( both security and transition to low-carbon sources ) , innovation , entrepreneurship , low growth . 
  it was simply a matter of cost-benefit . 
  nuclear power has more benefit , but a lower cost : benefit ratio . 
  it was decided that the extra benefit of nuclear was n't worth the extra cost . 
  pity so many compromises were made in its construction , mainly no catapults and non-nuclear power . 
  in addition to being the third-person plural pronoun , `` they '' is also used as a third-person singular pronoun for a person of unknown or unspecified gender . 
  `` i have to email someone in hr . 
  they 're not going to like what i have to say . '', 
  tesla 's battery does n't use any new technology . 
  it 's just a big lithium-ion battery with great marketing . 
  most bad transposition is a deliberate attempt to skirt the rules . 
  what ? 
  all eu members have to implement all directives . 
  that they are , and as such they 're clearly rape under swedish law . 
  the issue in sweden is n't legal ( i.e. 
  do the acts constitute rape ? ), 
  but factual ( did assange do those acts ? ) . 
  the argument i was disproving above is that swedish law has a strange idea of rape that does n't conform to the meaning of rape in places like the uk . 
  except that would a measurable loss in quality of life . 
  i have n't felt any noticeable loss in my freedom of choice during the period that the nsa has been spying on me : i can still go places i want to go , see people i want to see , say things i want to say , buy things i want to buy . 
  the nsa was spying on me for years without me knowing . 
  it 's said that this is a loss of freedom , but if it 's a loss that i did n't notice at the time , is it really a loss ? 
  it seems to me a nominal loss in freedom only , a loss of my freedom * on paper * , not a practical loss in freedom .
