  the part you 're quoting is not the controversial part . 
  within the eu there are actually two separate but overlapping rights of movement : your right to free movement as a worker , and your right to free movement as an eu citizen . 
  the parts you 're quoting regard rights qua workers . 
  workers have much stronger rights than citizens and have long been able to claim benefits under article 45 tfeu as withholding benefits from eu workers would be discriminatory . 
  the comments in the judgement regarding establishing a real link to the labour market are comments about the definition of a worker under eu law , and thus when a worker can and ca n't claim benefits . 
  the controversial part of the judgement is with regard to rights qua eu citizens . 
  eu citizens ( i.e. 
  migrants who do not fall into the category of a worker ) have much more limited rights and do not have the right of residence for longer than three months ( articles 4-6 citizenship directive ) unless they find a job ( thus becoming a worker ) or can show they have the funds to support themselves ( article 9 citizenship directive ) . 
  article 24 ( 2 ) of that directive stated that these people who are residing within their host nation under their rights as a citizen and not a worker are not entitled to social assistance . 
  it is this article that the judgment in vatsouras directly contradicts . 
  edit : incidentally ,  i disagree . 
  the ecj is hardly political and quite predictable . 
  almost all ecj judgements can basically be distilled to one single criteria : does it obstruct the single market ? 
  i would call this a political motive . 
  the role of the court , if acting as a proper judicial body , should be to apply the law as the legislature has seen fit to enact it , of course interpreting the law and extending it logically and fairly where ambiguities exist . 
  but to be an activist court is to go beyond the judicial and enter the political : the ecj has taken it upon themselves to go beyond the remit of the laws they 're interpreting to extend the single market further than those limits the legislature decided upon , sometimes even in direct contradiction of that legislature . 
  edit : please do n't downvote plusminus1 . 
  he 's discussing this in a reasonable , intelligent and details-oriented way . 
  this is exactly the kind of discussion we should be trying to promote . 
  foreign producers who export food to the uk are in competition with each other for uk custom . 
  there are very few foods which are geographically unique , and certainly this is not the case for staple foods without which the uk would starve . 
  it 's inconceivable that every food exporter in the world would simultaneously extort britain . 
  realistically , if one of them tried , the uk would just buy from a competitor . 
  prices might go up slightly but not in such a way as to significantly impact uk way of life . 
  why ? 
  it 's inefficient , expensive and you see no benefit out of it . 
  it would only serve any purpose in a disaster of untold proportions i.e. 
  complete civilisational collapse . 
  at which point everyone is pretty much screwed anyway . 
  even through wwi and wwii the uk continued to be able to import food . 
  it would take another conflict of similar scale for the uk to be unable to import food , which is a ) extremely unlikely and b ) if it does happen , we 've got bigger things to worry about because we 'll be in nuclear winter . 
  without the rebate , the cap would be essentially a massive subsidy from britain to france because of the disproportionate amount of agriculture sector activity in france and disproportionate * lack * of agriculture in the uk . 
  the rebate was negotiated to rebalance this , and it was negotiated at a time when the uk was struggling economically so it 's fairly generous . 
  i would n't quite go that far . 
  i think there are a good number of reasons to feel negative about the eu . 
  for example , the european court of justice often makes capricious decisions based on political rather than legal considerations , which makes eu law unpredictable and often the expansion of eu powers is declared by the judiciary rather than occurring through any kind of democratic mechanism . 
  entitlement to benefits in other eu member states , for example , was never agreed by treaty . 
  in fact , legislation even tried to restrict any such entitlement , in the form of article 24 ( 2 ) of the citizenship directive ( 2004/38/ec ) , which stated :  the host member state shall not be obliged to confer entitlement to social assistance during the first three months of residence ... nor ... to grant maintenance aid for studies nonetheless , in the case of vatsouras , the ecj decided that eu citizens had the right to claim job-seeker 's allowance from the moment they arrive in their host country . 
  * they gave no legal reasoning for this decision * , merely declaring that job-seeking benefits do not count as social assistance . 
  and that was how entitlement to benefits was born . 
  not by any democratic process , not even by an agreement between the governments of member states . 
  by judicial decree . 
  this is just one example of how the eu 's institutional framework and law-making process is screwed up . 
  the `` democratic deficit '' at the heart of the eu is well-discussed . 
  and there are plenty of other reasons to feel nervous about the eu , especially from the british perspective , the foremost among them being how much the rest of the eu is resisting [ capital markets union ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/moving-money-a-capital-markets-union-primer/ ) , the one area of the single market most likely to benefit the uk . 
  under the principle of the four freedoms and parallel development , free movement of capital and services have equal legal priority to the free movement of workers and free movement of goods . 
  and yet you wo n't see any media coverage of germany and france refusing to integrate capital markets and the service sector . 
  france has the cap , germany has the single market for their manufactured goods , but britain does not have a single market for its financial services . 
  it 's unequal and unfair . 
  but no one ever calls france and germany out on it . 
  they get to hold onto their reputations as being pro-integration and britain is still said to be holding europe back . 
  another reason to be negative about the eu : the very real risk of eurozone states trying to use eu rules to disadvantage non-ez states . 
  for example , last year the ecb attempted to create a new rule saying that euro clearing houses had to be located within the eurozone , which , if it had come into force , would have forced a large amount of financial business to move out of london and into the ez . 
  this is a clear violation of the principle of the single market in favour of the eurozone nations , but , though the ecj did block it , they did not deliver a comprehensive judgement saying it was fundamentally against the principle of the single market . 
  rather they relied on a technicality that meant it was not within the ecb 's powers to pass such a rule . 
  this is worrying : the attempt shows a clear desire on the part of the ez states to move business out of london and into the ez , and there 's no strong barrier to prevent such rules from being passed , in violation of the single market , if they were created by a competent body ( such as by the ordinary legislative procedure ) . 
  so there 's plenty of reasons for britain to be negative about the eu . 
  notice i said nothing about immigration . 
  personally i have no problem with the free movement of workers and intra-eu migration . 
  i think there 's no sound economic or social argument against it . 
  but even without immigration arguments , there 's plenty wrong with the eu . 
  of course , none of this changes the fact that the uk is more prosperous within the eu than without . 
  we just have to stay part of the club and try to reform it from within . 
  not sure about that : - for all that federalists like to talk about the uk holding back integration , there are several areas of integration where the uk is leading the pack in calling for further integration ( namely , service sector and capital markets integration , which legally has equal priority as free movement of workers ) . 
  an eu without the uk would have much less of a drive to integrate in this area . 
  - the uk is an important voice for the principle of governance by consent and the rights of self-determination . 
  the eu would lose something if it lost this voice . 
  eurocrats have a tendency to want to bypass the people of europe . 
  i 'm all for european integration ( i 'm a long-term federalist ) but it must be by consent and it 's going to take a long time for the people of europe to develop a european identity such that a frenchman cares as much about a german as he does a fellow frenchman . 
  this is , in my opinion , a prerequisite of a stable and fair federal europe . 
  without this level of consent then all you have is one group of nations imposing their will on other nations , which is no different to europe 's centuries of conquest . 
  - the uk is a large , advanced and diversified economy with europe 's second-strongest military and a seat on the un security council , without which the eu would have less global economic and diplomatic clout ( though still considerable , it would be less ) . 
  - the uk provides a diversity of opinion about the purpose of the eu within the eu . 
  the idea that europe should be moving towards a federal state is by no means the `` natural '' view , and it 's both right and good that there should be different views expressed about what the eu should be for . 
  the uk has a tendency to advocate the `` single market first '' position , which is an important counterbalance to the french `` political union '' position . 
  after all , while the eu 's founders had the motive of economic union leading to some kind of greater political union ( though federalism is not stated ) , they saw fit to formulate the eu as primarily an economic union . 
  it 's completely legitimate therefore that there should be a voice within the eu for the eu prioritising economic integration and perfecting the single market ( which is still far from complete ) before making any further attempts at increased political union . 
  especially as the uk has the rebate which counteracts the cap . 
  the only advantage of eea membership over eu membership seems to be that you do n't have to join the euro . 
  but as britain already has a permanent opt-out for that , that does n't apply in this situation . 
  absolute insanity that we 're considering leaving then immediately rejoining under worse terms . 
  the problem of uk infrastructure ( especially rail ) is largely that of land and the influence of people who own it : - uk land is more expensive to acquire . 
  - nimbys either have to be compensated for the disruption to their local area or manage to prevent the development entirely . 
  often this will mean expensive tunnels instead of just running track through the country . 
  - uk land is often less flat meaning more tunnels . 
  the uk is an interesting case because originally it was announced we passed the pre-crisis peak in 2014 but then the figures were revised and it turned out we had already done it in 2013 . 
  the uk is above pre-crisis point on every measure , from gdp to wages to productivity . 
  the same is true of france ( france in fact reached pre-crisis levels a year before the uk ) . 
  slow growth is a problem , but there 's no need to exaggerate things . 
  the eu is in growth , just much slower than the us . 
  you 're going to be more specific with `` we '' there , because the vast majority of eu nations have higher real gdp and real gdp per capita than they did in 2007 . 
  the us has grown much faster , but the eu has still grown . 
  government borrowing has two main purposes : 1 . 
  investment in infrastructure . 
  stimulus in recession/depression . 
  uk 's national debt expanding as a result of an economic crisis is government debt working as it is supposed to . 
  the important part is to not let it get out of control ( greece ) . 
  it 's actually a bit higher than 0.6 % - that was the 2010 figure . 
  but that 's not the key point here , the point is that 0.6 % of 64 million is still a decent amount of people . 
  in absolute terms , the uk population is growing by around 400,000 / year , all of which need housing .
