  this fund was created to deal with financial instability that threatened the eu economy as a whole , as the financial crisis did . 
  the fund exists to head off future financial crises . 
  not only does greece 's situation not fit the bill , it would be irresponsible to deplete the fund for another purpose , leaving europe vulnerable to another financial shock . 
  your burn on the huffpo is amusing as it 's exactly the same text as the reuters article you link as more reliable . 
   insee will , however , include illegal drugs trade estimates in separate data it sends to brussels every year and which is used , among other things , for the calculation of a country 's contribution to the eu budget , he said . 
   insee did not include drugs in its may revision of gross domestic product but included other parts of the new calculation rules such as accounting for research and development spending as investment . 
  a literal reading of this is that france says it will , in the future , include the drugs figures , but that so far ( in may ) it has n't done so . 
  only time will tell if it does what it says it will . 
  further , it only refers to the inclusion of drugs . 
  it does not say that france will include illegal prostitution , as the uk does . 
  if countries not in a currency union have debt problems , they have the control over their monetary policy to resolve the issue . 
  control which greece lacked . 
   the economic union does n't end at the eurozone borders . 
  no , but the currency union does . 
  you ca n't use the single market to justify non-eurozone members subsidising eurozone members . 
  the single market and the eurozone are distinct , and avoiding exposure to the risks of the euro is exactly why those countries did n't join the euro in the first place . 
  the fee is linked to the gdp calculation . 
  france was not asked to pay as high a fee as it should have been asked because their gdp figure was lower than it should have been , had they used the correct calculation . 
  yes , france paid the fees they were told to pay . 
  but they should have been told to pay more . 
   insee did not include drugs in its may revision of gross domestic product but included other parts of the new calculation rules such as accounting for research and development spending as investment . 
  it 's in the link i provided : http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/06/18/france-drugs-gdp_n_5506922.html that said , it was written in august 2014 so poland could have adopted them since . 
  indeed , this was already addressed above . 
  the three `` movies '' in this trilogy revolve around the conflicts , not necessarily the bailouts . 
  the second bailout was largely uncontroversial at the time and , due to a compliant greek government , was passed without any real drama . 
  the problem is n't that the uk fees increased , it 's that france 's did n't . 
  the uk followed the eu rules that asked members to include prostitution and drugs in our gdp calculations , which resulted in an inflated gdp and higher fees . 
  france [ refused ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/06/18/france-drugs-gdp_n_5506922.html ) to follow this rule and so has avoided having to pay more , and even made a fuss about how immoral the uk is for including the figures . 
  so far only the uk and italy have followed the eu rules on the matter , and for doing so have been punished by increased membership fees . 
  meanwhile , the rule breakers are rewarded . 
  and somehow everyone still thinks the uk is the one dragging its feet . 
  the ft article has better reporting but it 's behind a paywall . 
  i 'll quote the relevant section :  britain 's share of the efsm is thought to be about $ 1bn . 
  mr osborne spoke to wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , his german counterpart , and others on monday to try to head off a row in brussels . 
   `` our eurozone colleagues have received the message loud and clear that it would not be acceptable for this issue of british support for eurozone bailouts to be revisited , '' one uk treasury insider said . 
  `` the idea that british taxpayers ' money is going to be on the line in this latest greek deal is a non-starter . ''  the idea of involving britain in the greek bailout emerged during acrimonious talks between eurozone leaders in the early hours of monday morning , to the alarm of some officials in the room . 
  several officials raised concerns that the use of emergency cash on behalf of all 28 member states was being discussed without consulting london , where david cameron 's objections to using the fund is well known . 
   `` we may prevent grexit but we 'd cause brexit , '' said one eurozone official . 
  basically , eurozone officials and germany are on the same page as britain here , it 's just france and juncker who want to involve the uk . 
  legally it 's not impossible , because it would be done by qualified majority voting , meaning britain could theoretically be overruled ( though even a small number of allies could sink it ) . 
  but politically it 's a non-starter . 
  at the very least we could probably count on the support of sweden and denmark , two other non-euro states . 
  as for the # 1.8 billion additional contribution required from the uk , it was demanded according to rules we had already agreed to ... we probably should have looked over those rules a bit more carefully and anticipated what they meant . 
  it 's really our own fault for agreeing to the `` hookers and blow '' version of gdp that resulted in our gdp increasing , and thus our expected contribution . 
  if this were to happen ( which it wo n't ) , britain should demand representation in the ecb . 
  if the uk is going to contribute to propping up the euro , it should have influence over euro policy . 
  perhaps the uk should take the greek example and just not investigate fraud . 
  they 're all poor ? 
  not sure what factor in particular you 're pointing towards . 
  the imf does n't let shit go . 
  it holds a grudge forever . 
  sudan has been in arrears since 1984 , somalia since 1987 , zimbabwe since 2001 . 
  cambodia went into arrears in 1975 and did n't repay the imf until 1992 . 
  the problem is that you can have the most business-friendly regulatory environment you like , it wo n't do a thing without investment to create growth . 
  greece needs an economic stimulus as well as reform . 
  one without the other is leaving the job half done . 
  unemployment is absurdly high and the only way for those people to get employed is if businesses start hiring and consumption rises . 
  that is n't going to magically happen on its own . 
  if it does n't happen , unemployment stays the same/keeps rising , the economy keeps contracting and the government 's finances keep getting worse . 
  saddling the government with more debt at the same time is just asking for another default . 
  i think most british people are simply viewing from the sidelines . 
  we do n't have a horse in this race , not being a member of the eurozone . 
  it 's universally agreed that it was definitely good not to join the euro , however . 
  i do n't think the issue of brexit has really been impacted * in britain * by the greek crisis . 
  but i do think it 's been impacted in the other eu member states : namely , british eurosceptics are no longer viewed as completely insane . 
  there 's a growing body of people around europe who recognise that the eu has some serious problems and is in urgent need of reform . 
  without that reform , exit does n't seem so unreasonable . 
  i still anticipate that `` yes/in '' will win in a landslide , however . 
   and table posted in main topic adds only values of growth each year to each year . 
  and bcoz of that i has to be lower i understand * what * the table is doing , just not * why * . 
   so if you add those growths it will be 20 % +33,3 % = 53,3 % what does this figure of 53.3 % represent ? 
  it 's not the actual percentage growth of the economy over the time period stated . 
  it 's not the average annual growth . 
  it 's surely a meaningless figure . 
  what calculation did you use ? 
  going to the raw gdp figures at the [ world bank ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.mktp.cd/countries ) , poland 's gdp in 2005 was us$ 304,411,705,932 and in 2014 was us$ 548,003,360,279 . 
  that is growth of 80 % , but you have 45 % . 
  similarly , the uk in 2005 was us$ 2,412,109,090,909 and in 2014 us$ 2,941,885,537,461 , which is a growth of 21 % , when you have 13 % . 
  edit : is the divergence explained as real vs nominal gdp growth ? 
  edit 2 : nope , the world bank figures are all adjusted into 2014 dollars . 
  i glossed over technical accuracy in favour of narrative elegance . 
  looks like a wikipedia table , which makes it much funnier . 
  edit : found it . 
  the problem is how difficult it is to get any kind of treaty change passed . 
  the eu is more or less stuck in its current form , because it 's basically impossible to get any new treaty approved in the current climate . 
  unsurprising that this has n't got a reply . 
  for those who are curious , ttip docs can be browsed on the european commission 's website here : http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ttip/, 
  us considers europe largely benign . 
  damn , if we lose greece we drop below 500 million . 
  well , that 's that , someone call merkel , tell her they ca n't leave . 
  people migrate to other eu countries , work there and receive relatively high wages , then send the money home ? 
   the cut should have been far greater in 2012 . 
  except if you do n't give the investors any incentive to accept the haircut , then they 'll just refuse it and you 'll have to default instead . 
  the us is in a rather unique position , though . 
  the underlying strength of the us economy ( basically a world leader in every industry you can think of ) , the enduring value of the dollar as the world 's reserve currency , as well as the currency of oil transactions , and the federal reserve 's theoretical ability to back up us debt means that the us can take on a much higher level of debt than most other countries without suffering interest rate increases and loss of investor confidence . 
  hell , if i remember correctly , interest rates on us treasuries actually went * down * during the crisis , because us government debt was still considered a relative safe haven compared to equities , government debt of other nations , etc. 
  all this means that the us could afford a debt-funded stimulus in the middle of the great recession without too much fear of negative repercussions . 
  the same does not necessarily hold for greece , spain , etc. 
  indeed , in spain it was their main problem . 
  at the start of the financial crisis , spain had one of the lowest debt-to-gdp ratios in europe .
