  to be fair , it 's phrased ambiguously , in such a way as to also mean `` acting in unison '' rather than just political integration . 
  obama has consistently tried to minimise the usa 's involvement in the middle east as part of the pivot to asia . 
  in his ideal world , europe steps up to the plate , increases military spending and sorts out the middle east ( which is on europe 's doorstep ) themselves . 
  not sure why the uk and us did n't bid for the contract too . 
  especially the uk , as it has a ready-made class of modern nuclear-powered stealth attack submarines ( the astute class ) that is currently mid-way through construction . 
  so the design , the industrial infrastructure and skills are already in place . 
  it surely would have been very easy to add more subs . 
  i could understand losing the bid , but not even trying baffles me . 
  maybe the uk government refused to approve sharing of technology . 
  if you 're going outside of london , i 'd recommend going to either historical locations ( e.g. 
  bath ) or places of natural beauty . 
  more like you join a football club , the other members want to introduce cricket and you just want to keep playing football . 
  hungary will veto any stronger measures . 
  a single autocrat can be contained . 
  two autocrats covering each other 's backs is hard for the eu to handle . 
  i wish this was the result of a big drive to increase renewable power . 
  unfortunately it 's more the result of coal being shut down ... likely to be replaced by gas . 
  hinkley point c is n't going to be finished in time , if it goes ahead at all , and the current government is cutting support for renewable power . 
  when the impending `` energy crunch '' hits , gas will almost certainly be the option the government picks to plug the supply gap . 
  because of the latitude , daylight hours are quite long in the summer . 
  it is largely a debate about a definition yes . 
  but the definition becomes materially important when you come to pay capital gains tax , because the rate at which you pay cgt depends on how much income tax you 've paid , using all three of the aforementioned components ( non-savings income , dividend income , savings income ) . 
   i pay tax on dividends , so i know . 
  it 's income , but it 's not rated as income tax . 
  i thought i was clear on that . 
  the tax regime is different as that of general income tax , it adds to the base though . 
  income tax is n't just a single set of rates . 
  there 's a set of rates for non-savings income , a set of rates for dividend income , and a set of rates for savings income . 
  all three are considered components of income tax . 
  i 'm a lawyer , so i know . 
  tax on dividends is income tax . 
  the rate at which dividends are taxed is a separate rate to non-savings income , but it is still considered income . 
  https://www.gov.uk/income-tax-rates/current-rates-and-allowances https://www.gov.uk/tax-on-dividends/how-dividends-are-taxed  i 'm supposing cameron dodged those via the shell company he did not . 
  he paid uk tax on his dividends . 
   and he claims that profits were below the capital gains yearly allowance you do n't pay capital gains gtax on annual income . 
  you pay it on sales of assets ( capital ) . 
  cameron 's share sale would have come under cgt if it had been for enough money . 
   but dodgy dave is a hypocrite , make no mistake about it . 
  obviously he had never have a proper job unlike carr , so it was n't income tax that he avoided . 
  dividends on shares are subject to income tax . 
   exactly how many countries have that ? 
  england and wales do , which is the jurisdiction of the op article . 
   forced to pay child support because god forbid you be a responsible parent who supports their children . 
  that would be simply * horrible * . 
  it 's not just about tax rates . 
  it 's also about available legal structures . 
  common law nations have greater appeal on this front because of the unique nature of the concept of a trust . 
   how is sex possibly more scandalous than likely tax evasion because financial crime does n't make a good front page in a gossip rag . 
  `` most '' is a bit of a stretch . 
  pretty much the urban middle class . 
  ours came first :p, 
   except that jacques delors ( the president of the european commission at the time ) is widely accepted as the father of the single european act maybe in france . 
  delors ' contribution was as follows : in november 1984 , he presented four choices to the heads of government of the member states : a focus on monetary policy , or foreign policy and defence , or institutional reform , or the internal market . 
  the member states ' heads of government unanimously chose the internal market . 
  the project had languished for years while headed by karl-heinz narjes ( german ) , largely due to opposition from the french government in 1982 . 
  the project only moved forward once cockfield was put in charge . 
   again , just because a uk commissioner is leading on a file does not mean that the uk is writing it . 
  the commission is a collegial body , when something is presented by a commissioner it is the position of the whole college . 
  just because bienkowska is polish does not mean that poland wrote the single market strategy , i do n't understand what is complicated to understand here . 
  to top that off , the commissioner is not even the one actually doing the writing , it is commission officials . 
  there are several issues here . 
  firstly , it is normal to attribute an achievement by a group to the leader of the group , since they were the driving mind behind the achievement organising the group . 
  secondly , there 's the issue of `` legal fiction vs reality '' . 
  the eu commissioners are not * supposed * to represent national interests . 
  but in reality they do . 
  when the number of commissioners was supposed to be reduced to fewer than the number of member states , meaning member states did not get a commissioner each , there was huge upset and the idea had to be permanently postponed . 
  thirdly , it may be increasingly true now that commissioners more and more consider themselves as representing the eu and not their nation , but this was nowhere near true in the late 80s , when the eu had a much more intergovernmental ( rather than supranational ) approach . 
   or you could see it as a dilution , the 2004 expansion was rushed and mistakes were made ( particularly dealing with the countries as a block as opposed to bilateral negotiations ) . 
  those now slow down the decision making process and make further integration harder making the eu a mere fta zone . 
  i think it 's a bit tenuous to redefine an expansion of the eu as anti-eu . 
  once you start accepting arguments like that then it 's completely open for others to argue the same . 
  so , for example , an eu-wide migration system would appear to be an expansion of the eu . 
  and yet using a similar argument to the above ( that badly executed expansion is actually anti-eu in the long run ) it could be argued that such a policy would inflame right-wing anti-eu sentiment and thereby undermine the eu . 
   there are many other files , such asthe refugee crisis/external borders , deeper police integration , the digital single market , the single market strategy , etc. . just because it is legitimate to work on the single market for services , does n't mean you have to stop all the rest . 
  as you rightfully pointed out , while this is the uk 's priority it is n't other countries ' so it makes sense to also work on stuff that others care about no ? 
  but it * should * be other countries ' priority too , if they were genuinely pro-eu . 
  the four freedoms come first , legally and operationally . 
  police integration , foreign policy , even the euro ... these not the core of the eu project . 
  you could have the four freedoms without them . 
  the uk has embraced in good faith free movement of labour and goods , which largely benefit other eu member states more than the uk . 
  but as soon as integration comes along that benefits the uk most , the supposedly `` pro-eu '' members suddenly find different priorities . 
   the letter you are referencing predates the commission 's publication of its cmu plans . 
  i would n't pretend to know the file but my understanding of it was that they wanted to focus on different aspects of financing securitization vs bank financing ( i think ) than where things were headed . 
  they said the eu should not embrace a us-style system with regards to services and capital , citing different legal and cultural traditions in eu member states as the reason ( which has been read to refer to germany 's approach to debt as a moral rather than economic matter as well as french employment law ) . 
  but if you 're preserving individual member states ' legal and cultural traditions , you can not have an effective federal system . 
  a federal system necessitates overriding state systems with a federal framework that has priority . 
  for all the us 's faults , their regulation of capital and service markets is not one of them . 
  the us system works spectacularly well . 
  so to say we should not look to the us as an example is to effectively say that we should not be looking to make freedom of capital and services effective . 
   the uk wrote the single european act ? 
  are you for real , there were other countries than the uk at the negotiating table , claiming that the uk single handedly wrote it is incredibly presumptuous and plain wrong . 
  the british did write the single european act . 
  specifically it was based on a white paper written by lord cockfield called `` completion of the internal market '' , presented in june 1985 to the heads of government of the member states in milan . 
  the white paper suggested 279 specific measures to realise the internal market . 
  the white paper became the single european act a year later . 
  by 1992 , 95 % of the measures in cockfield 's white paper had been enacted and 77 % were in force . 
   i do n't think the 2004 expansion was a good thing . 
  but it was undeniably an expansion of the eu . 
  this is where it becomes increasingly transparent that being labelled `` pro-eu '' does n't actually mean supporting the eu . 
  it means supporting your particular national interests and dressing it up in the rhetoric of european solidarity .
