  romania has a right to freedom of movement of labour , goods , capital and services . 
  it does n't have the right to appropriate other states ' money . 
  when it comes to fiscal transfers , there is no difference between romania and egypt , because neither of them have any right to one . 
  in the uk we call this `` too posh to push '' - people getting a c-section not out of medical necessity but out of a desire to avoid the unpleasantness of a natural birth . 
  the reason why the uk is seeking these reforms is to bring the uk system in line with other eu systems . 
  the vast majority of eu benefits systems are contribution based systems , which means that most eu nations can deny eu migrants access to benefits without discriminating against them . 
  this is because they are treating migrants the same as their own population : if you have no record of contributions , you get no benefits . 
  it just so happens that natives do have contributions built up whereas migrants do not . 
  the uk does not have a contribution based benefits system which means you can gain full access to the uk benefits system so long as you are a resident . 
  the reform the uk is seeking is n't trying to establish a benefit that the rest of the eu lacks , it 's trying to level the playing field . 
  of course it 's really a pointless exercise because eu migrants are still net contributors to the uk public finances . 
  in practice there 's no problem to be solved . 
  but in principle it 's only fair . 
   and as far as i can remember the uk has n't exactly been a driving force of eu integration , more of a hesitant follower . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  this is more a matter of rhetoric than actual history . 
  the single european act of 1986 was based off of a british white paper `` completion of the internal market '' written by lord cockfield . 
  the single european act established qualified majority voting , one of the cornerstones of the modern eu , and also set out a timeline for the completion of the single market , containing 279 specific measures to be taken to deepen eu integration . 
  it also increased the powers of the european parliament . 
  by the end of 1992 , 95 % of the measures in lord cockfield 's white paper had been implemented by the eu . 
  another example : when the eu expanded in 2004 ( to include cyprus , the czech republic , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia , and slovenia ) the uk , ireland and sweden were the only eu nations which backed unlimited open borders for those countries . 
  every other nation negotiated some form of `` opt-out '' that meant they could place restrictions on migration from the new nations . 
  the uk is also currently the main driving force behind furthering the [ free movement of services and capital ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/moving-money-a-capital-markets-union-primer/ ) , which are legally equal to free movement of labour and goods in the eu . 
  so given all of this , why do you hear so much about the uk constantly being a drag on eu integration ? 
  simple : if you can characterise your opponent 's policy as obstructionist and illegitimate , then you do n't have to justify your own position any more . 
  the uk has several policy disagreements with france about the primary purpose of the eu ( i.e. 
  economic vs political ) and it 's a clever political move to dodge the debate entirely by claiming the uk has no position at all and just wants to leave . 
   call me an optimist then  eu reformed with every crisis it went through - i am confident it 'll happen again . 
  not really . 
  successive crisis have * extended * the eu but never really reformed those parts that already existed . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  when a us president makes decisions that end up benefiting some states and costing others it 's in the furtherance of a federal aim . 
  the way the costs fall unequally is * incidental * . 
  us presidents do not have the primary aim of benefiting certain states and punishing other states , it just so happens that certain federal policies turn out that way . 
  this is a sharp contrast to the current state of the eu/ez . 
  policies like the clearing house policy discussed above had the direct goal of taking money from the uk and giving it to the ez . 
  the policy had no other realistic objective . 
  it was n't for the benefit of europe as a whole , it was a naked money grab . 
   that 's something everyone does . 
  such is the nature of interstate relations . 
  we changed the nature of that relation between some of us , but the uk did n't want to be part of that . 
  not really sure what you 're talking about here . 
  did you change the topic from abuse of federal process for self-enrichment to the idea of fiscal transfers in general ? 
  if so : 1 . 
  the eu and ez do not yet have any system of fiscal transfers . 
  us presidents do not use fiscal transfers to enrich their home state . 
   the eurozone will do what the eurozone suits best while adhering to the treaties it signed . 
  if you have a problem with that , vote out and get out . 
  alternatively : stay in and enforce the rules . 
  and let 's not pretend like the ez is harmonious within itself . 
  as much as the ez has a tendency to try to enrich itself at the expense of the non-ez , it 's equally true that each individual ez nation tries to enrich itself at the expense of other ez nations . 
  the problem of national self-interest taking priority over pan-european interest is a problem for all of the eu , not just the non-ez nations . 
   so what 's the problem ? 
  it was just a political game , both sides knew that . 
  the problem is that it demonstrates that eu nations are still trying to use eu rules to benefit their own countries at the expense of other eu nations , which is completely incompatible with any kind of integration or federal union . 
  imagine if us presidents used their power to shift money from around the union to their home state . 
  it would completely remove all legitimacy from the institution of president . 
  i 'm talking about attempts by ez nations to enrich themselves at the expense of non-ez nations by passing discriminatory eu regulations . 
  the most famous example being the recent attempt by the ecb to force euro clearing houses to relocate from london to inside the ez , contrary to single market principles of non-discrimination . 
  fortunately it was struck down by the ecj as illegal . 
  is this not the type of policy you were referring to in `` the eurozone should pursue the eurozone 's interests '' ? 
  differing economic strength is actually not so great a problem as differing economic * structure * . 
  so , for example , one of the many reasons why britain was unable to join the euro was that britain has a much higher rate of home ownership than continental europe ( and especially germany ) , which means that britain 's economy is significantly more sensitive to changes in interest rates via the medium of mortgages . 
  were britain part of the eurozone , any change in interest rates by the ecb would have a massively asymmetrical effect on britain vs much of the rest of europe . 
  economic planning becomes very difficult indeed . 
  was expecting this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylhgtjjhxlo, 
  the foundational principle of the single market ( and therefore the eu ) is that of non-discrimination between eu nations . 
  if you allow that ez nations can discriminate against non-ez nations then you 've basically destroyed the eu . 
  not sure how you got `` hollande is weak '' out of that article . 
  it went into an unusually specific level of detail as to the causes of french loss of influence , and none of it really related to hollande . 
  even after the population balances out , the average age is still at 51 . 
  that 's hugely problematic for an economy . 
  they do stuff for free that reduces your need to buy things . 
  if only this were true . 
  the aggregate military spending figure of europe ca n't be used like that . 
  one of the greatest military expenditures is r&d . it costs a hell of a lot to develop new planes and ships , and european militaries each develop their own separate classes . 
  for aircraft carriers , france has charles de gaulle class , uk has queen elizabeth class . 
  so much of europe 's military spending is on redundant capabilities . 
  the result is that europe gets far less `` bang per buck '' than the aggregate spending figure would suggest . 
  and of course redundant spending does n't end at r&d . there are all sorts of operational redundancies too . 
  the shambles that are european militaries was highlighted by libya . 
  this is a place that is right in europe 's back yard , so should not require extensive power projection capabilities . 
  especially as the enemy was one of the worst equipped military forces in the world . 
  and yet :  it has been a war where the danes and norwegians did an extraordinary number of the combat sorties , given their size . 
  their planes and pilots became exhausted , as the french finally pulled back their sole nuclear-powered aircraft carrier for overdue repairs and italy withdrew its aircraft carrier to save money . 
   only eight of the 28 allies engaged in combat , and most ran out of ammunition , having to buy , at cost , ammunition stockpiled by the united states . 
   the united states still ran the initial stages , in particular the destruction of libya 's air defenses , making it safe for its nato colleagues to fly . 
  the united states then provided intelligence , refueling and more precision bombing than paris or london want to acknowledge http://www.nytimes.com/2011/09/04/sunday-review/what-libyas-lessons-mean-for-nato.html  less than a month into the libyan conflict , nato is running short of precision bombs , highlighting the limitations of britain , france and other european countries in sustaining even a relatively small military action over an extended period of time  the current bombing rate by the participating nations is not sustainable . 
  `` the reason we need more capability is n't because we are n't hitting what we see -- it 's so that we can sustain the ability to do so . 
  one problem is flight time , the other is munitions , '' said another official , one of several who were not authorized to discuss the issue on the record . 
   typically , the british and french militaries buy munitions in batches and stockpile them . 
  when arsenals start to run low , factories must be retooled and production lines restarted to replace the diminished stock , all of which can take time and additional money , said elizabeth quintana , an aerospace analyst at the royal united service institute in london . 
  the problem is the article 6 right to a fair hearing by an impartial body , which means every deportation decision has to be heard by a court/appeals panel , and often that decision can in turn be appealed . 
  also it 's a convention of international law that you can not leave a person `` stateless '' . 
  if we have no idea what state a migrant comes from , we ca n't get rid of them without making them stateless . 
  the problem is that the border is porous . 
  unless you build a trump style wall there 's no way you can stop people from getting in . 
  the vast majority of illegal immigrants are caught once they 're already in europe , which means you have to deport them rather than just keep them out . 
  it 's deportation which is so problematic , both legally ( because of the numerous hearings and appeals each person is entitled to ) and practically ( because no country wants to take them back ) . 
  i 'm not sure that the goal posts have moved .
