  a full tantrum . 
  what do you do to control the situation * now * ? 
  delaying the punishment until you get home wo n't help you get your shopping done . 
  you do n't have time to take them home immediately , you have to go to work in 30 minutes . 
  you 're tilting at windmills , just repeating the same stuff without actually reading what people are saying in response . 
  no one is saying it 's okay to be violent or abusive towards kids . 
  the argument is over the definition of violence . 
  my proposal , which is echoed by several others , is touching your kid is not violence if it does not cause pain or harm them . 
  frankly , saying something is violent if it has no harmful physical effects seems quite absurd . 
  hugging someone could be violent under that definition . 
  it would n't be assault , it would be battery , which is defined as all touching . 
  battery already does n't apply to parents : parents are allowed to pick their kids up , to hold them back , etc. 
  that would be a battery between adults , but not between parents and kids . 
  dictionary definitions are pointless . 
  that way lies semantic debate . 
  i am specifically referring to a real physical action : hitting someone with insufficient force to cause pain . 
  you can say that the dictionary calls that beating , but that does n't suddenly make it equivalent to hitting someone to cause pain . 
  it just means you 've played semantics to give two different things the same name . 
  i refer you to my above post :  personally , i prefer a system of rewards and restrictions . 
  i think it 's just as effective and builds a better relationship between the child and adult . 
  however , i think proportionate punishment is a legitimate parenting strategy that parents should be able to choose . 
  the child is not harmed by it and it is effective at enforcing rule following . 
  a system of incentives is the superior parenting strategy , but that does n't mean that spanking is completely ineffective . 
  your own linked study shows that : spanking still got the job done . 
  the advantage of spanking is that it requires a lot less parenting skill . 
  not every parent has the ability to create an effective system of incentives and disincentives like you can have in a controlled lab situation . 
  real world parenting is a lot more complex , and the incentive system can often be unworkable . 
  for example , if you take your child to the shops , and they misbehave , and your established punishment is a time-out , what do you do ? 
  enforce the punishment and abandon your shopping trip ? 
  or keep shopping and abandon the punishment ? 
  most parents do n't have the time to abandon the shopping trip , they have things that need to get done . 
  so the punishment gets skipped and the child does n't learn . 
  which is why i said self-harm , to avoid said equivalence . 
  you can be violent towards yourself , after all . 
  the point is that not all touching is violence . 
  unless you want to say parents can not even touch their children , e.g. 
  lift them up , hold them back , etc. 
  violence against children is abuse , but spanking is not violence . 
  if i clap , am i self-harming ? 
  that 's the level of force spanking involves . 
  no one is talking about beating children . 
  you keep deliberately shifting the debate to a different issue . 
  spanking is not about teaching via pain . 
  the idea is that you do n't hit them hard enough to hurt , no more force than you use when you clap your hands when applauding . 
  it 's not pain that is doing the job , it 's the emotional impact associated with the punishment . 
  children are n't adults , and it 's naive to think of them as adults who just so happen to be short . 
  there are numerous ways in which children do not possess the same rights as adults , not least freedom of movement and property ownership rights . 
  can you imagine if one adult confined another adult 's movements , or confiscated their property ? 
  there 's also a right to property in the echr . 
  children have to be taught to obey the rules . 
  respecting the property of others , solving problems without violence , and so on -- these are not natural human conditions . 
  people have to be trained to follow them . 
  personally , i prefer a system of rewards and restrictions . 
  i think it 's just as effective and builds a better relationship between the child and adult . 
  however , i think proportionate punishment is a legitimate parenting strategy that parents should be able to choose . 
  the child is not harmed by it and it is effective at enforcing rule following . 
  characterising light spanking as beating the shit out of someone is just disingenuous . 
  about as lazy as guardian journalists , i guess . 
  i 'm pretty strongly anti-ukip , but abstention was the platform on which they were elected . 
  pretending that they 're absent because they ca n't be bothered is stupid . 
  they have a principled objection backed up by democratic mandate . 
  because interpreting that as applying to spanking would be absurd . 
   the uk has a collection every 2 weeks o.o where the hell do you live ? 
  we have three collections a week and this is grimsby lol . 
  given the poll results , a european army under the control of a european electorate would surely be just as ineffective as current european armies are . 
  the will to act would be absent . 
  downloading a torrent client is technical for a great many people . 
  you overestimate the internet literacy of the general population . 
  remember internet explorer is still the most used browser . 
  most people have never heard the word `` torrent '' , have no idea what a torrent client is or where to download one , have no idea how to access torrent listing sites like pirate bay . 
  if someone made an app for mobile operating systems that was basically an in-built library of titles with one-click downloading , all the rest of the stuff behind the scenes , then torrenting would increase massively ( basically , if someone made a free version of netflix with every title , plus music , powered by p2p ) . 
  such an app is only possible if legalised . 
   perhaps you should do some actual research on the subject of availability and how it affects revenues ( or more accurately , how it does not ) . 
  rather than peddling this conservative 's narrative . 
  perhaps you should read what i said , which is not about current levels of file sharing ( about which research has been published ) , but about a system where close to 100 % of content consumption occurs by file sharing . 
  i do n't know what 's making you draw that conclusion . 
  the text says file-sharing , and draws no distinction between the various methods of sharing . 
  the only significant limitation is `` commercial '' , but most large scale file sharing is already non-commercial . 
  legalising file sharing would result in downloading of content on an unprecedented scale . 
  it would n't be the current level of file sharing , only without the disproportionate punishments . 
  file sharing would become the primary form of content consumption , to the point of obsoleting all other formats . 
  there are two things standing in the way of file sharing reaching that scale : the technical obscurity of torrenting , and the fear of legal consequences . 
  remove the latter and it wo n't be long until some enterprising person builds a platform that removes the former , and suddenly no one is buying anything from content creators any more . 
  i 'm not convinced that content creators currently lose all that much in the way of sale to pirating . 
  but to pretend that this would remain true through any scale of piracy is foolish . 
  obviously , there will come a point at which producing content is a loss-making exercise . 
  that 's the point at which content stops being made . 
   the uk stands to gain far greater from taking a more proactive intra-eu role through leadership rather than leaving . 
  pro-active like being the only eu government currently campaigning heavily for eu reform ? 
  proactive like giving the eu a fresh democratic mandate via a plebiscite ? 
  proactive like being a net financial contributor ? 
  or proactive like being a steadfast supporter of expansion ? 
  i support almost all of these , except geo-blocking , but legalising file sharing is insane . 
  i would say that the uk is in general an equal opportunity xenophobe . 
  the eu has managed to avoid this by riding the us 's coattails for the last 50 or so years . 
  we may not have sent the troops , but we certainly benefited from the result . 
  but with china , india , and brazil rising as powers , and in the face of european economic troubles , increasing us isolationism and russian aggression , the eu is going to have to do more of its own dirty work in the future . 
  if we decide not to , we can expect our quality of life to stagnate along with our economies . 
  all those things that europe holds dear -- the welfare state , high quality healthcare and education -- are the direct result of our wealth , which in turn is a result of our favourable position in the system of global trade . 
  if our wealth ceases to increase , then it 'll be our turn to look enviously at other countries and desire the quality of life they have which we ca n't afford .
