  a complete overhaul of the uk 's planning system is necessary and there need to be some serious incentives to increase housebuilding ( and ideally building of much more space efficient apartment blocks ) . 
  there are a great many decisions the government could make that are economically simple i.e. 
  all economic experts agree they are the right decisions . 
  but they 're politically difficult because of vested interests in land . 
  the reason is that the uk benefits system is structured such that the uk is liable to pay out far more benefits to eu migrants than other eu countries ( which largely use contribution-based benefits systems ) . 
  the general gist of the article is something i find quite interesting . 
  the eu is committed to `` ever closer union '' but there are many ways that can be interpreted . 
  it does n't have to mean a federal european state . 
  yes , the eu 's architects such as monnet and schuman stated in various speeches that their aim was to move europe towards some kind of federalism . 
  but even the us , most do not hold their founders in such regard as to consider all their views sacrosanct ( under the principle of the `` living constitution '' ) . 
  the architects of the eu saw fit to formulate the eu as primarily an economic union , with only vague statements regarding future political union . 
  their personal hopes for the future of the eu should not bind us or our interpretation of `` ever closer union '' . 
  once we appreciate that the eu is not destined for federalism and a plurality of views about the eu are legitimate , debate becomes a lot more interesting . 
  far too many federalists assume that member states have to get on board with their agenda or get out . 
  but with federalism having no special status , the federalists have to justify their position just like everyone else . 
  so `` ever closer union '' can mean all sorts of things . 
  it can mean a union of peoples rather that states : the development of a common european identity and european solidarity between closely cooperating but sovereign european nations . 
  it 's not immediately clear to me that this is inherently inferior to a federal european state . 
  local government is often more effective than central , being closer to the issues they are addressing , and a group of cooperating nations , if their interests are genuinely aligned , can have just as much global clout as a unitary state of the same size . 
  what prevents the eu from currently having that clout is not that we lack centralised institutions , it 's that the interests of member states are not aligned . 
  this is the `` holy roman empire '' model , and though i am a federalist ( in the long term ) i think it 's a model worth serious consideration . 
  certainly it seems to be a much more realisable goal than federalism in the medium term . 
   ** the holy roman empire can help inspire a different european union **  * we should look to the example of charlemagne , writes peter wilson *  germany 's past casts a long shadow . 
  last summer , greeks protesting against the stringent terms of the eu bailout brandished pictures of angela merkel sporting a hitler moustache and a nazi armband , with the swastika replaced by the euro sign . 
   such images remain potent but they hinder real engagement with the questions of how germany will use its current economic and political influence , and how far the eu can or should contain that power . 
  for answers we should look back in time to when germany was part of the holy roman empire . 
   the empire scarcely seems worthy of discussion today . 
  if it has any resonance at all , it is usually thanks to voltaire 's quip that it was `` neither holy , roman nor an empire '' . 
  founded by charlemagne on christmas day 800 , the empire appeared to go into decline almost immediately until being swept away as an obsolete irrelevance by napoleon in 1806 . 
  in the words of james madison , the fourth president of the us , the empire was `` a nerveless body ; incapable of regulating its own members ; insecure against external dangers and agitated with unceasing fermentations in its own bowels . ''  knowing why the empire has been interpreted this way can help us to understand present-day germany 's position in europe , particularly its leading role within the eu . 
   the legacy of two world wars has encouraged those outside germany to fear its leadership as potential hegemony but the history of the holy roman empire reveals a time when germany was part of a wider pacific order . 
   the negative interpretation of the empire rests on seeing it as a series of failed attempts to create a german nation state . 
  in this version of history , a succession of monarchs tried to create central institutions capable of imposing a uniform system of rule , only to be thwarted by the selfish ambitions of petty german princes . 
   in fact , the empire was never simply `` germany '' . 
  it covered what is now austria , switzerland , belgium , luxembourg , netherlands , the czech republic , much of italy , and parts of france and poland . 
   historians in all these countries found no use for the empire when they came to write their national stories in the 19th century . 
  for them , like the greek protesters , `` empire '' meant foreign domination . 
   the imperial aspect of the empire is perhaps the hardest for us to grasp today , largely because we tend to conceive empire through the experience of european colonial power . 
   we expect empires to have a clear and stable core inhabited by an imperial people that imposes its will on peripheral regions . 
  but the holy roman empire had no core , because it never possessed a clear centre of government or even an official capital . 
  instead , power was always multiple and plural . 
  the management of daily life was devolved to more local powers . 
   the most significant change across the centuries was not a progressive fragmentation of an originally centralised power , as previous generations of historians believed . 
   rather , it was a gradual thickening of local power that drew its legitimacy from its relationship to the empire as a whole . 
  imperial charters and laws sanctioned local rights and liberties . 
   additional layers were added over time in response to circumstances , most notably during the 16th and 17th centuries , when protestants acquired the same legal safeguards as roman catholics . 
   however , long before this jews had received protective rights which generally functioned better than those granted by monarchs in europe 's more centralised kingdoms . 
   and it is here that we see most clearly what the empire can tell us about europe 's possible future . 
  its inhabitants generally identified with it positively because it preserved their own autonomy and ways of life . 
   it can not be a blueprint for today 's eu , because the social order which underpinned that local autonomy was also riddled with inequalities we would find abhorrent . 
   yet it does suggest an alternative to the stark choice between the eu as a single , homogeneous superstate or fatally weakening europe 's global position by fragmenting it into a mosaic of national states . 
   * the writer is chichele professor of the history of war at the university of oxford and the author of the holy roman empire *, 
  celts did n't arrive in britain until around the 6th century bc ( determined by the appearance of chariot burials in that time period ) . 
  if there is a coherent concept of the `` native briton '' , it 's not that of a celt , but rather the people who built stonehenge - a group about which we know very little , but who likely migrated to britain at the end of the last ice age , when there was still a land bridge connecting britain and what is now the continent . 
  the first few chapters of peter ackroyd 's foundation : a history of england vol 1 provides a nice overview of historical ( and prehistoric ) migration into britain . 
  actually , celts themselves were like the saxons : a migrant group that integrated into the pre-existing native briton population as a ruling class . 
  we do n't know much about those native britons ( who migrated to britain as the glaciers retreated ) as the celtic culture rapidly replaced whatever culture the natives had , but genetically the celts had surprisingly little impact on english dna . 
  well , the vast majority of uk benefits are not unemployment benefits but rather in-work benefits . 
  i think unemployment benefits account for something like 2 % of the welfare budget . 
  i imagine because : a ) the damage caused by the opium wars was less direct . 
  the atrocities in the article involve the british directly killing large numbers of people . 
  b ) at the time , opium was just another trade good like sugar and tea . 
  drugs did n't have any kind of special moral status until much more recently . 
  usa was pretty much a british successor state though . 
  not sure that this has anything to do with british rule being good . 
  basically the successful colonies were the ones that replaced/wiped out the native population whereas the colonies that ruled the native population did badly . 
  that holds across the european powers , it 's just that britain did more of the former ( or rather , conquered all the ones like quebec , louisiana and california which had been started by other european powers ) . 
  to be fair though , world population used to be far more balanced than it is today . 
  even in the early 1900s , for example , the population of the uk was greater than all of britain 's african colonies combined . 
  it is . 
  it 's hard to overstate how much london and new york dominate financial services . 
  to put it in context : more euros are exchanged in london than in the entire rest of the eu put together . 
  where did i say anything about nations being friends ? 
  in fact my position relies upon the opposite : nations are sufficiently self-interested that no global embargo of britain could ever work . 
  someone would always break the embargo and sell us food . 
  all those nations are in competition with each other . 
  and even that scenario is absurd . 
  it 's inconceivable that even a significant minority of the world 's food exporters would collude to embargo the uk . 
  this would be why the uk wants to reform the rule . 
  the uk ( and i believe germany also ) does not have a contribution-based benefits system : job-seeking benefits are not conditional on anything other than the person looking for a job . 
  you do n't have to have had a job previously , and everyone receives the same amount . 
  furthermore , there is no time limit : so long as you 're looking for a job , you continue to be eligible for the benefit . 
  the effect of the ruling is exactly that any eu citizen can come to the uk and immediately claim unemployment benefits . 
  on top of this , a large number of other benefits , such as free dental treatment and free pharmaceutical prescriptions , are tied to being in receipt of this job-seeking benefit . 
  their summary paragraph encapsulates the problem :  in that regard , ** nationals of the member states seeking employment in another member state who have established real links with the labour market of that state can rely on article 39 ( 2 ) ec in order to receive a benefit of a financial nature intended to facilitate access to the labour market ** . 
  it is for the competent national authorities and , where appropriate , the national courts not only to establish the existence of a real link with the labour market , but also to assess the constituent elements of that benefit , in particular its purposes and the conditions subject to which it is granted . 
  the objective of the benefit must be analysed according to its results and not according to its formal structure . 
  t ** hus , benefits of a financial nature which , independently of their status under national law , are intended to facilitate access to the labour market can not be regarded as constituting ` social assistance ' within the meaning of article 24 ( 2 ) of directive 2004/38 ** . 
  the first bolded part restates the law as it already existed with regards to workers : if you have a link to the labour market , you can access job-seeking benefits . 
  but then they say the second bolded part . 
  this statement excludes job-seeking benefits from being counted as social assistance under article 24 ( 2 ) . 
  since article 24 ( 2 ) applies to all eu migrants , not just those who are moving under their status as a worker , this means that the right to benefits has been conferred on all eu citizens , even if they do n't have the status of a worker ( i.e. 
  even if they have no link to the labour market ) . 
  basically what the court is failing to do is make the distinction between workers and eu citizens . 
  it 's making a judgement about article 24 ( 2 ) in a workers case , implying that workers and citizens have the same rights . 
  the end result is that all eu citizens can get job-seeking benefits . 
  this would appear to contradict the intent of the legislature , which would not have created separate rules for citizens and workers if it intended to conflate the two categories . 
  it seems to me that if you 're calling a certain argument weak , the onus is on you to explain why that argument is weak . 
  to anyone tempted to click `` continue thread '' : do n't bother . 
  just a load more posts of people arguing about which side should put their argument forward first .
