  for example , britain had a greater population than all its african colonies combined . 
  i also think you 're misrepresenting my point . 
  i said `` do n't treat colonies like shit '' , not `` immediately give all colonies full enfranchisement and covert the empire into a federal state overnight '' . 
  obviously , investment in the colonies would be subject to what was fiscally responsible . 
  that 's still a lot of money , given the huge returns on investment that you get from early stage industrialisation . 
  similarly , you would n't grant full enfranchisement overnight . 
  you 'd be sensible about it . 
   i know you guys have the talent , so why are n't you doing it ? 
  like i said , no serious british artist would subject themselves to the joke of eurovision . 
  it 'd be career suicide . 
  i 'm sure the organisers would love for a big name act to give it a go , but none of them are willing to risk losing to no-name novelty acts . 
   just because they happen to come from a specific country it 's not because they 're russian , it 's because russia is invading other european countries . 
  it 's not discrimination if it 's based on your actual actions . 
  eurovision is about tolerance , sure , but there 's a limit . 
  if nazi germany was in eurovision , the idea that you should n't boo them would be absurd . 
  obviously russia is n't anywhere near that extreme ( yet ) , but the principle is the same : you can only look past another country 's crimes so far . 
  i would send a message to justinian i warning him of the plague and advising on basic hygiene . 
  or , alternatively , a message to queen victoria to tell her that the empire will be gone by 1947 if britain keeps treating colonies like shit . 
   or maybe when you actually bring a good song performed well . 
  but no eurovision songs are actually good . 
  i mean , some of them are * tolerable * , but you would n't actually listen to any of them for pleasure . 
  my guesses were : gibraltar , malta , suriname . 
  so ... got it in two ? 
  and yet they give us a shitty 1 point in eurovision . 
  so we 're including crimea as part of russia on maps now ? 
  all of those were well in the past . 
  i 'm sure we 'll win again , one day ... in maybe 30 or 40 years , once the political landscape of europe has changed completely . 
  the uk would n't win even if we had by far and away the best song . 
  with that in mind , sending an established and talented artist would just result in their inevitable humiliation as they lost in front of an audience of 200million to a transparently inferior act . 
  everyone knows this , which is why no serious artist is willing to take on the job . 
  sweden 's entry was just a poor knock-off of avicii , really . 
  the taranis drone linked above is able to fly on its own as well as perform manometers and fire at targets . 
  us drones are able to take off and land from aircraft carriers autonomously . 
  an alternative is to have unmanned aircraft without remote control i.e. 
  reliant entirely on the on-board ai . 
  you program it with a mission and send it on its way . 
  but that would be a level of reliance on ai that i do n't think we 're yet ready to accept . 
  to be fair , while ukip has seen a significant rise in vote share , it 's still very far from a majority . 
  i would be quite interested to see a survey of attitudes towards european integration that had good methodology . 
  the real problem is remote control . 
  that leaves them vulnerable to disruptions in communications infrastructure ( e.g. 
  attacks on satellites ) and also cyber warfare ( an area in which the uk is well behind the us and china ) . 
  no doubt unmanned attack aircraft will have a place in future armed forces , but for the above reasons i 'm not sure if we 'll see them fully replace manned aircraft in the foreseeable future . 
  poland 's financial sector is a minnow compared to uk , usa , singapore , hong kong * . 
  it avoided bailouts not by better regulation , it was simply less exposed to global risk because it 's so much smaller . 
  * edit , for reference , the gdp of the uk 's financial sector is $ 294 billion . 
  that 's over half the size of poland 's entire economy ( $ 517.5 billion ) . 
  give parliament more legislative powers and control over the executive , increasing european democracy . 
  create a military union . 
  federalise . 
  do n't federalise , scale back the eu to focus on economic union alone . 
  reform the commission in some way . 
  end various particular policies , such as cap . 
  end the euro . 
  keep the euro . 
  every state having a veto would be the end of the eu . 
  it would just become fixed in place as it is now , unable to ever change . 
  the eu is too big , with too many competing interests . 
  unanimity is very rare . 
  we ca n't even all agree that russia invading ukraine was bad . 
   and if that makes them better off why do we need huge banking sector again ? 
  because they 're not better off ? 
  the crash was bad , yes , but not as bad as not having a financial sector at all . 
  that 's throwing the baby out with the bathwater . 
   first , i 'd scrap the common fisheries policy . 
  why use a system based on quotas ? 
  it just leads to lots of dead fish just being thrown back into the sea that ca n't be legally taken back to land . 
  i 'd then replace it with a system that limits the size of the nets and the length of time each boat is allowed out at sea . 
  the quota system is just bafflingly bad lol . 
  quotas are assigned to each member state , recognising that member states are separate entities and their interests must be balanced . 
  but people from one member state can incorporate a company in another member state and use their quota . 
  when the uk tried to stop this , it was struck down as contrary to eu law regarding freedom of establishment ( factortame ) . 
  this is just contradictory . 
  either you treat member states as separate , and have quotas by state and do not allow people from one state to use another state 's quota , or you treat europe as a single market , have a european-wide quota , and allow freedom of establishment . 
   eu law is too damn complex . 
  make it a part of eu constitution , that eu law length ( as measured by total number of characters in the whole compiled eu law in all the languages , divided by the number of languages ) must decrease by at least 1 % each year . 
  if not - fire everybody involved when the year ends and hire new ones . 
  i 'm not sure if decreasing length is really the way to decrease complexity . 
  more likely , the complexity would stay the same , but the wording would become more obscure , so the system would become even less comprehensible . 
   take banking law from one of the countries that had not needed bailouts in 2008 , introduce it in the whole eu . 
  the countries that did n't need bailouts are basically the countries without a financial sector . 
  he was n't particularly controversial , he just had the bad luck of being chosen at the height of british euroscepticism . 
  cameron misjudged his ability to gather support ( in particular from merkel ) and tried to oppose him to satisfy the eurosceptics , given that juncker is a federalist . 
  in the end it just demonstrated how isolated britain is . 
  it 's a qualified majority , not a simple majority , so it 's harder to pass than parliament . 
  but yes , the idea is explicitly to prevent easy veto , in deference to the third factor , `` progression of the european project '' . 
  the idea is that the council ca n't use the veto to slow down integration , the speed of which is decided by the elected parliament . 
  rather , the council is a check on bad legislation that 's poorly thought through or manifestly unfair . 
  qmv veto is enough to serve that purpose . 
   wrong , in practice the council works by consensus/unanimity . 
  not sure where you got this idea . 
  link to council of ministers votes : http://www.votewatch.eu/en/term8-council-latest-votes.html a great many of them are non-unanimous . 
  out of 14 votes in march 2015 , 6 failed to reach unanimity but passed by qualified majority : http://www.votewatch.eu/en/term8-regulation-of-the-european-parliament-and-of-the-council-amending-council-regulation-ec-no-1346-2000.html http://www.votewatch.eu/en/term8-regulation-of-the-european-parliament-and-of-the-council-on-the-monitoring-reporting-and-verificatio.html http://www.votewatch.eu/en/term8-regulation-of-the-european-parliament-and-of-the-council-amending-regulation-ec-n-223-2009-on-europe.html http://www.votewatch.eu/en/term8-directive-of-the-european-parliament-and-of-the-council-amending-directive-2001-18-ec-as-regards-the-2.html http://www.votewatch.eu/en/term8-directive-of-the-european-parliament-and-of-the-council-facilitating-cross-border-exchange-of-inform.html http://www.votewatch.eu/en/term8-regulation-of-the-european-parliament-and-of-the-council-concerning-type-approval-requirements-for-t.html, 
   - include a clause protecting social democracy , nonviolence , national healthcare , secularism , and the `` basic outlines of european cultures and values . '', 
  not quite everything on your list , but :  article 2 , treaty on the european union  the union is founded on the values of respect for human dignity , freedom , democracy , equality , the rule of law and respect for human rights , including the rights of persons belonging to minorities . 
   these values are common to the member states in a society in which pluralism , non-discrimination , tolerance , justice , solidarity and equality between women and men prevail . 
  the significance of this is that you either have a german account or a british account . 
  you ca n't have a european account . 
  the german subsidiary and british subsidiary are separate legal entities with separate capital requirements and subject to separate regulation . 
  this means that barclays ca n't share capital across all europe , but rather each individual subsidiary has to meet its own capital requirements .
