  there are some politicians who are able to shape public opinion by sheer force of will and charisma . 
  cameron is n't one of them . 
  he 's pragmatic to a fault and heads in whatever direction the wind is blowing . 
  it 's one of the reasons why he 's been so successful - his blandness appeals because the majority of people do n't really want anything to change much . 
  wow you really do n't understand this at all lol . 
  it 's a referendum . 
  cameron ca n't decide shit . 
  currently polls put the `` leave '' side ahead of the `` stay '' side . 
  eu leaders adopting hostile rhetoric would do nothing but guarantee british exit . 
  britain is already a second-rate power , as is every individual eu member state . 
  that 's kinda the point . 
  europe can only consider itself in the same league as the us and china if it is counted as a single unit . 
   our fighter jets are not allowed to fly at night because apparently the cockpit lights blind the pilots . 
  does n't germany use the eurofighter ? 
  how is it that the uk 's eurofighters work fine but germany 's malfunction ? 
  if you think that you 're just ignorant . 
  the single european act of 1986 was based off of a british white paper `` completion of the internal market '' written by lord cockfield . 
  the single european act established qualified majority voting , one of the cornerstones of the modern eu , and also set out a timeline for the completion of the single market , containing 279 specific measures to be taken to deepen eu integration . 
  it also increased the powers of the european parliament . 
  by the end of 1992 , 95 % of the measures in lord cockfield 's white paper had been implemented by the eu . 
  another example : when the eu expanded in 2004 ( to include cyprus , the czech republic , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia , and slovenia ) the uk , ireland and sweden were the only eu nations which backed unlimited open borders for those countries . 
  every other nation negotiated one of those hated `` opt-outs '' that meant they could place restrictions on migration from the new nations . 
  oh , and while we 're at it , as i mentioned above , you have the fact that the uk is the main driving force behind furthering the [ free movement of services and capital ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/moving-money-a-capital-markets-union-primer/ ) , which are legally equal to free movement of labour and goods in the eu . 
  funny you do n't hear about them as much . 
  and let 's not forget the uk 's # 11bn/year contribution to the eu 's budget . 
  real deadweight . 
   it 's no use to try to keep them in just because , if even nominally a member they do n't actually want to take part and actively help shape the union . 
  this is such infuriating rhetoric . 
  taking an active role to shape the union in a way that you do n't like is still taking an active part . 
  your problem with the uk is not that britain is uninvolved in the eu . 
  your problem is that you disagree with the direction of their involvement i.e. 
  you have a policy disagreement . 
  so do n't frame it as if people having a different opinion to you is some kind of crime . 
   that 's mostly because that 's in britain 's interest though . 
  yes . 
  just like cap is in france 's interest , free movement of goods is in germany 's interest , free movement of workers is in poland 's interest , etc. 
  every member state has their own interests . 
  but from the eu standpoint , the four fundamental freedoms are of equal priority , which means it 's good for the eu to have states trying to deepen them . 
  currently the uk is the only member state ( except perhaps the netherlands ) that is campaigning to further one of those four freedoms . 
  yes . 
  i framed it as a question because i genuinely do n't know and am curious . 
  if you do find anything concrete , i 'd be interested in hearing it . 
  i think it 's important to distinguish the personal motives of the `` founding fathers '' * from the actual constitutional framework of the eu . 
  there is nothing in the constitution of the eu that says the eu ever has to become more than a single market . 
  people like monnet and schuman had that end goal , but we are not bound by their goals . 
  not even the usa venerates their founding fathers to * that * degree ( living constitutionalism ) . 
  and before you mention `` ever closer union '' : it 's a very general statement with multiple interpretations . 
  it can refer to cultural union or closer intergovernmental cooperation as much as increased centralism . 
  yes , many of the founders viewed it as a statement of a federal goal , but as above : we are not bound by their personal goals . 
  * does anyone else hate the appropriation of us terminology with respect to the history of the eu ? 
  it feels like such a fake attempt to generate a us-style federal identity without having any of the actual history . 
  does n't the european health insurance card mean that when an eu citizen receives healthcare in any eu nation , their country of origin gets sent the bill ? 
   can i ask why you see them as so dangerous ? 
  national parliaments having a hard veto of eu laws basically means no eu law would ever be passed again . 
  i would say rather that the uk largely wants to be a member of the eu under the terms in joined under i.e. 
  a single market . 
  a lot of europeans are understandably tired of the brexit debate and are beginning to say `` i wish the uk would just leave '' . 
  in the interest of cool heads , then , here are some of the benefits of having the uk in the eu for the rest of the eu , in addition to the uk being a net financial contributor to the budget . 
  - for all that federalists like to talk about the uk holding back integration , there are several areas of integration where the uk is leading the pack in calling for further integration ( namely , service sector and [ capital ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/moving-money-a-capital-markets-union-primer/ ) [ markets ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/eu-plan-capital-market-rival-america-investments-financial-services-hill-union/ ) integration , which legally has equal priority as free movement of workers ) . 
  an eu without the uk would have much less of a drive to integrate in this area . 
  - the uk is an important voice for the principle of governance by consent and the rights of self-determination . 
  the eu would lose something if it lost this voice . 
  eurocrats have a tendency to want to bypass the people of europe . 
  i 'm all for european integration ( i 'm a long-term federalist ) but it must be by consent and it 's going to take a long time for the people of europe to develop a european identity such that a frenchman cares as much about a german as he does a fellow frenchman . 
  this is , in my opinion , a prerequisite of a stable and fair federal europe . 
  without this level of consent then all you have is one group of nations imposing their will on other nations , which is no different to europe 's centuries of conquest . 
  - the uk is a large , advanced and diversified economy with europe 's second-strongest military and a seat on the un security council , without which the eu would have less global economic and diplomatic clout ( though still considerable , it would be less ) . 
  - the uk provides a diversity of opinion about the purpose of the eu within the eu . 
  the idea that europe should be moving towards a federal state is by no means the `` natural '' view , and it 's both right and good that there should be different views expressed about what the eu should be for . 
  the uk has a tendency to advocate the `` single market first '' position , which is an important counterbalance to the french `` political union '' position . 
  after all , while the eu 's founders had the motive of economic union leading to some kind of greater political union ( though federalism is not stated ) , they saw fit to formulate the eu as primarily an economic union . 
  it 's completely legitimate therefore that there should be a voice within the eu for the eu prioritising economic integration and perfecting the single market ( which is still far from complete ) before making any further attempts at increased political union . 
   third is a big effort to complete the single market in areas like services , digital and energy markets . 
   fourth is a mechanism to safeguard the interests of non-euro countries from the risk that an integrated euro zone might discriminate against them . 
  it causes me no end of frustration that all the focus has been on the useless benefits and `` emergency brake '' reforms when these two are the only ones that are actually important . 
  when it comes to infrastructure , yes . 
  ability to build infrastructure is pretty much a function of how much money you have to spend on it . 
  the larger your economy , the more infrastructure you can build . 
  britain should pay for the expansion of its infrastructure to improve britain . 
  as britain 's population increases , so does its economy . 
  more people are working , more people are consuming . 
  population increases both supply and demand . 
  a larger economy means increased tax revenues . 
  that increase in tax revenue allows you to fund more building of infrastructure and provision of services . 
  basically it 's a cycle . 
  more people require more spending but also provide more revenue to fund that spending . 
  the economy as a whole grows . 
  a larger economy means britain is able to wield more influence globally and within the eu . 
  it also means more money to spend on the uk 's military , further contributing towards that influence . 
  meanwhile , back at home , the uk 's infrastructure has benefited from the economies of scale . 
  modernising the uk 's existing rail infrastructure , for example , costs the same whether the uk 's population is 64 or 70 million . 
  but in the latter case , the project becomes more affordable relative to total tax revenues and , with more people using the trains , also justifies the expense . 
  end result : the uk has shiny modern infrastructure where before it might have contented itself to struggle along with its rusting victorian systems . 
  productivity increases as a result , leading to even greater economic growth . 
   well , that 's the issue is n't it ? 
  none of these things are , nor can they . 
  they can . 
  the current rate of population growth in the uk is historically unremarkable . 
  infrastructure could keep up during the baby boom , it can keep up now . 
  whether it * will * keep up is up to the government .
