  collective defence implies participation . 
  if you do n't contribute , you 're not part of a collective . 
   why the confidence that this changes overnight ? 
  if my post suggested that i thought an increase in defence spending is likely , this was unintentional . 
  my intent was to describe what * would * have to happen as a precursor to a european military , not what will actually happen . 
  i think the question is framed badly . 
  this is for three main reasons . 
  after going though these reasons i will nonetheless answer the question . 
  i apologise in advance for the length of the post , but these are complex issues . 
  firstly , the question assumes that only present threats justify military spending . 
  this is not the case . 
  the reason why there are no real present threats is because of past military investment . 
  a powerful military is a deterrent ; if you stop investing in it and allow it to decrease in strength , you 'll start to find threats appearing where before there were none . 
  this has already begun , but it will only deteriorate as europe 's defence spending withers . 
  this may be met with disbelief by some , who think that surely europe is too rich , too advanced , too enlightened , to be involved in a full-scale war once more . 
  surely in this age of global interconnected trade , war is not on the table for advanced economies . 
  there 's too much to lose . 
  but this is not the first time in history such sentiments have been expressed . 
  the impossibility of war due to economic interconnectedness was also stated by many in the years immediately preceding wwi . 
  many nations have considered themselves safe in the past . 
  in the absence of sufficient military strength , their disbelief that they were being invaded did nothing to repel the invaders . 
  and without a sufficient disincentive , why would a nation choose not to invade another , if its vast riches stood almost completely unprotected ? 
  we still live in the age of realpolitik . 
  if there 's something to be gained , a nation will pursue it . 
  secondly , the question assumes that the sole use of a military is to protect from direct military attacks on european soil . 
  this is not the case . 
  we live in a globalised world , which means that europe 's continued prosperity and security can be affected significantly by events happening around the globe . 
  europe still imports a significant proportion of our energy , which forms the backbone of all economic activity . 
  our industries rely on imports of large quantities of natural resources , and many european nations rely on food imports to support their populations . 
  further , a lot of europe 's wealth ( and its continued wealth ) relies on the ability for our companies to enter foreign markets and sell european goods and services there , which has the effect of moving the world 's wealth to europe , resulting in our continued prosperity . 
  it is therefore essential that foreign nations are open to european business , that they maintain a capitalistic rule of law necessary for commercial activity , and that an international free trade framework is in place . 
  having a powerful military supports all of the above . 
  you can use it to police global sea lanes through which vital trade flows . 
  you can use it to guarantee energy supplies , both by protecting the trade routes through which energy supplies pass , and also by supporting governments in the producing countries that are receptive to trade and not likely to use that energy supply as a powerful political tool against europe ( as russia often tries to do ) . 
  a powerful military allows you to support and install governments that are open to trade , and more generally adds to the diplomatic clout of international rules and institutions designed to facilitate trade . 
  it is no coincidence that the world 's richest powers also happen to be those with the largest militaries , and in particular navy . 
  the model was first developed by the british empire , then perfected by the usa . 
  national prosperity and the ability to enforce favourable terms of global trade are intrinsically linked . 
  if you do n't actively pursue this , then you lose out . 
  if other nations overtake you in prosperity , they have more resources than you to both invest in national infrastructure ( and therefore competitiveness ) and also military power . 
  suddenly you find yourself playing by their rules , and you 're at the disadvantage . 
  and as advantage tends to propagate further advantage , it can be very hard to turn the tables . 
  thirdly , the question does not take into account the `` us factor '' , i.e. 
  the extent of europe 's current reliance on us military power . 
  it 's the us that polices world trade and enforces the capitalistic world order from which europe derives so much of its wealth . 
  it 's the us that guarantees europe 's borders against russian power . 
  european powers could n't even maintain an assault for a few days before [ running out of munitions ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2011/09/04/sunday-review/what-libyas-lessons-mean-for-nato.html ) and in-repair equipment . 
  it took us six months to defeat libya 's military , one of the weakest in the world , without direct us support , and even that was with indirect us support in the form of logistics , planning , advice and as a supplier of arms . 
  this situation is unacceptable , for several reasons . 
  firstly , because the us can not be relied upon to always back europe . 
  its forces have been leaving the area for decades now , and this will likely continue in the long term . 
  secondly , the us 's interests are not always the same as europe 's interests . 
  the us 's idea of an acceptable loss for europe will not be the same as europe 's . 
  the us will be more reluctant to defend europe 's interests than europe itself would be , with a powerful military of its own . 
  thirdly , it 's an unacceptable loss of european sovereignty to rely on a foreign nation for our continued security and prosperity , especially when that foreign nation is willing to enforce its interests at europe 's expense . 
  britain and france should never forget the humiliation of the suez crisis , when the us systematically and deliberately acted to reduce european power in order to increase its own hegemony of the post-wwii world order . 
  now , finally , with all that in mind , we can answer the question . 
  what threats does europe face ? 
  in the immediate term , there is the threat of russia . 
  any kind of invasion is unlikely , but russia without a doubt seeks interests which harm europe 's interests . 
  this takes a variety of forms . 
  ukraine is the best example : ukraine wanted a trade agreement with the eu which would bring it inside the eu 's sphere of influence , increasing trade and paving the way for future membership in several decades . 
  russia acted to protect its interest in influence over ukraine and reduce the influence of the eu . 
  in the events that followed , european actions were constrained by a fear of russian control over energy supplies , and fear of coming into conflict with `` rogue '' russian military in ukraine . 
  with a stronger military , these would have been less of a concern . 
  russia 's `` eurasian union '' is a further challenge to eu interests . 
  in the medium term , isil is a real threat . 
  it now looks likely that isil will gain dominance over all of syria and northern iraq . 
  only direct western military intervention would prevent this , and we have no appetite for that at the present time . 
  this means that in 10-20 years , there will be a brutal fundamentalist state close to europe , between us and a major source of energy supplies , with a large military force and an extreme dislike of us . 
  china is a threat in the medium term too , via its ambitions in the south china sea , and also via its desire to set up an alternative global trade system , the rules of which favour the chinese model of commerce rather than the western model . 
  it will be military force that backs up both of these . 
  while europe has no direct interest in the south china sea , south korea , singapore , japan and even hong kong represent bastions of free trade and commerce in the region , receptive to european trade and investment . 
  if they fall further into china 's sphere of influence then this will change . 
  arguably , britain also has a moral responsibility to come to the defence of singapore in the event of any aggression against it . 
  this would theoretically be a responsibility inherited by any european successor which adopted the responsibilities of the british military . 
  in the long term , the greatest threat is that of climate change , which will disproportionately harm the developing world , both because of the geographical qualities of africa and asia , and because of their inferior infrastructure . 
  mass migration on an unprecedented scale will result , in addition to significant damage to global food supplies due to famine . 
  this will coincide with increased competition for energy supplies , and likely the imposition of strict international rules regarding carbon quotas . 
  in such a situation , where the world suddenly becomes a lot more competitive and natural resources far more scarce , a strong military is essential to secure the continued security and health of europe . 
  but they 're speaking as individuals , not in their capacity as cabinet members i.e. 
  this is not the official government policy of germany and france . 
  if you want a federal eu , the key is patience . 
  it 's perfectly possible to have a federal , one-speed eu , if you 're willing to allow it to come about naturally , over the course of several decades . 
  i do not think the eu should be trying to push federalisation until * at least * 2050 . 
  trying to force a political union before a cultural one was and is a grave mistake . 
  europeans will not accept political unity until they care as much about other europeans as they do about their own nation . 
  if the eu wants greater political union in the future , its focus should be on encouraging a european identity and intra-europe solidarity , not on ever more ambitious political projects which lack popular support . 
  this is why , of all the proposals in the op , the only one i support is the one involving teenagers going to live in other european countries . 
  finding the funding for it would be difficult , but i think that kind of policy should be the absolute priority of the eu at the present time . 
  current generations do not have the cultural identity for an eu , nor will they ever . 
  if we want a federal eu in the future , we have to look to our children . 
   whose invading where exactly ? 
  like right now , what are of the ukraine is being invaded ? 
  lugansk , donetsk and crimea held a referendum to be autonomous regions under russia ? 
  has anyone gone outside these areas except to disrupt ukrainian armies from marching . 
  a referendum at gunpoint is not a legitimate plebiscite . 
  furthermore , there 's a lot more to going independent than voting for it . 
  even if we say that regions of nations can simply vote to secede , which is generally not held to be the case , a `` yes '' vote is just the start of the negotiations . 
  assets and liabilities have to be shared in a fair manner .
