  i spent the years 1996-98 swivelling around in my office chair , having lunch with bankers , and trying to fill my column . 
  this was tricky : 1996 was perhaps the slowest year in currencies since 1973 . 
  one particularly dead day , nick parsons at paribas told me : `` the only thing we 're not waiting for is godot . '' my stuff usually appeared on page 33 . 
  the boredom hardly lifted when improbable countries such as greece and italy entered the erm . 
  greece 's entry did n't even get me on to the front page . 
  the greeks joined partly just to solve a short-term problem : entering the erm helped fix the drachma 's rate against other european currencies , and thus stopped the market 's attack . 
  most traders scarcely noticed . 
  they were n't paid to think about little greece . 
  they saw it as merely an amusing subplot : the greeks had lucked into the euro and would now be fine . 
  `` greece 's economy is too small for any other country to care much about the price of the drachma '' , i wrote . 
  nobody then imagined ( or perhaps cared ) that greek entry into the euro would one day produce europe 's biggest headache . 
  few in the markets in 1998 asked : `` will the euro work ? '' they considered that an issue for the long run , when they would all be dead or , with luck , growing wine on their own estates in tuscany . 
  instead , traders asked questions like : `` will greek erm entry tomorrow move the deutschmark ? '' politicians barely noticed such technicalities at all . 
  they tended to see the euro as a political project : `` building europe '' . 
  we now know the euro did the opposite : it ended the construction of europe that had begun in messina in 1955 . 
  today the european project consists of trying to digest the euro . 
  the euro was a visionary project . 
  the key lesson for politicians : beware of vision . 
  the future will probably mess up your vision . 
  instead of taking giant irreversible leaps , be backward-looking and evidence-based : what boring complex policy worked somewhere before ? 
  given that europe in 1989 was coming off the best 40 years in its blood-soaked history , the bias should have been to leave well alone instead of inventing a currency . 
  `` vision '' is particularly dangerous at confusing emotional moments such as the fall of the berlin wall . 
  the west 's next great confusing emotional moment , the attacks of 9/11 , produced blunders including the iraq war , limitless spying and guant\u00e1namo . 
  quite likely the frantic weeks after lehman brothers ' collapse in 2008 spawned the next generation 's headaches . 
  much better when possible to wait out crises , as angela merkel tries to do . 
  today 's politicians take a lot of stick , but at least they do n't have any vision . 
  there is no such thing as treason against the eu . 
  the eu is not a state . 
  that should be the easiest spying job ever . 
  all they have to do is look at the agreements they made with the us and uk . 
  house prices reduce our purchasing power significantly . 
  i never really understand why people use ppp figures for international comparisons . 
  if you want to measure a population 's quality of life , hdi is superior . 
  if you want to compare nations ' economic clout on an international level , nominal gdp is superior . 
  i think you need to read the article a bit closer : this is about a new , separate bailout , not the extension of the old bailout . 
  the negotiations over the last few months have all been about unlocking the final amounts due under the bailout that had already been granted . 
  what tspiras is doing is saying `` forget the old bailout , let 's have a new bailout '' . 
  he 's perfectly able to do this under eu rules . 
  the request for a new bailout will be assessed on the basis of those rules , the same as if spain or italy asked for it . 
  [ anthem of europe ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2ila3h_u60 ), 
  the greek state does guarantee deposits , but the greek state has no money . 
  there 's no eu law obligating any other member state or any eu institution to guarantee deposits of an insolvent government . 
  no eu institution guarantees deposits directly . 
  rather , eu law mandates that individual national governments must guarantee deposits . 
  directive 94/19/ec , article 3 ( 1 ) : `` each member state shall ensure that within its territory one or more deposit-guarantee schemes are introduced and officially recognized . '', 
  the greek government guarantees the deposits in greek banks , but the greek government has no money itself . 
  deposits are not the property of the depositor . 
  when you deposit money in a bank , the legal framework is that you are loaning the money to the bank . 
  if a bank goes bankrupt , your status is that of a creditor of an insolvent business . 
  the ecb has no obligation to guarantee the deposits of greek banks . 
  a grace period seems increasingly unlikely . 
  the imf has lots of rules about these things , and greece already used some obscure rules to delay a payment that was due weeks ago . 
  the imf is under significant pressure to treat greece as it would any other country . 
  whether or not greece can find someone to loan them the money is up to the market , but it seems unlikely . 
  institutional investors wo n't loan greece anything , but a suitably crazy private investor might . 
  alternatively , greece might try to operate without banks for a week . 
  it does n't matter what the 3 rating agencies think , it matters what the ecb thinks . 
  if the imf says greece has defaulted , the ecb is likely to stop emergency liquidity assistance for greek banks , which is what will precipitate grexit . 
  markets have had 5 years to factor greek risk into the price of the euro . 
  the greek government seems to be under this insane delusion that if greek people vote that other countries have to give them free money , it 's undemocratic for those countries to refuse . 
  unfortunately we do n't have 7 days . 
  greece default is due on 30th june , at which time the ecb can not continue to prop up greek banks , at which time the greek banks fail , leading to the grexit moment . 
  the problem is that the referendum is on 5th july , but the payment is due on 30th of june , after which greece will be in default . 
  it 's just a stalling tactic . 
   in such a sci-fi kind of situation  do n't be ridiculous . 
  no one is going to emigrate because the price of milk goes up by 10p . 
  the uk has n't been close to being able to feed itself for over a century . 
  in the event of a famine , the result would be a increase in food prices . 
  britain is still relatively very rich . 
  the cost of importing food would increase , but we 'd still be able to do it . 
  it would be the third world countries that had real trouble . 
  of course , if the famine was on a level unseen in human history to the point where global food markets collapsed , then the uk would be in trouble ( along with the rest of the world ) . 
  in such a sci-fi kind of situation , one imagines that militaries would be mobilised and countries would start fighting over the food supplies remaining . 
  there was an interesting piece on the ft yesterday in which it was argued that , if the uk had joined the euro , british influence on the ecb ( which would have been considerable , both due to the size of the economy and the level of expertise at the boe ) would have resulted in a more successful strategy to the euro crisis . 
  boe both slashed interest rates earlier and embraced quantitative easing earlier than the ecb . 
  if the ecb had followed the boe lead , the euro crisis would not have been so bad . 
  the queen is considered apolitical in a `` party political '' way , but she 's not completely apolitical . 
  it 's expected that she will protect the uk constitution ( unwritten as it is ) , as well as promote the uk on an international level . 
  for example , she explicitly spoke out against the idea of northern ireland leaving the uk . 
  this will be equally true for other countries . 
  capital/large cities are generally much more expensive , it 's not just a uk thing . 
  but then you ca n't get a decent job . 
  is this sustainable ? 
  let 's just look at the facts . 
  only [ 6.8 % ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-18623096 ) of the uk 's land is classified as urban . 
  once you take into account green areas like parks , the amount of land actually `` built on '' is 2.27 % . 
  the idea of population growth changing britain 's landscape in any significant way ( into an `` urban jungle '' ) is not based in reality . 
  even with double our current population , britain would still be overwhelmingly rural in land use . 
  so if the uk 's population growth remains at [ 500,000 / year ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-33266792 ) , how crowded will britain get ? 
  it certainly sounds like a lot of people . 
  at that rate of population growth , it will take the uk 35 years to reach a population of 82,120,931 in 2050 , at which point the uk will have the same population density as present-day japan , at 337.1 / km ^ 2 . 
  that puts things into perspective . 
  people in japan enjoy a high quality of life , and the country is full of huge swathes of rural land and areas natural beauty in addition to large cities . 
  that level of population density is hardly the end of the world . 
  many would in fact consider it desirable . 
  more people , bigger economy , bigger businesses , bigger military , more global influence , more global trade , more cultural activity . 
  assuming the same area of land use per person , urban land use would increase from 6.8 % to 8.7 % with a population of 82,120,931 . 
  still not anything close to an urban jungle . 
  and with likely greater use of high-rise buildings , the land use per person would likely go down , so the percentage would probably be lower ( as it is in japan ) . 
  of course the distribution of those people in the uk will be uneven , most likely centred around london , birmingham and manchester .
