  unlikely . 
  the eu is rather unhappy with the switzerland deal and is trying to change it , so it 's exceedingly unlikely they 'd agree to replicate it . 
  quite a lot of vindictiveness in this thread . 
  ecb regulates the euro . 
  boe regulates the pound . 
  both of them follow eu rules on non-discrimination . 
  uk benefits are brought in line with the eu standard of `` survival benefits '' being available from the moment you arrive in the country but more substantial benefits only becoming available to you after a time . 
  not sure what is possibly objectionable about these provisions . 
  they seem both fair and relatively trivial . 
  consensus was reached because the content is basically hot air . 
  but then we already all knew that was where this was going to end up from the start . 
  the `` renegotiation '' was never going to change anyone 's mind because no genuine renegotiation was ever on the table . 
  now the campaigns will start for real ... 
  not really . 
  there 's a simple way to avoid it : draft ez rules so that they only apply to ez countries . 
  the rule would only ever apply in a situation where the ez tried to legislate rules for the non-ez . 
  there 's no euro veto , that 's just france being france . 
  the point is that this agreement now means that the ez can get on happily with its integration without ez rules covering the non-ez . 
  since the euro rules will no longer cover the non-euro countries , that means the non-euro countries have no reason to vote against ez integration . 
  it 's actually quite a small number . 
  at the current rate of population growth ( 0.6 % annually , including net migration ) , the uk 's population should be over 80 million by 2050 . 
  so this prediction of the uk passing 80 million in the 2060s is actually predicting a significant drop in the rate of uk population growth . 
  for something of an in depth analysis , see here : https://witenagemotblog.wordpress.com/2016/02/07/full-up/, 
  it 's actually unlikely to make much of a visible change . 
  london is n't being subsidised . 
  that was the point . 
  london does pay for its own infrastructure . 
  45 % of london 's gdp goes to the government as tax and that government only spends 35 % of london 's gdp in london . 
  that 's a net transfer out of london . 
  all government spending in london is covered by taxes paid by londoners and then some . 
   in any case , a lot of london 's `` revenue '' is by virtue of the fact that most big uk companies have their headquarters there so uk-wide revenues get funnelled via the city , which in turn inflates its worth . 
  a lot of london 's success is by virtue of the fact that london is successful . 
  you could say this about any place in the world . 
  `` it 's only successful because of the people and businesses that live and operate there '' . 
  well , yeah . 
  people and businesses pretty much make up the economy . 
  this is just false . 
  london pays significantly more in tax than is spent in london by the government . 
  it 's a major subsidiser of the rest of the country . 
  how much ? 
  10.3 % of london 's gdp goes to subsidising the rest of the uk . 
  it 's on the side of every bus in the uk . 
  18 % outside of urban areas , but still most of those people are not farmers . 
  i grew up in rural suffolk , never saw a gun except through army cadets . 
  i really do n't feel like `` farmers '' explains the figures at all . 
  we 're talking 4.2 million guns . 
  there 's nowhere near enough farmers for that . 
  even in the countryside , the vast majority of people are not farmers . 
  the agricultural sector only employs 476,000 people . 
  never realised there were so many guns in the uk . 
  if i had had to guess i would have put the figure at something like 0.5 . 
  the vast majority of people have never even seen a gun outside an airport . 
  who the hell owns all these millions of guns ? 
  if you pop over to the federalisation thread you will find a large number of people claiming that federalisation would mean the eu could complete with and negotiate with china as a peer . 
  and yet the steel crisis demonstrates that there is no political will in the eu to do anything about it . 
   you are lying . 
  show me your articles where it says that `` only 3 of the suspects were refugees '' . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/cologne-only-three-out-of-58-men-arrested-in-connection-with-mass-sex-attack-on-new-years-eve-are-a6874201.html http://metro.co.uk/2016/02/15/only-3-of-58-detained-suspects-of-cologne-sex-attacks-were-refugees-but-majority-were-from-north-africa-5682666/?ito=facebook http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2016/02/15/cologne-sex-attacks-refugees-prosecutor_n_9235358.html https://www.rt.com/news/332505-cologne-sex-attacks-refugees/, 
  was denmark part of the holy roman empire ? 
  was not aware . 
   to prove how sad this is , the netherlands , with its 61 combat aircraft , is about to overtake france and its 280 combat aircraft in total strikes against isis , and is closing in on the uk pretty fast . 
   uk and france should be ashamed , while the netherlands should be highly praised , but that 's not the case . 
  this happened in libya too . 
  basically , because the netherlands uses american planes with american munitions , they end up flying a lot more missions because rearming them is significantly cheaper . 
  the uk and france on the other hand buy home-made munitions in batches after which the factory producing those munitions is retooled . 
  that means uk and france have to conserve munitions because every time they buy more it involves reconfiguring an entire factory line . 
  understandably that 's absurdly expensive . 
  these kinds of logistical barriers to european military force projection are why european militaries are so paper thin : we buy the big ticket items that look good on paper like aircraft carriers but we do n't put in all the ancillary spending that actually enables you to use them to anywhere near their full capabilities . 
  germany 's historical rival is other parts of germany :p, 
  balance of power . 
  yes . 
  an fta that gives full access to the single market without accepting free movement , some kind of membership payment or the vast majority of eu law is not going to happen . 
  it 's not an invitation because there 's no evidence that merkel 's statement actually increased the number of migrants coming to europe . 
  graph of migrant numbers : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:first_time_asylum_applicants,_eu-28,_january_2014_%e2%80%93_september_2015.png merkel 's statement was in august . 
  there 's no change in the rate at which immigration is increasing at that time . 
   a free trade agreement gives access to trade with the single market but does not require free movement . 
  there 's no such thing as a `` standard '' free trade agreement . 
  all free trade agreements are individually negotiated . 
  further , they generally only apply to specific industries/products and often do not amount to complete free trade but rather simply negotiate * lower * tariffs . 
  that is not what the uk will want . 
  the uk is going to want to be able to continue its current level of access to the single market i.e. 
  full access on a level equivalent to a member of the eu . 
  norway 's agreement is the only example of that kind of access and they indeed had to accept free movement as part of the deal . 
  switzerland 's deal is less comprehensive but they still had to accept free movement and still have to pay into the eea . 
  but even that limited deal is n't going to be available to us : the eu has rejected all of switzerland 's attempts to renegotiate , saying it 's eea or nothing . 
  as usual , absolutely zero mention of what happens * after * a `` no '' vote . 
  because of course the likely scenario is we end up having to continue paying some kind of contribution and continue to be bound by eu law only on worse terms than we currently have and without a vote . 
  and of course part of that will be accepting free movement of workers . 
  those are the conditions the eu will demand of the uk if the uk wants a free trade treaty with the eu to gain access to the single market . 
  as usual , completely disingenuous conflation of illegal and legal immigration . 
  illegal immigration , being outside the legal system , will not be altered by an exit from the eu , which would alter legal rights ( assuming we do n't just sign right back up for free movement , which we probably would have to do to get access to the single market ) . 
  well , i mean , trade was also the explicit stated purpose of the eu and all the eu 's constitution and legal powers were oriented around trade . 
  of course in the wider political context many influential parties considered the economic a means to a political end . 
  because steel and coal were strategic resources without which you could not build the weapons of war . 
  it 's not absurd . 
  england invested heavily in the navy first not as a way to create an empire but rather as a defence . 
  in the 1400s and 1500s england was significantly poorer than france , castile and other continental powers and also had a much lower population . 
  a navy preventing any crossing of the english channel was the only way to prevent invasion , because the english army would not be able to fight off a serious continental invasion once it had landed . 
  so england built a large navy and it was rather successful in that aim ( see : the spanish armada ) . 
  naval strength was a prerequisite of building an empire and it was arrived at largely because england was located on an island .
