  they are treating federal spending in a state as a deficit , because many states get more from the federal government than the state pays in . 
  i think it 's the correct definition for the purpose of a comparison with the eurozone . 
  it 's spending that , if the state was an independent nation like a eurozone state , it would have to borrow to finance , because it would n't have money from federal taxes . 
   i think you misunderstand our bond system . 
  it 's right there in the article : `` ever since , federal debt has been backed by the full faith and credit of the entire united states ( state debts are a different matter ) . '', 
  yes indeed . 
  this is something that the eurozone lacks -- there are no federal eurozone debt instruments , and the lack of them limits the ability of the eurozone to function as a monetary union , as it magnifies asymmetric shocks . 
  that was rather my point . 
  crytash pointed out that the usa 's single currency works ; i pointed out that the us is a fiscal union , and that it might be that only fiscal unions can have a single currency that works . 
  they also have interstate fiscal transfers and bonds backed by the full faith and credit of the entire union . 
   virginia , in effect , ran a deficit of $ 97 billion . 
  indeed over the 20 years from 1990 to 2009 , according to calculations by the economist , it ran a cumulative deficit of over $ 590 billion . 
   that amounts to about 145 % of virginia 's 2009 economic output , similar to the debt-to-gdp ratio of greece . 
  if america were like the euro area , virginia would have to bear the burden itself . 
  but as part of a fiscal union , it can rely on others to help . 
   virginia is not however the most `` indebted '' of america 's states , according to these calculations ( see chart ) . 
  that honour falls to new mexico , which has a 20-year deficit worth over 260 % of its gdp . 
  puerto rico , which is a territory , rather than a full state , has an even bigger debt ratio . 
  http://www.economist.com/node/21524887 essentially , rich us states are constantly bailing out weak us states . 
  i think germany is responsible in two ways : 1 . 
  in a passive way . 
  the strength of the german economy kept the value of the euro artificially high , when the countries in crisis needed a rebalancing of its value . 
  in an active way , by blocking qe for so long , and also resisting allowing a larger role for the ecb back in 2010 . 
  greece 's real problem is that their borrowing costs skyrocketed , and the eurozone did nothing about it for weeks , during which the markets panicked and greece 's borrowing costs continued rising -- a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  if the eurozone had acted decisively to lower greece 's borrowing costs right at the start , there would not have been a crisis of this magnitude . 
  they could have done this via announcing qe , like the us was doing , or even by a statement that the ecb would do what it took to make sure greece 's creditors were paid . 
  germany opposed both , though the latter did finally come ... after it was too late . 
  you can see why though . 
  when you think about it , what is the purpose of invading a country ? 
  generally , to gain control over that nation 's government i.e. 
  you get to set that nation 's domestic policy , usually towards your own interests . 
  and that 's exactly what 's happening via the bailout . 
  the eurozone , and most particularly germany , is using greece 's crisis to dictate greek domestic policy . 
  and it 's not like the policy that they 're dictating is uncontroversial . 
  the merit of austerity as an economic policy is highly debated by economists in academia , with a very large number of very prominent economists saying austerity does n't work , including nobel prize winners like daniel kaufmann . 
  austerity has worked so far for germany ( albeit with very slow growth ) , but it led to a double-dip recession in the uk . 
  meanwhile , in the us they 're experiencing over 3 % growth and they followed a keynesian stimulus policy rather than austerity . 
  so you can see why germany making other european countries use austerity or go bust leads to comparisons with previous regimes which desired to dictate the policies of european nations . 
  now , of course there 's much to say in germany 's defence . 
  can you expect germany and other eurozone nations to provide loans to greece without any conditions ? 
  the lender 's terms should surely rule . 
  and this is true , but there 's a strong argument for it being germany 's fault that greece ( and spain , and italy , etc ) have had so many problems . 
  remember that prior to the crisis , spain had a much lower debt level than germany did . 
  but the crisis hit spain hard because the economic policies they needed -- devaluation of the euro , qe to lower government debt yields and increase liquidity , investment to stimulate the economy -- were prevented by german influence in europe . 
  greece is in much the same position , only worse . 
  if greece were an independent nation which had never entered the euro , they would not have this problem because they would have been able to adopt monetary policy to solve their crisis , but germany has prevented that from happening . 
  qe is coming far too late , and it 's largely denied to greece . 
  germany has a responsibility to help greece , because german influence has led to greece 's downfall . 
  as i understand it , roughly : `` how europe sees germany : the german dominance '', 
  the best satire leaves you wondering if it 's satire or not . 
  this is just overdone : the bad spelling , the ms paint look , etc. 
  americans never get satire :p, 
  probably a feature of international trade rather than actual energy use , similar to how the netherlands is a mass exporter of bananas even though they do n't grow any , because the bananas pass through their ports . 
  russia knows that the missile shield being for iran , etc is genuine . 
  they 've got more than enough nukes to completely overwhelm the missile shield , it would n't do much at all to stop a russian offence . 
  advanced economy generally refers to g7 . 
  the muslim population of germany is 6 % . 
  the chance of germany becoming `` germanistan '' is zero . 
  you 're being downvoted because your fears are not based in fact . 
  if they 're not based in fact they must be based in prejudice . 
  dammit germany , stop stealing our migrants . 
  do n't go to germany , come to britain !, 
  we have curry !, 
  and satire !, 
  and , um ... what else do we have ? 
  oh yeah i remember : two world wars and one world cup . 
   and i 'm pretty sure as far as the british population is concerned , these guys are no longer british citizens . 
  i think this is a very irresponsible position for us to take , internationally . 
  they 're our citizens ; our responsibility . 
  we ca n't wash ourselves of that responsibility just because we do n't like what they 're doing . 
  if a british national commits a crime abroad and their host nation refuses to prosecute them , it 's up to britain to bring them to justice , should they return to within the reach of our legal system . 
  we ca n't just ship all of our criminals abroad and pretend they 're not our problem ( sup , australia ! ) . 
  i say let them come back -- then arrest them , prosecute them , and lock them up forever . 
  i was talking about abortion , for which ireland has an exclusion written in to treaty . 
  what about ireland ? 
  well , if the figure includes the 13.1 million british nationals living abroad , that might explain it . 
   reasons for not needing to learn another language to be fair , i did say * other than its practical utility * . 
  you can totally blame the english . 
  there are plenty of good reasons to learn another language other than its practical utility . 
  nato does n't have a court system whereas the eu does . 
  if there was a treaty provision committing all member states to a spending target , the european court of justice could enforce it , yes . 
  because they 're making more . 
  spending targets would mean we 'd still be spending the same on defence as we do now , so the jobs would stay . 
  it 's just that we 'd get a lot more for what we pay . 
  i do n't think it 's necessary to have a `` european army '' in terms of a single organisation with a single command structure . 
  but i do think it would be a good thing to : a ) have defence spending targets ( make them the same as nato 's 2 % of gdp ) . 
  b ) have a common foreign policy on european issues e.g. 
  c ) unify procurement . 
  c is the big one . 
  right now , eu member states spend a lot of money on r&d , developing new ships , aircraft , small arms , etc. 
  each member state largely develops its own hardware ( with the exception of the eurofighter ) , so there 's * a lot * of redundant r&d spending . 
  tens of billions could be saved if we all invested into a single r&d program them all bought the same model . 
  not only would it massively cut r&d costs , it would also dramatically increase economies of scale , because instead of developing a new type of ship just to order 6 of them ( see the uk 's type 45 destroyer ) , all of europe would be ordering the same ship , thus lowering unit cost . 
  you joke , but ... http://www.chesterchronicle.co.uk/news/chester-cheshire-news/open-air-urinals-chester-city-5111689, 
  usa was never a part of the british empire , it went independent before it . 
  strongest and most diverse economy , free public healthcare , strongest military , most prestigious universities , greatest natural resources ... 
  canada is the most successful former colony . 
  since tim berners-lee is not a billionaire , no . 
  but how will you prevent oil reserves in the middle east being nationalised if you withdraw from the world stage ? 
  he means that the uk has an opt-out from eu common foreign policy including non-eu migration .
