  like people booing russia at eurovision . 
  just in bad taste . 
  there is no eu law under which the uk can be forced to accept non-eu migrants unless they have residence in another eu country already . 
  so the uk can not be forced without passing a new law to force them . 
  that law , if it managed to pass , would inevitably be challenged in the ecj by the uk as unconstitutional . 
  even if the uk loses the case , it would still delay any action on the matter for a long time . 
   formally institutionalised corporatism - intriguing . 
  i 've never heard of anything like that . 
  that 's quite unique . 
  it 's obviously smaller in scale than a whole country , but it ` show the city of london is run too . 
  also for fields . 
  it 's more agriculture than industry . 
  70 % of uk land is agricultural land , whereas just 6.8 % is urban . 
   the iranians were attempting to nationalize their oil industry . 
  we should have helped them do that , and then sold them expertise and equipment at a markup . 
  good for our corporations , good for our oil supply , bad for britain . 
  this makes no sense . 
  there 's no room for foreign corporations in a nationalised industry . 
  the us would have been locked out of the iranian oil industry as much as the british . 
  making military actions opt-in rather destroys the entire point of an eu military in the first place , which is to allow europe to throw its weight around on the global stage . 
  it ca n't do that if it does n't have the automatic backing of all member states ' militaries . 
  and what do france and the uk do in a federal europe when the rest of europe votes for nuclear disarmament and reduction in defence spending ? 
  the idea that a federal europe would lead to a stronger european military completely ignores the pacifism of almost all european nations . 
  that 's what you get for selling to dodgy countries like russia . 
  france should follow the uk 's example of only selling weapons to respectable , upstanding nations like saudi arabia . 
  / r/technology -  / r/futurology is another example of successful exodus . 
  how exactly do they put the growth numbers in perspective ? 
  what does trade balance have to do with economic growth ? 
  the uk has imported more than it has exported for a long time without it causing any economic problems . 
  so long as the pound remains strong and demand for it remains high , this will not be a problem ( the main economic problem caused by balance of trade deficit is a currency crisis caused by excess supply of domestic currency and excess demand for foreign currency , due to the need to buy imports ) . 
  this can be seen by the surplus the uk has on its capital account . 
  a country 's balance of payments is by definition balanced . 
  the idea that economies are benefited by exporting more than they import so as to hoard reserves of currency is called mercantilism and is considered a defunct economic theory . 
  the global economic growth derived from free trade with each nation following its comparative advantage put mercantilism to rest over a century ago . 
  because if you do n't grow , you wo n't have the highest living standards in the world for long . 
  i confess that when the immigration megathreads first came around , i thought they were a good idea . 
  i think it 's right that we should discuss immigration , but i think one discussion of the topic a day is sufficient . 
  in the weeks preceding the megathread , we 'd have 4 or 5 immigration stories on the front page at any given time , each one with its own separate discussion of immigration , each one bringing up exactly the same points . 
  it was redundant and drowning out other topics of discussion . 
  but the way the megathreads have been executed has been poor . 
  each individual megathread lasts far too long , which is not good for discussion ( if you sort by top , new comments do n't come up , if you sort by new , there 's no way to filter by quality ) . 
  on top of that , the big news stories that really do deserve their own thread are getting mixed in with and lost among the trivial `` immigration story of the day # 14 '' stories . 
  perhaps what the mods should do is allow one user-submitted immigration thread a day , where discussion can take place , with the caveat that if a major news story comes along that is immigration related , that will also get its own thread . 
  the most successful socialist country is probably cuba . 
  while they have an excellent healthcare system , i 'm not sure if that makes up for how much they lack in other areas of their economy . 
  living standards are generally pretty low . 
  some country names are proper nouns ( indicating a particular thing ) , like france , germany etc. 
  others are common nouns ( indicating a type of thing ) , like the united states , the united kingdom , etc. 
  `` ukraine '' means `` borderland '' so , as a common noun it should have an article in front of it : the ukraine . 
  however , the ukrainian constitution and government maintain that the name of the country is ukraine , not the ukraine . 
  of course , their constitution is n't in english , so it 's not clear on who gets the final say on what the correct english translation is : the country in question or the native speakers of english . 
  anyway , in some quarters calling it `` the ukraine '' is seen as archaic/imperialistic because it 's imposing the rules of english grammar over the wishes of the country as to what it should be called . 
  osborne looks more likely . 
  that article does not say what you think it says . 
  corbyn still supports the old clause iv , all he 's saying is that he would n't force labour to bring it back unilaterally , without a debate first , and that he would be open to new wording . 
  but he still fully agrees with the principles behind the old clause iv i.e. 
  socialism . 
  he supports the public/common ownership of the means of production . 
  that 's the definition of socialism . 
  norway is n't socialist . 
  not even close . 
  in many ways norway is further to the right of the uk - they have a private health insurance system , for example ( with state provision for those who can not afford it ) . 
  i 'm not sure if he does . 
  he still wants some form of the old clause iv , he just denies wanting to return to the exact wording of the old clause . 
  every country in the world that has ever tried socialism has experienced stagnation in living standards , low economic growth , loss of wealth , and waning global influence . 
  but the membership of the labour party are n't `` the people '' . 
  the ecj ( and eu more generally ) does not have general powers to rule on any matter of law they like . 
  the eu is not ( yet ) a state , it only has legal competency in specific areas given to it by treaty . 
  it has no legal power outside of those competencies given to it by said treaties . 
  those competencies are wide ranging , but one power which is not given to the eu is the competency to resolve territorial disputes or redraw the borders of member states . 
  the eu does have competency to make law on environmental protection , common security and freedom of movement , which means the court can rule that spanish authorities can enter the area for environmental protection purposes . 
  but what the court ca n't do is say the territory is spanish ( or , indeed , british ) . 
  i doubt that . 
  you might get looks , but no one would approach you about it , and certainly no one is going to assault you . 
  nationalisation , disarmament , redistribution of wealth , public ownership of the means of production . 
  basically full-on traditional socialism . 
  have you been to / r/unitedkingdom recently ? 
  huge corbynfest over there . 
  one of the biggest reddit circle jerks i 've seen in a long time . 
  we 'll find out labour leader in a month , not ability to become pm . 
   yanks , poland , baltics , romania and finland ( not a current nato country but at least we are moderately prepared ) . 
  maybe bulgaria ? 
  so just america then . 
  probably because no authority has been given to the ecj to gift one member state 's territory to another . 
  the reduction in teen pregnancies as a result of good sex education ( which is a well established statistical trend ) is generally attributed to education about the use and importance of contraception . 
  yeah , this seems far too late . 
  i remember we had our first sex ed classes in primary school . 
  it focused more on puberty than sex , but there was basic sex info in there too . 
  it 's up there with 1966 . 
  i think this is common to all the countries though . 
  i do n't think people drink wine in clubs even in france . 
  they just have a lot of dinners :d, 
  seems to be a hispanic thing in general , because they do the same thing in chile , though they call it jote . 
  spain is very surprising . 
  i guess they must export it all . 
  quoting / u/bowgentle above :  i guess that would depend on what you see as the debt crisis . 
  if it 's the simple existence of a large outstanding public debt , then it continues , and all three statements are accurate , but actually the existence of that large debt is not really a crisis , since the repayments are n't particularly burdensome . 
   if you see the debt crisis as consisting primarily of the greek government 's inability to balance its books , then the statement is more arguable , since an improvement in the government 's fiscal position is something that should n't really be followed by `` debt crisis continues '' , a phrase which suggests that no improvement has occurred . 
  the point i was making was that the government 's deficit has gone down . 
  if both your income and outgoings decrease , but your outgoings decrease more , then the net change for the balance is positive .
