  norway happens to be a member of both . 
  but even if it were n't part of schengen , it would still have to accept free movement . 
  i mean , the norway deal would n't be a complete disaster from an economic standpoint ... but it would mean accepting freedom of movement , eu budget contributions and eu regulations ... which are the main arguments used for leaving the eu . 
  so we keep everything the `` leave '' supporters wanted to ditch , and we lose our eu vote along with it . 
  there 's basically no benefits to the norway deal . 
  we already have opt-outs for the things norway wanted to avoid like the euro . 
  not exactly . 
  during the industrial revolution the whole of the uk jumped ahead of the rest of europe , not just london . 
  but of course europe ( especially germany ) quickly caught back up again , and in fact benefited from leapfrogging the uk . 
  they start with a great military leader but get quickly conquered by the ottomans . 
  or even better , forgive huge amounts of debt in exchange for greece keeping the migrants . 
  i never cease to be amazed by how little we 've learnt from iraq . 
  when you topple a dictator in an illiberal country in an unstable region , good things do not result . 
  the most likely result of the west withdrawing its support from the house of saud would be an isis backed coup and an even more extreme saudi state . 
   eu should call embargo and sanctions on saudi arabia until they decide to give people free democratic elections and stop supporting terrorists around the globe - unfortunately , the likely result of free saudi arabian elections would be a more extreme government than this one which would support terrorism even more . 
  the unfortunate geopolitical reality is that the current regime in saudi arabia , for all that they work against europe 's interests , is still better than the alternative . 
  saudi arabia is a weird case : in almost all totalitarian regimes , you have a government that is significantly more extreme than its populace and which oppresses any expression of liberalism . 
  iran would be an example of that type of regime . 
  but in saudi arabia you have the opposite : the government , even though it is medieval by european standards , is still more liberal than the population . 
  their most oppressive policies exist as concessions to their population , not against it . 
  if we stopped supporting the house of saud , it would merely be replaced by an even more oppressive regime that did even more to support terrorism . 
  very likely a regime connected with isis . 
  these are the kinds of considerations that serious geopolitical actors have to take into account . 
  idealism is all well and good for protesters , when when you actually hold power you have to think of the big picture . 
  the fact that the eu parliament passed this vote really undermines the idea that they are ready to wield any kind of significant power . 
  saddam hussein was a brutal dictator who deserved to be toppled too . 
  is there really anyone left who is willing to argue that his removal from power has actually been good for the region ? 
  the unfortunate geopolitical reality is that the current regime in saudi arabia , for all that they work against europe 's interests , is still better than the alternative . 
  saudi arabia is a weird case : in almost all totalitarian regimes , you have a government that is significantly more extreme than its populace and which oppresses any expression of liberalism . 
  iran would be an example of that type of regime . 
  but in saudi arabia you have the opposite : the government , even though it is hugely right wing by european standards , is still more liberal than the population . 
  their most oppressive policies exist as concessions to their population , not against it . 
  if we stopped supporting the house of saud , it would merely be replaced by an even more oppressive regime that did even more to support terrorism . 
  very likely a regime connected with isis . 
  these are the kinds of considerations that serious geopolitical actors have to take into account . 
  idealism is all well and good for protesters , when when you actually hold power you have to think of the big picture . 
  the fact that the eu parliament passed this vote really undermines the idea that they are ready to wield any kind of significant power . 
  man , i went to an indonesian place in amsterdam and had the chicken satay ... 
  i still have dreams of that dish . 
  the problem with a two-speed eu is its inevitable conclusion : a hollowing out of the eu as the ez steadily becomes where european affairs are decided . 
  the end result is that the uk will end up `` out '' either way . 
  in some ways i hope the `` leave '' vote wins in the uk , just to see the idea that the uk is holding the eu back be completely debunked . 
  there 's more than enough disagreement and distrust between eu member states to hinder integration without the uk . 
  sweden 's population density is 21.5 / km ^ 2 . 
  uk population density is 255.6 / km ^ 2 . 
  housing crises have very little to do with population density and everything to do with levels of house building . 
  i would n't say they 're biased in the traditional sense of a position on the left-right political spectrum . 
  they certainly have a mission however , which is to be what i described above : a pan-european news service that reports on the eu as if it were a federal government . 
  you can see this bias come through in several ways , most particularly in how they `` sex up '' the eu . 
  for example they always use terms like `` powerful '' and `` influential '' when referring to eu officials and generally exaggerate the powers of eu officials compared to the influence of national governments . 
   zumwalts though it was originally planned as a functional class , they got too expensive and now they 're basically being used as a platform for experimental technologies rather than a deployable force . 
  they 're only building three of them . 
   does this suggest that the uk is threatening brexit simply because it is the most powerful eurosceptic member ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i think it has uniquely domestic causes : - that the largest political party has a eurosceptic wing , whereas in continental europe the eurosceptics tend to be found only in minority parties . 
  - that uk prime ministers developed a habit of promising an eu referendum to score easy political points against their rivals . 
  no institutional reform is enough to solve the eu 's democratic deficit , because the primary problem is n't with the institutional set-up . 
  rather it 's in the lack of a pan-european political culture with which the people of europe feel engaged . 
  you can make a democracy in principle by changing the institutional set-up , but to have a democracy in practice you need an involved population who know about the issues and feel they have a say . 
  this requires a few things : - pan-european media that focuses on europe as a whole rather than the nations of europe , and which reports on the eu in the same way national media reports about national governments . 
  ( politico.eu is a step in this direction , but there needs to be more , both in quantity and variety ) . 
  - the establishment of proper pan-european political parties in the legislature with a strong party leadership , whipped vote , and distinct positions on policy and ideology . 
  - political competition to run the executive branch , where candidates from different parties run on distinct political platforms with different legislative agendas . 
  - the existence of an opposition party/coalition that is a genuine counterbalance to the party in control of the executive . 
  - significant media coverage of all of the above . 
  without these things you ca n't really have a thriving democracy , no matter how much you fiddle with the rules . 
  for example , under the eu 's current constitution it 's perfectly possible for there to be a political competition for the position of commission president : the eu parliament has a veto , so they could use that veto to effectively choose the president by refusing to approve anyone except the leader of the largest party in the eu parliament . 
  in this way you 'd have a parliamentary democracy with the leader of the executive , and thus the eu 's legislative agenda and direction , essentially picked by the people via their votes for meps . 
  but this is n't what happens . 
  there 's no real political competition at the upper levels of the eu - it 's all consensus driven and pre-negotiated . 
  that means there 's no variety of political directions presented to the people who then get to vote on where they want the eu to go . 
  the people vote , but the eu ends up going in the same direction regardless . 
  it 's a rubber stamp , not a genuine choice . 
  the media ignore the whole affair because it 's a foregone conclusion and there 's no significant campaigning or disagreement to report on . 
  well , in general you 're right . 
  a lot of the migrants coming to europe are economic migrants not refugees e.g. 
  those from tunisia and morocco . 
  libya , however , is in a state of complete anarchy . 
  nato stopped giving a fuck but the civil war never really ended ... there 's no effective government or law and order . 
  if libyans do n't count as refugees , then no one does . 
  i 'm against brexit , but this was the most succinct and persuasive statement of the brexit case i 've seen . 
  mostly i 'm against brexit because i do n't think `` a relationship based on trade and mutual cooperation '' is possible to the extent that we want if we 're outside the eu . 
  we could probably get an fta eliminating tariffs but there are far more barriers to trade than just tariffs . 
  you do n't add the butter for flavour , you add it for moisture . 
  unless you 've got a freshly baked croissant , it 'll be dry without it . 
  eu treaties need to be renegotiated to include a statement that croissants should be eaten with butter . 
  except uk unemployment is extremely low . 
  there 's no evidence at all that unskilled workers are losing jobs - to immigrants or anyone else . 
  and when unemployment * did * rise , it was a result of a financial crisis and the following recession that had absolutely nothing to do with immigration . 
  member states should not have to change their national laws because eu laws have been incompetently drafted . 
  the eu-wide law is supposed to be non-discriminatory between member states but leads to unequal outcomes , i.e. 
  it is discriminatory . 
  the ez already does have such a handbrake , in that the boe has absolutely no powers to make rules that apply to ez countries . 
  depends what you 're talking about . 
  socially it 's a different thing . 
  but in terms of infrastructure , not so much . 
  an immigrant takes up as much room on a train as a native does . 
  if the uk does remain in the eu , i fully expect to see a news story in a few years saying the uk government is n't even using the power , because it turns out the cost of the administration would be greater than the money saved xd, 
  honestly i think this is going to come down more to pr than any kind of substance over the pros vs. cons . 
  and right now the `` leave '' campaign has a message that resonates much more emotively than the sensible economic logic of the `` remain '' camp .
