  they tried a us-style stimulus funded by debt , and their interest rates shot through the roof . 
  by 2010 their government debt burden was becoming unsustainable , hit by both massively increasing interest rates and slashes to tax revenues due to unemployment . 
  he 's referring to the oft-quoted and completely misunderstood imf report that stated that greece would still be heavily indebted in 2030 . 
  what people fail to understand about that report is that 15 years is very short in terms of government debt , and that it takes decades to significantly reduce a government 's debt-to-gdp ratio . 
  democratic oversight . 
  i think the campaign against the encryption ban would be significantly more successful if it warned of specific problems rather than vague , hyperbolic `` destroy the internet '' prophecies of doom . 
  yes , creditors take the risk of default when they lend . 
  no one is saying greece ca n't default . 
  however , just as a creditor takes the risk of default , the borrower takes the consequences of default , i.e. 
  no one is willing to lend them more money . 
  greece is completely free to default on their debts and live with the consequences . 
  to be fair , post-wwii germany was essentially an occupied country . 
  if greece were to submit to a similar level of control ( including but not limited to the eurogroup rewriting greece 's constitution ) , i 'm sure debt forgiveness would be on the table . 
  the part where it 's never going to happen . 
  ez member states are not yet prepared to give up that level of sovereignty . 
  the people of europe would vote it down in any referendum on treaty change ( referenda that some eu countries are legally obliged to seek ) . 
  incorrect title ; it 's not the richest person in each country , it 's the richest person of each nationality . 
  there are a good number of people who reside in the uk who are richer than the duke of westminster . 
  it 's up to italy who to give passports to . 
  once they have an eu passport , they have the right to move within the eu like a polish citizen . 
  it 's up to italy who to give passports to . 
  once they have an eu passport , they have the right to move within the eu like a polish citizen . 
  for the same reason that the uk accepts hundreds of thousands of polish migrants . 
  something seems wrong with the french land area figure . . france is bigger than england , yes , but not six times as large . 
  edit : when you exclude overseas territories , france 's area is 551,695 km ^ 2 . 
  it 's not that the jobs are low quality , it 's that british workforce and infrastructure is . 
  saying it originated in the financial sector is a far cry from saying that the size of that sector was the cause . 
  i do n't know of any serious economist who proposes that the size of the us financial sector was a cause of the great depression . 
  the same is true for the great recession . 
  both were losses in confidence and thus investment and spending following a burst bubble . 
  liquidity crises also played a significant role , which reduced credit and thus further hurt investment and spending . 
  huge bubbles can develop in financial sectors of any size . 
  17th century holland , which had a tiny , unsophisticated financial sector by modern standards , experienced one of the biggest financial bubbles in history known as tulip mania . 
  it 's useful to remember that the uk remains a highly diversified economy . 
  yes , the financial sector is a significant percentage of the economy , but it 's still just one part among thousands . 
  the uk makes aircraft and aircraft parts , engines , turbines , cars , medical technology , pharmaceuticals , scientific equipment , chemicals , yachts , alcoholic drinks , computer parts . 
  on top of that it is a world leader in legal services and accountancy , as well as related business services . 
  the world 's largest publisher is based in the uk . 
  and of course there 's north sea oil . 
  there 's a hell of a lot more going on than just banking . 
  as history shows , an overblown monetary economy leads to disaster sooner or later and can completely tank the real economy from a sample size of 1 ? 
  the great depression had nothing to do with the size of the real economy vs. service economy . 
  neither did the great recession , for that matter . 
  `` real '' vs `` monetary '' economy is nothing more than a fetish with physical objects . 
  there 's nothing inflationary about the service sector , it has just as much genuine value as any other sector of the economy . 
  a large tertiary sector is associated with strong economies . 
  without insurance there would be no shipping industry , and therefore no global trade . 
  without banking there would be no credit , and therefore no large businesses . 
  without lawyers there would be no way to resolve disputes which cost potentially billions , nor legal structures which prevent disputes from arising in the first place . 
  without accountants and audit the world would be full of enrons . 
  when it comes down to it , these services -- insurance , credit , legal structures for businesses , audit , etc -- are all social technologies for spreading and minimising risk . 
  risk is fatal to commerce if it is too high or concentrated ; these social technologies are extremely valuable . 
  they require strong social institutions and highly educated workers . 
  they also often require accumulations of capital ( in the case of credit and insurance ) . 
  intangible products are just as valuable as tangible ones . 
   the general government deficit increase is huge the last 5 years , interesting . 
  uk deficit has n't risen in the last 5 years . 
  debt , however , has . 
  now add singapore to the chart . 
  current uk economic growth is largely the result of falling unemployment and a growing working population . 
  it 's possible because unemployment was so high to begin with . 
  while falling unemployment is of course great , there 's a limit to how low it can fall . 
  the uk 's productivity growth is stagnant . 
  unless we can kick start growth in productivity , the uk economy is going to grow only as fast as our population . 
  the tories can be attributed with some responsibility for lowering unemployment , i suppose , though i suspect much of it is simply a matter of the economic cycle . 
  however , they 've done nothing to help productivity , and that 's where genuine economic growth ( i.e. 
  the type of growth that makes people richer ) comes from . 
  you just have to compare uk gdp per capita to germany and the us to see this problem . 
  at the present time , the only way to leave the ez is to leave the eu . 
  they should be treated the same as any other country outside the eu . 
  ` today the european project consists of trying to digest the euro ' one gloomy february evening in 1998 i was writing the ft 's currency market report . 
  nothing had happened that day , and i was 150 words short . 
  in desperation , i leafed through the pile of bank faxes buried under the fax machine . 
  i found one from goldman sachs that quoted their economist jim o\u2019neill savaging the humble greek drachma . 
  o\u2019neill was the god of the currency market so i stuck his pronouncements at the end of my column and went home . 
  the lowest-paid journalist in the building did n't stay late . 
  like most people in the market , i then forgot the drachma again . 
  but , some days later , i noticed that it was under sustained attack . 
  the greek central bank blamed my article . 
  the attacks continued . 
  one friday that march , greece suddenly decided to join the european exchange rate mechanism -- the entry gate to the euro . 
  traders were astonished . 
  true , recent greek official economic stats had shown mysterious improvements but greece still met none of the criteria for joining the currency . 
  regardless , in 2001 greece joined . 
  i sometimes imagine the headline over my obituary : `` helped get greece into euro . '' having witnessed the genesis of this mess , i have a sense of how europe might avoid similar mistakes in future . 
  policy makers had been pondering a european currency for decades . 
  but the project only took off in 1989 , in the confusing emotional weeks after the berlin wall fell . 
  germans wanted reunification . 
  the french president fran\u00e7ois mitterrand said he 'd agree if they backed his pet project : the euro . 
  in late 1989 , writes david marsh in the euro , mitterrand and west germany 's chancellor helmut kohl did `` the essential deal that launched europe on to the maastricht monetary union path '' . 
  the two leaders were n't driven by economic motives . 
  karl otto p\u00f6hl , bundesbank president in 1989 , once told the ft that kohl understood nothing of economics . 
  rather , mitterrand and kohl cared about history . 
  kohl wanted to be the chancellor of german unity ; mitterrand , to forge a french-led europe . 
  they saw economists as people standing in the way of history , bleating jargon . 
  when i became ft currency columnist in 1996 , mitterrand was already dead . 
  lesser fathers of the euro had moved on too : even bureaucrats rarely last more than five years at the top . 
  a new set of wonks was implementing the grand design . 
  but most people sleepwalked into this project . 
  even the currency markets were bored by european monetary union .
