  choosing grexit is choosing austerity . 
  if greece defaults , it will not be able to borrow from anyone . 
  if the government can not borrow , it can only spend that which it raises in tax revenue . 
  the greek government will have no other choice than to run a balanced budget , because there wo n't be anyone to finance a government deficit . 
  the troika is the one calling on greece to address its financial problems by implementing structural reforms . 
  the greek government is refusing to implement reforms : pension reform , vat reform , real efforts to collect the tax owed to the government , an attempt to break the power of the oligarchs and the system of clientelism that dominate the greek economy . 
   are they really that pretentious ? 
  they 're french . 
  ireland was incorporated into the united kingdom via a personal union of crowns , much as scotland was . 
  it was part of the uk , not the british empire . 
  it had its own peerage and seats in parliament . 
  and i would disagree with the latter . 
  if we believed that non-european lives were as valuable as european ones , the eu could not exist , since it gives preferential treatment to europe over non-europe . 
  since the eu does exist , and since it does give preference to europe , our actions clearly indicate that we consider europeans more valuable than non-europeans . 
  time for our daily dose of ttip propaganda , i suppose . 
  i 'll say the same thing i always say in these duplicate threads : - the deal is not finalised , nor is the text yet available . 
  you ca n't have a rational opinion on ttip until you know what ttip includes . 
  all the people currently in rabid opposition reveal their bias . 
  - all material based on leaked negotiations indicate that the text of the treaty will contain sensible limits , such as an exception in the area of health care that means governments are able to provide public healthcare not subject to investor-state dispute settlement . 
  not in europe , no . 
  your assumption that harmonisation of eu taxes means that the uk taxes have to rise , rather than german taxes fall , is exactly why the uk voted against this . 
  given that what happens in the ez impacts all eu members , and given that ez treaty change could be used to disadvantage non-ez members in order to enrich ez members ( contrary to the single market principle ) , it 's perfectly right that non-ez nations should vote on ez treaty changes which affect their interests . 
  you think the uk voting to remain in the eu ( by far and away the most likely result ) will suddenly flip the uk into an integrationist state ? 
  there are multiple different visions for the eu . 
  keeping it a primarily economic union , and campaigning heavily for that , is just as legitimate a vision as wanting a united states of europe . 
  it 's supremely arrogant to call any reform other than the specific reform you want `` destructive '' . 
  there are multiple viable different visions for what the eu should be , and having a different vision for the eu does not make a member state destructive . 
  similarly , being unconditionally integrationist does not make one constructive by default . 
  whether one is constructive depends on whether one is loudly and consistently calling for reform . 
  i think you underestimate the problem with the postal system . 
  chile does n't even use postal/zip codes . 
  the point about the privatisation of mail does n't quite work for two reasons : firstly , it 's still regulated such that the royal mail has to provide universal coverage ( profit maximisation would lead to restricting coverage to urban areas ) , secondly , it ignores that the system was created in the first place under government control . 
  trash collection is normally done by ( local ) government , funded by taxation . 
  the reason why electronic banking is so poor is that chileans do n't trust it . 
  chileans do n't trust it because there is n't good regulation in place to protect them . 
  for regulation you need a government regulator , for a regulator you need taxes . 
  the chilean regulator of banks is not up to the task . 
   also , infrastructure is determined by absolute spending over the years . 
  even very high taxes in a poor country would n't be enough for good roads . 
  chile is not a poor country . 
  there 's a reason why it 's in the oecd . 
  but this has got nothing to do with the content of the religion as much as the culture of the countries where the religion is dominant . 
  there 's nothing * inherently * more moderate about christianity than islam . 
  if you followed the christian bible literally , a christian would be just as barbaric as a fundamentalist muslim . 
  given that there 's nothing inherently immoderate about islam , relative to christianity , and that it 's largely culture that determines level of moderation , then it stands to reason that in countries with a moderate culture , islam is no more contrary to western values as christianity is . 
   the younger generations are becoming more and more extreme and separating themselves from western society . 
  i 'm not sure if this is true in general . 
  of course you get lots of stories in the news about kids going to fight in syria , but this is a tiny proportion of the uk 's muslims . 
  the majority of young muslims are iphone wielding , marketing jargon spouting , alcohol drinking , celebrity culture obsessed brits just like the rest of us . 
  that 7 % does n't include fonasa/isapre ( chile 's health insurance system ) . 
  actual deductions are higher , though of course still very low by european standards . 
  the quality of life in chile is indeed very high ... so long as you earn an above average wage . 
  i was on ( pre tax ) ch $ 900.000 / month ( about $ 1250/month ) and this was enough to live a very comfortable lifestyle comparable to middle-class western europe . 
  the flip side of this is that if you earn average wage ( around ch $ 400.000 / month ) , you 're pretty much screwed . 
  you 'll be in low-quality accommodation , you 'll have to scrape together to afford the necessities of life , and if you ever get sick or lose your job you have very little protection . 
  you can forget about ever sending your kids to university . 
  the level of inequality and privation in chile is extreme . 
  even on my wage , i would have struggled if i had had kids , as the cost of private education ( necessary to avoid the terrible public system ) is high , as is the cost of university . 
  further , chile 's national infrastructure is in urgent need of modernisation , especially transport infrastructure . 
  the train network is basically non-existent . 
  the roads outside of cities and the main highways , where they 're more than dirt tracks , are potholed . 
  the primary and secondary education systems are extremely poor , though the tertiary sector is quite good ( if you can afford it ) . 
  the national mail system is a joke . 
  public hospitals are in dire need of expansion and upgrades . 
  trash collection is poor . 
  banking , especially electronic banking , is in the stone-age . 
  this is the price of low taxation . 
  -50 vassal opinion for 20 years . 
  that 's what i said right at the start . 
  that 's why i talked about clapping . 
  i 'm not really understanding how this is coming as a surprise to you . 
  it 's perfectly possible to hit someone without causing them any pain ( e.g. 
  hitting with the same force as a clap ) . 
  when i was spanked as a child , this is the level of force that was used . 
  now , clearly many parents go beyond that level of force and into the causing of pain , but that 's not something i endorse , and have not endorsed in any of my posts , which were clearly about striking without pain . 
  i feel like we 're going in circles : spanking does not cause pain . 
  no one is trying to intentionally inflict pain . 
  abusing your child is illegal , and has been for a long time . 
  it is , as you say , the psychological impact of spanking that causes behaviour to be modified , not any physical pain . 
  spanking has certain associations in society and between people such that the child knows it 's punishment . 
  it 's like a parent shouting at their kid : it does n't harm the kid in any way , but because of the associations shouting has it sure makes them shut up . 
   you are claiming that two words have different meanings when in fact they do not no matter how much you claim otherwise . 
  i 'm not saying anything about words , i 'm talking about two distinct actions : hitting someone and causing them pain vs hitting them and not causing them pain . 
  it does n't matter what you call them , they 're clearly distinct . 
   ... whilst reducing long term compliance and causing a massive ton of mental issues for the child . 
  if you are defending that then what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  these are relative measures . 
  compliance is reduced relative to the `` system of incentives '' route . 
  same for mental issues . 
  outcomes with spanking are still superior to no discipline at all , which in real life is the alternative for many families . 
   resorting to physical punishment is a sign that you are a sloppy parent . 
  simple . 
  i already said this several times . 
  we live in the real world , however , not a lab , and in the real world the vast majority of people are completely unqualified to be parents . 
  unless you want to introduce reproduction licences that are granted only after tests are taken , this will remain the case . 
   its not that hard . 
  you just delay the punishment until you get home or use an alternate punishment ( e.g. 
  not buy something the child really wanted ) . 
  lol , i do n't think you 've ever had to deal with a properly misbehaving kid . 
  the child is screaming their head off , picking items off the shelves and throwing them around , taking stuff out of the cart and throwing it on the floor , hitting their parent .
