  but this does little to displace the comparison with japan , since japan also has very uneven population distribution . 
  compare the northern island of japan , hokkaido , and scotland : scottish population : 5,327,700 scottish land area : 78,387 km2 hokkaido population : 5,507,456 hokkaido land area : 83,453 km2 japan is just as full of large , empty spaces as the uk is . 
  but what about the infrastructure point ? 
  surely the uk 's infrastructure ca n't keep up ? 
  this underestimates how long it takes , and how much it costs , to build infrastructure . 
  the main constraint on infrastructure is n't time or population , it 's the budget we have to build it . 
  take as an example norfolk and norwich university hospital , which serves the entire city of norwich and a large amount of the surrounding area . 
  it took 3.5 years to build at cost # 229 million . 
  five new hospitals have been built in london since 2000 ( st peter baptist hospital , queen 's hospital , evelina children 's hospital , princess royal university hospital , queen elizabeth hospital ) . 
  if you have the money to build it , infrastructure can keep up with rapid population growth . 
  this can be further demonstrated by a historical comparison . 
  the population grew from 38 million in 1901 to 46 million in 1931 , or 32 % in 30 years . 
  a growth to 82 million in 2050 , on the other hand , is the comparatively slow 27 % growth in 35 years . 
  as migrants contribute to budgets via taxation as well as use services , they do not contribute to budgetary strain . 
  eu migrants are a net benefit to the treasury : eu immigrants made a [ net contribution of # 20bn ] ( https://www.ucl.ac.uk/news/news-articles/1114/051114-economic-impact-eu-immigration ) to uk public finances between 2000 and 2011 . 
  we have the money : compare the extra # 20bn of tax revenues from migrants over a 10 year period to the # 229 million to build a hospital . 
  the uk could have built 87 new hospitals between 2001 and 2011 from the extra tax revenues from migrants alone . 
  the real issue at the moment is housing , but that 's a political issue . 
  everyone knows the solution , which is building more houses . 
  it does n't have to be a problem , it 's simply political forces are keeping it a problem . 
  eventually , the tide will turn and the pressure will be too great for the government to deny relaxation on planning regulations . 
  sure , but does the us having a spying advantage over us actually harm us in any way , other than injured pride ? 
  friendship ? 
  a political alliance is not a friendship . 
  all international relations are governed by realpolitik . 
  all countries spy on all countries as far as they are able , all countries are aware of it , all countries deny it , and all countries know the denials are false . 
  this gentleman 's agreement works , and has worked for a long time . 
  it allows governments to get on with their responsibilities without having vacuous scandal after scandal . 
  wikileaks : stop rocking the boat . 
  which is exactly the same as now : the uk government can do whatever it likes to the nhs . 
  it 's effectively a unitary state . 
  but this is an entirely tangential point . 
   first of all , a federation does n't have a complete transfer of sovereignty . 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  the question asks about a federation , which is vague , whereas i am talking about a `` united states of europe '' , which is a unitary european nation-state like the usa . 
  i disagree with your interpretation of that question as about a united states of europe . 
  the eu is already a federation of member states , the question merely asks whether further development is desirable . 
  it is not clear what proportion of the people saying `` yes '' would go all the way to support a complete transfer of sovereignty to a central european government . 
  all that aside , 41 % is still a minority , though not a small one . 
  and yet you guys still managed to beat us in a war in the 1970s xd, 
  or it could be that it 's international standard practice for executive branches to negotiate the details of treaties in secret . 
   it 's time we stopped pussy footing around and became the united states of europe . 
  sounds very much like he wants us to institute a use now . 
  there was a reason why the euro was adopted in the first place . 
  a single market without a currency union is not sustainable . 
  you end up with balance of payments problems resulting from certain countries ( like germany ) becoming massive net exporters to the rest of the single market , and other countries ( like spain ) importing loads . 
  of course these imbalances exist without a single market , but the single market magnifies them significantly . 
  for the importer nation to buy german goods they have to pay in german currency . 
  that currency has to come from somewhere : foreign investments , central bank reserves or loans . 
  eventually , if the trade imbalance persists over a long time , the need to secure the currency to pay for imports results in a currency crisis , where a nation is having trouble servicing its foreign debt/paying for imports because they do n't have the currency to do so . 
  this normally leads to a devaluation of the importer nation 's currency ( because demand is so high for foreign currency and supply of the domestic currency is relatively high ) , which just makes the problem worse . 
  over time , therefore , a single market creates huge imbalances between the value of currencies , which are self-perpetuating . 
  this leads of economic inequality within the single market , and can depress economic activity when central banks raise interest rates to try to increase the value of their currency . 
  having a single currency prevents this . 
   not really . 
  the uk has multiple opt outs but is not left behind . 
  keeping the pound was portrayed by euphiles as being something left the uk behind : instead it was entirely sensible . 
  the euro is still extremely young . 
  it 's going through teething problems . 
  in the long run ( i.e. 
  the span of hundreds of years ) , the uk may well suffer for not joining . 
  you must be aware , however , that it 's a small minority in favour of a united states of europe . 
  do you think it 's the right thing to do , even though so many europeans are against it ? 
  how do you justify this fundamentally undemocratic position ? 
  i 'm pro-eu , i want a united states of europe ... one day . 
  i think it would be a huge error to try to force a political union before cultural union is achieved ( note : this is not the abolition of cultural diversity , but the development of a european identity and solidarity which exists on top of national cultures ) . 
  not only would such a political union be undemocratic , it would also be doomed to fail , as statespeople and voters would still be thinking in terms of nationality , and therefore seeking to benefit one part of the european population . 
  the greek crisis highlights how far away we are from the level of european solidarity necessary for a united states of europe . 
  people talk about german taxpayers bailing out greece , how greece is not entitled to german money , etc. 
  this shows how we 're still very much in the grip of the nation state . 
  until germans think of greeks as having equal right to their taxes as germans themselves , there can be no use . 
  maybe we 'll be there sometime within this century . 
  i hope so . 
  but forcing it before we are there is foolish . 
  i see they 're using the `` no hookers and blow '' measure of gdp . 
  nhs is already excluded from ttip . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-31631461  `` the eu reserves the right to adopt or maintain any measure with regard to the provision of all health services which receive public funding or state support in any form '' ignorant fearmongering . 
  stale baguette is great though . 
  chop up some tomatoes , add a load of olive oil , a bit of balsamic vinegar , some basil and garlic . 
  season . 
  tear the stale bread into large chunks and place in the tomato mix . 
  the bread absorbs the liquids and softens . 
  delicious salad . 
  national quotas never end well within the eu . 
  consider the fishing quotas , for example . 
  they were assigned nationally , but under eu freedom of movement and establishment law , people from one member state can go into another member state and use up that state 's quota . 
  it 's just a contradictory mess : discrimination by nationality is fine when assigning quotas , but not when consuming them . 
  uk international aid spending : $ 17.88 billion . 
  estonia international aid spending : $ 0 billion . 
  uk policy is to spend on aid in order to eliminate the need to take refugees . 
   edit : i do n't know why the government had to prove the law does little to no harm , even if it is backwards . 
  stop asking . 
  it 's a principle of eu law that measures must be proportional , balancing the aim of the measure against its negative repercussions . 
  the reason why a greek default amounts to a european exit is that greek banks will no longer be eligible for emergency liquidity assistance from the ecb . 
  all greek banks will go bankrupt overnight . 
  the greek government will have a choice between staying in the euro and letting the entire financial sector fail , or leaving the euro in order to have control of greek monetary policy to prop up the finance sector . 
  eventually , sure . 
  that does n't help you in the short term . 
  sweden had some pretty severe economic problems not too long ago . 
  i think it your haste to not let the media get to you , you 've cut yourself off from some hard truths : 1 .
