  i 'm not following your argument . 
  while obviously terrible news for greece 's economy at large , the title is n't technically accurate . 
  tax revenues declined but spending declined by even more , which means the government 's fiscal position actually improved despite the worsening economy . 
  correction : itunes is n't illegal under uk copyright law , it 's illegal under eu copyright law . 
  the court struck down uk legislation allowing copying for private use on the basis of eu law and in particular a judgment of the ecj . 
  full analysis : http://blogs.lexisnexis.co.uk/wipit/quashed-whats-next-for-private-copying-in-the-uk/, 
  this is nice armchair commentary which appeals to ideas anyone can understand , but it completely ignores the sophistication of modern radar and stealth . 
  the answer seems obvious : because if europe starts ignoring us intellectual property rights , the us will do exactly the same to europe . 
  man , every time i 'm in london i always keep an ear out for spanish speakers to eavesdrop on in the hope of gaining an amusing anecdote . 
  unfortunately they 're all just talking about directions and lunch . 
  suck it , greece . 
   and london would be the ideal city for me if it was not so bloody expensive to live there . 
  so say we all . 
  this article explains the biggest barriers : http://www.politico.eu/article/moving-money-a-capital-markets-union-primer/, 
  i 'm still completely unsure whether the uk gives rise to more crooks than the us , or if it 's just that the crooks in the us are much better at getting away with it . 
   in its current form , yes . 
  the rebate and the constant desire for exemptions of all sorts are poison to the very concept of a political union . 
  no rebate , no cap . 
  it 's not that the eu has put restrictions in place , it 's simply that the single market has barely been started in the area of capital . 
  this article is a decent starting point : http://www.politico.eu/article/moving-money-a-capital-markets-union-primer/, 
  the eu already did try to screw over london 's finance industry . 
  the ecb attempted to ban euro clearing houses from being based outside the eurozone . 
  the [ ecj judged ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/425aeee0-c24f-11e4-bd9f-00144feab7de.html#axzz3hlxqlhtm ) that they lacked the power to make such a rule , but the attempt was still made . 
  not to mention the attempted financial transactions tax . 
  two speed europe is fundamentally against the principle of the eu , which is of a ** single ** market . 
  how about this : the uk gives up seeking restrictions on the core principle of free movement of labour when the core principle of free movement of capital is realised . 
  funny how the rest of the eu does n't seem to care about the eu 's core principles which do n't benefit them . 
  i kinda wish the uk leaves just so that this myth about the uk dragging its feet can be thoroughly debunked . 
  the uk is the only country currently pushing for the completion of the single market in the free movement of capital , while the rest of the eu is busy pretending that free movement of capital is n't part of the eu treaties . 
  the red card is widely misunderstood . 
  it 's already an eu law that the eu can not legislate on matters unless there is a special reason why europe-wide legislation is more appropriate than national legislation . 
  this is called the principle of subsidiarity and is contained within article 5 ( 3 ) of the treaty on european union in addition to countless judgments of the european court of justice . 
  national parliaments currently have a `` yellow card '' which they can use to flag up a piece of legislation as contrary to subsidiarity . 
  however , all this yellow card does is force the european commission to write a reasoned opinion on why the law is consistent with subsidiarity . 
  this is a rather weak way of enforcing something that is a part of the eu constitution . 
  a red card would simply mean that current eu rules on subsidiarity could be effectively enforced . 
  ( it 's no wonder the commission is against such a proposal , because it would mean the end of the era of them legislating on any topic they like ) . 
  it also falls short of a national veto , because a single national parliament red card would be insufficient to initiate the veto procedure . 
  the current yellow card procedure requires 33 % of eu legislatures to issue a yellow card before the commission must review the law . 
  one imagines the red card would follow a similar rule . 
  no , i do n't want the uk to leave the eu , but this is not an unconditional preference . 
  there are certain things the eu could do that would change my vote to `` out '' . 
  i do n't really care about immigration , i do n't think it 's a problem at all . 
  but if the eu started to favour eurozone states at the expense of non-eurozone states , or began taking actions that compromised the uk 's economy ( in particular the finance industry ) , or started to push overly socialist policies , then i could see myself voting to leave . 
  in the longer term , if the eu continues to drag its feet on free movement of capital then i would also vote `` out '' . 
  there 's no point staying in the single market if there 's only a single market for the goods and services that germany and france have a comparative advantage in . 
  english and swedish are different languages too but they 're given the same colour . 
  why are norway and sweden different colours when they 're so similar ? 
  also not seeing how `` ben '' shares any linguistic similarity to `` i '' . 
  it 's fascinating , because if you go to somewhere like the atacama desert in northern chile , you can see the end result of this process , thousands of years later after the lake dries out and leaves behind a salt flat . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're agreeing or disagreeing with me , but either way , i was talking about the f-22 not f-35 . 
  dogfighting exercises are n't really a measure of combat effectiveness ... the reason why the f-22 is the deadliest thing in the sky is that it does n't need to dogfight . 
  it kills you from miles away before you even know it 's there . 
  you know what 's detrimental to discussion ? 
  people flooding these threads with meta posts . 
  it 's good news , but it 's largely possible because they were in such a bad place . 
  it happened the same in the uk : economic growth fuelled largely by falling unemployment after a period of high unemployment . 
  i was never clear on whether the usa is referred to as `` los estados unidos '' or just `` estados unidos '' . 
  i ca n't believe the inhumanity of commentators with regards to the immigrants at calais . 
  talking about bringing in the army , taking about the disruption to * holidays * , talking about the financial costs of these pitiable people . 
  these people have had to endure experiences we ca n't even imagine . 
  they 're the lowest of the low , desperate to escape to britain . 
  they 've experienced torture and we 're refusing to help them . 
  that 's right : these people have had to live in * france * . 
  it results in trade wars as other countries reciprocate , raising the cost of goods to the consumer , reducing the volume of global trade ( and thus the availability of foreign goods ) , and generally slowing the global economy . 
  no discussion is being suppressed . 
  the thread is permanently at the top of the page . 
  people are free to comment . 
  it 's simply an anti-spam measure . 
  there 's no point having the entire front page filled with duplicate threads . 
  if anything is stopping discussion of immigration , it 's all the people filling the megathreads with meta discussion instead of talking about immigration . 
  this post included . 
  europe seems to be intent on legislating us internet companies into the ground , since apparently we ca n't compete with us companies on a level playing field . 
  all these measures reek of protectionism . 
  even posting something centrist gets you downvoted . 
  the idea of specialised courts is nothing new . 
  `` us peasants '' have separate courts for divorce , for child custody , for crime , for civil litigation , etc. 
  specialisation aids efficiency . 
  all sovereign nations cede their authority to a set of rules that allow private entities to hold them to account and force them to act according to those rules . 
  it 's called the rule of law . 
  ttip changes nothing on this front , it just adds to the rules . 
  uk gdp growth over the last few years has been largely fuelled by falling unemployment , not population growth . 
  you 're also cherry picking the stats by picking out three years of the crisis , which just so happen to be the years before germany was dragged down by eurozone stagnation and the uk 's growth rate increased dramatically . 
  no one disputes that germany has superior productivity to the uk or higher gdp per capita . 
  but that 's something that 's been the case for decades . 
  the fact remains that , at the present time , the uk is closing the gap . 
  i consider myself centre left . 
  i support legalisation of cannabis , i oppose communications monitoring , i think the current levels of immigration are a good thing . 
  / r/unitedkingdom is so left wing it makes me look like the bnp . 
  it 's gone full-on socialist . 
   germany recovered much better & is still doing better . 
  germany has always been a bigger economy than the uk . 
  the best measure of comparative performance is growth , not raw gdp . 
  german economic growth is consistently lower than the uk : germany : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/gdp-growth-annual uk : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-kingdom/gdp-growth-annual, 
   but the issue in question here is whether private investment has ever successfully reversed the low demand at the root of an economic slump . 
  i was n't aware this was your point . 
  now that it 's clear , the question is a lot easier , because of course the vast majority of investment in any economic recovery is private investment . 
  even when you have a huge government stimulus package , it 's still a drop in the ocean of the private sector economy . 
  it would not be possible to have an economic recovery from a low demand slump without it being fuelled mainly by private sector investment . 
  for specific real world examples of how central planning can seek to bring about this private investment , the common practice of central banks lowering interest rates and the modern practice of quantitative easing are both examples of using private investment to combat a recession without increasing government debt .
