  my life is no different with or without it . 
  it 's a well-established principle that submission is not the same as consent . 
  just because she stopped objecting does not mean she gave consent . 
  it 's incredibly hard to prove a counter-factual . 
  austerity was indeed a bitter pill with many unpleasant side-effects . 
  but even so , it may have been the correct medicine . 
  it 's impossible to know , because we ca n't know what would have happened otherwise . 
   she had awoken to find him having sex with her , she said , but when she asked whether he was wearing a condom he said no . 
  at the very least , this one is definitely rape under english law . 
  two times over , in fact : there is a rebuttable presumption of lack of consent when the partner is unconscious , and the lack of condom when consent was only given to protected sex are each sufficient to make it rape . 
  given that they spent the night arguing over whether she would have sex with him or not , it 's very hard to rebut the presumption of lack of consent when unconscious . 
  never really understand why people care so much about this . 
  i mean , i 'm happy to say that nsa spying is a breach of rights . 
  but that does n't go to explain why people care so much . 
  if someone steals a penny from you , it 's a breach of your rights , but it 's only a penny , so you do n't really care . 
  how has nsa spying negatively impacted people 's lives in a measurable way ? 
  hell , it was going on for years without people realising , so it ca n't impact our lives * that * badly . 
  in the list of things i 'm upset about , nsa spying is really near the bottom of the list . 
  i do n't understand how these maps work . 
  does n't google personalise all results based on your past browsing and search habits , information crawled from your gmail account , etc ? 
  surely the search autocomplete will depend on the person searching ? 
  aka model un . 
  he 's right . 
  the us was among the first to legalise gay marriage . 
  massachusetts legalised it in 2004 , before spain , canada , south africa , norway , sweden , portugal , iceland , argentina , denmark , uruguay , new zealand , france , the uk , and finland . 
  conversely , the us is also one of the last to legalise gay marriage , as 15 states still do not recognise gay marriage . 
  in my experience , south america has secular government down pretty well . 
  most countries there are strongly catholic and many individuals will register a personal moral disagreement with homosexuality , but they also believe in non-discrimination as a societal value . 
  in training , yes . 
  realistically , probably canada or australia , as those are the places where my skills would be most marketable ( common law jurisdictions ) . 
  however , ideally i 'd go to spain , preferably barcelona , because of the climate , the food , the social life , and the women . 
  also i speak spanish . 
  itt : food . 
  ( for me it was baked beans . 
  two years without baked beans . 
  scarred for life . ), 
  you may be buying cheap bread . 
  look at the ingredients and pick a loaf without any sugar in . 
  western europe *, 
  two reasons . 
  firstly , a large part of the deflation is due to the fall in the price of oil , and so does not really reflect on the uk domestic economic situation . 
  eurozone deflation was already happening before the oil price fall , though of course this has also affected the eurozone . 
  secondly , inflation was higher than wages for many years , so this is seen as a kind of correction of that . 
  which is why people argue for the maintenance of nuclear arsenals . 
  but arguably , this is a problem :  everyone knows exactly how far they can push one another and when to back off this used to be the case , but it 's beginning to break down , which is very dangerous . 
  it used to be the case that nato would go toe to toe with russia over any issue , no matter how small , even if it involved satellite states rather than states directly within their spheres of influence . 
  russia has spent the last decade poking nato to see if the west still has the appetite for brinkmanship that we used to . 
  first georgia , now ukraine . 
  the result clearly shows that nato is more willing to back down than it used to be . 
  russia called nato 's bluff successfully . 
  the problem is , we do n't know how far that bluff extends . 
  if russia invaded lithuania , a nato nation but a minor one in violation of the nato treaty , would nato give a full response ? 
  10 years ago this would not even be up to question . 
  but now the world has doubts , and that 's dangerous for stability . 
  this is a straw man . 
  people do n't believe that war will come around again for the sole reason that they 've happened before . 
  people believe war will come around again because wars have * causes * . 
  the last 70 years has seen an absence of those causes in europe , and so europe has been without war . 
  it 's really as simple as that . 
  we 're not immune to war , we have n't reached some enlightened status that makes morally superior , and we certainly are n't militarily invulnerable . 
  if the conditions that traditionally lead to wars arose again , we should expect war to return with them . 
  when people look at trends in the world today they see the return of those causes : the current rise of nationalism , the imperialism of russia that could lead to an arms race , the rise of totalitarian china as a global power , and the ecological challenges climate change will create , including increasingly limited food and water resources , flooding and other extreme weather , and extremely high migration patters as people flee the worst-affected areas . 
  high compared to what a national spanish currency would have been valued at . 
  yes . 
  you 'll also find many european and national laws declaring sex discrimination illegal . 
  that does n't mean that we have gender equality in europe . 
  what the law says should be the case and what actually is the case rarely fully align . 
  german power in europe is n't really germany 's fault . 
  really , the problem that german power creates is a result of the framework it finds itself in . 
  if the eurozone were a fiscal union , the union would have a system of fiscal transfers/federal taxation and spending/federal eurobonds to manage situations like these . 
  it would be understood that each state had a duty towards the union as a whole . 
  greece could simply be subsidised by the rest of the union , because that 's what a fiscal union does . 
  if the eurozone did n't exist and we just had the eu single market , eu member states would have no duties towards each other and could just watch on as member states had economic crises . 
  as it stands , eurozone member states have duties towards each other by virtue of their sharing a monetary union ( whose policies will inevitably favour some and disadvantage others , meaning the advantaged states have a duty to mitigate the harm done to the disadvantaged ) , but there is no recognised mechanism for that interstate assistance . 
  nono , they should have put hitler in pastel colours . 
  no one expects an invasion from people wearing pastel . 
  it does indeed cut both ways , which is why the eurozone has finally got qe despite significant german opposition . 
  but said german opposition did result in significant delays in its implementation . 
  i 'm not sure how politically independent the ecb is . 
  i think it 's almost impossible for a central bank to be politically neutral unless it simply refuses to act . 
  monetary policy is crucial in managing economies , and the management of economies inevitably involves controversial political decisions . 
   oh please , do n't . 
  you can not seriously argue that simple . 
  and i did n't . 
  the very first sentence of the post is `` you can see why '' . 
  the post is explaining why the comparison between bailout and military force is understandable . 
  to see why the comparison is made , you do n't have to show identity . 
  no one is saying bailout = invasion . 
  all the post is doing is showing certain similar features . 
  you also have a lot of infrastructure spending coming from federal taxes too , like on the national highway system . 
  to go back to your previous post :  to describe this as transfers is sort of like describing the uk as having fiscal transfers between london and cornwall . 
  this is exactly what happens in the uk , and it 's something that is discussed a lot when debating how much infrastructure spending london should get relative to the rest of the uk . 
  taxes paid by londoners do indeed subsidise spending on other areas of the uk . 
  the policy of the ecb has served german interests at the expense of other eurozone countries for several years now . 
  german worries about inflation stopped quantitative easing for years , and though it 's now finally being implemented , it would have been much more effective several years earlier . 
  if germany wants to dictate eurozone monetary policy in their favour , they have to be prepared to help out the countries that suffer as a result . 
  otherwise germany is just unilaterally following their own interests and saying `` fuck you '' to all their supposed partners whom it hurts . 
  basically , germany has to take the bad parts of the monetary union along with the good . 
  if they were n't prepared for `` in sickness and in health '' , they should n't have got married . 
   that deficit the article described runs a bit loose with the definition of deficit .
