  david cameron was recently criticised for using the phrase `` bunch of migrants '' . 
   uncontrolled immigration and a open border policy will not benefit the people who are actually fleeing from political persecution and war . 
  the european asylum system is now overwhelmed with opportunists that bring the whole process to a grinding halt by sheer numbers , making it very hard for people who are actually eligible for asylum . 
  it 's easy to say `` be firm with economic migrants '' . 
  the problem is * how * to be firm . 
  there is n't really any way to do this en masse without a massive overturning of decades of european human rights law . 
  which , to be fair , i imagine a number of people would consider desirable . 
  but practically it has a ton of problems , not least that for many countries like germany said human rights are written into their constitution . 
  not to mention that many people who study comp sci just do the course content and do n't do any significant programming on their own time . 
  since comp sci courses are heavily theoretical , the result is that many comp sci graduates do n't have commercially useful programming skills . 
  every comp sci professor always warns their students that they need to be doing lots of programming on their own time in addition to the course content . 
  but of course only a small percentage of students listen . 
  this is half the story . 
  there 's no shortage of engineers , but there is a shortage of engineers that companies want to employ . 
  not all engineers are equal . 
  there is a high rate of people who studied engineering who did not manage to get a job as an engineer , but there 's simultaneously a pretty high rate of unfilled engineering vacancies . 
  the problem is a `` skills gap '' between what students are graduating with and what companies actually want . 
  similar , only the french xd, 
  to be honest , we should just change to a contribution-based system like most of the eu . 
  almost all the uk 's problems with welfare and the eu are created by not using contributions . 
  if you have a contribution system it 's not discrimination to deny people benefits who have n't built up any contributions , because you 're treating them the same as your own citizens . 
  it would save so much political capital to just sort it out ourselves domestically , and then the eu negotiations could have focused on stuff that actually mattered . 
  i think you place too much confidence in the idea that member states are willing to face down the ecj over an issue . 
  on every occasion that eu law and national law has come into conflict , eu law has triumphed and the member states have accepted the decision - even where it was a piece of national constitutional law that was being overruled . 
  of course germany retains the power to withdraw itself from the jurisdiction of the eu if they believe the eu breaches their constitution , but there 's no way for germany to simultaneously disapply eu law ** and ** remain in the eu . 
  you get to talk about making an effort when you spend your nato treaty commitment of 2 % of gdp on defence . 
  this is the fiction that germany maintains , yes . 
  it is , however , not the actual position under eu law . 
  the case of van gend en loos established that eu member states are no longer completely sovereign , but rather have sacrificed and transferred a part of their sovereignty to the eu by suborning themselves to the eu legal order . 
  in the case of simmenthal the ability of eu law to trump national constitutions was confirmed when the ecj stated that eu law could disapply national laws even where national constitutions only permitted the national constitutional court this power . 
  the case of factortame demonstrated this power again when eu law trumped an act of the uk parliament . 
  it was demonstrated in the case of germany in internationale handelsgesellschaft where the ecj affirmed that eu law has primacy over german basic law . 
  in the event of a conflict , if germany did not submit to the ecj 's decision , germany would be fined . 
  the only way for germany to be completely sovereign would be to leave the eu . 
  yeah , tomorrow they will announce a brand new broomstick manufacturing deal . 
   the pm refused to `` get into economic jargon people would n't understand '' when asked to explain where the money for tax cuts would come from . 
  and referred everyone to the `` long term economic plan '' being presented by the finance minister . 
  apparently the phrase that won the tories the uk election has been exported xd, 
  yeah it 's pretty much nonsense . 
  the legal basis would be created by legislation . 
  the german court system has always liked to maintain the fiction that german constitutional law can trump eu law , but every single ecj case on the matter has decided eu law takes precedence . 
  the problem is that the us will not sign any treaty that forces it to submit to foreign courts , and there 's equally no way that the eu will be happy for us courts to decide on ttip-based disputes . 
  so you ca n't just let existing courts decide ttip disputes . 
  therefore you need to create a new , neutral arbitrator for disputes under the treaty . 
  i meant european courts as in `` the courts of the countries of europe '' not pan-european courts like the ecj or the ecthr . 
  the vast majority of european countries have incorporated the human rights conventions which hinder deportation into their own domestic laws . 
  no doubt . 
  when i said it was possible i meant `` economically possible '' more than `` politically possible '' . 
  it 's not so unrealistic . 
  the fiscal transfers occurring on a regular basis between states in the usa ( via federal taxation and spending ) put the greek bailouts to shame . 
   take virginia , for example . 
  in 2009 , according to the census bureau , the federal government spent $ 155.6 billion in this state where the revolutionary war was won . 
  but the internal revenue service collected only $ 58.6 billion in federal taxes . 
  virginia , in effect , ran a deficit of $ 97 billion . 
  indeed over the 20 years from 1990 to 2009 , according to calculations by the economist , it ran a cumulative deficit of over $ 590 billion . 
   that amounts to about 145 % of virginia 's 2009 economic output , similar to the debt-to-gdp ratio of greece . 
  if america were like the euro area , virginia would have to bear the burden itself . 
  but as part of a fiscal union , it can rely on others to help . 
  http://www.economist.com/node/21524887 so an eu fiscal union is perfectly possible . 
  it would just require us-levels of federal solidarity . 
  it 's a good point but i always feel rather guilty making it when i 'm arguing for the eu . 
  no one ever responds with what i feel is a crippling riposte : `` and what does global influence actually do to benefit the people of the uk ? '', 
  people like to make vague statements about negotiation power , clout etc but i 've yet to see anyone able to summon a detailed and particular example from the modern world whereby they draw a direct causal chain between geopolitical influence and the prosperity of average citizens . 
  if a nation has no real geopolitical ambitions and merely wants to further the prosperity of its citizens then it seems to me that `` global clout '' and `` relevance '' are rather overrated . 
  are they suing in tort though ? 
  tort requires you to demonstrate some loss but there has n't been any nuclear accident so there is n't any loss . 
  seems to me that this is closest to a judicial review case in so far as it is trying to get the belgian government to make different choices . 
  european courts would . 
  a lot is made of the whole `` can do '' culture etc , but actually europe has plenty of start ups . 
  there are plenty of entrepreneurs who are ready to take risk . 
  what europe lacks are lots of * successful * start ups i.e. 
  ones that grow to become very big very quickly . 
  that 's a problem with availability of home-grown finance , the size of the domestic market , and a lack of expertise clusters . 
  they 're shit , but they 're not overpriced . 
  the price reflects the costs of running the trains . 
  the only way to significantly lower ticket prices would be to run the trains at a massive loss . 
  example : in 2014 virgin west coast made a pre-tax profit of # 13.1 million on 31.9 million journeys , or a profit of around 40p per ticket . 
  the real reason why the uk 's trains are so shit is a lack of investment in the infrastructure . 
  as a result maintenance costs are extremely high and efficiency is rather low . 
  fun fact ... it is n't . 
  transport infrastructure is still nationalised . 
  the various operators are exactly that : they are contracted by the government to operate train services . 
  they do n't own the infrastructure , they just have a licence to use it . 
  which is probably why it 's so shit lol . 
  the french and germans actually invest in infrastructure . 
  this is us law only . 
  i do n't think any other countries use a grand jury system . 
  in the uk , `` indictment '' means a charge that will be heard in the crown court , and is used in contrast to `` summary '' , which can be heard in the magistrates court . 
  each criminal offence is specified as being indictable , summary , or `` either way '' . 
  to work , not visit . 
  fyi i 'm anti-brexit . 
  you massively overestimate cameron 's influence . 
  nobody thinks his negotiation is anything but a way for him to be able to campaign for `` remain '' while simultaneously using rhetoric about finding solutions to people 's concerns . 
  the negotiation is n't going to really change anything - the people for brexit will remain for brexit no matter what cameron gets , and the people against brexit are n't going to change their minds if cameron gets a poor deal . 
  you also seem to be under a strange idea that cameron was ever for brexit , or is for brexit now . 
  cameron always has been and always will be for britain remaining in the eu . 
  the referendum is happening because the british people want it . 
  there 's no big conspiracy here . 
  the people want a referendum , politicians realised this and promised one in order to win votes . 
  that 's how democracy works lol .
