lol , a high proportion of that fruit and veg is imported from mainland europe . 
  not sure what is n't clear . 
  could you be more specific ? 
  i think it 's realistic . 
  france and germany are the dominant members , and when it comes to monetary policy germany is especially influential . 
  the ecb might as well be called the bundesbank . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  france and germany are lower , and they 're basically all that matter . 
  to be fair , we did try . 
  we wanted to join the euro , it was simply economically impossible . 
  the uk economy and the continental european economies are just too different for it to work . 
  the uk economy has a much higher rate of home ownership compared to continental europe 's rent-dominated property market . 
  this means that the uk and continental europe respond different to changes in interest rates ( which affect mortgages ) . 
  the independence movement got a real boost from the economic crash and the austerity that followed . 
  i doubt they 'd get anywhere near the same level of support during the middle of an economic boom . 
  mentioned in this article : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-29066072, 
  probably the article published by a kremlin insider stating that putin has given serious consideration to a `` limited nuclear strike '' in europe to drive a wedge between europe and us parts of nato . 
  and that putin 's aim is the destruction of nato . 
  cold war is back , and we 're in russia 's sights . 
  to clarify for those who find this overly poetic : nietzsche is saying that even after explicit belief in god disappears , we ( as a society ) remain strongly influenced by the fact that we used to believe in god . 
  influenced in our social institutions , our interactions , and even the way we think about ourselves and the world . 
  when the us makes it illegal to mention the nsa , then we can talk . 
  second largest military . 
  far from the second best . 
  and their economy is fast growing because it has such a great distance to catch up . 
  to use an example : extramarital affairs . 
  acceptable : it 's always okay to have sex outside your marriage . 
  unacceptable : it 's always bad to have sex outside your marriage . 
  not moral : whether or not you have sex outside your marriage is between you and your partner . 
  the purpose of these ministers is to represent the interests of the people . 
  they have generals to strategise and lead the troops , and a civil service to draft policy . 
  all the minister does is give a vague direction they want things taken in , then they get the glory if it works or the blame if it fails . 
  they 'll mate en route to increase their numbers . 
  i think it would depend on the context . 
  the queen enjoys strong support and parliament does n't , the army is also very loyal to the queen . 
  if she dissolved parliament on a whim i think the outcry would be huge . 
  but if she did it in response to some parliamentary scandal like the exposure of significant corruption i think she would have the support of the nation . 
  but only so long as she planned to return the country to democracy as soon as possible . 
  see my post above :  i was circumcised at the age of 21 , so am one of the few people who enters into these debates with the experience of sexual pleasure both with and without a foreskin . 
  i can report no loss in pleasure or sensation . 
  it 's been 4 years now , still no loss . 
  i think i have a better idea than everyone who claims to know itt . 
  a toe has a function . 
  i was circumcised at the age of 21 , so am one of the few people who enters into these debates with the experience of sexual pleasure both with and without a foreskin . 
  i can report no loss in pleasure or sensation . 
  it 's been 4 years now , still no loss . 
  the proportion of the population who `` go into town '' is quite small . 
  the vast majority of people are in their beds . 
  now , if we were to take an average of university age extroverts , we might see something very different ... 
  recovery was always going to happen - it 's the boom-bust cycle . 
  expect another bust in a decade or so . 
  for the tories to have something to brag about they would have to be able to show recovery above and beyond that which might have been expected anyway - one measure for that could be uk growth in comparison with other economies in europe . 
  ( all this ignoring the many ways in which growth is not the only economic indicator of relevance ) . 
  there 's something kinda similar in chile and argentina - buying beer , coke , etc. 
  in large sturdy bottles ( 2l coke , 1l beer ) is quite expensive ... but you keep the bottle , take it back to the shop and get a significant discount on your next purchase of that drink in that size bottle . 
  i do n't see any problem with excessive-risk seeking behaviour , once you 've fixed the fact that banks currently externalise their risk onto the tax payer . 
  once banks are responsible for their own risks ( via the aforementioned vickers plan ) , they can do what they want . 
  the difference is that you get more tax from salaries than bonuses . 
  whenever a government does something that looks strange , look to the tax xd, 
  so many people get caught up on what things are called . 
  they see the word `` bonus '' and think it must be some sort of performance related extra , like a tip for good service in a restaurant . 
  in reality , bonuses are just another form of remuneration like salaries , commissions , hourly wages . 
  if we got rid of the word `` bonus '' and called it `` annual lump sum payment '' would people be less indignant ? 
  if so , there 's something seriously wrong with the motivation behind these laws . 
  if not , then it 's not really bonuses that people object to but high pay in general . 
  at which point you have to ask yourself when we got into the business of setting maximum wages as well as minimum ones . 
  the vickers plan seems sensible to me . 
  once consumer and business banking is protected , what does it matter what financial games the banks play with their reserves for profit , or how much their employees get paid to bring that about ? 
  it 's no longer harming anyone - any mistake will only harm the investment bank 's bottom line , and would not affect deposits or credit offered to businesses . 
  once you 've solved `` too big to fail '' ( which is what that does ) i 'm not sure why we have an interest in capping pay . 
  having only read the first part of the title , i was really expecting a graph comparing testicle size . 
   it was possible to move to other european countries freedom of movement is something rather more than this . 
   find out what #fco can help you with abroad spoiler alert : unless you 're stuck in the middle of a civil war or a tsunami , fco is going to do jack shit to help you . 
  san sebastian in spain . 
  its pleasant climate and a beach are good but , most importantly , san sebastian has the second highest number of michelin stars in the world ( kyoto is # 1 ) . 
  the fact that i already speak spanish is a bonus . 
  because if there 's one thing brits hate more than foreigners , it 's other brits trying to change the status quo . 
  europe has plenty of games * development * . 
  it 's just those developers tend to get bought by larger american firms . 
  generally speaking , the development continues to happen in europe though . 
  you missed out eidos and tomb raider . 
   i dunno , what 's the point of using a number system of you 're not going to actually use all the numbers ? 
  low average marks are generally associated with higher quality course content . 
  cambridge and oxford are particularly famous for low average marks - someone with 55 % from cambridge will often be preferred to someone with 65 % from a `` regular '' university . 
  i suppose it 's the impression that they do n't understand 25 % of the course content . 
  the grade you get is still a percentage . 
  it 's just that no one ever does so badly as to get below 40 % ( you 'd have to basically write complete gibberish , or not open the paper ) , or so well as to get above 80 % . 
  at my university , at least , an undergraduate getting over 80 % was considered indicative of masters-level work . 
  getting over 90 % meant your work was considered to be of publishable quality . 
  in quantitative classes it 's slightly less true - it 's a bit easier to get higher scores if you know the material properly . 
  however , they still write the question papers so as to keep even those who know the material from getting 90 % + . 
  i took two quantitative classes ( mathematics for economists and symbolic logic ) and both exams featured questions on material that was not part of the course syllabus - you will have had to have done additional , more advanced , independent study to answer those questions ( or have a high level of natural talent in mathematics ) . 
  the boundary is the venue . 
  is the venue a place where you generally expect to find political arguments , such as a newspaper ? 
  ok . is the venue a place where people generally expect to be free of politics , such as entertainment media ? 
  not ok . 
   also , as somebody who has done an erasmus exchange while at the university , i 'd say that you 'll get positive and negative surprises wherever you go . 
  it 's always amusing watching high achieving students come to the uk and discover that the effective marking range is 40-80 , not 0-100 . 
  students used to getting 98 % in the us start getting 75 % in the uk and it completely freaks them out . 
  do n't you just love it when people politicise events that are supposed to be non-political .
