  the thing with geopolitics is that it 's hard to specify exactly how it leads to higher quality of life . 
  and if it does n't lead to a higher quality of life , then what 's its purpose ? 
  people like to talk in vague terms of `` global clout '' and `` negotiating power '' but they get incredibly evasive when you try to pin them down on a ) how these things are quantified and b ) by what specific mechanisms they increase prosperity . 
  they get even more evasive when you try to get them to specify what a federal europe could do on this front that a confederate europe ca n't . 
  ( by federal europe i mean a single sovereign european superstate , by confederate i mean a group of cooperating sovereign states , as the situation is now ) . 
  the most obvious vehicles of clout are seats on the un security council and voting power in the imf and world bank . 
  none of these would really improve upon european federal integration . 
  they might even get worse , with france and the uk giving up their individual security council seats for a single eu seat . 
  military is another area on which people get extremely vague . 
  i support the maintenance of strong militaries across europe for defence purposes , but in today 's world where nations no longer invade each other for material gain it 's hard to see how military power actually does anything to increase prosperity . 
  again people talk of geopolitical clout but i have never once seen a person successfully draw a line from military strength to higher wages for the average citizen . 
  there 's always a '' ??? 
  profit '' in the middle there somewhere , generally called `` negotiating power '' and just waved off . 
   and also , some seem to view the eu as anti-democratic but i fail to see what is so anti-democratic about the eu . 
  the commission president is elected by the members of parliaments and the people who actually vote the legislation are the council of ministers ( government officials appointed by each member-state 's leader ) and the parliament ( directly elected ) . 
  how is that anti-democratic ? 
  there are three reasons why the eu is considered undemocratic : - the eu parliament , the only directly elected body , is unable to propose legislation . 
  legislation originates in the commission , which is unelected . 
  - the european court of justice has reached many decisions which further eu integration beyond the limits stated in treaty . 
  for example , the fact that eu member states have to pay benefits to job seekers from other member states was an obligation created by the ecj , despite the fact that the treaty explicitly stated that member states did n't have to ( their justification : the furtherance of the aim of freedom of movement , stated in treaty , was a higher authority that specific treaty provisions ) . 
  another example : the ecj granted themselves the power to overrule national courts despite that power not having been given to the ecj . 
  they merely `` deduced '' its existence . 
  - a large amount of european integration occurs in closed door meetings in response to crises . 
  this is not a bug , but a feature - the eu 's architects knew that integration would be almost impossible to gain democratically so they explicitly ( and are on public record saying so ) designed the thing to force crises to which the only viable solution was further integration . 
  you have n't read the proposals properly then . 
  cameron wants to put a two speed eu into law , which means that the ez would be able to integrate more than they can now , as britain would not stand in the way of integration . 
  in exchange , britain gets legal guarantees that further integration will not be used to harm british interests , which is a fair exchange for sacrificing a veto . 
  isis is n't just terrorism though . 
  they are a state by any definition - they hold territory , they collect taxes , they provide public services and regulate industries . 
  and they have a large army . 
  an interesting report but i feel like it falls short of its title . 
  yes , the eu has a falling share of world population , gdp and military spending . 
  what it fails to identify , however , is how these things * specifically * contribute to that vague notion `` clout '' . 
  the idea of clout is too often thrown around without much thought put into it ... 
  i 've yet to see anyone really specify the mechanisms by which , for example , having a powerful military allows a country to advance its position in the modern world . 
   i remember hearing about the elections in the uk , israel , poland , turkey ( and there are loads more that i ca n't recall now ) , and it seemed like the right-wing and the far right always did surprisingly well . 
  you know ukip just won a single mp at the general election , right ? 
  dramatically increasing vote share without actual electoral success - it seems ukip and fn share a similar experience . 
  eu states having to pay benefits to other member states was actually a creation of the european court of justice , even though the treaty explicitly stated that member states did not have to pay benefits to job seekers from other member states . 
  hurrah for activist courts . 
   i 'm not really sure who to believe anymore . 
  the spanish , the french and the ukrainians . 
  and the dutch . 
  spending on public health campaigns can convince people to change their lifestyles though . 
  the smoking rate in the uk and many other countries has plummeted since concerted public health efforts . 
  there was an empire , just no emperor . 
  i dunno , these things seem to be pretty classical examples of welfare spending . 
  wasp-class amphibious assault ships are not comparable to european amphibious assault ships . 
  they share a name , but not capabilities . 
  the wasp class is equivalent in capabilities to european `` aircraft carriers '' . 
  the european assault ships ( such as the mistral ) deploy helicopters and are typically half the displacement of the wasp class . 
  the wasp class deploys fighter jets ( such as a complement of 20 harrier jump jets ) on an equivalent scale to the french charles de gaulle , which carries a complement of 20 jets . 
  by the us definition , no european nation has an operational aircraft carrier xd the italian `` aircraft carriers '' displace 28,000 tonnes and 14,000 tonnes . 
  the french `` aircraft carrier '' displaces 43,000 tonnes . 
  these kinds of displacement would have them classified not as aircraft carriers but as amphibious assault ships under the us navy classification system . 
  the us wasp-class amphibious assault ship displaces 40,000 tonnes and the us navy has 8 of them , in addition to its 10 nimitz-class aircraft carriers which displace 100,000 tonnes . 
  the british queen elizabeth class will probably be just about large enough to properly classify as an aircraft carrier , but even then they 're much smaller than the nimitz . 
  as for why this all matters : size largely determines sortie size and speed . 
  us aircraft carriers can sustain air operations on a scale , intensity and duration than european carriers can not come close to matching . 
  you gon na live stream it on twitch ? 
  there are limits , but choice of arbitration is not one of them and there 's no principle that would say it should be . 
  arbitration is in fact one of the great strengths of western legal systems and possibly the single greatest reason for its global popularity . 
  the problem in this scenario is n't arbitration , it 's that of duress . 
  any contract signed under duress can be voided . 
  one of the fundamental principles of that liberal system is that of individual liberty , which includes the freedom of contract . 
  if you undermine the ability of parties to make voluntary binding agreements then you are hardly working in the european liberal tradition . 
  saudi arabia is n't like iran , where you have a moderate people oppressed by a hardline government . 
  for all their brutality , the sauds are actually more moderate than the average citizen they rule over . 
  removing them from power ( which would n't be easy given their military ) would just lead to another is in saudi arabia . 
  a ground assault would not be asymmetric warfare . 
  is is a state , not a terrorist group . 
  they have an army , they hold territory , they collect taxes and regulate industries . 
  the problem is n't defeating them , it 's preventing the same thing from happening in the future . 
  ... he was making a joke about breaking wind xd, 
  flatulence is indeed a nation-wide problem , but as far as i know there are currently no plans to harness it for energy generation . 
  the germans are decades ahead of us in flatulence-based technology . 
  presumably this means the plan is now to use the second queen elizabeth class carrier as a full carrier operating jets , rather than the previous plan to use it as a helicopter carrier . 
  ... huh . 
  i thought it was a lot more than that . 
  except if it was consensus that the project was heading for a federal europe , then they would have included it in the treaty . 
  federalism 's very absence , despite the fact that schuman et al wanted it , shows that they knew that federalism was not something that europe wanted at the time . 
  `` union = federalism '' was a desire held by a number of influential individuals , but it was not their official position in their capacity as representatives of their governments . 
  i mean , the doctrine of gradualism which these early eurocrats espoused basically makes this explicit . 
  people who wanted a federal europe have to get there by degrees because any actual statement of federalism would have been impossible to get agreement on . 
  it 's not the kind of thing you can source , as you well know . 
  but if you must have something concrete :  london handled 36.7 % of global currency transactions in 2009 -- an average daily turnover of us$ 1.85 trillion -- with more us dollars traded in london than new york , and more euros traded than in every other city in europe combined . 
  united europe meant something different back then . 
  remember ww2 was a recent and scarring event . 
  unity meant a europe that acted in cooperation and did n't go to war . 
  unity did n't mean the abolition of nations to be subsumed into a single regime which governed all europe . 
  that was exactly the situation they were recovering from . 
   the problem is that you are holding europe back from becoming a more political union becoming a political union * is * a policy . 
  the schuman declaration is not a part of eu law , nor was it ever an official position of the eu or its predecessors . 
  most importantly , it was never a jointly agreed intergovernmental position . 
  it 's basically the opinion of a single french foreign minister as to the desirable direction of europe . 
   ow do you propose to have an ever closer closer union of the peoples if not via their states though ? 
  though cultural integration projects like erasmus , in addition to migration due to freedom of labour , goods , services , and capital . 
  if these programmes were expanded and went on long enough , europe may become sufficiently culturally united to form a federal state . 
  but i think the cultural integration must precede the political . 
  if europe ever becomes a federal state , it must come about via overwhelming popular demand .
