  but in reality it 's one or the other . 
  the lack of a coherent alternative is one of remain 's strongest arguments . 
  well , if you ask the brexiteers they 'll generally cite reducing immigration as their primary motivation . 
  so it surely would have impacts on the uk 's population . 
  such as brexit . 
   so many opt-outs we only really have two that are of any significance : the euro opt-out and the area of freedom and justice opt-out . 
  on the former , it 's a matter of pragmatic necessity . 
  the uk tried to join the euro and it crashed our economy and we were ejected from it . 
  [ black wednesday ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_wednesday ) . 
  on the latter , it is n't really a central part of the eu , which is primarily about progressing the four fundamental freedoms ( labour , goods , services , capital ) . 
  as such i barely even consider it an opt-out . 
  more like the rest of the eu ( except denmark ) has exercised an opt-in to an extra side project ( and in any case , the uk opts in to many parts of it like the european arrest warrant ) . 
  not really sure what other opt-outs you may be thinking of . 
  schengen surely does n't count as it is n't really an eu project at all . 
  it was a non-eu project which was incorporated into the eu legal framework decades after it was instituted . 
  and in any case you can have complete freedom of labour without schengen , so not being a member does nothing to reduce the uk 's compliance with the four freedoms . 
  the point is that if each individual country thinks it can skimp on its obligations and just rely on the alliance , then eventually the alliance is n't worth anything any more . 
  it 's weird . 
  i 'm actually more likely to use the eurostar now - to avoid planes . 
  til you can only use your military to influence a country if you have a land border with them . 
  the only reason why western countries being invaded/bullied militarily seems absurd is because of the west 's military capabilities . 
  if every western nation were to adopt this position and assume there was no threat , then that would be the very cause of threats appearing . 
  a powerful military is a deterrent that prevents that military from being needed . 
  a weak military is an invitation to have a go . 
  if europe were unable to defend itself then it 's absurd to think that at some point , some country * would n't * use military power to exert undue influence over us . 
   all biblical names have hebrew ( or possibly aramaic ) origin . 
  are n't the forms of the names most of europe uses derived from the greek , though ? 
  not sure how this was calculated , but the uk definitely dropped more than one place between jury and popular vote . 
  been stuck in my head all day . 
  ireland 's absurdly high economic growth continues to baffle me . 
  it 's higher than china 's ... and yet if you go to ireland , you do n't really see a comparable level of activity . 
  china 's building cities worth of infrastructure each year , tens of thousands of kilometres of high speed rail , countless new power plants , etc. 
  what is ireland doing that is equivalent to that ? 
  obviously ireland is much smaller , but with a higher growth rate you 'd expect to see a level of development which , proportionate to ireland 's size , was comparable to china . 
  both measures have their roles . 
  gdp per capita measures quality of life ( more or less ) . 
  gdp measures national economic clout . 
  a nation with a high gdp per capita but low gdp is n't going to be able to throw its weight around in international diplomacy , for example . 
  this is why i always think gdp per capita should be expressed in ppp ( because you 're aiming to measure quality of life and therefore domestic prices are relevant ) but when comparing gdp on the national scale it should be nominal ( because when considering a nation 's economic influence on international markets , domestic prices are less relevant ) . 
  there are plenty of agricultural subsidies within the eu too . 
  uncertainty causes economic shocks as investment dries up , credit is tightened and hiring decisions are postponed . 
  likely the stock market and pound will also fall dramatically on a `` leave '' vote . 
  temporary economic shocks , if big enough , cause long term economic problems - consider how the temporary shock of the financial crisis is still weighing on the british economy . 
  combine the lingering effects of that shock with the structural changes ( to trade and the labour market ) when the uk leaves in 2 years and you have a recipe for long term economic crisis . 
  so what word exactly do you want to be replaced with what , and for what reason ? 
  because `` appropriate '' does not mean `` equivalent '' . 
  something can be appropriate without being equivalent . 
  but more relevant is the fact that it 's a legal judgment and uses legal terminology . 
  adequate in legal terminology is well understood . 
  the word `` equivalent '' would not be more precise . 
  it would be misleading . 
  because the meaning is broader than `` it does not have to match '' . 
  saying the consideration need not be adequate also means it need not be anywhere near the same value . 
  a lot of these seem to be influenced by legal terminology . 
  in english law , an agent * is * an entity 's representative , as in the `` us '' version . 
  similarly , in law `` adequate '' is often used to mean `` appropriate '' , e.g. 
  the contract law maxim `` consideration must be sufficient but need not be adequate '' ( which means that when you make a contract each side must offer something that has value , but the values do not have to be equivalent ) . 
  another example is speaking of actions in the plural in reference to multiple legal actions ( i.e. 
  cases ) . 
  so they are mostly correct british english . 
  it 's just they 're drawn from a specialised section of british english rather than the most common use . 
  uk gdp per capita is higher than germany 's and france 's : united kingdom $ 43,771 germany $ 40,997 france $ 37,675 it 's when you adjust for prices to get the ppp figure that we drop down : germany $ 46,893 france $ 41,181 united kingdom $ 41,159 imf figures . 
  mostly it 's the cost of housing . 
  in london the average rent is now at around 60 % of the average ( pre-tax ) income . 
  i mean , `` british '' still would n't cover all the others . 
  it does n't even cover all of the uk . 
  people in the uk have a lot of money but everything is expensive so quality of life is lower than the income level would suggest . 
  the gulf between the uk 's nominal and ppp gdp per capita is always rather depressing . 
  but at least we can feel rich when we travel to other countries . 
  only 7 % of the uk 's land is built on : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-18623096, 
  this is a complete misunderstanding of the way international trade works . 
  you do n't need to be a member of the eu to trade with eu member states . 
  the imposition of tariffs at wto levels would no doubt harm uk trade , but the idea that all the trade would suddenly halt is absurd . 
  it would affect trade at the margins , but the vast majority would continue , at least in the medium term . 
  if this was not the case , us firms would not be able to sell products and services to eu countries . 
  but they do so on a massive scale . 
   besides the only reason nissan is in the uk was to have access to the eu 's market . 
  they 'll just move out . 
  well , that and the fact that their manufacturing plant in sunderland is their most efficient factory in the world . 
  argentinian debt took the form of issued financial instruments which were stated to be subject to the law and jurisdiction of new york state . 
  they were contractual obligations and a matter of private law . 
  this is a completely different situation to eu membership and the obligations that arise as a result . 
  the eu is n't the uk 's creditor - they have n't loaned the uk any money which the uk is failing to pay back . 
  obligation to pay membership fees of an intergovernmental club you 're not a part of is essentially a political matter , not a default on a contractual obligation to pay . 
   i dont know if for example the pensions of british staff would just go unpaid or whether the eu would pick up the bill ( i guess it would be the latter as i dont think the eu would leave the staff high and dry like the uk seems to want to do ) the eu would not have the option to leave them high and dry . 
  contractually the eu is their employer . 
  legally the eu is bound to live up to their side of the contract and their employees could sue them if they do n't . 
  that 's not a vague matter of law at all - it 's simple contract law ( likely governed by the law of belgium ) . 
  what the eu is trying to do with the pensions is get the uk to agree to take over the eu 's legal obligations with respect to british eu employees . 
  they have plenty of political carrots and sticks to use to persuade britain to do so , but they are political , not legal . 
  more like : you discuss with your friends going out for steak in a few days . 
  you decide you do n't want to go out for steak after all , and tell your friends days in advance that you wo n't be coming . 
  your friends ask you to pay for the steak you would have ordered if you had gone , even though you are n't going and wo n't be getting any steak . 
  your friends expect you to agree to subsidise their steak in exchange for nothing . 
  the only ridiculous thing is the idea that non-members of an organisation are bound to pay membership fees . 
  especially when those fees are not contained in any kind of binding contract but rather are simply a matter of the club rules , which only apply to members of the club . 
   the uk government 's lawyers recently claimed that their stance on denying a parliamentary vote on brexit was legally sound . 
  and when they lost that case in court , they claimed that their appeal to the supreme court was legally sound . 
  we all know how that ended . 
  i would n't put much faith in those lawyers .
