  this prevents the bank from being able to leverage its capital on a pan-european scale . 
  and scale matters : barclays is massively shrinking its investment banking arm because it lacks the scale to compete with us banks in the new regulatory environment which cuts down on profitability . 
  deutsche bank is doing the same . 
  barclays and deutsche bank used to be europe 's champions in the global financial services industry , but they 're now pulling out to leave it almost entirely to the big boys from wall street . 
  the separate regulation also increases costs and is against the ideal of a single market . 
  it 'll either be a german subsidiary of barclays , or a british account and you just happen to be in germany . 
  stuff like pan-european banks , etc. 
  santander is the closest , but it 's a subsidiary , not the same company . 
  you can buy a bmw in britain , but you ca n't open a barclays account in germany . 
  consolidation of the european financial services sector would give financial institutions the size to compete with us ones . 
  but it would likely mean british domination of the industry , so much of europe resists it . 
  ca n't the quality of their work be retained though ? 
  one imagines the quality stems largely from the calibre of the civil service , rather than the commissioners . 
  primarily , i think it 's manifestos argued for and against by individual politicians , reported in the media , that will increase awareness . 
  giving parliament more power is a means towards this end , as well as satisfying democratic principle . 
  the eu does have considerable powers to legislate , but at the moment it comes in dribs and drabs , with each measure largely independent of the others . 
  once people see a legislative agenda all put together in a manifesto like a shopping list , unified by a common position ( i.e. 
  left-centrist-right wing ) , they will see the ways in which their interests are affected . 
  that will lead to them taking a side for this politician or that politician , and thus a political culture is born . 
   a lot of bureaucracy will naturally go away , eu will primarily focus on making the market work most of the bureaucracy that exists is there to make the single market work xd, 
   because it 's vague and has no real meaning it actually forms the basis of a lot of decisions by the ecj . 
  for example , their decision to extend the status of `` worker '' to jobseekers in antonissen was entirely based on the fact that the eu has a purpose , and that purpose is greater integration , and giving jobseekers freedom of movement and residence rights would enhance integration . 
  there was no legal basis of their decision , they just said the end result was desirous given the aim of the eu . 
  remove the aim of perpetual integration from the eu treaties and suddenly the entire basis of eu law changes . 
  i also think you 're overestimating the chances of treaty change referenda passing . 
  also , consensus is n't the same as unanimity : if juncker had been subject to the same voting requirements as treaty change , he would n't have become commission president . 
  you mean get rid of the unelected commissioners ( equivalent of government ministers , responsible for a department 's portfolio ) , or get rid of the unelected commission ( the eu civil service ) ? 
  no chance lol . 
  ever greater political union is part of the preamble of the treaty on the european union . 
  it would require unanimous agreement in the european council to change it . 
  that 's almost impossible : nothing is unanimous these days . 
  and once treaty change was on the table , every single member state would be wanting to put their pet project on the table -- it would n't just be britain . 
  further , in many nations , treaty change has to go to referendum . 
  chances are , in at least one it would be rejected . 
  it 's going to be decades before the eu is able to change any of its treaties . 
  the political climate at the moment is completely against it , even positive reform . 
  too much horse trading involved . 
  i think both of these are expecting too much all at once . 
  i think the changes i propose would , over the course of around a decade , naturally result in your objections disappearing . 
  stronger party politics , greater awareness of pan-european politics and meps etc would be the natural result of giving parliament the power to set the legislative agenda . 
  parties and coalitions form of their own inclination when there is competition for the power to set the agenda . 
  leaders arise out of those parties as figureheads , those leaders become the primary point of contact for the press and the people at large ; they become the embodiment of their party 's policies . 
  having such an embodiment boosts engagement , allows debate , and raises awareness of the distinct policy positions of european political parties . 
  i think these developments would occur very rapidly -- over the lifetime of two parliaments . 
  regarding foreign policy , i agree , but we 're simply not there yet . 
  the eu can not continue to impose rules on people that do not have a democratic basis . 
  that is why empowering parliament is so crucial to continuing the european project in a legitimate way . 
  hopefully , over time , the increase in a european political culture resulting from the change in parliament will lead to calls for a treaty change moving foreign policy from unanimity to qualified majority . 
   the reason for a joint military is to cut down on costs and increase efficiency , primarily , but also to make the eu appear much stronger and more difficult to threaten . 
  rather than have several main battle tanks and helicopter designs and such , consolidate the eu military market into one whole , cutting wasteful spending . 
  i agree with this in principle , as i do with most of your military stuff , but there remains a significant problem . 
  i think the greatest barrier to military unification is not loss of sovereignty , but rather procurement . 
  military hardware is big business and creates a lot of jobs . 
  what company based in what member state wins the contract is going to be a big deal , and hard to reach political balance on . 
  with that in mind , i think the focus initially should be on aligning procurement rather than unification of hierarchical control . 
  many of the gains of standardisation ( reduction of wasted r&d in duplicate technology , economies of scale for contractors who are building one model for all europe ) can be made by adopting common military technology and hardware . 
  once that is aligned , then you can start thing about merging capabilities , achieving the final gain of unified military : loss of redundant capabilities . 
  the first step of merging procurement would be more multilateral projects like eurofighter ( only less shit ) , so that eu member states were all buying the same stuff . 
  once that 's in place and we 've converged a lot more in hardware terms , we can start thinking about complete coordination and standardisation from the top down . 
   so essentially you want to get rid of the system that one member can hinder the decisionmaking process of the whole eu . 
  this is already the case though . 
  the ordinary legislative process involves , typically , legislation proposed by the commission , approved by parliament , then approved by the council . 
  ( parliament and the council can also amend , but that gets complex quickly ) . 
  the council is where the member state interests are . 
  the commission is independent and pan-european in focus , and parliament works by simple majority so many states can be unhappy without being able to block the measure . 
  the council approves the measure by qualified majority voting , where each member state has a certain number of votes based on their population ( but with twisted weighting to favour smaller states ) . 
  you need 260/352 votes for the measure to be approved , so its perfectly possible for a measure to be adopted with several in objection . 
  my system retains this balance . 
  the council still has to approve legislation for it to become law , and still does it by qmv . 
  states ' ability to hinder legislation is not reduced . 
  the major difference is that parliament is now in greater control of the executive ( whereas presently the european council dictates its direction via selection of the president ) so has more ability to determine the content of legislation as well as the general legislative agenda . 
  the council loses its ability to amend legislation , but it keeps its ability to deny it . 
  the veto would be absolute : if the council rejects the law , it does n't become law , simple as . 
  competencies would remain as they are e.g. 
  tax , social security , common foreign policy stuff would still require unanimity in the council , not qmv . 
  though the long term aim would be to reduce that over time . 
   i have a bit of a problem with the fact that you name the council the `` guardian of the constitution '' . 
  well , maybe that is because of me being german , but should the guarding duty not be up to the ecj ? 
  i meant `` guardian '' more in terms of determining its content whenever it needs to be changed , as the european council does now , rather than determining its interpretation , which would indeed be the ecj 's role . 
  as i see it , the eu has to balance three factors : - democratic representation - state interests/sovereignty - progression of the european project that last one is unique to the eu . 
  other federations , like the us , do n't have a purpose or goal . 
  the eu does : to enhance peace , prosperity , security , culture and social harmony across europe as a whole . 
  this recognises that the eu is a * process * , not something fixed . 
  the eu is * supposed * to change , because the european project is nowhere near complete . 
  now , democratic representation is currently the european parliament , but it lacks teeth . 
  it can not propose legislation , and does n't have much to do with the executive . 
  if the eu project is to proceed , the european population must be more engaged with pan-european politics , and that means empowering the parliament . 
  another problem is the complexity of the eu . 
  that can be cut down significantly . 
  for example , the european council and council of ministers both exist to represent state interests . 
  that 's unnecessary . 
  the third problem is the remote , technocratic nature of the commission which makes many feel like it 's alien . 
  i would resolve these issues as follows : - the composition of the eu parliament remains the same ( proportional representation with degressive proportionality to protect small states ) . 
  however , its powers and relationship with the commission is changed . 
  from now on , the parliament will follow the westminster system . 
  the president of the commission , and therefore the head of the executive , will be the leader of the party/coalition with a majority in parliament . 
  this president selects commissioners and proposes legislation to parliament . 
  parliament also has the power to introduce its own legislation ( i.e. 
  private members ' bills ) . 
  parliament becomes the central institution of the eu and the origin of legislation .
