  you do n't get to call the uk anti-eu , oppose an expansion of the eu which the uk supported , and call yourself pro-eu in the same breath . 
   sure it does have large net contributions , there is no disputing that . 
  but they are less than they should be , thanks to the rebate , and as you know most of the money goes back to the countries anyways . 
  lots of the money goes back to the country , but that 's why i said `` net contribution '' . 
  as for the rebate , it only exists because of another policy that should n't exist ( the cap ) . 
  the cap is largely an abuse of the eu process to subsidise france . 
  as it was created for the national interest of one member state , getting a rebate for the amounts due under it is in the same spirit as the policy itself . 
  it 's bad faith to enter into a joint project with someone under the pretence that you will all have a say in the project , then completely dismiss one member 's ideas out of hand as illegitimate without even engaging with them . 
  also , re : editing , have made a second reply to reply to your edit . 
   just because hill is the financial services commissioner does n't mean that the uk is alone on financial services you 're right , it does n't . 
  what makes the uk alone on financial services is the fact that all the other member states are resisting lord hill 's ideas . 
  wolfgang sch\u00e4uble and michel sapin , finance ministers of germany and france , wrote to lord hill on the subject and ( in euphemistic yet clear language ) essentially put a brake on any real progress . 
   but is dragging its feet on the rest what rest ? 
  the single market on free movement of labour and goods is all but complete . 
  it 's completely right that the eu should be focusing all its energies on the single market for services and capital until they have caught up . 
  the four freedoms are the fundamental basis of the eu and they must be the eu 's priority . 
  it 's only `` slowing us down '' if you think that the uk is wrong . 
  otherwise the uk is speeding us up - towards economic and cultural union . 
  so the `` slowing us down '' line depends on the idea that dissent within the eu is illegitimate and that there can not be a variety of opinions over the correct direction of the eu . 
  not only is such a position massively anti-democratic ( the correct direction of the eu is whatever the people of the eu decide via the mechanisms designed for that purpose ) it 's also in bad faith . 
  i would n't . 
  i think the uk wants a different * type * of integration to the rest - ever closer economic and cultural union , rather than ever more governmental union . 
  the easiest way for the uk 's opponents to argue against that is just to use rhetoric that makes it seem that the uk is completely against integration . 
  it 's a common tactic : instead of engaging your opponent on substance , try to make it seem like they have no position . 
  meanwhile , france gets away with doing nothing to move along integration of services and capital without anyone calling it anti-integration . 
  the uk contributes plenty to the eu . 
  - wrote the single european act which , among other things , made the single market a reality and established qualified majority voting . 
  - was the biggest supporter of the 2004 expansion , with the uk , ireland and sweden the only three countries that did not negotiate opt-outs to free movement of labour from the newly joined eastern european member states . 
  - significant net budget contributions . 
  - the only large member state really pushing for completion of the single market ( via lord hill , the british commissioner for financial services ) . 
  free movement of services and capital are legally equal to free movement of labour and goods , and yet france and germany are doing everything they can to slow down integration in this area . 
  what `` the uk is slowing down the eu '' generally means is `` i disagree with the uk on what eu policy should be but i do n't want to engage in substantive argument about it , so i 'll just dismiss the uk 's position as illegitimate using emotive rhetoric '' . 
  finally , let 's not forget that it was a french referendum that killed the eu constitution . 
  well , until june at least . 
  the most important thing to remember is that when people ask these questions , they 're not actually looking for an answer . 
  we 're already inundated with news about the us election . 
  so when a european asks you about trump , they 're just using it as a vehicle to mock america . 
  the usa spent $ 8745 per capita on healthcare in 2012 . 
  the uk spent $ 3289 per capita , germany spent $ 4811 . 
  it 's not military spending that 's preventing the us from having universal healthcare , it 's bad policy . 
  as for pushing back russian influence : since wwii the european states have had less interest than the usa in geopolitical hegemony . 
  we do n't really gain much from pissing russia off just to make poor ex-russian satellite states slightly more democratic . 
  they are there because they are in america 's geopolitical interest . 
  it 's not about defence , it 's about ( trying to ) push russian influence out of areas that were once within their sphere of influence . 
  haha , i did use to enjoy telling them about november 5th , though never thought to call it our independence day . 
  it was more in the context of guy fawkes than the glorious revolution . 
  the funny thing about guy fawkes day is that you never really realise how macabre it is until you have to explain it to someone who has never heard of it . 
  `` so yeah hundreds of years ago we brutally executed a catholic traitor by [ explanation of hanged , drawn and quartered ] . 
  so now we celebrate this every year by having our young children make models of him and re-execute his effigy . 
  yeah . '', 
  used to teach english in south america . 
  a common question my students would ask me was `` when is britain 's independence day ? '', 
  never really figured out how to respond . 
  so ... what you 're saying is that terrorism fuels economic growth ? 
   it 's rare to start before 8 or finish after 6 maybe in the public sector :p, 
  but austrian culture !, 
  also pretty borders . 
  not a big fan of this austria 's strategy . 
  conquering salzburg and taking some provinces off venice should be their first move . 
  easy development gains while they wait for pu with hungary and burgundian inheritance . 
  there 's a difference between stating an opinion and encouraging people to commit crimes . 
  except the attackers are largely home grown . 
  for example , one of the paris attackers was born in france to liberal parents - his own mother ran a feminist organisation , for god 's sake . 
  radicals are n't entering europe from outside europe . 
  nor are they getting their radical views from their well-integrated parents . 
  they 're being radicalised within europe via the internet , social networks and dodgy mosques . 
  in britain , the majority of women wearing veils are n't immigrants . 
  they 're born here and their mothers do n't wear veils . 
  changing immigration rules is n't going to change that . 
  not sure what you 're basing this on . 
  the romans had unparalleled infrastructure for the era ( roads , aqueducts , sewers , plumbing ) and a legal system from which much of europe 's law still derives . 
  trade flourished under the stability of roman rule . 
   do n't know why every brit needs to `` insert british skepticism perspective about the eu '' in every single eu thread . 
  because being the voice of reason puncturing people 's dreams may not be popular , but it is necessary . 
  a single european intelligence agency is just not possible at the eu 's current level of integration . 
  it 's pretty much the last thing that would come on the way to a federal state . 
  this is because an intelligence agency can only function within a legal framework , and the contents of that legal framework go to fundamental issues about the rights of citizens , the powers of the state , and national security . 
  that means constitutional matters and military matters : the two things which most fundamentally connect to a nation 's sovereignty . 
  national security and constitutional law will be the last things over which the eu gains authority . 
  this is n't just a british perspective . 
  the german constitutional court has always maintained that the german constitution ( the basic law ) has higher legal authority within germany than eu law . 
  the idea that the eu would be able to agree to a common legal framework for a single intelligence agency is insane - we ca n't even agree on the correct conduct of our current intelligence agencies , never mind a shared one . 
  not shown : border changes . 
  maybe it 's because i do n't use twitter , but i 've never witnessed any of this `` standard '' response . 
  they 've kinda been choosing both . 
  america spends twice as much per capital on healthcare than any european nation . 
  it 's only shitty policies that prevent the us from having a european style universal healthcare system . 
  well , kinda . 
  we begrudgingly do the bare minimum required of us and still find ways to cut our commitments . 
  brief illustrative anecdote : all the tomatoes i 've come across in the americas are much larger than those in europe , yet have significantly less flavour . 
  this is because they 've been selectively bred for size , but what is happening there is that you 're just increasing their water weight . 
  end result is a less intense tomato flavour as it 's effectively watered down . 
  the biggest surprise was seeing people wearing it all around buenos aires . 
  investment typically refers to capital expenditure as opposed to current , or operational , expenditure . 
  one-off payments that permanently expand capacity . 
  i 'm not sure if these figures include uk national insurance , which is basically tax ( it all goes into the same pool of money ) . 
  wait , what are all those lights in the north sea ? 
  the most obvious would be climate change denial . 
  a more complex one would be immigration , where it 's common to appeal to `` common sense '' with phrases like `` we 're just full up '' instead of paying attention to the actual economics , demographics or geography of migration and population . 
  do n't you see ?
