  let 's not be overly dramatic . 
  the uk leaving the eu would carry more disadvantages than advantages , but it 's far from economic suicide . 
  plenty of world economies do perfectly well without being part of a bloc of free movement of goods , labour and capital . 
  the uk is a large , advanced and diversified economy with strong monetary institutions . 
  it would do just fine outside of the eea . 
  i think phrasing the issue in economic terms is a mistake . 
  while i take a rather pragmatic view about it , the majority of the british people do not see the issue as one of balancing the costs and benefits . 
  they consider it a matter of principle , identity and sovereignty . 
  it 's not a bluff . 
  a large number of british people have fundamental problems with the idea of britain ceding increasing amounts of power to foreign ( and frequently hostile ) politicians . 
  there 's a very real fear that european bureaucrats do not have the best interests of britain in mind - quite the opposite , in fact . 
  many suspect brussels of having an active interest in sabotaging britain . 
  finally , i do n't think anyone is suggesting the expulsion of past immigrants . 
  the level of tribal politics displayed in this thread is exactly the reason why europe is n't yet ready for further integration . 
  a union of nations can only work if those nations consider the union as more fundamental than policy . 
  until europeans recognise that differing opinions about the direction and laws of the eu are valid , there can be no united europe . 
  an attitude of `` agree with us on policy or leave the union '' is fundamentally incompatible with a union . 
  this attitude prevents further european integration far more than any opposition to particular policies . 
  imagine if a us state seceded every time it disagreed with the federal government . 
  the usa would have lasted decades at best . 
  the rhetoric that britain is `` holding back '' the eu is a clever strategy , but falls down under analysis . 
  the uk does plenty to try to develop the eu -- lord hill 's attempts at creating a european capital markets ' union for example . 
  what `` britain holding back the eu '' means in reality is `` britain does n't agree with our specific policies '' . 
  the rhetoric presumes that there is some natural state for the eu to be in -- which is conveniently the french establishment 's idea of what the eu should be -- and that britain is blocking this natural development . 
  this is not the case . 
  there is no natural destination for the eu , just the destination that europe carves for itself by democratic process which involves all of europe . 
  the eu has to learn to tolerate fundamental disagreements between its constituent parts if it ever wants to be a real union . 
  remarks like this also rather misrepresent the level of euroscepticism within france and other parts of continental europe . 
  let us not forget that it was a french referendum that killed the proposed eu constitution . 
   are you implying that european leadership should tailor the things they do or say according to the effect it has on the british electorate ? 
  is n't that the aim of an integrated europe ? 
  i think it 's both amusing and rather telling that apparently my mental representation of england 's voice has an american accent . 
  for some reason i read england in the voice of sterling archer . 
  in anticipation of the most obvious counter-argument : stipulating a definition of nationalism and finding a person who believes that version of nationalism does not mean that the definition itself is true . 
  rather what you have done is stipulate a type and found a token of that type . 
  but that does n't mean that the type itself is a natural kind i.e. 
  something that has correspondence with the world like atoms or evolution . 
  you ca n't go into the world and discover the meaning of nationalism . 
  you can only create an arbitrary meaning for nationalism and then find things that fit the description . 
  the type-token relationship is not the same thing as a truth relationship . 
  it 's merely an act of description using a formal ( and arbitrary ) system of description . 
   most are unaware that any such thing as civic nationalism exists . 
  no form of nationalism `` exists '' . 
  all types of nationalism are formal conceptual structures of stipulated definitions and concepts . 
  the idea of truth or correspondence with the world does not apply . 
  no one idea of nationalism is more `` correct '' than any other . 
  they 're just different definitions . 
  that the common use definition of nationalism is different to your favourite academic pet project does not make the common use incorrect , nor does it make the people who use it misinformed . 
  what you 're doing is the equivalent of saying that people talking about euclidean geometry are wrong because they 're not aware that riemannian geometry exists . 
   are you for real ? 
  what was the point of my original comment , if i was n't indicating that ? 
  as described above , to imply that people are nationalists in the common meaning sense of the term by sneakily showing that they 're nationalists under another definition and trying to obscure the distinction . 
  the meaning of a word is its common usage . 
  the meaning of `` nationalism '' is not like the meaning of `` mass '' . 
  there 's no physical reality that makes the term true or false . 
  people can not be misinformed as to the meaning of `` nationalism '' if they are using it in the way that is accepted in normal conversation . 
  the only real sense in which people can be misinformed while using the term in accordance with common use if they inappropriately use the common meaning in a context that is supposed to be more precise e.g. 
  academia . 
  within an academic context people can discuss concepts in more precise ways using stipulated definitions , where the act of stipulation and the formal academic context make it clear that the discussion is divorced from the common usage . 
  that context does not exist in a reddit thread , nor did you make any explicit indications that you were engaging in that kind of discussion . 
  as such , as i said above , you 're engaging in an academic debate divorced from common use but at the same time are seeking to imply that your considerations have an impact on the status of that common use ( i.e. 
  people using the term that way are `` wrong '' ) . 
  that is the fallacy of equivocation . 
  the point is that , as you well know , the definition of `` nationalist '' that you are using is completely divorced from the common use of the term . 
  by saying everyone is a nationalist but not making it clear that you 're talking about a different concept from the common understanding , you 're deliberately creating an ambiguity . 
  `` everyone is a nationalist '' using the broad definition is true but trivial . 
  your post would be pointless . 
  `` everyone is a nationalist '' using the common definition is false but would be non-trivial if true . 
  you 're employing the ambiguity between the two terms to try to say that it 's true that everyone is a nationalist ( under the broad definition ) and then implying non-triviality by failing to clarify that you 're not talking about the common meaning of `` nationalist '' . 
  you 're not getting downvoted for controversy , you 're getting downvoted for logical fallacy . 
  where a word has multiple definitions , and you use an argument that switches between the definitions but treats them as still the same concept , you have committed the fallacy of equivocation . 
  on a broad definition of `` nationalism '' , yes , everyone who supports a nation state is a nationalist . 
  you can basically stipulate whatever definition you like for any term . 
  but you can not then use this to say that everyone is a nationalist in the common understanding of the term . 
  the word is the same but you 've switched to a different concept . 
  i disagree , quantity ideas is probably the only idea group i take every single game . 
  the manpower boost alone makes it worth it . 
  i wonder if the british figure is inflated by involvement in us projects of extremely high value like the f-35 . 
  uk manufacturing sector is around 10 % of the economy , which is around the same proportion as france and the usa . 
   finally . 
  just because you 're a tech company does n't mean you can be a tax cheat . 
  that 's not what this was about . 
  the case was n't one against apple for breaking tax rules . 
  the case was against ireland for giving apple tax breaks that broke eu state aid rules . 
  apple followed the rules , it 's ireland that is being punished here . 
  it just so happens to have a negative effect on apple too . 
  you misunderstand the positions of the uk and eu in this matter . 
  the controversial two of the four freedoms are free movement of people and services . 
  the uk wants free movement of services and does n't want free movement of people . 
  the eu wants the uk to take free movement of people and is willing to use denial of free movement of services as a bargaining chip . 
  movement of goods is somewhat separate from this equation . 
  why ? 
  because the eu ( and especially germany ) wants continued free movement of goods just as much as the uk does , if not more so . 
  80 % of the uk 's economy is in services so free movement of goods is irrelevant for the majority of uk economic activity . 
  when both sides want it equally , you do n't have a strong negotiating position . 
  withholding it is just as bad for the eu as it is for the uk . 
  if the eu , during negotiations , threatened to withhold free movement of goods , the uk would just say `` ok '' . 
  the threat would be completely ineffective . 
  if the only reason to stay in the eu is that you 're fucked if you leave , the eu is already doomed . 
  there are some arrangements that are economically mutually beneficial to all parties .
