  i have believed for some time that enlargement of the union was not the big historic opportunity that was claimed , but a historic mistake . 
  enlargement has added to europe 's divisions and made the eu dysfunctional . 
   i therefore see fragmentation and rupture not as threats to be avoided but as opportunities to be grasped . 
  my expectation for 2016 is that we will see more rupture . 
  my hope is that it will be wisely managed . 
  every thread that is n't pro-unlimited-migration gets labelled as misleading . 
  it 's always possible to find some problem with a headline as lacking in detail because of its nature as a headline , but obviously the sub has gone a bit overboard with it , especially with regards to how selective it is over which threads are labelled misleading . 
  seems to be the compromise position they 've reached after the spectacular failure of the migration megathreads . 
   he 's quite possibly illiterate in his own language , he 's unlikely to speak much if any english , he probably has no useful skills for life in the uk in the 21st century . 
  so what you 're saying is that he 'll be competitive in the uk labour market . 
  well , a person on welfare costs less than a person in prison , so we 'll call that a win . 
  ( obviously the assumption that he will never work is also kinda absurd ), 
  talk to me once every eu member state is spending its nato-required 2 % of gdp on defence . 
  honestly i think there are just far too many problems for a united eu military any time before , say , 2100 . 
  it would require a complete cultural change where the people of europe were willing to essentially give up national sovereignty , because a unified military would require a unified command structure answerable to a single executive body which made decisions about when and where the military would be deployed . 
  and once you 've got that you 've basically got an federal europe . 
  this is something that eurocrats just have to get their heads around : the people of europe are not yet ready to give up the idea of national sovereignty , and it 's a mistake to try to force it early . 
  it 's going to take many decades of further migration and economic integration to develop a the single european identity required for a single european state . 
  if europe wants to rake in many of the benefits of a single military before then , there 's a way to do it : much more enhanced cooperation on military r&d . at the moment the uk , france , italy , and germany tend to develop their own military capital separately . 
  the uk develops aircraft carriers , france develops aircraft carriers . 
  germany develops its own frigates , as do both the uk and france . 
  and so on . 
  there 's so much duplicated spending there which massively decreases efficiency compared to the us . 
  if the eu adopted a common procurement policy such that all european militaries were using the same standardised equipment , this would save a lot of r&d money ( which could then be spent on actually increasing capabilities i.e. 
  number of actual ships and planes ) . 
  it would also mean that once military integration began to happen , a set of common standards would already exist . 
  of course such a common procurement policy would be a complex thing to achieve , as military spending is also big business . 
  safeguards would have to be put in place to prevent certain member states using military spending as economic stimulus and trying to push their own national defence industries . 
  but these kinds of safeguards are realistically negotiable in the present , unlike a federal europe . 
  we did it on a small scale with the eurofighter , so it can be done again . 
  uk , france , italy were unable to sustain operations for more than a few weeks in libya before they had to ask the us for support . 
  why ? 
  we ran out of munitions . 
  european militaries , despite all the money spent on them , are simply incapable of waging an offensive war without us support . 
  even in the mediterranean . 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/nato-runs-short-on-some-munitions-in-libya/2011/04/15/af3o7eld_story.html http://www.nytimes.com/2011/09/04/sunday-review/what-libyas-lessons-mean-for-nato.html?_r=0, 
  military is generally considered hard power , not soft . 
  there 's also no guarantee that a common european military would mean a bigger military . 
  a good number of eu member states are borderline disarmed and they would have voting power over military decisions . 
  just because their defence spending starts going through the intermediary of the eu budget does not mean they 're going to suddenly want to spend more on defence . 
  those countries that do n't want to spend on defence will continue not wanting to spend on defence , and since under an eu military it would be a common policy , former big spenders like the uk and france would be dragged down to their level . 
  it should be noted that in the uk healthcare is a separate budget to welfare . 
  these numbers just do not add up at all . 
  the current budget of the department of work and pensions is # 151.6 billion . 
  giving every briton a guaranteed income of # 12,000 ( the absolute minimum needed to just about survive ) would cost # 780 billion . 
  that 's 40 % of the country 's gdp . 
  that would mean total government spending would account for 70 % of gdp * . 
  that 's completely unsustainable . 
  it would completely destroy the economy . 
  * ( government spending is already 40 % of gdp , so add the two figures together , minus the # 151bn of replaced welfare programs , which constitute 28 % of the government budget ), 
   of course , a ` diverse culture ' will obviously lead to more growth . 
  in what world ? 
  it 's code for growth of the working age population via immigration . 
  indeed . 
  first matter up for discussion : let 's give less money to poland . 
  we 've lost the french somewhere in purgatory , apparently . 
  i feel like this one works both from an english and scottish perspective xd scottish people will enjoy it because it depicts the scot as smart . 
  english people will enjoy it because it depicts the scot as treacherous . 
  ppp vs nominal is a tricky decision to make when so many transactions in the modern world are international . 
  in the end you just have to be aware of the limitations of each and take them as only providing an incomplete picture . 
  you should probably define the meaning of the term in the article 's introduction . 
   you have n't kept up with things i see . 
   spitzenkandidaten are now selected by the parties and the party winning the majority get 's their candidate selected by the council and then approved by the parliament . 
  this has happened last election because the parties threatened to veto it being done any other way . 
  this is wildly optimistic . 
  it has happened once where there was already wide consensus . 
  once the system has been tested by the parliament selecting a candidate the council considers unacceptable , * then * you get to say that it 's a strong democratic institution . 
  otherwise it 's just a rubber stamp . 
   this is a mix of `` i have n't been paying attention '' , `` it 's all to complicated for me '' , and `` if it has n't been around since queen victoria it 's probably not important '' . 
  it 's the reality of pan-european politics . 
  that certain interested individuals personally go out of their way to educate themselves does n't change this . 
  basically any member of / r/europe is by default going to be orders of magnitude better informed and more interested in european politics than the average european . 
  there just is n't any significant european political culture yet , and the current institutional set-up does not encourage its further development . 
  there are certain attempts to generate more of a european political narrative , such as the opening of politico.eu , but these are still baby steps compared to the robust national political cultures . 
   the head of the commission is decided by the largest majority in parliament , like the uk government . 
  i feel like this is a gross misrepresentation of affairs . 
  most obviously , the european parliament * approves * the president of the commission , they do n't select them . 
  the european council selects the candidate , which the parliament can approve or reject . 
  but there 's a much more fundamental difference which goes to the nature of european political culture . 
  the president of the commission , while approved by the parliament , is not a member of the parliament nor really involved in the parliamentary process . 
  they are a bureaucrat , not a politician . 
  further , even if the president were involved in the european parliament , there is no strong tradition of party politics there , no strong party identities , no vigorous debates which gain wide media attention and which have clearly defined sides which the european population are aware of and engage in two-way dialogue with . 
  without all that the european parliament lacks a true `` demos '' - it goes through the motions of a democracy without actually generating the benefits of a democracy . 
  the comparison to the uk is rather inappropriate . 
  a more apt comparison would be that of singapore - possessing democratic institutions and processes but without actually involving any real element of choice or accountability to the people . 
  i think these are both dodges to the call for specificity . 
  the former ( history of europe ) merely points out a correlation without identifying the mechanism ( s ) of causation . 
  further , the correlation is far from perfect . 
  there are plenty of nations with high quality of life without significant geopolitical power - switzerland , for example . 
  this is even more the case in the modern world . 
  indeed , it 's not at all clear that the historical correlation has much relevance to the modern world . 
  without specifying the mechanisms of causation and demonstrating that those particular mechanisms remain active in modern economic and political affairs , the historical correlation is insufficient to evidence the claim that geopolitical dominance is a prerequisite of prosperity in the modern world . 
  the latter ( imperialism ) is disingenuous , because in that case the mechanisms of causation are known and are not used by modern states . 
  the ways in which colonial states used their geopolitical power to generate prosperity for themselves are no longer used . 
  sticking our fingers in our ears and singing `` lalala '' is n't going to change what isis is . 
  this is n't about feelings and satisfaction , it 's about geopolitical reality . 
  if something acts like a state then it is a state , whether recognised diplomatically or not . 
  i highly recommend checking out fareed zakaria 's gps special - `` blindsided : how isis shook the world '' which outlines all the ways in which isis is more of a state than a terrorist group . 
  admitting the reality that isis exhibits state-like behaviour is not letting them win . 
  * allowing them to remain in control of their territory * is letting them win .
