  it was not the government 's lawyers who came to the view that an exit bill is not legally enforceable . 
  it was a committee of legal experts convened by the house of lords . 
  except this is n't a loan . 
  it 's an obligation predicated on membership . 
  prima facie it 's absurd to suggest that a non-member of the eu is bound by eu membership obligations because the eu says so . 
  there 's no legal basis for it . 
  it 's entirely possible that the uk will agree to pay some amount as an `` exit bill '' , but that 's a matter of political negotiation , not legal obligation . 
  unlike government debt or a bank loan , this is not a contractual promise to pay . 
  the eu is not the uk 's creditor and has not loaned the uk money . 
  the analogy with a default on government debt is wholly inappropriate . 
  eu obligations arise out of eu law , which ceases to apply to a country when they leave the eu . 
  the eu arguing that the uk has obligations under eu law after exit would be like the uk arguing that it has benefits under eu law after exit ( e.g. 
  arguing that we have financial services passporting after exit ) . 
  the whole point of exit is that all legal obligations and benefits terminate . 
  the only exceptions to that are those that are negotiated by political agreement during the article 50 process . 
  with regards to a trade deal , i personally consider it unlikely that the uk will be willing to pay 60bn euros in exchange for mere vague promises on a future fta , especially when the commission does n't even have the power to give any guarantees , since any future fta would be subject to member state ratification . 
  the uk was burned in 2005 by such an agreement ( to reform the cap , which never happened ) . 
  more likely the uk will agree in principle to an exit bill of some amount but not release the money until an fta is agreed . 
  they 're not british civil servants , they 're eu civil servants . 
  they are eu employees who just happen to be british . 
  contractually the eu is their employer and as such , legally , the eu is responsible for their employment benefits . 
  certainly the eu can provide incentives for the uk to willingly take over their contracts . 
  that 's what the whole article 50 negotiation is about . 
  but that 's exactly what it is : a negotiation . 
  it 's a political matter , not a legal one . 
   also , there is nothing left of it now . 
  now look at rome : the byzantine empire lasted until the 15th century , more than a millennia and that 's without taking into account the roman empire years . 
  this is largely the result of the pace of change in the world accelerating with the rise of industry and technology . 
  the accelerated rise and fall of large empires is hardly unique to britain in this period . 
  a lot of these are rather subjective . 
  i assume from your flair that you 're fairly pro-eu . 
  you may be interested to know , therefore , that the eu itself disapproves the use of the term `` anglo-saxon '' :  `` in english , the term ` anglo-saxon ' is generally used to describe ` a member of any of the west germanic tribes that settled in britain from the 5th century ad ' . 
  it follows that there is no such thing as an anglo-saxon country , an anglo-saxon agency or anglo-saxon capitalism . 
  furthermore , the anglo-saxon language ceased to exist in the 12th century . 
  this term is particularly inapplicable ( and , i gather , irritating for those concerned ) when used to describe the irish , scots and welsh , who partly base their national identities on not being anglo-saxons , and verges on the ridiculous when used to include west indians . '', 
  the schengen area was n't even an eu scheme originally . 
  the eu just adopted it . 
  it 's never really been established the extent to which the uk 's finance industry relies on passporting . 
  it 's the kind of thing it 's very hard to get stats on - the percentage of business that relies on passporting . 
  it could be high , it could be low . 
  we 'll find out in the next few years . 
  in any case , the likely result is n't the complete collapse of the finance industry but rather the creation of subsidiaries in the eu to continue the business . 
  if you were at all familiar with the area you would not consider it a wild claim . 
  before brexit derailed it , creating a capital markets union was one of the stated priorities of juncker 's presidency . 
  the fact that freedom of movement of capital does not exist within the eu is not a conspiracy theory , it 's a widely accepted fact . 
  here 's a basic guide to what the capital markets union would involve . 
  one is somewhat sceptical of the claim that freedom of services and capital are the most important for the uk economy . 
  it 's true that the uk economy is dominated by services , but it 's not clear at all how much of those depend on eu passporting . 
  the issue being that the eu does n't actually have free movement of services and capital at all . 
  for all that the eu talks about `` the four freedoms '' , at this stage it 's really still just the two freedoms - goods and people . 
  services and capital never really got off the ground ... a cynical person would say because it would benefit britain more than germany and france . 
  britain is an independent signatory of the wto , so we do have that treaty . 
  what we lack is an independent schedule of tariffs , which is distinct from membership . 
  not sure how any of that is relevant to my post though . 
  which is the whole point . 
  elements of the common market can be separated out from it and offered to countries as part of fta negotiations . 
  for example , tariff free movement of goods is a part of the common market , and is something that canada now has with the eu . 
  aka cherry picking . 
  edit : also , it 's arguable that the common market * is * an fta . 
  were the 4 freedoms actually true it would not be an fta , but the common market does not yet exist . 
  there remain huge non-tariff barriers which limit the movement of capital and services . 
  the eu has trade deals with a variety of non-eu countries that are the definition of `` cherry picking '' . 
  that 's what any fta is - free trade within certain limits in specified areas . 
  the current british thinking appears to be to offer `` one step short of freedom of movement for one step short of the single market '' . 
  the `` one step short '' of freedom of movement is a guaranteed work visa for any eu citizen with a job offer in the uk ( and vice versa ) . 
  the `` one step short '' of the single market is tariff-free access but no passporting or lowering of non-tariff barriers . 
   since the eu will not split its four freedoms , what do you expect as result ? 
  it 's not yet clear if that 's a negotiating position or not . 
  the fta with canada is essentially free movement of goods , so the eu has very recently split the 4 freedoms . 
  and of course the switzerland deal split the 4 freedoms , though that deal is unlikely to be replicated . 
  the point , however , is that you should n't believe everything the eu commission says . 
  just like the uk , they 're grandstanding for the crowd . 
  it 's not about the couple , it 's about the children . 
  prior to the separation of their parents they were raised in a religious manner . 
  the established case law is to minimise the disruption to the lives of the children and the judge was merely following the law as she is bound to do . 
  a higher court would be required to change the law . 
  it would be electoral suicide . 
  401 of 632 constituencies ( 63 % ) voted leave . 
   and because you are the one bailing out , you will take the bill on your way out . 
  under what authority ? 
  this is the point that you are continually missing . 
  the eu wants the uk to `` pick up the bill '' , yes . 
  but what method are they going to use to enforce it ? 
  none exists . 
  once the uk leaves the eu , the eu legal order ceases to have any power in the uk . 
  the ecj could rule that the uk owes the eu whatever amount they like , it does n't matter . 
  one state can not impose charges on another state . 
  and like i said above , since the money `` owed '' is not owed via debt instruments , it will not be considered a default by financial markets , so the uk will not face any negative consequences there . 
  the only way the eu is going to get any money off the uk is if they offer something in return . 
  that is why it 's so absurd to think that the uk will `` pick up the bill '' in a scenario where the eu gives nothing to the uk at all - no financial passporting , no deal in tariffs on goods , etc. 
  if the eu 's position is `` we 're not going to give you anything , but we want something from you '' then the uk has nothing to lose in denying it . 
  if the eu is intent upon a hard brexit , then it has no other sticks to threaten the uk with to get those 60 billion euros . 
  that is to say , it only has carrots left i.e. 
  it has to offer something other than hard brexit . 
  from a pure negotiation standpoint , the idea that britain will settle the 60 billion euro issue in advance of any trade deal is equally absurd . 
  you 're effectively asking the uk to give up its primary piece of leverage in exchange for vague promises which , based on precedent , can not be trusted . 
  the only way the eu is getting that money is via firm commitments . 
  see , now you 're coming around more to the position i originally espoused : the uk legally owes the eu nothing in a hard brexit scenario , but because the uk will want to avoid a hard brexit it is likely to negotiate a certain amount of continued payments into the eu budget in exchange for some kind of trade deal . 
  the key point here is that if the eu thinks it can ask for continued budget contributions in a hard brexit scenario , they 're delusional . 
  just as the uk is delusional if it thinks it can have continued membership of the single market without freedom of movement .
