  for these parties , reality is n't to be discovered in statistics and research . 
  it 's something you just know . 
  to be fair , labour never claimed to like the working class per se ... just that they represent working class interests . 
  oh , between the greece crisis , the migrant crisis , and issues with government in poland and hungary , i think the eu has plenty of internal differences to hold up integration without us . 
  it 's a bit of a fantasy to think that integration would proceed rapidly and easily without britain . 
  especially given that in some areas ( services and capital markets union , two of the four freedoms of the eu that everyone on the continent likes to ignore ) britain is the only significant voice calling for closer integration . 
  it 's funny how when britain drags its feet on integration that 's useful to france and germany , britain is holding back the eu , but when france and germany drag their feet on integration that 's useful to the uk , no one says a thing . 
  the idea of britain being the barrier between the eu and a federal european state is a scapegoat at its finest . 
  when one considers the middle east , `` unity '' is not a word that immediately springs to mind . 
  you ca n't keep growing forever , but we can keep growing for another century or so . 
  world population is predicted to peak at around 10 billion then start falling . 
  the planet has more than enough capacity to support that number of people , especially when you take growing technology into account . 
  and in the meantime , having a bigger population = a bigger economy = more influence in global affairs including trade negotiations , climate talks , etc. 
  as well as more money to spend on a military and the influence that allows . 
  unfortunately it 's not that simple . 
  the ecthr has a huge backlog of cases and it takes years for something to actually be heard by the court . 
  and even when they finally do issue a ruling against the state , generally what happens is the state redrafts the law to achieve something very similar only via a slightly different mechanism . 
  fortunately in the uk the echr is incorporated into domestic law meaning the domestic courts can declare an incompatibility with the human rights act . 
  it wo n't strike down the legislation , but it is a strong political incentive to amend the legislation to make it compatible . 
  that said , it 's unlikely that domestic courts or the echr would declare the snooper 's charter as incompatible . 
  both of them have a history of deference when it comes to national security , and the right to privacy is a qualified right ( most of the rights in the echr are not absolute ) . 
  it 's likely that the court will consider national security a legitimate aim and the measure proportionate for that aim . 
  your best bet is actually neither domestic courts nor the ecthr but rather the court of justice of the european union ( ecj ) , which has a more established track record of being strict with respect to privacy rights . 
  the uk is subject to ( most of ) the eu charter of fundamental rights , and even if it was n't , human rights are incorporated into eu law more generally via the doctrine of `` principles of law '' which effectively replicates the rights contained in the echr within eu law . 
  like the ecthr , the ecj employs a proportionality evaluation when considering whether a derogation to a right should be permitted , but it tends to be more sceptical of national security justifications . 
  `` why did they put the post-war picture first ? '', 
  presentism is a doctrine of historical methodology , not of philosophy . 
  that it 's bad practice to read present norms into the past when trying to write an accurate history does not make it illegitimate to make moral judgments about decisions made in the past . 
  whether or not you can do that essentially comes down to whether or not you believe in moral relativism . 
  lol , britain is n't any better off . 
  we spent a load of money building an aircraft carrier with enough tonnage to count as such in the eyes of americans ... and yet despite all that tonnage , due to poor choices it is n't going to operate with any more aircraft than the much smaller french carrier already does . 
  yeah , but they 're `` aircraft carriers '' . 
  in the us system they 'd be classed as amphibious assault ships in terms of tonnage and complement of aircraft . 
  absurdly expensive but : http://www.farfetch.com/, 
  except this is n't the government , it 's just one political party which has backed this policy for years already . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  not until , to be blunt , a large number of old people die off and attitudes change . 
  it 's a lot simpler than that . 
  it 's just supply and demand : food production is increasing and that reduces prices . 
  it says `` ever closer union '' , not `` ever closer political union '' . 
  it could easily refer to greater solidarity between the people of europe rather than the merge of states i.e. 
  cultural rather than political union . 
  now , we know the people who wrote it * intended * it to mean political union , but they did n't write that into the constitution . 
  their intention is not legally binding . 
  the figures are that of real wage growth i.e. 
  adjusted for inflation . 
  everyone is aware of the german economy 's strengths . 
  the purpose of the article is n't to give a balanced and comprehensive overview of the german economy in the manner of an encyclopaedia . 
  its purpose is to provide a counterpoint - to interrupt the circle jerk and point out that there are areas of concern . 
  regardless , i linked it not so much for the article as a whole and more for the paragraph on wages . 
  these protests are focusing on the wrong thing . 
  an anecdote : last week i came across a pot of satay sauce in lidl , imported from thailand . 
  was curious , bought it , made some chicken satay with it . 
  it was delicious . 
  i go back this week to buy some more and it 's gone . 
  rotated out of stock . 
  what do we want ? 
  imported satay sauce !, 
  when do we want it ? 
  now !, 
  in reply to your other comment in this thread : it has little to do with wages . 
  wage growth in the usa is consistently higher than in germany , where wages are famously static . 
  in the last 10 years , german annual wage growth has largely been in the range of 0-2 % , whereas in the us ( discounting the financial crash ) , it 's generally been between 2-6 % . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/wage-growth http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-states/wage-growth if there was any point to be made about wages , it 's that german low wage growth limits growth in domestic demand ( and accordingly demand for imports ) which boosts their current account surplus . 
  that 's a point made in [ this article ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/21552567 ) from the economist . 
  here 's a more in depth article about german stagnant wages and their implications . 
   yeah , it 's only the anti-eu british folk that try to say that `` ever closer union '' did n't mean that . 
  i 'm honestly against it , but it 's not really a problem : i wa n't born in the times when it will happen . 
  that 's not the argument they use . 
  they do n't deny that monnet , schuman et al considered `` ever closer union '' to mean political union . 
  what they deny is that the present eu should consider itself bound by the intentions of its architects . 
  there is no part of the eu constitution which necessitates political union or positions it as the eu 's natural end point . 
  the global economy is facing a slow-down , not a recession . 
  china , india and most western economies are all growing , it 's just that the rate at which they 're growing is falling . 
  it 's not really about redistribution . 
  germany 's government spending is much lower than the uk 's as a percentage of gdp : 45.4 % vs. 48.5 % respectively ( 2014 figures ) . 
  the primary force driving this is the uk 's property market . 
  by far the biggest problem here is the property market . 
  unemployment is low , real wages are rising and they 're rising the fastest for the poor . 
  but so long as the shortage of housing supply continues and prices keep rising much faster than incomes , inequality will continue to grow . 
  yet decisiveness can only be gained at the cost of self-determination . 
  the many and varied interests of different member states would n't disappear , they would merely be silenced . 
  if the only way to create a federal europe is by suppressing the will of specific member states in favour of other member states , how is this different from the centuries of european nations seeking to dominate the continent ? 
  i 'm all in favour of a federal europe , but we ca n't force it out of fear or geopolitical ambition . 
  the only way a federal europe can be successful , in my view , is if the people of europe lead the way . 
  it ca n't be the institutions of europe trying to drag the people along with them . 
  when a typical german cares as much about a greek as a fellow german , when an average brit cares as much about a frenchman as a fellow brit -- that is the day when europe can handle a federal state , and not before . 
  this makes a great soundbite but when you push the argument it 's hard to substantiate . 
  what , exactly , can a federal state do that a group of cooperating states of equal size can not ? 
  interesting thing : i never used to like the way spanish sounded . 
  i thought it was too `` flamboyant '' . 
  then i learnt to speak it and now i like it . 
  i wonder how much liking the sound of something is related to your level of exposure to it . 
  contempt of court ( or civil law equivalent ) seems most likely . 
  but it was significantly less true then than now . 
  in the early 1900s it was a premature declaration . 
  it is now the tertiary sector which is the source of wealth for european nations . 
  agriculture is now a minor part of the european economy . 
  natural resources are cheap and readily available on global markets , and increasingly imported from outside of europe . 
  there is no longer any significant material gain to be made from one western nation attempting to annex another .
