   ever closer union among the ** peoples ** of europe union between peoples , not states . 
  federalists like to interpret it as a union of states i.e. 
  a federal europe , but that is a significant extension on what is contained within the text . 
  it 's a project called `` gradualism '' pushed by early eurocrats and goes beyond what has actually been agreed in treaty . 
  the doctrine of gradualism means that the eu constantly pushes at the boundaries of the powers which it has been given . 
  this creates crises which can only be solved by the granting of more powers to the eu . 
  well , i should be clear that i do n't back that particular measure . 
  i 'm much more interested in the stuff relating to a two-speed europe and increased legal protection for the primacy of the single market . 
  that said , if the rest of the eu is going to drag its feet on freedom of capital , they do n't really get to complain if the uk drags its feet on freedom of labour . 
  because those things are optional extras , whereas capital markets union is a core objective of the eu which everyone purportedly signed up for when they joined . 
  freedom of labour exists across the eu , including the uk , with or without schengen . 
  freedom of capital does not exist across the eu without capital markets union . 
  `` ever closer union '' is a vague term . 
  it can refer to cultural union through programmes like erasmus as much as political union . 
  only a select group of early eurocrats and certain political commentators considered it to mean a federal europe . 
  further union was never specified to be further political union . 
  to fellow brits reading this thread : please remember that / r/europe is in no way representative of the actual europe . 
  as much as reading this thread makes you want to vote `` out '' , do n't let emotion cloud pragmatic judgement . 
  undeniably there were some people involved in the creation of the treaty of rome who had ulterior motives for what the treaty would lead to later . 
  but those motives were exactly that : ulterior . 
  they were not the explicit , nor even implicit , aims of the treaty . 
  the gradualist approach to integration is essentially one of trickery , fooling people into integration without realising it . 
  given this , i 'm not sure that it aids your argument : `` but some people who helped negotiate the treaty of rome * intended * to trick people into a level of integration that the treaty did not envisage ! '', 
  the explicit and agreed intentions of the treaty are what we should consider the treaty 's purpose to be , not the secret hopes of a select cadre of politicians and civil servants involved in the creation of the treaty . 
  for surely as much as there are federalist politicians who interpret the treaty of rome as the first step towards integration , there are as many others involved in the treaty who saw it merely as it was stated to be . 
   you are purposefully ignoring the spirit which the european union was built on . 
  this is outright intellectual dishonesty . 
  you mean a french attempt to limit german ability to wage war by controlling steel and coal production ? 
  or perhaps you mean an attempt to increase economic growth through free trade ? 
  it is the uk which is trying to keep the eu to its historical purposes and powers . 
  it 's the federalists who want to transform the eu into something different . 
  those who signed the treaty of rome would be rolling in their graves at the thought of a federal europe . 
  you do n't get to invoke their spirits in an argument for a federal state . 
  place of origin labels * are * on everything . 
  on top of that , certain names such as `` parmesan '' are legally protected designations of origin . 
  it 's one of the four fundamental freedoms of the eu : freedom of labour , goods , services , and capital . 
  creating a single market for these things is literally the stated purpose of the eu . 
  it 's striking that much of the eu seems to think it 's okay to hold back capital markets union , but any derogation to freedom of labour is considered blasphemous . 
  the two are of equal priority under eu law . 
  it rather betrays the true motives of those who claim to hold high ideals of european integration that they actually only support integration when it is in their own national interest . 
  this seems to be a strange way to view things . 
  two-speed europe enshrined in law seems to give the federalists what they want . 
  the problem of the eu is this : it 's a single market that many parts of europe want to turn into a political union . 
  however , it 's not fair to force political union on those who signed up for a single market only . 
  it 's * massive * mission creep . 
  this mission creep can not be justified by the `` ever closer union '' statement , because no one thought that meant federal europe at the time . 
  it meant a union in a more general sense : a solidarity between peoples , a common european identity to supplement national identities . 
  a two-speed europe seems to solve the problem elegantly . 
  those who signed up for a single market and nothing more get to remain part of the single market . 
  those who want to become part of a federal europe get to federalise . 
  all cameron is asking for is that the single market be put into law as higher in priority than federalisation . 
  given that the eu was created in order to create the single market , this seems entirely fair . 
  it 's literally the eu 's purpose . 
   slowing down the process for us all until europeans recognise that differing opinions about the direction and laws of the eu are valid , there can be no united europe . 
  an attitude of `` agree with us on policy or leave the union '' is fundamentally incompatible with a union . 
  this attitude prevents further european integration far more than any opposition to particular policies . 
  imagine if a us state seceded every time it disagreed with the federal government . 
  the usa would have lasted decades at best . 
  the rhetoric that britain is `` holding back '' the eu is a clever strategy , but falls down under analysis . 
  the uk does plenty to try to develop the eu -- lord hill 's attempts at creating a european capital markets ' union for example . 
  what `` britain holding back the eu '' means in reality is `` britain does n't agree with our specific policies '' . 
  the rhetoric presumes that there is some natural state for the eu to be in -- i.e. 
  it assumes movement towards a federal state is natural and inevitable -- and that britain is blocking this natural development . 
  this is not the case . 
  there is no natural destination for the eu , just the destination that europe carves for itself by democratic process which involves all of europe . 
  the eu has to learn to tolerate fundamental disagreements between its constituent parts if it ever wants to be a real union . 
  so long as britain is part of the eu , it is completely legitimate for it to fight for a different vision of what the eu should be . 
  remarks like this also rather misrepresent the level of euroscepticism within france and other parts of continental europe . 
  let us not forget that it was a french referendum that killed the proposed eu constitution . 
  surely has to be spanish flamenco dancers . 
  as seen in the [ music video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nusovldfqzg ) of enrique iglesias ' bailando ( though the dancers in the video are from the dominican republic ) . 
  i wish they had measured the uk too . 
  because we probably would have come in behind sweden . 
  i think you might have accidentally replied to the wrong thread . 
  that 's not what i was saying though . 
  i was n't making a point about the net benefit to the uk , or about the uk at all really . 
  i was saying that $ 15.85 bn/year is the benefit * to the eu 's budget * of the uk 's membership , in response to your comment :  because britain leaving the eu would do the exact same thing , so there is no benefit whatsoever for the eu . 
  clearly there is a benefit to the eu to keeping the uk a member . 
  who 's ignoring that ? 
  certainly not me . 
  your comment was from the reu perspective , not the uk one . 
  you asked what motive the reu could possibly have to want the uk to stay part of the eu . 
  the uk 's contribution to the eu budget is simply one such motive . 
  yes , the uk benefits from being part of the eu single market , just as the rest of the eu benefits from the uk being part of it . 
  that does n't really change the point about the eu budget though . 
   this is n't really true . 
  polling is mixed but there have been some recent polls saying that leave will win . 
  the fact that the polling is so mixed is also an indication that we should be somewhat sceptical about polling right now . 
  the polls are not within the margin of error of each other which indicates some systemic flaws . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_european_union_membership_referendum#opinion_polling 22 major polls , only three of which had an `` out '' victory . 
  i 'm not sure that this justifies the claim that polling is mixed . 
  except , you know , $ 15.85 bn/year . 
   this is already the position under the existing treaties , though there is no explicit statement . 
  presenting this as a victory is in my mind ridiculous . 
  i think it does need to be explicitly stated though . 
  there have been a few attempts already to pass rules which would discriminate against non-euro countries ( the most prominent being the ecb attempt to make euro clearing houses relocate from london to the eurozone ) , and while they 've all been struck down by the ecj , none of them have been struck down for the reason of being contrary to the principle of the single market . 
  instead they 've all been struck down for technical reasons such as being ultra vires . 
  that 's a worrying ( lack of ) precedent . 
  except every poll indicates that there will be a comfortable victory for the `` in '' vote . 
  what the author seems to underestimate is that brits are quite pragmatic in how they vote .
