  make a poll asking the french if they 'd be happy to be ruled by a brit or a german , see how the numbers pan out then . 
  the inevitable result of such a discussion is everyone saying `` no '' . 
  federalists are well aware of this , which is why we do n't have such a discussion . 
   so is it possible for man to waive a right to this child yes : http://imgur.com/0vimbzv, 
   this is n't the only reason , though . 
  the second is that after separations custody is almost always awarded to the mother , not the father , even if the mother is financially incapable of supporting a child . 
  obviously , a father who would have preferred an abortion is n't likely to want custody , but the system is n't designed around just that . 
  it 's not a legal rule that the mother is preferred , it 's simply that the mother is factually the superior guardian in most cases . 
  it 's usually the mother who has spent more time raising and caring for the kid . 
  in cases where the father is the more suitable guardian , the father gets custody . 
  either that or no one is willing to buy your debt :p, 
   and things like this are why the uk is just a puppet state of the us . 
  nothing of what you say after this has anything to do with the uk being a puppet state . 
  the uk and usa having similar positions on surveillance ( which they do n't ) does n't show the uk to be a us puppet state . 
  you might as well say that canada is a uk puppet because we have similar healthcare positions . 
  bubbles can come from any sector , not just finance . 
  tulip bulbs , websites , stock prices , real estate ... it just so happens that the last bubble was in financial instruments . 
  you should n't let the fact that it 's the most recent crisis fool you into thinking it 's the only crisis that can befall an economy . 
  any kind of imbalance in an economy is a potential crisis waiting to happen ... including germany 's over-reliance on exports . 
  no surprise that europe 's largest financial centre is also the place where it 's easiest to raise capital . 
  though actually , the uk 's performance in this area is shameful . 
  for the resources we have , we should be investing so much more , but our investors are more interested in playing around with advanced financial instruments than venture capital . 
  also , germany 's finance sector is pretty underdeveloped , relative to the rest of its economy . 
  `` northern europe '' tends to mean `` protestant europe '' . 
  here 's my mental classification system ... western = rich northern = protestant central = geographical term, 
  well , the terms are largely used as a mix of both . 
  i tend to consider it part of northern , western and central europe . 
  [ david cameron is a lizard ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2011/oct/16/charlie-brooker-cameron-a-lizard ) . 
  not metaphorically . 
  he 's literally a lizard . 
  an example would be the recent attempt by the ecb to make a rule saying that all euro clearing houses had to be based in the eurozone , in contravention of the single market . 
  currently the largest euro clearing houses are based in london and this rule would have resulted in them relocating to hamburg . 
  the ecj ruled that it was illegal , but the tendency to make such rules is concerning . 
  two speed is likely to result in the exit of those on the slower speed in the long run , however . 
  it 's inevitable that the more powerful `` fast track '' would use their powers to disadvantage the `` slow track '' so as to enrich themselves . 
  a large part of social benefits paid to the rich come in the form of pensions , which are being reformed . 
  surely this is an example of the [ historian 's fallacy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/historian%27s_fallacy ) , reading the present into the past . 
  clearly western philosophy , scientific thinking , democracy and economic freedoms do not inherently lead to the end of sexism , racism , etc. 
  the enlightenment was capable of coexisting with these things for centuries . 
  our modern discourse can not be read back into the historical enlightenment . 
  many of the greatest historical enlightenment thinkers held slaves , did not support rights for women , etc. 
  at the time , people did not think there was any contradiction between `` everyone is equal '' and slavery . 
  that 's a relatively modern invention ( and indeed , when slavery was abolished , it was largely done for religious reasons , not anything related to philosophy or science ) . 
  there is no such thing as `` access to the eurozone '' . 
  the eurozone is a currency union , not a separate market . 
  the only market in the eu is the single market , and the uk is part of that . 
  placing restrictions on british banks within the eu would be no different to limiting car exports from germany . 
  well , turkey ( and later greece and the balkans ) was arguably removed from europe by the fall of the byzantine empire . 
  was the ottoman empire part of europe ? 
  `` europe '' is n't exactly a `` natural '' continent , in terms of a distinct land mass . 
  it 's more of a cultural designation than a geographical one . 
  consider how , since the cold war , it 's increasingly common to refer to russia as not being part of europe , for example . 
  there is such a thing as selling , but yeah , in the commercial context it 's almost always long leases . 
  i take your point , but in this particular case , piraeus has been a significant port for millennia and has developed incrementally over that time . 
  a public good is typically one that would n't be provided by the private sector . 
  the government has to step in to fill the gap . 
  that is n't the case here -- there would still be a port without the government . 
  i doubt it will happen , but it would n't be unprecedented in recent history . 
  the us bought sovereign control over louisiana from france in 1803 and alaska from russia in 1867 . 
  you have to wonder why the greek government owns it in the first place . 
  it 's a commercial enterprise , and not a part of national public infrastructure like rail or energy , which can sometimes justify nationalisation . 
  it 's not like the government needs ownership to exert control , since they can do that via regulation . 
  i kinda feel this is rather overreaching ... the death penalty was n't abolished until the latter half of the 20th century , so i really do n't see how an event in the 1700s can be seen as its cause . 
  similarly , human rights really did n't begin in the 1700s ... none of these statements of the rights of man prevented the slave trade , for example . 
  i 'm not sure to what extent republicanism can be sold as intrinsically enlightened . 
  any ranking of european enlightenment would surely have sweden and denmark , both monarchies , near the top of the list . 
  and regardless , the french revolution was hardly the start of republicanism ... rome had been a republic thousands of years earlier , from which the united states took much influence , and the english civil war in the 1600s was the beginning of the end for european absolute monarchs . 
  the french revolution did n't prevent centuries of imperialism and wars . 
  i 'd point to wwii as the root cause of modern europe 's current dynamic . 
  i believe the 7 billion going to paying off arrears includes settling greece 's arrears with the imf . 
  in the write off situation , the imf does n't get paid back . 
  in the bailout situation , they do . 
  arguably . 
  the single market is not the eurozone . 
  you ca n't demand contribution to the latter as payment for access to the former . 
  if anything this has improved my opinion of the eu . 
  in the past the eu has been far too ideological , far too `` head in the clouds '' . 
  this turn for the serious is a welcome shift and a necessary precondition to increased european federalism . 
  for too long , european federalism has been tied to certain other political ideas with a strongly socialist bent . 
  this has been largely a result of the political orientation of those pushing for european integration , but when you think about it , there 's absolutely no reason why european federalism should be considered left wing . 
  it 's a constitutional position , not an economic or social one . 
  maybe as a result of this crisis , european integration can be claimed by the centre . 
  ironically , the uk probably could weather such a loss of idealism better than the other eu states . 
  the uk 's membership of the eu has always been a pragmatic matter of cost/benefit , so a loss of vision for european unity probably wo n't do much to affect the uk 's enthusiasm , or lack thereof , for europe . 
  on the other hand , many other eu states consider the eu a primarily political project and a vehicle for a certain set of values and ideals . 
  those countries would presumably be much harder hit by a loss of faith in european solidarity . 
  i found it especially interesting that tusk played such an important and powerful role , in sharp contrast to what everyone said when the position of president of the european council was first floated . 
  the role was initially meant to be largely administrative , not possessing any real power . 
  william hague 's prediction that the powers of the president would grow is one of the finest moments of house of commons political theatre , after gordon brown had succeeded tony blair as prime minister : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l6cj1b-rp1e, 
   you join the eu , but you bicker about it constantly . 
  that would be democracy . 
  we do love our palaces . 
  how can you study degree of `` undemocracy '' ? 
  sounds like pseudoscience . 
  regardless , in this case it 's definitely not the case , since the norwegians chose not to be a part of the eu by referendum . 
  what specifically about his post resembled what specific 19th century mentality ? 
  incidentally , snide belittlement and patronisation probably is n't the best way to prove that you 're a prime example of modern enlightenment . 
  you 're quite correct ; i misread . 
  it 's my understanding that the british loans to ireland were essentially bilateral , it 's just they so happened to be made at the same time as eu loans ( which the uk also contributed to ) . 
  the ireland situation is quite different regardless .
