  arrangements have to be made regarding citizenship and freedom of movement provisions for the now-separate populations who previous planned their lives on the basis of shared citizenship . 
  issues involving currency and banking have to be solved . 
  access to natural resources has to be negotiated . 
  none of this happened in crimea . 
  hierarchical unification is the least important part of military unity . 
  the main advantages to be gained from a common european military policy are those made by reducing redundancy , both in terms of redundant r&d ( e.g. 
  countries each spending billions developing their own class of ships ) , and redundant forces ( e.g. 
  britain and france each maintaining a nuclear deterrent ) . 
  by adopting common procurement and sharing capabilities to reduce operational redundancy , tens of billions could be saved , which could instead be spent on more troops , equipment , ships , aircraft , etc. 
  the creation of european battalions under eu command , with troops from each nation , is relatively insignificant to those gains . 
  i do n't see why it 's necessary at all . 
  the same thing can be achieved by keeping operational command at the national level , and likely can be achieved more efficiently , as you 're not dealing with the language barrier . 
  trying to force a political union before a cultural one was and is a grave mistake . 
  europeans will not accept political unity until they care as much about other europeans as they do about their own nation . 
  if the eu wants greater political union in the future , its focus should be on encouraging a european identity and intra-europe solidarity , not on ever more ambitious political projects which lack popular support . 
  step one is to get each country to pull their weight by spending a certain % of gdp on defence . 
  at least 2 % , mirroring the nato requirement , would be a good start , though i think 2.5 % is best . 
  until each nation is actually contributing their fair share , the larger nations are n't going to be willing to assume responsibility for the defence of all europe . 
  you 'd inevitably run into the free rider problem . 
  i must have missed the election in which hominus_lupus was democratically granted the ability to speak for an entire nation . 
  i 'm very much an eu federalist . 
  however , i 'd prefer brexit to a two-speed eu . 
  the inevitable result of a two-speed eu is the `` fast '' countries ( i.e. 
  the more integrated ones ) using their relative power to benefit themselves at the cost of the `` slow countries '' , by passing laws which disadvantage the latter . 
  we 've already seen the start of this with the recent attempt by the ecb to force euro clearing houses to relocate from london to the eurozone , which was ruled illegal by the ecj . 
  it would not take long , in a two-speed europe , for the eu to become obsolete , replaced with the eurozone . 
  eu membership would become more costly than beneficial very quickly . 
  in such a situation , holding onto eu membership would just be delusional . 
  the single market will have failed , and leaving the eu would n't be so much a dramatic political act so much as seeing the writing on the wall . 
  well , the statement in the op is just two politicians . 
  they do n't speak with authority for their nations . 
  the european council and the council of ministers are two different bodies within the eu . 
  `` the council '' general refers to the council of ministers , as that is the body involved in the legislative process . 
  the european council , which contains the heads of state/government from each member state , decides on the general political direction of the eu and negotiates treaty change , but they are not involved in the creation of eu legislation . 
  and just to confuse the shit out of you , there 's also the council of europe , which is n't part of the eu at all , but rather is the treaty organisation responsible for the european convention on human rights . 
  shows like this normally revolve around presenting the facts as-is , and those facts just so happen to be absolutely absurd . 
  the comedy writes itself , and because the evidence is genuine , it also works as political commentary . 
  in this show they 're changing the words people say . 
  i wonder how many people watch this thinking it 's like john oliver and do n't realise that the words people are saying have been changed for comedic purposes ? 
  it seems potentially quite harmful . 
  tpp is being talked about more in the us because it 's more controversial , not because it 's a bigger deal . 
  ttip is significantly bigger than tpp in terms of financial gain . 
  the us largely considers the eu to be benign , whereas there 's greater distrust of asia . 
  it 's estimated that tpp would raise us incomes by [ 0.4 % a year ] ( http://blogs.piie.com/trade/?p=106 ) . 
  for comparison , ttip is estiamted to raise us incomes [ by 1.2 % ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2013/march/tradoc_150737.pdf ) . 
  modest figures for the individual , but still a significant amount of added value at the national level . 
  given the relatively low economic boost tpp would bring and the relatively high importance given to it , it has been suggested that the usa 's [ real goal is not economic but geopolitical ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0911ea96-f803-11e4-8bd5-00144feab7de.html#axzz3zxfkfnc3 ) : tired of wto stagnation , the us seeks bilateral trade agreements which would place it at the centre of an overlapping free trade zone accounting for a large part of the world economy * , with trade standards largely based on the us model , and china excluded from it all . 
  the real value of tpp and ttip to the us is not so much each individual treaty , but what the two do in combination : create that overlapping trade zone , firmly securing the us as the trade hub of the world for the coming decades . 
  well , they 're at a budgetary surplus now , once you take debt interest out of the equation . 
  so essentially greece will have to decide between letting its banking sector fail completely or leaving the euro . 
  interesting . 
  one thing i can fully and enthusiastically recommend , that not many people do , is the tour of the houses of parliament . 
  that place is absolutely amazing . 
  there 's a reason why it 's called the ** palace ** of westminster . 
  you can definitely feel that it was once the centre of a global empire . 
  the reason why not many people do it , as well as simply not knowing about it , is that you need to book in advance for security reasons . 
  but as you 'll be here for 2 years , you 'll have plenty of time . 
  also , the sagrada familia in barcelona is simply stunning . 
  probably the most amazing building i 've ever been inside . 
  homogenous cultures make for the easiest unions . 
  lol , that 's a rather longer and more detailed message than i had anticipated ... 
  apparently it was actually gerbils . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-31588671 http://www.theguardian.com/science/2015/feb/24/great-gerbils-chief-cause-of-the-great-plague-not-black-rats-study-says, 
  but if napoleon had conquered britain , would we have had the industrial revolution ? 
   if you know about the winds and sea currents in the atlantic it 's easy to get there and come back but they did n't . 
  the problem is that they did n't know how to build ships large enough to store sufficient food and fresh water for such a long journey . 
  ships of that time rarely spent more than a couple of days at sea before heading into port to restock supplies , so they generally hugged the coasts . 
  heading out into open sea was considered more or less suicide , until we developed a better understanding of the global wind system in the 1400s . 
  china had the knowledge of how to build such large ships , but were so inward looking that it did n't occur to them to explore any further than india . 
  it was a chinese invention that made navigation over long distances possible too : the compass . 
  navigation by stars is tricky because of the risk of cloud cover , not to mention that they 're invisible during the day . 
  you 'll get repeatedly thrown off course . 
  you need more than that if you want to cross a huge ocean and land in the right place . 
  it 's also tricky because of the above-mentioned wind factor : it 's one thing to know where you want to go , another to get the ship actually going in that direction . 
  until we understood prevailing wind systems , this was very difficult . 
  if you 're interested in more , i heartily recommend [ a splendid exchange : how trade shaped the world ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/splendid-exchange-trade-shaped-world/dp/1843548038 ) by william bernstein . 
  it 's very well written and easy to read , and will completely change the way you look at the complexity of the economies of the ancient world . 
  it 's an ex-british colony that 's extremely well positioned for global trade , with strong british influences on its legal and education systems . 
  they still take exams set by british exam boards , and british legal precedent is still used in singapore courts . 
  english is the primary language . 
  integration would be quite easy to achieve . 
  was roman maritime technology sufficient to reach america without a ) getting lost and b ) starving to death ? 
  incidentally , if you 're curious about what a federal state of the uk , canada , australia , nz , singapore and south africa would look like : http://i.imgur.com/fhmhgid.png and explanatory doc : https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rkkqzzifhikaw5qeoboekbgugjzonumyxzsw1i1sul0/edit?usp=sharing, 
  still waiting for that tax . 
  ( it 's somewhat off-topic , but it is an interesting point to compare the us vs british teaching of the us war of independence . 
  when it 's taught at all in british schools , it 's taught not on its own but as part of the wars with france . 
  that frames the issue completely different to the american education system . 
  in the american system , it 's all about an issue of principle : representation !, 
  in the uk education system , it 's all about americans not wanting to pay for the british army that just defended them from the french in the french and indian war ) . 
  what the uk failed to predict were the two world wars . 
  without them , i imagine the commonwealth would have developed into something much more substantive , maybe more like the eu . 
  but the trauma of millions of men dying for a land half way around the world was a serious barrier to suggestions of that . 
  in the long term , the best way to benefit economically from colonies is to invest in their development . 
  imagine if canada , australia , new zealand , the uk , and singapore were all one federal state in the present . 
  i think you 're reading the present into the past on a couple of points : 1 . 
  you overestimate how much colonies , and in particular india , disliked the british . 
  it was n't until the indian mutiny/rebellion of 1857 that significant anti-british feeling started , and even after that point , a great many indians remained pro-british and would go on to fight for the british in many wars . 
  it was n't really until the amritsar massacre that indian independence became inevitable . 
  you underestimate the british population at the time . 
  the british population was much larger , relative to the rest of the world , back then .
