  well , the example is highly relevant . 
  legal structures that minimise risk , and thus enable business to be conducted efficiently and raise capital , continue to play a major role in determining winners and losers in international commerce , and in turn , where and how much the private sector invests . 
  it 's no coincidence that limited liability companies were invented at the same time as the industrial revolution . 
  the former was a prerequisite of the latter , because investment on the industrial scale required new legal structures that managed risk for both borrower and lender . 
  however , a contemporary example , if you want one in addition to a historical example , is that of silicon valley . 
  it contributes massively to the continued growth and competitiveness of the us economy and is driven entirely by private sector investment . 
  since you 're the one coming up with an extreme economic thesis , it would be up to you to show it . 
   definitely something that i 'd really like to see one historical example for . 
  well , if you want a historical rather than contemporary example , the dutch east india company was able to out-compete the english east india company throughout the 1600s because it had more sophisticated financial instruments that allowed it to better leverage the savings of the general population as investment . 
  ( specifically , it sold fractional shares in ships so as to spread risk , and the capital was not returned to the investors at the end of each journey , meaning the capital got carried over to the next voyage ), 
  insufficient demand is a problem , but that does n't mean that government debt is the solution . 
  there 's more than one way to raise the level of investment in any economy , and getting the private sector to do it is much more sustainable than government borrowing . 
  or it could be that this is / r/europe not / r/immigration and it would be nice to have a variety of different content related to europe on the front page , not just a wall of immigration material . 
  saudi arabia already is helping its neighbours . 
  and by helping its neighbours i mean promoting salafism . 
  and by salafism i mean isil . 
  kinda weird that so many countries predominantly buy their own brands . 
  so much for the single market . 
  dominique strauss-kahn would indicate otherwise . 
  he was accused of hosting sex parties with prostitutes , and is now one of the top contenders to run for president . 
  a recent poll put him at 37 % support as a good candidate for the left . 
  free movement of capital has always been one of the pillars of the eu but has long been left to languish , while free movements of goods and labour have been developed . 
  a cynical person might say this is no coincidence . 
  free movement of capital stands to benefit the uk most out of all eu members . 
  there 's a hint of protectionism about the way everyone else is dragging their feet over this part of the single market . 
  if there 's one thing i envy about france , other than the wine , it 's their ability to completely not give a shit about their politicians ' personal lives . 
  parents can pass past heritage to their children . 
  consider the number of americans whose present identity consists entirely of being american , but who still have a past heritage derived from their family 's country of origin several generations back . 
  assimilation would be where the country of origin forms neither past heritage nor present identity i.e. 
  when the migrant 's national identity is identical to that of a native . 
  a party 's ideology and long term vision for the country are not insignificant . 
  the green party 's long term vision for britain is deeply disturbing . 
  integration is when the migrant 's country of origin forms part of their past heritage rather than present identity . 
   how could it possibly be presumptive , it 's the end goal of the campaign . 
  declaring the end goal to be achieved before it has been , aka calling victory before you 've won , is the archetypal presumption . 
  i already said what it should be named , so i have no idea why you 're asking me again : #betterin, 
  #betterin is a great name . 
  it 's short , it 's catchy , it immediately describes what the campaign is about , and the use of the hashtag targets a relatively young audience . 
  `` uktostay '' is rather vanilla by comparison , even without the problem of it sounding like a news headline . 
  `` x to do y '' is a very common format for news headlines , to the point where that 's almost exclusively where it 's used . 
  framing the result of the referendum as a news headline before the referendum has taken place is extremely presumptive . 
  as for a better name , they already have one ready to roll out : #betterin, 
  i do n't get it . 
  the issue is that no one wants to take refugees , so why are they all volunteering to take them in the cartoon ? 
  i recommend changing your name . 
  ` uk to stay ' sounds like you 're reporting something conclusive rather than attempting to persuade people . 
  it 's rather arrogant to presume such a result before the british people have spoken . 
  doing so wo n't win you any fans . 
  they do it after they leave school at age 16 . 
  three main reasons : 1 . 
  we tried to join and [ failed rather spectacularly ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_wednesday ) . 
  currency speculation forced the uk to leave the european exchange rate mechanism after the treasury spent # 27 billion of foreign exchange reserves trying ( and failing ) to keep the pound stable within the system . 
  devaluation of the pound might be good for the uk 's exports , but it would also instantly make the uk much poorer . 
  our assets would be worth a lot less than they were before , our income would buy us fewer dollars than it does now , and imports would be significantly more expensive . 
  that 's a major problem , as the uk imports a hell of a lot . 
  over time the trade balance would adjust as exports rose , but that adjustment would take several years as export industries redeveloped in the uk . 
  it would be unwise for the uk to sacrifice control of its monetary policy . 
  the ecb has shown itself to be far too hesitant to act in a crisis . 
  further , without control of our own monetary policy , the uk may well have been another greece or spain in this crisis . 
  more generally , interest rates set at the ecb for the whole of europe by necessity can not take into account local differences . 
  the most appropriate interest rate for one part of the eu is not the most appropriate for another . 
  this is particularly true for the uk , which has a much higher rate of home ownership than germany and france , where renting is more common . 
  that means the uk is far more sensitive to interest rate changes , because so many people have variable rate mortgages . 
  there 's a fourth reason that some people will say , following the greece crisis , about not wanting to subsidise poorly performing eu economies , but that 's just short sighted . 
  i would create a new type of school , which would not replace existing schools but rather run in parallel to the current system . 
  this school would have a vocational rather than academic focus , and would be for students for whom the academic system is not working . 
  from age 14 onwards , a student 's teachers would be able to recommend that they move from the academic to vocational track and switch school ( the student can appeal the decision by taking a test , which if they pass means they can remain in the academic track ) . 
  at the vocational school , 50 % of the curriculum would be academic , focusing on core skills . 
  there would be just five classes : english , mathematics , science , citizenship , and one foreign language . 
  science would focus on scientific literacy rather than in actually doing science . 
  citizenship would encompass history , geography , politics and economics , and would be there to prepare the kids to vote in an informed way . 
  at age 18 there would be an english and a mathematics exam to receive a high school diploma . 
  there would also be pe . 
  the other 50 % would be their vocational studies . 
  there would be a large number of subjects to choose from , for example : administration and secretarial , logistics , construction , plumbing , electrics , automotive , chemical industry , nursing and healthcare , aerospace , shipbuilding , interior design , programming , catering , graphic design , network administration , agriculture , carpentry , etc. 
  the courses would be run in partnership with local businesses and their availability would vary by area ( no aerospace if there is n't a nearby factory making planes ) . 
  the students would start off taking four vocational subjects and would drop one a year until they 're left with two . 
  there would be an emphasis on work experience in the final two years of high school . 
  there would be no exams of vocational skills , but rather continuous assessment and a building up of a portfolio . 
  the uk 's biggest problem right now is low productivity , which has at its root a low level of technical skills . 
  this is in turn driven by a high level of disengagement with education from large parts of the population who do not consider themselves academic . 
  they 're forced to endure years of academic education that they have no interest in , getting failing grades again and again and graduating school with few skills or qualifications . 
  this would do something to reverse that trend . 
  the labour party removed socialism from their constitution decades ago . 
  the nether regions . 
  hmm . 
  could do with some work . 
   who determines where the line is ? 
  this does :  if you can popularise it to the point where it 's in common use the meanings of words are determined by the way they 're used . 
  no one person or institution gets to decide . 
  it 's a collective , natural process . 
  if you can popularise it to the point where it 's in common use , i 'm quite happy for the uk to be known as that . 
  though as a nickname it 's kinda bad , because it 's not really any shorter than `` united kingdom '' . 
  best to stick to the current practice of referring to the whole of the uk as england , which i do n't have any problem with . 
  i always roll my eyes at brits who get pedantic about that stuff . 
  government debt : not too much . 
  about $ 38 billion , according to [ this article ] ( http://www.cnbc.com/2014/12/14/are-russias-bonds-the-next-big-worry.html ) . 
  the problem is the private sector debt , and in particular the dollar exposure of the russian banks , which the russian government is committed to protecting ( some of the banks being in fact owned by the government ) . 
  from the same article :  russian companies owe about $ 160 billion in intercompany debt to overseas parents and subsidiaries , likely mostly to western european companies , while russian banks have around $ 200 billion of external debt, 
  the problem for russia is that the debt is owed in foreign currency ( generally dollars ) .
