the shadow part literally emphasises that it is not a position of power , he shadows the chancellor . 
  jean-claude ` when it gets bad i lie ' juncker, 
  britain contained some of the most developed areas outside of italy . 
  the romans managed to truly pass on their culture to the inhabitants , not just rule over them . 
  i 'd imagine the cities were as safe as any other area outside of rome . 
  wow , that sounds remarkably like some shit you 've just made up . 
  well if they want to get paid more they could , i do n't know , apply to the same jobs that more men do ? 
  i did n't make it past  finland has the worst economy in the eu . 
  because clearly finland is the biggest shithole there is in europe , and that would make romania the most luxurious place to live . 
  i think whoever wrote this `` article '' may actually be handicapped . 
  yea , he 's played down relations with the uk as much as he possibly could but now that we might be doing something against us interests he 's all up in our business . 
  i find it hard to debate with someone who does n't even know how many nations are in north america . 
   europe descending into instability and petty national quibbling right , because there are absolutely no squabbles while in the eu and just look at how unstable north america is , the horror !, 
   creation of nation-states in the beginning of the 19th century http://i.imgur.com/6lbjtta.jpg, 
  well , there is absolutely no way to tell where it is . 
  this money goes to private sellers , it goes wherever they put it . 
  this is n't about individual/private buyers and sellers , it 's about the euro and how it is managed . 
  currently policies mean germany benefit hugely while other countries are shit out of luck , the argument is that policy should be changed to balance this out . 
  the current account is the difference between imports and exports . 
  this just means they got that much more from exports than they spent on imports , that should mean the money is currently in the german economy . 
  that does not change the fact it is a word . 
  man you 're really buttmad about this . 
  that has literally nothing to do with it being protectionism or not , protectionism is any action a state undertakes to protect their own industries , its definition has nothing to do with state ownership or selling under production price . 
  those things can cause countries to engage in it but that does n't stop it being protectionism . 
  also 14 year olds and 13 year old and the 12 year olds and the 11 year olds society needs a cut off point for child vs adult , society has also pretty much decisively decided that age is 18 , with some concessions for 16 ( sex , some drinking ) and 17 ( driving ) . 
  why would they just randomly put it down to 15 now ? 
  i care more about my neighbour being killed than someone in the next town over , it does n't make me a ` heartless bastard ' . 
  he 's probably referring to the way a lot of people in the media and on the internet wank themselves off and think they 're winning the battle against all ills when they use the name . 
  it 's because there were stories going around about how is hate the name daesh , which there is absolutely no evidence of , so now people think they are really clever and witty by using it . 
  yea , everyone acts like shooting the place up and leaving is the only option . 
  the truth is that if the west rolled into these nations , crushed any resistance , and then occupied them for 20 years , abusing the fuck out of their human rights and what not , you can turn an entire ideology on it 's head pretty quickly . 
  shock , awe , and demoralisation followed by an olive branch . 
  look at 1930 's japan ( which i would argue is a far better example than germany because of its nature ) compared to 1960 's . 
  but as you say , the will just is n't there to do it , nor the stomach , for better or worse . 
  of course it 's a question of ethics and whether it is worth the things that would have to be done . 
  well you 're wrong anyway because it was n't even at the aa desk . 
  but following your logic i could just as easily argue they did it to reduce airline profits . 
  that 's a leap of epic proportions with absolutely no information . 
  well , i 'm going to take the word of the actual policeman over a stranger on the internet who knows a guy . 
  man this thread makes me proud to be british . 
  til saying certain words determines my political views . 
  if i say it in a mirror three times do i invoke the spirit of donald trump ? 
  you do realise they have internet and television in eastern europe ? 
  they can inform themselves about things and vote preemptively . 
  `` i heard hitler wanted a united europe and he killed a lot more than putin '' would be my equally retarded response . 
  it wo n't be a matter of shy brexit if polls are wrong , it will be a matter of them being a lot more invested than people who vote remain , leading to more of them turning up . 
  also , your analysis of the eu being demonised is vastly simplified , nobody rails the fuck out of you if you say you are voting in like they do if you say you are voting tory . 
  the dynamics are really different in a lot of ways . 
   the pound is not going down because of uncertainty are you actually challenged ? 
  the uk is n't leaving yet , the only thing that has occurred is uncertainty , so that is what has been affecting the pound . 
   refugees are certainly not going to be the ones voting down gay marriage and adoption every chance they get . 
  lol , you believe they would be for gay marriage and adoption ? 
  they are n't even for gays right to live . 
  i find it absolutely hilarious you are trying to insinuate muslim immigrants from third world countries would treat gay people better than europeans do . 
  that 's exactly what i 'm thinking . 
  i saw a couple of people saying cameron timed it to avoid the main shitstorm but mid june seems like it should be just as bad as august was last year . 
  i 'm sorry but you can not talk about us armed forces adverts without including the one [ where the marine recruit fights a fucking * lava monster * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62tnjtlbqzq ) . 
  `` well you 're 20 years old and we were going to charge you with murder as an adult seeing how you just torturously murdered a mother and her child buuuuut you 're pretty immature and have some growing up to do , so we 'll let you have a lesser sentence . '', 
  something there just does n't seem right . 
  is this all about to kick off again now that spring is looming over us ? 
  seem to be more stories these past few days . 
  less than a year ago they decided to stay as part of the country , the choice was clear there as well , stay as part of our democracy or do n't , you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  we 're one country , you 're argument literally makes no sense , the scottish people decided to stay in , you may as well ask why any democratic vote applies when different people vote different ways . 
  why do people who voted for the party in power get to dictate who is president or pm ? 
  because it 's a majority ruling . 
  well , technically not under fptp but that 's a whole other discussion . 
  lol you 're not even attempting to address the points any more , there 's a sure sign of losing the argument if ever there was one . 
  fucking jews , somebody should do something about their fear-mongering , we need a solution . 
  literally everything the snp does n't like could trigger another referendum . 
  if the scottish people want to be able to have the final say on everything then they should leave as is their right but if they want to be part of the uk then they ca n't expect to be given anything more than their fair democratic share of the vote , that share being 8.3 % as of 2012 . 
   nonce i must be seriously out of touch on how this slang is used . 
  they 'll look at his opinion and do the opposite ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ayyylmao, 
  so why did you put an asterisk as if you are correcting something that was wrong ? 
  and what definition are you following exactly ? 
  i read elsewhere ( not sure of the truth behind it ) that the girls allegedly got the boys to rape her for some reason . 
  that 's been the basis for many friendships . 
  i am thinking more along the lines of russia directly supplying the pkk themselves with advanced equipment . 
  i may be mistaken but i think the us and others have only equipped the kurds with basic stuff needed to fight is . 
  russia might decide the turn the situation into mujaheddin 2 : electric boogaloo . 
  they ( pkk ) already commit what many consider to be terrorist attacks within turkey in the form of bombings and shootings , imagine if they got their hands on something serious . 
  eu trade with russia was tiny compared to the uk , the uk imports far more from the eu than it exports to them , nobody would cut that trade link , let alone with some economies showing signs of faltering . 
  also i think you 'll find that veiled threats from the eu of economic punishments will make britain want anything but to stay in the union with them . 
  well you 're kind of falling flat when you apparently do n't even know who said what , because i never said that . 
  ah , well then , it 's all okay . 
  `` yea we bought oil off of a genocidal dictatorship , but so did those other guys '' really is n't much of a defense , is it ? 
  ah , well then , that makes it okay . 
  [ hungary contributed $ 890 million in 2014 , the uk contributed $ 11,341 million . 
  something tells me the uk leaving is a bigger deal . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union#eu-28_contributions_.282014.29 ), 
  probably because ireland is n't a place the migrants want to go to . 
   end of the line . 
  holy shit , / u/historicusxiii has decided guys , pack it up , he 's won the argument . 
  he does n't actually explain how his point is true but he does say it 's the end of the line , move it along . 
  then he should keep reminding everybody that tony blair loves the eu . 
  yes , i have , have you ? 
  if you make it so everyone is always committing a crime , you can arrest anybody you want at any time and give that as the reason . 
  it 's how a lot of dictatorships have worked . 
  it fits incredibly well into the idea of an orwellian society in as much as it would hamper the ability of society to be open and free , if people had to live with the knowledge they could be arrested at any time . 
  i 'm not saying that denmark would become a dictatorship if they did that , just pointing out why it 's a shit idea . 
  might want to read up on the definition of murder before using it as an example .
