yes , some have , and rather euphorically too . 
  that does n't mean you blame serbs in serbia for it , you blame serbs in bosnia , which are bosnians or croatians but the stuff in kosovo was done by kosovo albanians , who in fact , are the one responsible, 
  well turks told me bosnia is turkey , do you feel like that too ? 
  why should n't it ? 
  bosnian and croatian serbs destroyed the things you named but kosovan albanians destroyed the very things they are repairing , are you mental ? 
  bosnian and croatian serbs = / = serbs in serbia, 
  you get used to it after a few years, 
  and also , the serbs you are talking about , are ethnic serbs from the krajina in croatia , and serbs from rs in bosnia , so why the fuck do you confuse serbs in serbia with them ? 
  thats pure whataboutism , the topic isnt bosnia or croatia its kosovo , i did n't say kosovo should be kicked out , i said they should n't be allowed in . 
  because they are corrupt , you really think they are gon na use the money for repairing churches and that stuff ? 
  please . 
  and also because its politics , its not a un member state so it has no place in unesco get the big un ? 
  you should be able if you try !, 
  no un no unesco, 
  so you dont support a countries right to territoria lintegrity ? 
  i do n't know , but if you support kosovo , those are the exact same things you are sponsoring , i mean , sure it happens in other countries too , but not on a state-sponsored level, 
  when i need another country to sponsor mafia , drugs , arms , human trafficking and organ theft , ill be sure to give you a call < 3, 
  when did i call you stupid , stupid ? 
  ( except now ) well it 's neither independent nor reunified , so idk what battle you won except more dead civilians and running a failed state that cant even get a vote without some tribesmen lighint up smoke in the parliament , talk about the asshole of europe, 
  right, 
  it was illegal , it was unilateral , and breaching the damn kumanovo treaty and un resolution 1244 , if you breach an international document that you signed and then unilaterally so alone declare independence , thats fucking illegal, 
  you 'd lose your shit if you 'd look at albanian ones nah , just stop being pricks and cease this farce which is hurting you more than anything, 
  yes but we were a socialist state , and by not allied with russia i refered to the point that we are russias friend, 
  the problem with independent kosovo is that kosovo is not , will not , and should not be independent . 
  start with the name : kosovo = named by serbs after the bird kos , metohija = means chuch land or some shit like that in serbian so you want to take a serbian piece of land , with serbian landmarks , serbian culture , serbian minerals/riches because what ? 
  yugoslavs did some messed up shit , but i dont see you doing any better now , you suck at every sport you play even tho you fought so hard for recognition in international sport organisations , your economy sucks , half the world does n't recognise you and i mean both politicaly and demographically , so really why should you be independent ? 
  a mafia run state that makes money of drugs arms and people trafficking , while exporting huge numbers of refugees burdening the eu further . 
  we did n't lose , we signed a treaty that stated that kosovo is a de facto part of serbia , but has full autonomy . 
  actually it is , because albanians claim kosovo was always theirs , until serbs took it in 1912 , which is n't true at all . 
  egh ... serbia is n't allied with russia , no we werent communist , we were socialist , big difference . 
  actually we have not alienated ourselves , we are pretty open , we have good relations with neighbours , we are trying to be the peaceful one in the neighbourhood ( see recent croatian outbursts and what was the serb response ) , and even eu members dont recognise kosovo . 
  so instead of pushing for a legal action , you prefer the quick illegal one ? 
  well that goes accordingly with a failed mafia state, 
  theres also this new thing called the right to preserve territorial integrity , and this fun thing called un resolution 1244 which states that kosovo is a de facto part of serbia , with full auotonomy . 
  so you 're breaking the law , cause no referendum was held in kosovo , only a unilateral decleration of independence . 
  no you misunderstood me , they are suffering , they 're economy is fucked and everything is fucked , but they are more dangerous than ever . 
  oh yeah ofcourse , but russia and nk are currently suffering from repercussions , and i dont see them less threatening , in fact , they are even more threathening now . 
  because , its not in their interest for them succeed outside of spains wing , to dumb it down they want to prove them wrong , childish , but most real possibility i stand corrected , now that britain is leaving the eu , scotland might leave , i do n't know , did n't research that much into it , but i do n't think they 'd let it slide, 
  nisam mu ni video flair odgovarao sam iz inboxa hahaha but yeah i see now, 
  yes , but if they leave , catalonia has to start the eu accession talks all over again , and spain would block them , much like everyone on balkan is blocking everyone , and in that , catalonia would also need to start trade deals and stuff again which is n't a good thing yes , but scotland wo n't leave, 
  hey , worse stuff happend over smaller reasons , when the most advanced and rich province wants to secede , you 'll do anything to keep it, 
  hmm , block them off ? 
  impose martial law ? 
  who knows anything can happen, 
  oh yeah hahahahahah right, 
  you can try , noone is stopping you, 
  thats a more probable situation really . 
  not an expert in the field but even if the language thing is true , it is n't similar to any branch of european langauges, 
  im not saying the region or country of albania did n't exist , it did , but the people were n't modern albanians , they were greeks there , the first king of albania was by what you linked charles of anjou and he was sicilian . . 
  might not have been that extinct when you got there, 
  yeah , share with most european people , but you forget , turks are also indoeuropean and the people relative to caucascus region first modern mention of arbanasi is in 1628 lol, 
  archives reveal an overwhelming serbian demographic majority in kosovo , which was reversed by the end of ottoman rule , as croatian historian ivo banac summarised : `` ottoman raids , plunder , slaving forays , as well as the general devastation caused by constant wars uprooted large numbers of serbs even before the great serb migration '' . 
  lived is a relative term , serbs lived there until they were forced to move . 
  they absoulutely have no historical claim or even a lawful claim to it . 
  yeah , no , i dont see spain having problems for refusing to give up catalonia ? 
  the illyrians were mentioned for the last time in the miracula sancti demetrii during the 7th century . 
  [ 60 ] with the disintegration of the roman empire , gothic and hunnic tribes raided the balkan peninsula , forcing many illyrians to seek refuge in the highlands . 
  with the arrival of the slavs in the 6th century , most illyrians were slavicized . 
  so you 're slavs m9 welcome to trenerka squatting, 
  so based on 50 words you are illyiran ? 
  goddamn maybe we are hungarian since we use like 100 words that are from hungary , even more from germany so serbs = germans , long live the glorius serb reichland, 
  where exactly do serbs say that ? 
  that 's just a sarcastic serb proverb . 
  if you mean srbija do tokija also , serbian empire did conquer all of the balkans ... so it actually existed , unlike albania which magically appeared after ottomans came . 
  yeah okay , link me the proof, 
  personal opinion , i do n't . 
  still , you cant just let them take a part of your territory without any consequences , you do n't see spain doing it or any country for that matter . 
  and why not , if theres a shift in the political climate , switching from more liberal to more nationalistic ( which i do not agree with ) politics , there could be a change in he situation . 
  jesus , we are not ruining the relations , then you can say that kosovo is ruining relations by pursuing the damn independence ... we are just pursuing different goals , but kosovo is actually provoking serbia a lot more , we do too , but kosovo does so on a state sponsored level . 
  yeah but so does hong kong and yet they are a sovereign part of china . 
  i do not support vucic nor did i vote for him , i only share his proeuropean views , i do not care for russia nor do i care for america . 
  un is literally the only step that counts , and with russia , china and other of 100 + states that did n't recognise kosovo vote no . 
  you wo n't be able to even get an observer status . 
  you can have as many island nations of the pacific or some shit like that and some irrelevant african countries that got payed of voting yes , as long as the ` big players ' vote no . 
  thats a no mate . 
  yeah , but slavs do n't claim otherwise, 
  some dialect of serbian i think will link if i find a source that i found a few days ago, 
  are you reading ? 
  our goal is for kosovo not to achieve independence , because it is a part of serbia , thats how its helping jesus christ . 
  yeah , okay , thats like just your opinion man , that actually just depends on the current political climate in europe and the us ... which is pretty fluid , what if trump wins ? 
  who has said that kosovo is one of the biggest american foreign policy mistakes , and cuts funding and support to kosovo ? 
  i 'd ask for evidence that police is actually hunting them . 
  yeah , was uncalled for , sorry thats what im saying , they ca n't overlook that . 
  we actually managed to remove him from power . . unlike you . 
  and also he wasnt a war criminal when he was elected president he was a war criminal after becoming president , also he was amnestied a few weeks ago , so he wasnt a war criminal , and even if he was , he became after becoming president , while they were already when they were elected . 
  i am no saying you adore them , im saying its a provocation towards us . 
  if you ca n't do that , then sorry you are a failed state . 
  they are n't arrested or suffering any consequences for the attacks either . 
  yeah but your group has a bunch more relative to its population . 
  i 'm not saying they were trying to offend serbs , but knowing that that church or whatever is a serb soft spot , why the fuck would you give the go ahead for it ? 
  i do n't as a matter of fact , but the albanian bullcrap that you are illyrians ( kek ) which were eradicated by romans and slavs is complete shit and without evidence , you were brought over by ottomans and thats it , turks had a name for albanians arnauti which means '' those who came and never went back '' serbs also used that name for turks , your language is far more relatable toward that region than that of this side of europe . 
  sorry but you made war criminals like haradinaj and thaci leading members of your govrenment ... arkan may be praised by some nationalist cunts or other retards , but he never held any political power . 
  whats your point again ? 
  to be a member of unesco you have to be a un member state , which you are not , so again , thats illegal . 
  also , kosovo did a far better job of lobbying to join , so you cant blame serbia for not wanting an autonomous region gaining one more step towards full independence , i dont get how that is backwarding relations ? 
  and also with your history of ` keeping safe ' of serbian landmarks , you really should n't join either . 
  if unesco or un for that matter really thought kosovo should be a member , kosovo would . 
  serbia does n't really have that kind of diplomatic or economic power to pull so many countries to vote against the membership , so thats fantasy on your side . 
  well except this desecration which is admitedlly sparsly covered by the media there have been attacks on that same church , including people pissing on it , albanians using it as a rock climbing course and a singer using it for her video in which she appears half naked , now im atheist , and do n't give a bulls ass about religion , but why provoke ? 
  and albanians came from caucascus , whats your point ?
