  they 're bloody awful i 'll know now by what name to avoid them in the future , thanks !, 
  i 'll be honest the last time i was in paris was at the saint james hotel and the breakfast on offer was more in line with the croissants and blah blah with some cheeses and cold cuts and some of those thinly sliced bits of toast that are very crisp err dunno the name ? 
  anyway , erm , the parisienne err friend who was staying with me was amused at my errr disappointment/surprise/shock at how tiny the breakfast seemed to me ( i 'm a big eater ) , but she assured me that that is what she normally has for breakfast , just some coffee and toast and that 's what it mainly is for her and her peers ( i wo n't ever forget her laughter when she saw the look of horror on my face when she told me that 's all that she eats for breakfast , mainly because half the hotel restaurant turned over to look at us ) . 
  i just assumed that what she meant was toast from sliced bread and not baguettes for some reason . 
  thanks for clearing this up . 
  what ? 
  who the fuck eats bangers and mash for breakfast or a baguette for that matter ? 
  you might want to search for the correct terms first  in the contemporary uk and ireland , a weekday breakfast may involve a cereal dish , such as muesli , porridge or cereal , or toast spread with jam or marmalade . 
  tea and coffee remain equally popular accompaniments . 
  marmalade , originally a portuguese confection , was a popular british spread to consume in the evening , before the scots moved it to the breakfast table in the 18th century . 
  they could be ... full english or full english breakfast or some variation thereof porridge cornflakes toast marmalade, 
  read this , it 's even better ... http://heatst.com/world/bbc-forced-to-apologize-over-black-lives-matter-report/  macfarlane 's report featured a member of blm saying there had been `` 1,562 deaths in police custody in my lifetime ... ''  the clear suggestion by the blm was that 1,562 black people had died in police custody in the uk in recent years , which is presumably part of the reason why blm believes it is a necessary force in britain . 
  exceppppt ...  inquest actually believes that 156 black , asian and minority ethnic ( bame ) deaths occurred in uk police custody during or shortly after police contact between 1990 and 2016 . 
   of these , 145 took place in custody or following police contact . 
  the other eleven died after being shot . 
  further support here . 
  https://fullfact.org/law/bame-deaths-police-uk/  research by inquest , a charity , suggests that 1,563 people have died either in police custody or following contact with the police in england and wales since 1990 , including police shootings . 
  156 of these people were listed as black and minority ethnic , so about 10 % of the total . 
  but you ignore the point i made in that that the ec has and successfully gone after fiat and other european countries for this shit instead you 're trying to still play the victim card here , it 's just so pathetic and frankly tragic . 
  the ec is going after luxembourg and other countries in the eu who are pulling this shtick . 
  not just companies like apple , mcdonalds and starbucks , but it has also gone after fiat too ... 
  but if we really want to get into a pissing match what about american regulators shaking down hsbc or bnp or all those insane compensation claims/lawsuits against bp , i note the fines handed to halliburton in comparison are paltry . 
  so the controls should be fully ambidextrous and the upper receiver is one unit . 
  the stock holds the battery which serves as the power source for all the on-weapons electronics including an enhanced 4x optic , lasers and lights etc etc all of which interface with modular powered rail sections . 
  the optical sight has an etched reticle so even if the power goes out , the weapon will remain usable . 
  it should be about a 1/2 pound lighter than a similarly kitted out m4 but with the advantage of having the battery at the stock which should help with recoil as opposed to the ridiculously nose heavy sopmod brethren . 
  oh and it has an integrated suppressor too . 
  http://www.coltcanada.com/mrr.html this is where they are now and the test versions of the upgrades will be out sometime hopefully by the end of this year or the start of next year . 
  while it does n't have the fancy pants of the short stroke piston system of the 416 it does have a better integration of all the other crap that is nowadays considered necessary accoutrements for the de rigeur soldier in the field :p not a 100 % certain but the rails could also carry data too possibly it does say so on the picture ... 
  as someone else said modular is n't all that ... 
  but it 's a shame they went with the 416 now because colt canada and their upcoming upgrade for the c7/c8 is really quite nifty . 
  the c7/c8 series of ar variants always was quite nice imo but the colt canada has taken it in a really promising , interesting and if it works out a fantastic way . 
  i 've gotten a lot of feedback about the 416 that even on properly maintained ones we still get a ton of jams , it 's got us stumped as to why . 
  it 's not the ammo as they 've been fired from a variety of different ammo lots , it 's not the magazines giving feed errors as they 've happened from magpuls pmags that work in other rifles to the bog standard stanag mags that have been rattling around in the store room of an armourers for decades . 
  we thought it might be the gas system not being calibrated properly and not feeding enough but a ) we read through the manuals twice and backwards to make sure everything was adjusted just so and b ) we 've had no feed issues/jams with scar 's or g36 's ( the g36 's did start going wonky when undergoing sustained fire though ) which also have piston systems . 
  *** shrug *** maybe we just had a bad batch ? 
  i can only apologise , i 'm so so so so so very sorry . 
  nah , i 'm mainly focusing on my rebuilding my mandarin , hokchiu and shanhainese skills . 
  maybe pick up some japanese and brush up on malaysian after . 
  first of all let me say thank you so very very much for translating all of this for me . 
  my german is truly rusty and awful after not having practiced it for over 10 years . 
  my god if what you wrote is correct . 
  if they pull this off ... 
  i 'm lost for words ... 
  i really am . 
  do you know why ? 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/3mphsj/yougov_poll_on_brexit_40_leave_38_remain_6/cvh4le8 i posted that over 4 months ago . 
  i was deeply deeply divided on the eu project until the last week . 
  i would hope that you can see from my link that i am far from ignorant on the issues but saw the european project as deeply and fundamentally flawed and broken in some intrinsic ways . 
  this . 
  if for the love of god they had written this just a month ago i would have shouted and screamed this from the rooftops of london pushing for support for britain to stay in the eu . 
  instead i was merely a reluctant eu supporter . 
  do you see how what they have written dove tails into my own euroskepticism perfectly ? 
  * sighs * goddammit, 
  do you have a link to or a copy of the paper ? 
  could you link this please ? 
  where in rolls-royce holdings does it say vw group owns it ? 
  you 're getting confused . 
   as part of the deal , volkswagen group acquired the historic crewe factory , plus the rights to the `` spirit of ecstasy '' mascot and the shape of the radiator grille . 
  however , the rolls-royce brand name and logo were controlled by aero-engine maker rolls-royce plc , and not rolls-royce motors . 
  the aero-engine maker decided to license the rolls-royce name and logo to bmw and not to volkswagen , largely because the aero-engine maker had recently shared joint business ventures with bmw . 
  bmw paid # 40m to license the rolls-royce name and `` rr '' logo , a deal that many commentators thought was a bargain for possibly the most valuable property in the deal . 
  volkswagen group had the rights to the mascot and grille but lacked rights to the rolls-royce name in order to build the cars , likewise bmw had the name but lacked rights to the grille and mascot . 
   the situation was tilted in bmw 's favour , as they could withdraw their engine supply with just 12 months notice , which was insufficient time for vw to re-engineer the rolls-royce cars to use vw 's own engines . 
  volkswagen claimed that it only really wanted bentley anyway as it was the higher volume brand , with bentley models out-selling the equivalent rolls royce by around two to one . 
  both bmw and vw wanted to buy the rr car manufacturer , they ended up getting half each . 
  rr holdings otoh is still a british company . 
  it 's interesting and more than a little amusing that all the people here who accepted his links and did n't actually read them . 
  because letting the poor people in those nations know we 're rich enough to bribe their governments is really going to stop them trying to illegally enter . 
  you know why faslane was chosen ? 
  very deep ports and over 90 % of the year heavy cloud coverage so it 's hard for satellites to image hmnb clyde . 
  :p there 's actual weather and seasons down south which mitigates the usefulness somewhat . 
  it also makes it easier for the subs to monitor the giuk gap, 
  why is this flaired as satire ? 
  does n't it need to be funny ? 
  why is it marked as satire ???? 
  he definitely wanted a fucking party with that, 
  she was dismissed as a result , since g4s prohibits the wearing of any visible religious , political and philosophical symbols . 
   the belgian reference , achbita v g4s secure solutions nv80 concerned a receptionist who was contracted out to another company , atlas copco . 
  sometime after her employment began , she decided to wear an islamic veil . 
  g4s is part of an international company and this was regarded as infringing a `` strict neutrality '' rule in the workplace . 
  http://www.personneltoday.com/hr/religious-dress-at-work-ecj-muslim-headscarf-cases/  in achbita , a muslim receptionist who was permanently contracted out to work for a third party informed her employer that she was going to begin wearing a headscarf in the workplace . 
   the receptionist 's employer told her that the wearing of any visible religious symbols was contrary to its rules on neutrality , which applied during contact with clients . 
  it 's a ban on all religious symbols by a multinational, 
  quite well actually , my family lost everything fleeing the chicom army and settling in hk and then moving abroad after . 
  seeing the relative disparity in wealth between the family branches during the 70 's and 80 's was quite shocking . 
  sure they 're doing well now , but there 's no fucking way you could call china communist or even remotely socialist now . 
  i 'm saying that the ussr and china uplifted their citizens out of poverty and then kept them at relative poverty compared to the rotw or even actually pushed them back down . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_soviet_union just read this if you need a basic primer already . 
  also china was impoverished until very recently . 
  not quite , this opinion , it is not a judgement and it is stated only very narrowly http://curia.europa.eu/jcms/upload/docs/application/pdf/2016-05/cp160054en.pdf  in today 's opinion , advocate general juliane kokott takes the view that there is no direct discrimination on the ground of religion where an employee of muslim faith is banned from wearing an islamic headscarf in the workplace , provided that that ban is founded on a general company rule prohibiting visible political , philosophical and religious symbols in the workplace and not on stereotypes or prejudices against one or more particular religions or against religious beliefs in general . 
  if that is the case , there is no less favourable treatment based on religion . 
  so do you see in his opinion if the company has banned all visible forms of religious , political or philosophical expression in furtherance of keeping completely neutral on issues then it is n't about being anti-muslim , in actuality he further states ...  that ban may constitute indirect discrimination based on religion , but may , however , be justified in order to enforce a legitimate policy of religious and ideological neutrality pursued by the employer in the company concerned , in so far as the principle of proportionality is observed in that regard . 
  in this he states that the ban must be proportional , proportionality is a specific legal test  in european union law there are generally acknowledged to be four stages to a proportionality test , namely ,  1 . 
  there must be a legitimate aim for a measure . 
  the measure must be suitable to achieve the aim ( potentially with a requirement of evidence to show it will have that effect ) . 
  the measure must be necessary to achieve the aim , that there can not be any less onerous way of doing it . 
  the measure must be reasonable , considering the competing interests of different groups at hand . 
  and in his final paragraphs  finally , so far as concerns proportionality in the narrow sense , in advocate general kokott 's view , the ban at issue in the present case does not unduly prejudice the legitimate interests of the female employees concerned and must therefore be regarded as proportionate . 
   for many people religion is indeed an important part of their identity and the freedom of religion is one of the cornerstones of a democratic society .
