  or bribe them with a boatload of money . 
  i 'm good with my tax money being spent like this . 
  well yes , but that would be the portuguese inquisition , not the spanish inquisition !?!, 
  this is a joke based around the monty python sketches `` the spanish inquisition . '', 
  no one expects the spanish inquisition !, 
  ( especially in portugal ), 
  why does the west need to pander to the russians ? 
  honestly , i do n't see it . 
  russia is a failure . 
  they went from being a repressive and brutal world power to an ambitious regional power with delusions of adequacy . 
  they need to learn their place in the world . 
  their acting up is just that juvenile tantrums . 
  the only threat they are capable of militarily is nuclear . 
  what is there to admire from them ? 
  their military is a joke , their economy is not even a consideration , they have some natural resources and thats about it . 
  culturally ? 
  oh joy of joys they had some good writers a couple of hundred years ago and wrote a couple of good books about vampires . 
  musically ? 
  why should i even deign to pretend to give a fuck about a culture that is so big on machismo and short on dick ? 
  on their best days they 're crass , on their worst days they 're crass bullies in knock off adidas tracksuits . 
  so we need to play nice to some butthurt little fucks to make them feel important ? 
  no , not interested , the peasants need to learn their place in the world . 
  stop causing problems and just shut the fuck up . 
  i really do hold the current shape of russia and it 's government/culture/etc etc in utter contempt . 
  hmmm time to start using spy skills yo, 
  actually you 're wrong on multiple counts . 
  factually and materially . 
  i ) the usmc are is the branch that requested the vtol/stovl capability not the navy as such ( even though technically the usmc are a branch of the navy ) . 
  ii ) the naval version if the f-35c not the stovl which is the f-35b iii ) the fuselage design does have something to do with the stovl capability . 
  it does have the shortest range of all he f-35 variants but it is supposed to because the usmc wish to use it  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lockheed_martin_f-35_lightning_ii#f-35b  the u.s marine corps plans to disperse its f-35bs among forward deployed bases to enhance survivability while remaining close to a battlespace , similar to raf harrier deployment late in the cold war which relied on the use of off-base locations that offered short runways , shelter , and concealment . 
  known as distributed stovl operations ( dso ) , marine f-35bs would sustain operations from temporary bases in allied territory within the range of hostile ballistic and cruise missiles , but be moved between temporary locations inside the enemy 's 24 - to 48-hour targeting cycle . 
  this strategy accounts for the f-35b 's short range , the shortest of the three variants , with mobile forward arming and refueling points ( m-farps ) accommodating kc-130 and mv-22 osprey aircraft to rearm and refuel the jets , as well as littoral areas for sea links of mobile distribution sites on land . 
  m-farps could be based on small airfields , multi-lane roads , or damaged main bases , while f-35bs would return to u.s. navy ships , rear-area u.s. air force bases , or friendly carriers for scheduled maintenance ; metal planking would be needed to protect unprepared roads from the f-35b 's engine exhaust , which would be moved between sites by helicopters , and the marines are studying lighter and more heat-resistant products . 
  similar in concept to how the gripen can use motorways and etc, 
  my only real main concern is the monoculture that is created with the f-35 and thus we are in effect putting all our eggs in one basket for 2-3 services of many nations . 
  woops typo on the phone, 
  woops typo on the phone, 
  it 's not even a fifth gen fighter though . 
  it 's a 4.5 gen aircraft . 
  fifth gen or `` the next gen '' is the f-22 or f-35 a/b/c and if we 're counting prototypes too then the j-10 and pak fa, 
  it probably did n't help that the girl was quite pretty if the photographs are anything to judge by . 
  having grown up with two sisters who had careers as professional models the meanness of other girls if you 're considered quite attractive can be quite extreme . 
  yes it is a british euphemism for suicide , the phrase `` not treating the incident as suspicious '' is code for it . 
  http://www.samaritans.org/media-centre/media-guidelines-reporting-suicide http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/the-only-way-is-ethics-when-reporting-suicides-we-need-to-use-considerable-discretion-a6804931.html http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/comment/the-only-way-is-ethics-the-difficult-business-of-reporting-suicide-10400277.html basically years ago there were some studies in the 80 's or so when journalists reported on suicides in graphic detail and then bam an increase in copycats . 
  so now they talk around the subject matter so as not to encourage/enable copycats . 
  yes of course it was , but did the idiot have to make it so easy to be distorted ? 
  if memory serves me right the leopard 2 tanks have a steering wheel which actually makes driving the tank a lot easier around . 
  also someone just shouted over my shoulder that while the steering helps a little the biggest thing is that the leopard 2 has a friggin amazing transmission system . 
  no , continental europe does n't encourage startups , the whole business climate in mainland europe is acutely antithetical to companies that can , will and do change the status quo . 
  see http://www.wsj.com/articles/europe-is-struggling-to-foster-a-startup-culture-1431992065 http://venturebeat.com/2016/03/13/why-europe-lags-behind-the-us-in-vc-investment/ http://uk.businessinsider.com/british-tech-workers-paid-less-than-americans-hired-salary-data-015-7 http://urbs.london/london-leads-europe-but-lags-behind-us-as-tech-start-up-base-says-survey/2606 http://techcrunch.com/2010/09/17/guest-post-why-europe-lags-the-u-s-in-technology-startups/ asylum seekers are going the most expedient route and that is mainly via europe because of their geographical locale , but guess where the most refugees in the world are located ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_refugee_population first largest total refugeee population in a `` european '' ( not european union ) is turkey and then russia , america comes after that , the first western european nation in the list is france . 
  good argument so far ... 
  except for you know ... facts . 
  ttp is n't even a known factor yet and trying to take that into account is a joke . 
  you 're seriously fucking stretching this now . 
  saying canada and australia are european too , and saying that a safety net does n't exist in taiwan or japan because you have to work to get something out of them ? 
  the fuck are you smoking ? 
  we only give benefits out to people who put in too . 
  do you think we just shit out money and give it to everyone ? 
  an even easier way would just be to reduce their content libraries in europe to meet the 20 % requirement . 
  done . 
  they really do , they just know they do n't have the skills as of yet to build or run one . 
  aircraft carriers really are n't simple . 
  it would also help to have aircraft to fly off them . 
  they do n't want to be like the russian navy with the kuznetsov ... lol, 
  you 're really really desperate to paint us similar to continental europeans . 
  economically the best you can come up with is that we have a welfare state ? 
  ignoring the fact that we encourage startups and have venture capital and issuing equity as a means of funding instead of going for a bank loan ? 
  the laws ? 
  we 're discussing getting rid of the echr so you know that 's moot . 
  also the form of the law matters because it has a substantive effect on the law itself because we do n't do the napoleonic code there are actual limits on how far the law can stretch as opposed to on the continent . 
  or how it shapes our entire business climate and the shape and form of our economy . 
  so we have a social safety net that makes us europeans ? 
  that 's an entirely low bar to set . 
  you could say any state with a social safety net is european , does that mean canada , japan , taiwan and australia are european too ? 
  stop stretching . 
  you can say the queen does n't matter but she exerts a ton of soft/hidden influence on us and you might want to consider that the armed forces swear an oath to the queen , not the nation , not the government but to the queen . 
  not really . 
  i have to say i completely agree with him , i 've said it before and i 'll say it again , anytime the uk tries to exert influence to reform or object to something the eu/ec proposes we get accused of being `` not european enough '' or `` standing in the way of an ever closer union '' `` typical british being anti-eu '' etc etc etc blah blah blah , where the hell do you think france would be willing to listen to the uk ? 
  or italy ? 
  or spain ? 
  how the hell could we even lead with that attitude being thrown at us constantly ? 
  we 're more liberal economically then most of southern and western europe , we 're far less protectionist than france , spain or italy to say the least ( see how we 're willing to let big british companies fail or get bought out ) . 
  our way of financing startups is way more alike the usa then it is the rest of continental europe ( ce from now on i 'm tired of typing it all out ) . 
  politically we 're far more to the right of most of ce and add in the importance of our constitutional monarchy , not to say other parts of ce do n't cherish their monarchs but we seem to still hold them dear to our hearts compared to the rest . 
  legally we 're common law vs civil law napoleonic/germanic/whatever code . 
  culturally ? 
  mix all these three together and the way we 're massive cultural exporters but only really import from the us and a few smattering token non us/non uk/non anglosphere entertainers here and there . 
  http://aviationweek.com/awin/growth-plan-safety-front-and-center-egyptair  oct 15 , 2009 robert wall  egyptair is hoping a recent spate of problem-free aircraft inspections in europe will help it resolve issues that european union safety inspectors identified . 
  in issuing its last airline blacklist , the eu voiced strong concerns about egyptair 's safety performance and questioned some of the remedial actions the airline had proposed . 
  it signaled it would keep a close eye on the airline in advance of another review in november . 
  http://uk.businessinsider.com/worst-airlines-in-the-world-2010-12?op=1  the biggest complaints for this airline is service from flight crew and comfort . 
  people found service crew to be inattentive , the seats uncomfortable and plane bathrooms dirty . 
  etc etc. . . 
  i will give you this though . 
  the a320s are bloody safe aircraft , but it entirely depends if the maintenance was kept up . 
   and yes , you guys are culturally and politically similar to europe . 
  no one will confuse you for the us or china , for instance . 
  how ? 
  seriously i really want to know .
