   while an employee can not ` leave ' his sex , skin colour , ethnicity , sexual orientation , age or disability ` at the door ' upon entering his employer 's premises , he may be expected to moderate the exercise of his religion in the workplace , be this in relation to religious practices , religiously motivated behaviour or ( as in the present case ) his clothing . 
  the measure of restraint which an employee can be required to exercise depends on a comprehensive assessment of all the relevant circumstances of the case in question . 
  i think it 's a fair opinion personally . 
  the failure of the eu to handle the debt crisis for those most vulnerable , the failure of the eu to form a cohesive response in the face of russian aggression in ukraine , the failure of the eu to work out a way to handle the syrian refugees and hordes of economic refugees trying to profit from their misery , the failure of the eu to fix the issues of greece or the endemic economic inequality that still occurs between northern and southern europe , the failure of the eu to handle the very legitimate concerns about the democratic deficit within the eu itself , the failure of the eu to handle genuine security threats such as in paris and belgium . 
  frankly the only idiot i see here is you . 
  and then kept them in relative poverty for how many decades ? 
  err yes , i did differentiate . 
  thank you for agreeing with me ? 
  sorry , you 're right about the bonds , i misread it as backwards , but seriously , protectionism only protects inefficient markets and creates the mess of unemployment in france and greece . 
  it protects inefficiencies and from competition from disruptive innovation . 
  do you want us all to go back to a shuttle loom or something ? 
  also fiat kinda gained the whole us market with chrysler ... so your point again ? 
  here is the thing ok ? 
  continental europe is incredibly protectionist , from greek laws regulating the number of pharmacists allowed per 1000 people ( i 'm not joking ! ), 
  and not letting you buy aspirin from a supermarket ( 100 % serious ) . 
  then we have france , employers can be barred from making redundancies if the company or parent company is profitable . 
  spain enforces a similar profitability condition but the employer only has to post losses for three quarters . 
  that 's just if you want to make redundancies , but say you want to fire someone ... read here ... http://www.nytimes.com/2006/03/28/world/europe/28iht-letter.html?_r=0 it 's just so complicated it 's ridiculous . 
  this is why the unemployment rate in france is at 10.5 % . 
  the old fuckers are all still in their jobs and you ca n't fire them . 
  this leads to a culture of everyone being on temporary contracts because it 's damn near impossible and fucks guess which group the hardest . 
  the myth of french productivity ? 
  http://www.theguardian.com/small-business-network/2015/jul/13/french-workers-more-productive-brits  dr steve priddy , director of research at the london school of business and finance ( lsbf ) and academic dean for the grenoble school of business . 
  he warns against making any comparison between france and the uk on the basis of the data that actually exists . 
   priddy argues that the report does n't take into account legislation that reduced the statutory working week in france and it is therefore unfair to compare like with like . 
  he explains : `` your denominator is much lower and therefore productivity is going to be showing that much higher . '' he reiterates the point that contractual hours may not reflect the real amount of time a person worked . 
   writing for the conversation earlier this year john van reenen , director of the centre for economic performance at the london school of economics and political science , made the point that productivity statistics are affected by the fact that unemployment is much higher in france . 
  this means the `` least productive individuals are therefore not employed , which flatters the french productivity numbers '' . 
  also it factors into the computation of working hours . 
  the data on working hours is typically borrowed from the ilo . 
  the ilo discourages inter-country comparison of working hours because countries compute their hours differently . 
  to further explain what van reenen meant is that france has a lower employment-to-population ratio ( 50 vs 57 for the uk , employment to population ratio ) . 
  typically , it means that more capable individuals work more productively , while the unemployed never produce those `` working hours '' that would go into the denominator of productivity . 
  in result , you see higher productivity simply because the employed workforce is different . 
  for example , this means the uk includes more young workers whereas those same young people in france simply do n't have a job at all . 
  i would n't argue that `` socialism '' is why we do n't have big cars and parking and driving around though . 
  that article is conflating two entirely different things . 
  we 've got old cities in europe . 
  look london itself is 2000 years old or tiny flats/apartments/homes it 's because the layout of the city is old ... athens is what ? 
   earliest human presence 11th -- 7th millennium bc , recorded history begins in 1400 bc . 
  paris ? 
   archaeological evidence indicates human habitation as early as 4200 bc . 
  during the gallic wars , caesar 's armies set fire to lutetia `` a town of the parisii , situated on an island on the river seine . '', 
  while only a garrison at best on the \u00cele de la cit\u00e9 during some periods after 1st and 2nd century , was renamed paris in 360 ad lisbon ? 
  continuously inhabited since 1200 bc ... american style giant fucking cars are n't going to cut it on roads originally designed for horses and carts and people on feet or cattle that have been there for a couple of thousand years , let me show you . 
  http://i.imgur.com/iblv3jw.png can you imagine trying to fit a ford f150 down that road ? 
  lol , not saying you ca n't drive an f series truck in london , of course you can , but i 'd rather buy something fit for purpose . 
  he is right about the cost of fuel though , you guys have almost no taxes on your gas . 
  ( btw does anyone know wtf benzine is ? ), 
  my home was built over 200 years ago it 's small by american standards but i ca n't tear it down because of the neighbours wall is my wall on both sides . 
  you imagine trying to shove in a giant supermarket somewhere in central london with a : the property prices being what they are and b : where the hell do we park ? 
  why is there no parking in london ? 
  because everyone has a sodding car !, 
  :p they 're not luxuries they 're just expensive to run and life is easier in not having to worry about traffic and parking and etc. 
  see nyc most new yorkers prefer to live without a car because in the city having one is just a giant pain . 
  here 's an old saying in the uk 200 miles is a long way , in the usa 200 years is a long time . 
  also his comment about half of our money earned being paid in taxes , is n't it in some of the more expensive states in the usa you could end up paying about half of your income too ? 
  federal + state + municipality etc ? 
  so yeah , not the smartest article written , some truths and a lot of ignorance . 
  so you 're saying it has banned protectionism ? 
  http://capx.co/the-eus-digital-protectionism-will-cost-europe-dear/  whereas his predecessor , neelie kroes , was a dutch liberal who championed the potential of disruptive new technologies to shake up cosy cartels , benefit consumers and boost economic growth , oettinger is a german corporatist who unabashedly advances german business interests . 
  worse , he does not fight for the german digital start-ups stunted by domestic red tape , underinvestment and a risk-averse culture , but rather for the dinosaurs from the analogue age who feel threatened by american competition and are looking to brussels for protection . 
  traditional media companies , such as the axel springer group , resent their reliance on google to drive traffic to their sites and its ability to sell advertising based on snippets of their content . 
  part-state-owned deutsche telekom hates that its customers use its network to make calls on skype , send messages on whatsapp and watch videos on netflix and youtube , without it earning additional revenues from those services . 
  tui , the world 's largest travel agency and tour operator , feels threatened by tripadvisor . 
  retailers fear amazon 's ever expanding empire . 
  germany was the first eu country to introduce a national ban on uber , the ride-hailing app , at the behest of local taxi firms . 
  last but not least , germany 's mighty industrial lobby frets that american tech companies could eat their manufacturing lunch . 
  as oettinger himself put it : `` if we do not pay enough attention , we [ sic ] might invest in producing wonderful cars but those selling the new services for the car would be making the money . '' it is widely believed in britain that the german government is a natural ally in pursuing a single market in services . 
  but that is n't true . 
  germany 's mercantilist establishment is all in favour of free trade in manufactures , where it has a comparative advantage , but not in services , where it is often a laggard . 
   since germany 's clout in brussels has never been greater , the commission 's agenda for the `` digital single market '' reflects that protectionist agenda . 
  it is no accident that oettinger got the digital portfolio . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/inefficiency-and-protectionism-rule-european-union-defense-industry-a-938326.html  this is what happens in the european defense industry : whenever a major contract is in the offing somewhere in the world , the european nations compete against one another . 
  but when they are the ones procuring military equipment , they isolate themselves and ignore all rules of reason and the market in the interest of protecting the domestic defense industry . 
   with too much competition for foreign contracts and no functioning domestic market within the eu , the national governments are essentially engaging in what they refer to on paper as `` joint security and defense policy . '', 
  `` the fragmentation of the european defense market is a big problem , '' says austrian general wolfgang wosolsobe , head of the eu military staff . 
  `` if we do n't change our ways , it raises the long-term question of whether we , as the eu , can preserve our autonomy in defense policy . '', 
  http://www.economist.com/node/5090886  a sour protectionist mood has gripped politicians of all stripes , even those who backed the constitution . 
  `` france will never let europe become a mere free-trade area , '' wrote president chirac in 25 european newspapers ahead of the hampton court meeting . 
  his centre-right government has been incensed by the offer from peter mandelson , europe 's ( british ) trade commissioner , to cut farm tariffs as part of the doha round of trade talks . 
  philippe douste-blazy , france 's foreign minister , says europe `` must not sacrifice '' the common agricultural policy ( cap ) : it was cut far enough by an eu deal in 2003 , and mr mandelson should n't yield more . 
   even would-be reformers , such as nicolas sarkozy , the interior minister , for whom no french taboos are sacred ( especially if they are dear to his rival , mr chirac ) , has beat the protectionist drum . 
  mr mandelson 's proposals , he wrote in les echos newspaper , were `` not acceptable '' : they would bring `` the dismantling of the cap and europe 's renunciation of its status as an agricultural power '' . 
   these outbursts follow a string of others . 
  president chirac bashed the european commission for failing to stop hewlett-packard , an american firm , slashing its french workforce . 
  his prime minister , dominique de villepin , mutters about `` economic patriotism '' : he denounced a rumoured takeover by pepsico of danone , a french dairy firm , as an attack on a `` crown jewel '' , and has named ten `` strategic '' industries -- including casinos -- that must be sheltered from foreign predators . 
  1 ) that could be true but it was also politically untenable for the german people to bail out greece . 
  nice narrative you 're building there . 
  2 ) `` just look at how fiat have faired pre/post euro . '' ? 
   fiat acquired lancia in 1968 , became a shareholder of ferrari in 1969 , took control of alfa romeo from the italian government in 1986 , purchased maserati in 1993 , and became the full owner of chrysler group llc in 2014 . 
  seriously , what in gods name are you even talking about ? 
  3 ) the ez has no direct control on what individual governments offer on their bonds and i 'm pretty sure what you said does n't actually make any sense in the context of what you 're saying so ... you know ... 4 ) yeah ok just ... 
  i do n't even know what to say . 
  great , you watched some videos on youtube . 
  * sigh * some days i really do wonder why i even bother . 
  what 's even funnier is when the imf warned that uk gdp could shrink between 1.5 % to 9.5 % ... that would be an even larger shrinkage then ww1 or ww2 btw ... or the great depression ... lol, 
  no one wants to move to paris or frankfurt . 
  because stocks and shares are far more fungible and liquid as an asset but also far more volatile while real estate comes generally as a long term investment . 
  i think this is the one time it 's ok for the cia/svr/mss / sis etc etc the whole world actually , to all work together and steal this secret for the good of all .
