  i simply do n't see it at all . 
  the uk is wildly different politically and culturally , i notice you ignored my economic and legal comments , they both stemmed from the cultural background and are so intertwined its not even funny . 
  to say we 're culturally the same and offer absolutely no justifications is yeah no . 
  also to say we 're needed to reform europe ? 
  *** every single fucking time we object to something from the eu or reform it every single fucking time *** comments of `` be more european ! '', 
  `` stop trying to stop europe from happening ! '', 
  `` stop getting in the way of the ever closer union ! '', 
  come flooding out . 
  so no fuck it . 
  i 'm done . 
  germany is more than welcome to try and run this shithouse . 
  otoh it is bloody egyptair https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/egyptair#incidents_and_accidents, 
  uh , no . 
   postwar britain famously lost an empire but could n't find a role ; now , germany has acquired an empire of sorts but ca n't work out how to run it . 
  all of europe 's problems -- the flood of syrian refugees , the euro crisis , vladimir putin 's belligerence , the euro zone 's anemic growth , eastern europe 's drift toward rampant nationalism , brexit -- keep landing in angela merkel 's lap . 
  germany 's chancellor has usually found some way to cope , most obviously by kicking each problem down the autobahn . 
  but she lacks the power ( and too often the inclination ) to lead europe , while her partners , even when they do n't obstruct her , do very little to help . 
  so the problems drift , and frustration in berlin mounts . 
   the overriding worry is that a vicious cycle has begun : as germany gets ever more frustrated with europe 's inability to change , it gets ever less likely to lead , so the change it wants becomes ever less likely to happen . 
  in a strange way , brexit might alter this dynamic . 
  merkel is desperate to keep britain within europe because she sees david cameron , for all his little englander elements , as a voice for reform . 
   yet if britain were to opt to leave and other countries threatened to hold referendums , then even the cautious merkel might be forced to seize the moment and bully reforms through brussels to create a more cohesive , modern euro zone with a deeper single market . 
  hence an irony for johnson and his fellow brexiters : the dominant germany they fear is more likely to come into being if britain votes to leave the union . 
  where in the article does it even begin to suggest that the uk leads ? 
  i honestly hold zero rancour towards europe , europeans or the european union , i just find my own particular military , political , economic and cultural interests lie in a radically different direction . 
  instead of trying to force a marriage where no one is unhappy why not let us just split up and see where we could both be happy alone ? 
  my actual irritation stems from this demand that we join in . 
  why ? 
  i do n't want to . 
  i do n't want to be in this club telling me that i 'm this that or the other when i 'm saying i 'm not . 
  where the hell do you get off on telling me i am x , y or z ? 
  does the uk share a similar national political system to continental europe ? 
  not really . 
  does the uk share a similar economic model/basis to continental europe ? 
  absolutely not . 
  does the uk share even a remotely similar legal system to continental europe ? 
  god no . 
  so purely by dint of geography we 're the same ? 
  that 's utter bollocks . 
  which is why i absolutely do n't want the bloody job at all . 
  we did . 
  notice the referendum ? 
  i 'm not saying the germans are willing to give us the leadership of europe , i do n't think i ever did , someone else suggested that no ? 
  frankly i do n't think we the british would ever be capable of leading europe , we simply do n't understand continental europe very well . 
  we just are n't very similar culturally , legally or economically from the way we do business to the laws underpinning our societies . 
   everybody knew that the eu was more than just a trading bloc . 
  it is just that your politicians and media sold it to you as a trading bloc . 
  errr it was the eec back then the eu was n't even a twinkle in anyones eye and it was specifically sold that way at all to everyone . 
  actually when the european coal and steel community was formed the european economic community and the european defence community was proposed along with the european political community . 
  when the edc and epc were stillborn projects a couple of years after proposal everyone just stopped talking about it being a supranational governmental organisation and agreed it should be just a trading bloc instead . 
  when we spoke about reforms in the uk we saw the liberalisation of the economy so there is less protectionism and more of an open market , like in greece the protections offered to pharmacists , or in france with just the way they 're so frikkin french ... greece http://qz.com/183989/greece-has-a-truly-absurd-number-of-pharmacists/  in fact , greece has the largest number of pharmacists , per inhabitant , in all of europe . 
  on a per capita basis , there are more than twice as many greek pharmacists as french or spanish ones , 74 % more than in bulgaria -- greece 's nearest competitor in druggist density -- and an astonishing 17 times as many as in denmark . 
   according to the oecd , greece is one of the few eu countries that sets prices for over-the-counter drugs , such as aspirin , and restricts their distribution solely to licensed pharmacies . 
  regulations limit the ownership of pharmacies to actual pharmacists ( and each pharmacist is allowed to own only one ) . 
  they dictate where new pharmacies may open , based on population and distance requirements . 
  they set opening hours ; pharmacists who wish to work beyond those hours must inform their local pharmacists ' association and the local prefecture . 
  pharmacy owners must employ one actual pharmacist for every three assistants . 
  the list goes on . 
  the result of all these rules is a tidy little cushion of profits . 
  the oecd reports that the retail margins for greek pharmacists , as a share of final retail price , are more than four percentage points higher than those of pharmacists elsewhere in the eu . 
  so the very nature of the greek economy is inefficient and leads to ... well this mess . 
  this story from 2001 http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/business/1402878.stm  m&s caused a storm in france when it announced it was closing its 38 stores in continental europe , including all 18 in france , to concentrate on its more profitable british market . 
   the move sparked heated reactions from the french government , which is now looking at ways to make it harder for profitable companies to fire employees . 
  what ? 
  seriously ? 
  this is the image that we in the uk hold of the french people . 
  so all of this talk of reforms is n't just for greece it needs to be applied to across the entirety of the eurozone . 
  well i can only speak for myself , but i see the ongoing mess that is france and the southern european states and think the only way to sort it out would be by fiat and that leads to accusations of dictatorial autocratic etc etc etc it 's just a miserable sodding job and i know it sure as shit does n't come with empire tier pay . 
  no thanks . 
  just wondering , what kind of newspaper dagens nyheter is ? 
  is it a tabloid ? 
  respected ? 
  sun/daily mail vs the financial times just trying to get a handle on the reliability of the source material and my level of appropriate skepticism . 
  wikipedia was n't very helpful . 
  i agree with this but have a caveat , but , well we the british ( on the balance of things ) never saw the eec as anything more than an economic trading bloc , we did n't believe it ever needed to be more than that so leadership ? 
  why ? 
  it was originally an organisation about doing deals to be able to make more deals . 
  the problem as i personally see it is like this german does n't want to and nor can it lead . 
  i run the risk of godwining my own reply here and i do n't intend to really but we all see the elephant in the room even though no one wants to acknowledge it . 
  ww2 , this is why germany ca n't lead . 
  there would be so many voices inside of europe saying nazi this or that if germany takes a tough line on anything that someone even feels remotely unhappy about which i feel makes germans rightfully cautious of wanting to take a strong/hard line on anything . 
  we only have to see the recent greek crisis or boris johnsons remarks to see what i 'm talking about . 
  the problem is even if you have reasonable comments like the one boris actually made ...  `` the whole thing began with the roman empire . 
  i wrote a book on this subject , and i think it 's probably right . 
  the truth is that the history of the last couple of thousand years has been broadly repeated attempts by various people or institutions -- in a freudian way -- to rediscover the lost childhood of europe , this golden age of peace and prosperity under the romans , by trying to unify it . 
  napoleon , hitler , various people tried this out , and it ends tragically . 
  the eu is an attempt to do this by different methods . 
  but fundamentally what it is lacking is the eternal problem , which is that there is no underlying loyalty to the idea of europe . 
  there is no single authority that anybody respects or understands . 
  that is causing this massive democratic void . '', 
  it 's not that bad really is it ? 
  but it ended up getting twisted by the media into something like the greek cartoons that showed schauble or merkel as nazis . 
  so we end up seeing the uk who is n't interested in leadership because they never saw it as a part of the deal and also think it 's an ungrateful job , and the germans who do n't want the job because of inevitable complaints about you know what . 
  because military decisions made by committee always work so well ... 
  why ? 
  for the most part katana 's , while they had a shit ton of work put into them , were 99 % junk as shit because of the poor quality of the ore they had access to . 
  yup it was when the original versions of word and then office came out they sucked , but ms kept on improving and wp et al did n't . 
  wordperfect was better ? 
  really ? 
  i 'm so annoyed we should be number 1 !,
