or with all the corruption , and the fraudulent deal with goldman sachs i have a strong feeling all of the rest of europe believes that greece is corrupt . 
  i mean greece has no tax evasion right ? 
  there is absolutely no bribery that occurs at all levels of society in greece right ? 
  so with a background like that why the fuck would i believe some wild story involving a conspiracy or the fact that you 're all throwing mud at a guy and yet again blaming everyone else for your fuckups . 
  again . 
  how many times has greece been insolvent in history again ? 
  http://www.isi-web.org/8741  the isi has undertaken action in specific cases . 
  an overview of the isi letters , statements and discussion papers is given below :  greece  open letter from isi on matters related to judicial proceedings in greece  the isi has published an open letter regarding the judicial proceedings in greece against mr andreas georgiou , the president of elstat , and comments from two former elstat members about the organization of an open meeting entitled ` intrusion of the judiciary in the course of the production of official statistics ' during the world statistics congress in hong kong . 
  dated 16th september 2013  the isi issued a statement to express its profound disappointment and serious concern over the prosecution of mr andreas georgiou , president of the hellenic statistical authority ( elstat ) and two of his elstat managers . 
   supporters are invited to endorse the statement by subscribing here . 
  the names will be published on the website . 
   dated 28th february 2013  letter by the isi president to the president of the hellenic statistical authority , mr. andreas georgiou , in support of his endeavour to comply with the high international standards for producing good quality and impartial statistical information about the greek economy and society . 
  dated 5th january 2012 http://www.isi-web.org/images/news/20130304isigreece-statement.pdf  mr georgiou was appointed by the greek parliament in 2010 to help with the production of reliable greek statistics . 
  he has a background with the imf and is fully aware of the importance of the integrity and trust in official statistics to the effective governance of countries . 
  the public finance problems of greece were due in part to poor and erroneous statistics over a number of years which meant that the seriousness of the situation was not addressed earlier with less austere economic and social policy adjustments . 
  the poor state of greek public finance statistics before 2010 is spelled out in a report on the greek government deficit and debt statistics , published by the european commission in january 2010 . 
   assisted by eurostat , the statistical authority of the european union , mr georgiou and his team at elstat went about their work to recompile greek public finance statistics in accordance with the standards of the eu . 
  eurostat monitored this work and endorsed that it conformed with eu rules and standards with which greece as a member of the eu is obliged to comply . 
  eurostat has published the greek public finance statistics compiled by mr georgiou and his team without reservation biannually for five consecutive times . 
  in a recent public announcement the director general of eurostat said that mr georgiou retains his full confidence . 
  further the director general emphasized that eurostat refutes allegations that the deficit of 2009 was over-estimated or that any pressure was put on elstat to falsify data . 
  now what was it that you said ? 
   andreas georgiou the then head of elstat who was a political appointee with no proper background in statistics oh and  the head of elstat at the time probably did that because he was a political appointee chosen by germany to serve german interests and screw over greece . 
  nikos logothetis says germany protected him . 
  yes , i 'm sure eurostat and the isi are part of an overweening german conspiracy against the poor , humble and honest people of greece . 
  i do n't actually think it 's humanly possible for me to be any more i ) sarcastic and ii ) utterly contemptuous of your outright lying , fabrication and denial . 
  see here also http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ca979904-2216-11df-98dd-00144feab49a.html, 
  on average , self-employed greeks spend 82 % of their monthly reported income servicing debt . 
  to put this number in perspective , the standard practice in consumer finance ( in the united states as well as greece ) is to never lend to borrowers such that loan payments are greater than 30 % of monthly income . 
  and that is the upper limit a number of banks in southern europe told us point blank that they have adaptation formulas to adjust clients ' reported income to the bank 's best estimate of true income , and furthermore , that these adjustments are specific to occupations . 
  take the examples of lawyers , doctors , financial services , and accountants . 
  in all of these occupations , the self-employed are paying over 100 % of their reported income flows to debt servicing on consumer loans . 
  http://i.imgur.com/zixhmwe.png this is 2009 data . 
  one third of the greeks were self employed then . 
  http://www.chicagobooth.edu/blogs/informingreform/docs/taxevasion.pdf pssst what this means in plain english is that it was n't the oligarchs fucking everyone over with tax evasion it was the greek people fucking themselves over with tax evasion . 
  so there already was a haircut , a 53 % haircut , of 2012 money of roughly $ 125bn ... which dwarfs the 32bn deutsche marks owed in the 50 's if we factor in inflation and etc , then the german debt forgiveness in 1953 was about $ 30bn in todays money . 
  from this source http://www.neurope.eu/article/greek-debt-haircut-takes/  holders of a total value of $ 206bn of greek bonds are being requested to participate in this exercise , which comprises a ` haircut ' of 53.5 % of the nominal value of their titles . 
  so lets say the number at the end of the day forgiven is $ 109bn so plugging that into an inflation calculator and so on ... dum de dum ... $ 101bn euros . 
  it 's still three times more than the german debt , even with a 50 % haircut , what the fuck do you want ? 
  complete debt forgiveness ? 
  http://www.marketwatch.com/story/greek-bondholders-to-take-50-haircut-2011-10-26  european leaders announced a deal early thursday in which private investors in greek government debt will take a 50 % writedown on the value of their holdings as part of a wide-ranging package of measures designed to stem the euro-zone debt crisis . 
   the haircut will be a voluntary agreement with private creditors and is expected to be finalized by the start of 2012 . 
  an involuntary writedown could have potentially constituted a `` credit event '' that would have required the payout on billions of euros in credit default swaps , instruments used to insure debt against non-payment . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_government-debt_crisis#unsustainable_and_accelerating_debt-to-gdp_ratios  the second period with accelerating debt-to-gdp ratios was in 2008 -- 13 , where the ratio grew from 103 % ultimo 2007 to 175 % ultimo 2013 ; and in fact would have been up at a record high 216 % ultimo 2013 , if the debt haircut and debt buy-back towards private holders of greek government bonds had not been performed in 2012 . http://scholarship.law.duke.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=5343&amp;context=faculty_scholarship  the greek debt restructuring of 2012 stands out in the history of sovereign defaults . 
  it achieved very large debt relief -- over 50 per cent of 2012 gdp -- with minimal financial disruption , using a combination of new legal techniques , exceptionally large cash incentives , and official sector pressure on key creditors . 
  greek gdp at 2012 was us$ 250bn so ... 
  ah ok , i was wracking my brain and thinking `` is that some kind of slang or jargon for some kind of authoritarian ? '', 
  after much googling i came up with nary an answer . 
  lol !, 
  mobile device autocorrect i 'm guessing ? 
  parka attic authoritarian ? 
  could you please explain that ? 
  you 're correct both of you , but i would like to point out this , many many forms of restructuring went in place with the marshall plan that the host nations agreed to . 
  also there was a massive haircut on the loan . 
   this debt restructure not only converted `` high rate bonds with short maturity '' to `` low rate bonds with long maturity '' ( which significantly lowered the debt costs ) , but also introduced a direct 53.5 % haircut to the nominal value of all government debt held by private bond owners . 
  also http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/02/25/us-eurozone-germany-greece-idustre81o0f120120225  the german government says it wants to help greece develop a modern tax administration and has started recruiting volunteers for greek duty . 
  more than 160 german tax officials with english language skills have signed up and about a dozen also speak greek , a spokesman for the finance ministry said . 
   the respected magazine wirtschaftswoche quoted finance ministers in two states , north rhine-westphalia ( nrw ) and hesse , saying they were ready to send german tax officials to greece even though it was unclear whether such assistance was wanted . 
   schaeuble and other german government leaders have repeatedly offered to help athens improve tax collection and he has complained the offers have not been accepted . 
   a report by the european union 's task force in november said that greece has 60 billion euros in unpaid taxes due to tax avoidance and lack of compliance - an amount equal to around 25 percent of greek gross domestic product ( gdp ) add it to the greek handling of the lagarde list ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lagarde_list#delivery_to_greek_authorities which reads like a greek comedy or a tragedy or a , fuck if i know ... 
  but gems like  papakonstantinou later told a parliamentary inquiry that he `` handed all the files to the new head of the tax police '' - the greece 's financial and economic crime unit ( sdoe ) - `` and asked him to proceed with a full investigation '' . 
  however , the tax authorities chose not to proceed and papakonstantinou left office in mid-2011 , and the *** cd went missing . 
  ***  papakonstantinou 's successor , evangelos venizelos , now the current head of the pasok socialists , produced a copy on a memory stick and began a limited investigation as to whether any of those listed had evaded taxes . 
  the investigation only looked at around ten politicians and no legal action was taken . 
  *** it was only when the current finance minister yannis stournaras heard about the lost information , and wanted to ask paris for a copy , that venizelos supposedly remembered the usb stick in the drawer of his secretary . 
  ***  on 28 october 2012 , greek reporter and editor kostas vaxevanis claimed to be in possession of the list and published a document with 2,056 names in his magazine hot doc . 
  *** the next day he was arrested for breaching privacy laws with possible sentences of up to two years in prison . 
  three days later in trial vaxevanis was found not guilty . 
  *** i just ... no words, 
  the private debt of those banks was in greek bonds , the majority of which were actually bought by greek banks , not french and german . 
  they were buying greek government debt . 
  government debt is normally seen as a pretty safe bet for developed nations . 
  it was down to the financial crash which a ) led to a liquidity trap and b ) down to the truth coming out about how the previous greek governments had flat out lied and used deceptive and frankly illegal methods of hiding the state of their finances to join the euro in collusion with goldman . 
  so all in all the money the greek gov got from eurobonds was gained by the only single definition possible and that is fraud . 
  did syriza at any point raise charges against the previous greek politicians ? 
  against goldman ? 
  so frankly tsipras and varoufakis and the nation of greece can fuck off for all i care . 
  i 've not bought into anything , i just know the actual timeline and history of the events and every single action since those fateful days has been the various greek governments and to a lesser degree the greek people playing the `` who what ? 
  it was n't me ! '', 
  game and taking fuck all responsibility or even showing the tiniest amount of fucking contrition , shame or remorse in what has gone on . 
  let me ask one final question of the apologists for the greek way of doing things . 
  we all make a mockery of the greek pension age at 55 and so many people have fucking defended it . 
  let me ask you one simple question . 
  what makes the life of a self employed trombonist or a hairdresser in germany , belgium or the uk so much less than a greek hairdresser or trombonist . 
  i 've seen so many excuses trotted out about how heavy the trombone is and having to carry it around or the `` toxic '' chemicals the hairdresser has to breathe in . 
  so why is the life of the brit or the german or the belgian trombonist/hairdresser/whatever so much less than the greeks ? 
  i mean they need to wait an extra 10 years to get their pension ... why can they do it and not the greeks ? 
  well ? 
  why do we have to bail them out . 
  again , with no contrition , no humility , no signs of even remotely wanting to make one fucking reform in the direction of paying their fucking taxes or fixing their broken and ridiculously protectionist economy or taking one single molecule of an iota of responsibility for what has happened . 
  tell me why i should write to my government and say `` give them more of our money , they 're sorry now . '', 
  why ? 
  they 're not sorry !, 
  they blame us for this mess . 
  fuck greece they should never have been in the eu in the first place and i ca n't wait for them to leave . 
   the study by researchers from the university of chicago concluded that tax evasion in 2009 by self-employed professionals alone in greece ( accountants , dentists , lawyers , doctors , personal tutors and independent financial advisers ) was $ 28 billion or 31 % of the budget deficit that year . 
  $ 28 billion . 
  $ 28 billion . 
  31 % of the 2009 budget . 
  just shy of one third of the 2009 budget .
