  there is a healthy rivalry between finland and nl in all these ` ranking ' threads . 
  they usually both score near the top , among the scandinavian countries . 
  no , there is literally nobody playing it . 
  if anyone is suspected of playing basketball covertly , they get dragged behind the shed and shot . 
  like we do with any short men we come across . 
  time to start dating latvian women and produce even taller offspring , i guess . 
  ah , the usa method of being world champions , i see . 
  are we ? 
  til . 
  because i 'm tall ? 
  frisia might have it beat . 
  suck on that , belgium and finland . 
  short men simply are less attractive to girls , so maybe it 's natural selection ? 
  wow , this joke has only been posted three times already in this same thread . 
  good job . 
  you have inherited dutch genes . 
  noone cares about basketball in the nl . 
  i bet we 'd be pretty good at it if we did . 
  we play volleyball , hockey , and football instead . 
  oh , and swimming ( got ta survive ) and ice skating , obviously . 
  edit : baseball , too . 
  and we 're not bad at road cycling either . 
  it 's still there though . 
  delete the 19:05 update please , it 's from some other shooting . 
  let 's try to keep the misinformation to a minimum . 
  i do . 
  fuck you . 
  upvoted . 
  those hookers originate from eastern europe ;-), 
  should 've slipped a euro 2016 reference in there though . 
  a + for effort . 
  i 'd be fine with being the ` courthouse ' as long as we are not part of the merkelreich . 
  they seem to have moved on to robbing elderly people in their retirement homes , here in the nl at least . 
  what 's not to like about sex ? 
  d\u00f6ner kebab is . 
  the very best . 
  praise be turkish immigrants !, 
  we live in a swamp sure , but we 're no germans . 
  ~ ~ mountain ~ ~ ** balkan ** germans feeling horny hm ? 
  damn right . 
  take that , finland !, 
  you guys must have been so pissed after losing to france . 
  welcome to the ec winners club , portugal !, 
  but goddamn what a shit tournament . 
  more like 17m vs 39m . 
  poland also has a huge diaspora ( so does portugal btw ) . 
  impressive showing for nl and por , with such small population sizes . 
  well , then that 's one good thing that 's come out of this whole mess . 
  not sore at all , i rather feel sorry for the brits who got caught in this mess . 
  you 're scaremongering . 
  i do n't care if they still feel predominantly turkish to be honest , as long as they do n't cause trouble . 
  turks integrate a lot better than moroccans , afghans and somalians here in the netherlands . 
  exactly , we do n't even speak german , unlike the swiss and austrians . 
  trying to get away from all the germans clogging our motorways on the way to digging holes in our beaches . 
  we do n't even speak german . 
  the swiss and austrians are pseudo germans , not us . 
  eh , we 're not germans . 
  huh ? 
  take that , belgium . 
  so you did n't vote for erdogan ? 
  apparently a lot of dutch turks did , which i found baffling . 
  in terms of misery , perhaps . 
  without sweden though . 
  sadly you 're right . 
  why what ? 
  nah , they got mountains . 
  i just looked through your comment history , damn son . 
  so much frustration and anger . 
  try to get out more . 
  wonder if you would as vehemently deny khedira being tunisian if he had grown up to be a criminal , rather than a successful football player . 
  your own fault for hooking up with the french . 
  pah , you italians are just jealous of our beautiful flowing tongue . 
  never heard that one before . 
  yeah i know milik ( i support ajax ) , he 's a decent striker , but if he does n't get proper balls from the midfield , there 's not much he can do ( same goes for lewy ofcourse ) . 
  yup , you guys looked pretty horrid . 
  austria as well btw , we also beat them a few days ago . 
  but hey , at least you 're going to the euros . 
  enjoy !, 
  `` dutch media fits its population '' huh ? 
  i 'll grant you lower saxony . 
  do n't know much about schleswig-holstein , that 's right below denmark right ? 
  i guess they could join as well . 
  barely . 
  he has both tunisian and german nationality . 
  we sucked even more a year ago . 
  nah , your language is ugly , ours is beautiful . 
  they have mountains . 
  we are scared of mountains . 
  we need no euros man , we 're good at more important aspects of life . 
  interesting that your opinion is almost diametrically opposed to that of moroccans i spoke to . 
  they like to claim all players of moroccan heritage , no matter where they were born/educated/trained . 
  especially the good ones . 
  very similar culture , mindset , language , hell even landscape . 
  yeah , your country would 've been a lot stronger with g\u00fcndo\u011fan and \u00d6zil though . 
  edit : apparently khedira is tunisian . 
  the lesser players opt for turkey though . 
  should they be forced to play for germany then , even though they also have turkish nationality ? 
  it may be a bit ungrateful ( or maybe they simply do n't have a chance to join the german squad ) , but it 's their choice , and their choice alone . 
  germany can invest a lot more money in their facilities and academies , though . 
  well , yeah , that 's true .
