  i 'm everything a belgian hates in dutchmen : tall , loud and arrogant ;-), 
  your infrastructure sucks quite a bit . 
  so , this guy is more buddy-buddy with sultan erdogan ? 
  awwww . 
  i really liked saying fc dnipro dnipropetrovsk . 
  pretty good team , actually . 
  damn , that has to hurt . 
  you want another friesland then ? 
   we will not install ladders and elevators to the beaches and the germans will finally stop coming . 
  fixed that for you . 
  not his fault our current crop of talent turned out to be mostly shite . 
  frisians perhaps . 
  goddamn roosendalers at it again . 
  time to give brabant to belgium . 
  of course you had to , you 're german after all . 
  i never heard that one , not even from ignorant americans . 
  you really want to pay a shitload of money to bring flanders up to speed with the rest of nl ? 
  they can be a protectorate . 
  would belgian be flemish or french ? 
  or some obscene mixture of both ? 
  welcome to 2014 . 
  that 's only because of the ruhrpott though . 
  hdf, 
  euro 2016 or swamp german, 
  fuck yeah field hockey . 
  who cares about football anyway . 
  we do . 
  i was wondering about that earlier . 
  seems like there are no walloons to be found on the interwebs . 
  i guess they suck at english , true frenchies then . 
  i know , it 's a joke . 
  i post that on any thread where netherlands scores higher than belgium , whether it 's a good thing or not . 
  take that , belgium . 
  turks hardly cause any problems here ( except when they start messing with the kurds ) . 
  moroccans on the other hand ... 
  i do n't , i actually realize the roma are a distinct people , but many people might do that , yes . 
  i studied at the university of twente for 6 years , never met a romanian . 
  i did date a bulgarian girl though :-) other than that , no bulgarians . 
  perhaps it depends on the study . 
  it 's because of your poor people/gypsies coming over here and stealing shit , i guess . 
  same goes for the bulgarians . 
  most have no experience with the average civil romanian/bulgarian citizen . 
  suck on that , belgium . 
  how do you even pronounce that ? 
  only if we can send back a pro-erdogan dutch turk for every syrian immigrant , agreed ? 
  dwars over de e30 . 
  hope s04 leave their howitzer at home . 
  ps : i still love huntelaar , hope he returns to ajax . 
  apparently they found a letter claiming responsibility . 
  if it 's authentic , i 'd say that might rule out hooligans . 
  at least , i ca n't imagine hooligans writing letters . 
  edit : rumours going round about some kind of blackmail plot against bvb . 
  yeah man , those schalke fans are out of control . 
  ajax will kick their club 's ass . 
  nah , the bus has reinforced glass , not bulletproof glass . 
  still , requires quite an explosion to crack that from a distance . 
  we already have a brabant and limburg , we definitely do n't want more of those . 
  i see what you did there . 
  let 's trade west flanders for limburg . 
  wait , what ? 
  erdo\u011fan is not in violation of international law . 
  it 's perhaps not legal in the sense of turkish law , but erdo\u011fan stopped caring about the law years ago . 
  they are turkish citizens on turkish soil , so basically he can do what he wants with them . 
  all we ( nl ) can do is protest . 
  it 's legal i guess , since they are ( also ) turkish citizens on turkish soil . 
  it 's not exactly how a democracy should act though . 
  true . 
  all we can do is protest . 
  no charges were pressed . 
  some got turned away at the airport , yes . 
  the salient point is that no charges have been pressed . 
  they are basically being held hostage . 
  also , there is no way to renounce turkish citizenship , which is automatically granted on birth . 
  edit : i was wrong . 
  it is possible to renounce turkish citizenship , you just have to jump through some hoops if you have not served in the turkish military yet : https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/onderwerpen/nederlandse-nationaliteit/vraag-en-antwoord/kan-ik-afstand-doen-van-mijn-turkse-nationaliteit-als-ik-de-turkse-dienstplicht-niet-heb-vervuld . 
   it 's no doubt illegal , but there is n't much we can do about it i suppose . 
  time for economic sanctions ? 
  knowing our government they will prefer to ` de-escalate ' again though . 
  yes , they have a dutch passport , and yes , this means turkey is holding dutch citizens hostage , since no charges were pressed . 
  this applies to german turks etc. 
  as well . 
  i am looking for an english source , feel free to use google translate in the meantime ( i 'm on mobile ) . 
  edit : / u/daantjeeuh posted a google translation . 
  apparently this travel ban applies to all turks with dual citizenship who have criticized erdo\u011fan 's regime , or have ties with the g\u00fclen movement . 
  no charges have been pressed against the majority of them . 
  basically , turkey is holding dutch ( and german etc. ), 
  citizens hostage . 
  we only did it for the paris attacks ( which were major attacks ) and the brussels attacks . 
  that 's all . 
  so no double standards here . 
  and showing the russian flag is kind of sensitive here anyway with the whole mh17 thing . 
   berlin 's senate explained on monday night that it would not night light up the brandenburg gate because st petersburg was not a twin city of berlin 's - unlike london , paris , brussels and istanbul . 
  yeah , their reasoning is weak . 
  orlando and jerusalem are not twin cities either , yet the gate lighted up in the usa/israel colors for the attacks in those cities . 
   the city of berlin said it made exceptions in these two instances because both cities were places with which the german capital shares a `` special relationship . '', 
  orlando sure sounds like a city that berlin would have a special relationship with . 
  it did light up for the orlando attack though , and also for the attack on four idf soldiers in jerusalem . 
  neither of these are in europe . 
  besides , according to most geographical criteria , st. petersburg is in europe . 
  get out , swedish spy .
