  yeah . 
  unsurprisingly it 's being downvoted . 
   herrmann said the gun club is suspected of being pegida 's `` armed branch . '', 
  several members had distributed propaganda from right-wing extremist parties . 
   herrmann added that authorities `` are concerned [ the gun club ] might try to pursue pegida munich 's anti-constitutional goals in a combative and aggressive way , for example by attacking minorities , such as refugees and muslims . '', 
  if that 's true , it 's far-right terrorism . 
  bunch of brown shirted morons . 
  you forgot the netherlands : https://www.alternatehistory.com/forum/attachments/nederlandse-scandinavische-vlag-png.135893/, 
  means the data is at least 5 months old , probably even older . 
  this is old data , the netherlands is doing better now . 
  old data , the netherlands ( 5.1 % ) now has a lower unemployment rate than flanders ( 7.1 % ) . 
  difference would be even bigger if you left out the northern provinces of the netherlands , like you did with wallonia . 
  also , holy shit , antwerp is even worse than rotterdam when it comes to unemployment . 
  not to mention brussels . 
  of course not , we suck at football . 
  plenty of people blame the peacekeeping dutch forces for not standing their ground when the bosnian serbs advanced on srebrenica . 
  never mind that they were utterly outgunned , outnumbered , and without the air support they requested . 
  the battalion ( in the end , only 400 men strong ) was there to observe a ceasefire , not to engage in armed combat with a fully outfitted bosnian serb division . 
  what would the americans do ? 
  invade several countries in retaliation , further messing up the middle east ? 
  crosspost from / r/combatfootage : https://www.reddit.com/r/combatfootage/comments/67og3q/30_pics_in_album_dutchbat_1995_srebrenica_warning/ previous upload was deleted because of erroneous captions . 
  previous / r/europe comments thread : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/67njjh/xpost_from_rcombatfootage_the_dutch_battalion/, 
  i like that . 
  can we make that our backup flag ? 
  i wonder what it would look like with red and blue flipped . 
  too bad i 'm too lazy . 
  separation of church and state . 
  google translation : almost half of the 22 amsterdam mosques of moroccan origins are under the influence of salafists . 
  the fundamentalist movement in islam has fought in the capital in recent years , with moderate mosques becoming within their spheres of influence . 
  this is shown by research by nrc . 
  in a recent annual report , aivd intelligence service warns for salafists trying to take over more moderate mosques , sometimes using violence . 
  so far , it has been assumed that salafists form a small minority within the muslim community , but in moroccan mosques their share has grown in recent years . 
  of the 22 moroccan mosques in amsterdam , seven are in the hands of salafists and another four with a salafist group within the mosque . 
  these numbers are based on the content of sermons , online expressions and sources within the moroccan-dutch community . 
  salafists strive for a return to the `` pure '' islam from the time of the prophet muhammad . 
  `` we recognize the signals of the role that salafists play in amsterdam mosques , '' says a spokesman for the municipality . 
  `` it has been the attention of the mayor for a long time . '', 
  the growth of salafism places municipalities on a dilemma . 
  they are concerned about the tendency , as some salafists express an anti-integration message that can feed radicalization . 
  at the same time , the government must abandon the course of religious institutions because of the separation of church and state . 
  the development in mosques is linked to the influence of saudi arabia . 
  dutch imams are increasingly educated at the islamic university of medina and , after returning , carry out salafism . 
  now , forty dutch people follow the training in medina , the facebook page of dutch students in medina . 
  saudi scholars are often invited to speak in dutch mosques , where they preach inequality of women , as evidenced by their lectures . 
  the clergy says , among other things , that women must put down when their husband wants to marry more women . 
  also , women are advised not to leave their home unless this is necessary . 
  children may be beaten from their tenth when they do not want to do the prayer , preaching the saudi people in the netherlands . 
  the muslim and government contact center , a mosque dome organization , wants a dutch imam education so young people do not study in saudi arabia . 
  we 're the 6th economy of europe , so not that irrelevant . 
  ungrateful ? 
  we gave them cushy lives in a modern first world democracy , and we are the ungrateful ones ? 
  they 'd still be living in some desert shithole otherwise . 
  so believing that erdo\u011fan is swell should not lead to losing your citizenship , just like believing that erdo\u011fan is an asshole does not lead to losing your citizenship . 
  yes , but these people have either joined a terrorist organisation , or have committed violent acts against our kingdom . 
  in these cases dutch citizenship can be revoked if the person in question has dual citizenship . 
  no , it does not . 
  article 1 of the dutch constitution would forbid revoking dutch citizenship from dutch turks just because they support erdogan . 
  thank god it does . 
  imagine your citizenship being revoked just because you believe in something the state does not like . 
  dutch turks are dutch citizens by definition . 
  the dutch constitution ( rightfully ) does not allow that . 
  yeah , that 's never going to happen . 
  they 're dutch citizens , so we 're stuck with them . 
  it is indeed shameful to be supporting a wannabe dictator in turkey whilst comfortably living in democratic holland . 
  google translation : nearly two out of three turkish dutch support the policies of erdogan . 
  almost as big a majority condemns the role of the netherlands in the diplomatic row with turkey . 
  this is apparent from a survey of 561 turkish dutch in that , in command of the times was carried out by ipsos and the opinion house . 
  the study took place after the netherlands two turkish ministers had denied access to the country . 
  that was the low point in the difficult relationship between the netherlands and turkey in recent months . 
  turkish dutch groups protested in rotterdam against the expansion of one of the ministers , but it was unknown how the turkish community in general looks at the conflict . 
  now it appears that about six out of ten dutch turkish support the policies of erdo\u011fan . 
  two thirds of respondents disapprove of the turkish ministers no campaign could perform in the netherlands . 
  half welcomes the fierce reaction of erdogan in the dutch attitude in the conflict . 
  four in ten are ( strongly ) agree with erdogan when he spoke of `` fascists and remnants of nazis . 
  a slightly larger proportion is not behind those statements . 
  young people under 35 supports erdogan more frequently than the over 55s . 
  under turkish dutch who voted to think in the last parliamentary elections , erdogan is still popular . 
  84 percent of voters think supports the controversial policies of the turkish president . 
  experts see that turkish-dutch young people increasingly focus on turkey jaco dagevos , professor integration and migration at the erasmus university rotterdam and researcher at the social and cultural planning office ( scp ) , said previous studies already showed that the turkish community is very loyal to her country of origin . 
  `` the degree of support to erdogan does not therefore completely unexpected . '', 
  turkish election results showed that erdogan 's akp is popular in the netherlands , but also put down an uncertain picture because it was not clear whether ups and voters equally went to the polls . 
  the turkish-dutch cultural anthropologist ibrahim yerden says the research results confirm a trend . 
  both experts see that turkish-dutch young people increasingly focus on turkey . 
  by feelings of discrimination and exclusion they have been the idea is not welcome in the netherlands . 
  yerden `` at the same time they have grown up with erdogan and they have never known other turkish leaders . 
  in erdogan they see a fighter that turnout for their turkish national and islamic identity . '', 
  ethnic turks are much more pro-erdogan than members of other sub-groups , such as kurds or alevis . 
  how big subgroups exactly , is unclear . 
  no official population figures and estimates from experts vary . 
  the volkskrant explained the examination to methodologist jelke bethlehem , which is critical comments . 
  he delivers a random sample from the database of the opinion house not representative , because the database itself would not be representative of the entire turkish community in the netherlands . 
  that ipsos groups that are underrepresented in opinion polls has imposed heavier , is good , says bethlehem , although he wonders if there should not be looked at more than just age , gender , education and region . 
  ipsos says that the method `` really is the best way '' to get a picture of the group of turkish dutch . 
  `` a panel is not representative . 
  they are people who respond to recruitment methods and different always people who do not respond to it . 
  it is the sample you draw from it . 
  these are some very serious accusations , i wonder how much of it is true . 
  sounds like a possible solution . 
  pretty sure the echr will object though . 
  so we simply dump all migrants in tunisia ?
