  wilders wants to examine whether a coalition of pvv , vvd , cda , 50plus , sgp and forum for democracy is possible . 
  outgoing prime minister rutte reiterated today that he wants to exclude the pvv from government formation . 
  during the election campaign he has repeatedly said that he does not want to go to the formation table with wilders . 
  in turn wilders last year , said that he does not want to govern with the vvd as long as rutte leads that party . 
  they are processed and turned into pasta . 
  we 're more like germanic brothers . 
   we 're proud of you , our little babies . 
  triggered, 
  43 % until now . 
  looks like we are going to hit 85 % + . 
  id is required to vote . 
  same . 
  where is my participation medal ? 
  pvv will not even get close to ` first place ' , no worries . 
  well , nl leaving srebrenica alone did not work so well last time . 
  eh , i 'm not a fan of the brits either , but calling them lizard people ? 
  well , holland , hollande , close enough . 
  nah , hundreds of cars with german license plates . 
  probably all [ trying to get to burgers ' zoo ] ( http://www.ad.nl/binnenland/burgers-zoo-bezwijkt-haast-onder-duitse-massa~a174d3fb/ ) . 
  you guys blocked the a12 into arnhem today , so shut it !, 
  i feel more sorry for all the reasonable turkbros caught in the middle of this mess . 
  you have my sympathy . 
  soon he 's going meta and calls the turkish government nazi 's for calling others nazi 's . 
  what 's next , turkish ministers following the libya route into italy ? 
  europe needs to start protecting its external borders . 
  way to overreact . 
  oh you . 
  hmm , i love me some sstroopwafels . 
  nice show of solidarity by our danish cousins . 
  we nazi 's have to stick together in these difficult times . 
  she was here to hold a campaign about the referendum in turkey . 
  the dutch government explicitly stated they do not want turkish ministers campaigning here . 
  hence , she has been sent back to germany . 
  read what ? 
  apparently not . 
  seems like they tried to get around the ` flying ban ' by sending a different minister by car from germany . 
  she was stopped by dutch police in front of the turkish consulate in rotterdam . 
  google translate : the turkish minister of family affairs kaya was stopped in rotterdam . 
  she was in a convoy that now stands at the turkish consulate in rotterdam . 
  it is unclear whether they will be returned to germany , from where they had come this evening by car to hold a campaign speech here . 
  in april , a referendum will be held in turkey on extending the power of erdogan . 
  there 's a lot of international criticism regarding this referendum . 
  the dutch government does not want turkish ministers to campaign here . 
  earlier , the minister of foreign affairs cavusoglu was not allowed to come here . 
  his plane did not get permission of the government to land in the netherlands . 
  cavusoglu will now head to metz in france tomorrow to hold a speech there . 
  who the fuck cares what the ethnicity of the attacker is . 
  the only thing that matters is his motive . 
  he is a verified paranoid-schizoid patient , so that throws terrorism out of the window , making this a local news story . 
  end of thread . 
  they 're not germanic though , are they ? 
  yeah , i 'm kind of divided on this issue . 
  i guess people here just do n't like pro-erdogan rallies because he 's turning into a dictator . 
  also , cavusoglu 's `` we go wherever we want , and meet with our citizens '' pissed a lot of people off . 
  especially the ` our citizens ' bit . 
  the dual citizenship automatically thrusted upon dutch turks has become a bit of a contentious issue , since there are some groups of turks that will not/cannot integrate properly . 
  premier rutte and vice premier asscher have strongly condemned that particular statement by cavusoglu . 
  whelp , i do n't see him coming back from that . 
  hush , you 'll spoil the surprise . 
  should be freedom ** of ** speech , obviously . 
  anyway , got ta love the hypocrisy . 
  nah , too busy exercising . 
  suck it , suomi !, 
  really ? 
  i 've been there quite a few times , and i 've always enjoyed staying there . 
  a new capital is already available : berlin !, 
  well , what are you waiting for ? 
  you have my support . 
  just leave the balkan alone this time ( do n't go full umayyad and conquer spain either ) . 
  what concerns ( that only wilders voices ) are those then ? 
  hah , very well put . 
  it definitely does . 
  vvd would lose all credibility if they accept the pvv again . 
  the others are fringe parties . 
  i would n't mind vvd + d66 + gl ( though it would be tough , especially concerning the environment ) . 
  not a fan of cda , but they 're probably needed to form a majority . 
  sure these are all problems , but is socialism to blame ? 
  would abandoning socialism fix all those problems ? 
  not in the netherlands , nor in any other sensible democratic system with proportional representation . 
  any combination of parties that forms a majority of 76 seats or more is valid . 
  thus , it 's perfectly legal for all other parties to prefer a coalition without a certain third party , as long as that threshold is met . 
  so the more reasonable parties should be forced to form a coalition with a retarded third party , just because the latter got a lot of votes ? 
  that 's not how the system works . 
  hah , i 'm not a politician though . 
  there will be no pvv in the government either way . 
  fuck wilders and his polemical hogwash . 
  he has no real solutions , only rants and raves about immigrants and the islam . 
  totale catastrofe . 
  suck it , finland !, 
  yeah , that looks like it 's expensive , buying out whole planes and guarding them almost individually . 
  unfortunately i ca n't think of any way to make it cheaper without somehow violating their civic rights . 
  if you deport them one by one , sure . 
  we had ( have ? ), 
  a similar program here in the netherlands , but it was ( partially ) cancelled when it became apparent people from safe areas like the balkans ( mainly albanians ) or north africa ( mainly moroccans ) were abusing it . 
  it 's cheap to travel to the netherlands just to receive $ 3000 . 
  curious to see how germany will prevent abuse of this program . 
  edit : apparently safe areas are excluded from this program :  the program has several restrictions in place that aim to reduce the risk of the program being abused . 
  people from certain countries or regions , including the western balkans , are not eligible and applicants also have to be without their own funds . 
  syrian citizens can not apply . 
  what the fuck , are you for real ?
