  turkey is partly european , so who gives a fuck . 
  time to build a wall to keep ze germans off our pristine beaches . 
  the eu wants to invest 400 million into the libyan coast guard for training new recruits , repairing existing vessels , and acquiring new ones . 
  both . 
  they want the libyan coast guard to operate very close to the libyan coast , stopping and returning any migration vessels . 
  in this way , they aim to remove the ` pull factor ' of the italian coast guard and several ngos rescuing migrants off shore . 
  futhermore , the eu wants to better protect the libyan southern border , and is considering using financial pressure ( such as withholding development funds ) to force countries like nigeria , eritrea , ivory coast and gambia to contain and repatriate their civilians . 
  opening paragraphs : president of the european council tusk , president of the european commission juncker , and the maltese prime minister muscat , want to shut down the libyan migration route within the next couple of months . 
  if this does not happen soon , then marine le pen and geert wilders - supported by millions of dissatisfied civilians - will destroy the eu from within , muscat warns . 
  because of the urgency of this problem , president of the european council tusk may even consider drastic measures that were off limits until recently , such as locking down the libya coast . 
  tusk calls such a solution ` raising a defensive wall ' in a confidential report to the eu states that he wrote together with muscat . 
  this afternoon , the european commission will present a series of measures that underline the urgency : `` before spring and summer roll around , decisive action will be required '' . 
  wait , what ? 
  eh , zutphen has better spots to offer . 
  those figures include internal water areas for holland , and brussels for flanders . 
  without those , nl has a higher population density . 
  aww , cute . 
  eh , it 's quality , not quantity , that matters . 
  suck it , suomi . 
  boy , i wonder how isis came into being . 
  hint : iraq . 
  love the estonian flag , excellent combination of colours . 
   german vice chancellor sigmar gabriel and interior minister thomas de maiziere believe that countries that can not accept rejected asylum seekers may not receive development aid , according to recent interviews . 
  in an interview with news magazine `` der spiegel , '' gabriel said , `` those who do not cooperate sufficiently can not hope to benefit from our development aid . '', 
  during an interview on german broadcaster ard , de maiziere agreed , saying he `` fully supports this idea . '', 
  de maiziere is planning to meet with german justice minister heiko maas on tuesday to discuss proposals regarding how to proceed with rejected asylum seekers , including holding potentially more dangerous rejected asylum seekers seen as islamists in detention before they are deported . 
  this is part of a law de maiziere drafted , but has long been on the table . 
   the us late last year announced it would send a third combat brigade to europe , pre-positioning supplies and equipment and bringing in troops in back-to-back nine month rotations . 
  around 3,500 soldiers , 87 tanks , 18 howitzers ; 419 humvees , 144 bradley fighting vehicles , 446 tracked vehicles , 907 wheeled vehicles , and 650 trailers are involved in the brigade deployment . 
   the us military and nato said they were seeking to boost inter-operability and combat readiness to be able to quickly respond to renewed threats following russia 's 2014 annexation of crimea and moscow 's hybrid warfare in eastern ukraine . 
   ray said the armor combat brigade deployment was only a part of a larger deterrent force that included equipment in `` space , cyberspace , the air and sea . '', 
  he added that the nearly 70,000 us troops in europe were adapting to new strategic realities , including russian aggression , migration and islamic radicalism . 
  did we ... did we actually beat finland this time ? 
  i must be dreaming . 
   the ever-growing divide between chancellor angela merkel 's christian democratic union ( cdu ) and its bavarian sister party , the christian social union ( csu ) , showed no sign of resolving itself on saturday , with munich 's local newspaper the `` m\u00fcnchner merkur '' reporting that the bavarian government is due on tuesday to finalize its overall concept on refugee and immigration policy in germany . 
  the `` charter '' titled `` so that germany remains germany '' was reportedly written by csu leader and bavarian premier horst seehofer . 
  at the top of the agenda is the csu 's long-time demand for an upper-limit on the number of asylum seekers accepted in germany - something bavaria aims to achieve through eu quotas . 
  for months , the csu has called a yearly cap of no more than 200,000 refugees , a move that merkel has repeatedly rejected . 
  sorry about that , i needed the upgrade . 
  save us estonia , you 're our only hope . 
  no , this just goes against the fictional narrative of ` news ' sites like breitbart which try to paint a climate of fear and terror existing in germany . 
  almost two-thirds of the - mainly moroccan and algerian - asylum seekers causing trouble in dutch asylum centers had first requested asylum in germany . 
  according to european rules they will be sent back to germany within ten weeks . 
  it is not possible to directly deport them to morocco or algeria as these countries refuse to accept them . 
  all in all , the netherlands deported about 2080 asylum seekers to germany , france and belgium in 2016 . 
  it received 1940 in return from these same countries . 
  this illustrates the current problem of ( troublesome ) asylum seekers being passed around like hot potatoes because their native countries do not cooperate . 
  being more aware and vigilant is a good response . 
  panicking and condemning all immigrants is not . 
  well yeah , that 's generally the idea . 
  i used romanian for illustrative purposes obviously . 
  should i have used polish instead ? 
  so are most turks . 
  i bet the average turk does not let fear control his entire life . 
  just because germans feel generally safe in their country does not mean they 're completely indifferent about the berlin attack . 
  they just do n't panic easily , which is a good thing . 
  well yeah , there is a bigger chance of being robbed by some romanian bloke than of encountering some terrorist fuckhead . 
  what do you propose ? 
  that all germans feel afraid all the time ? 
  they 're too rational for that . 
   domestic security and guarding against terrorist threats is only the second most-important issue for german voters . 
  in fact , only 11 percent of those surveyed believe it should be the government 's top priority . 
  the number one issue for most people is the refugee crisis . 
  some 40 percent believe it should be the priority . 
  at the same time , there has been a slight increase in the fear of crime ( plus 3 percent ) and a drop in job market confidence ( minus 10 percent ) . 
  id will probably be enough . 
  heh , at least they 're trying . 
  well yeah , that 's one of the main arguments the opponents of this plan use . 
  it 's too heavy-handed and will have little effect . 
  also , privacy concerns . 
  australia has a deal with an external country where it can ship the intercepted migrants to . 
  libya has no government , and the other countries around the mediterranean wo n't take them . 
  this is not specifically aimed at incoming terrorists , this is meant to prevent terrorists from easily moving around the eu after executing an attack , like anis amri did . 
  obviously it will not plug all the holes . 
  it just makes it more difficult for terrorists to move around , in certain situations . 
  at least , i guess that 's the idea . 
  not a fan either . 
   they are from the maghreb and near east , so the focus should go there i guess we do n't have an external border with those countries that we can shut down . 
  external borders ? 
  like the entire freaking mediterranean ? 
  people will keep crossing there . 
  i agree partially , but that takes a lot of time to do correctly . 
  in the meantime , we can make things harder for terrorists . 
  at least , that is the main idea . 
   how about we talk about a pan european security agency . 
  that could at least work . 
  you might be interested in this then : http://www.dw.com/en/ischinger-security-a-problem-and-an-opportunity/av-36995534, 
  travel by car would be exempt . 
  same for trucks etc. 
  passport checks are already mandatory for international travel by plane . 
  germany and france will join the talks later this month . 
  this is in response to the news that the suspected terrorist anis amri could freely travel throughout western europe after the attack in berlin . 
  happens in nl as well . 
  there are plenty of european bigots as well unfortunately , this retarded right-wing circlejerk is not exclusively linked to the usa or trump at all . 
  eh , i know plenty of turks and some moroccans that drink alcohol . 
  only muslim i know that does not drink alcohol is from iran . 
  i 'm guessing this thread got linked in the_donald or something like that . 
  ca n't believe the amount of stupid bullshit i 'm reading . 
  so now immigrants are to blame for people fucking around with fireworks as well ? 
  how clueless can you be .
