yeah , a connection between turnhout and eindhoven looks like it would make sense . 
  time to build a wall around bosnia ? 
  taller , more intelligent , and worse at football . 
  holland ? 
  gelderland has a nice ring to it though . 
  ' t is een grapje , henk . 
  fucking arsehole diplomats giving our country a bad name . 
  ... is 9th best in the world . 
  the guy is trolling , obviously . 
  again , source ? 
  source ? 
  also , the infrastructure there is a mess , and needs a massive investment . 
  the flemish do n't want that , and we will end up paying a lot to bring flanders up to par with the rest of the netherlands in terms of infrastructure etc. 
  i think you 're in the minority with that view . 
  oh man , thanks for the laugh . 
  this must be the most ignorant , poorly informed comment i 've ever read on reddit , and that 's surely saying something . 
  albania needs to its shit [ sic ] together , asap !, 
  just why ? 
  then she definitely is dutch , in my opinion . 
  are her parents dutch ? 
  it should be part of belgium , really . 
  that hurt :'( though , not really . 
  we 're shit and we do n't deserve to be there . 
  i think i 'm going to cheer for iceland instead . 
  western turkey , sure . 
  rest ? 
  that 's why we keep losing to you in football !, 
  it 's all compensation . 
  way too sterile-looking for me . 
  nothing shocking , there 's always been tension between kurds and turks in nl . 
  doubt it will escalate . 
  you sure you want to include france and italy ? 
  because of the roma and sinti ? 
  is that helsinki on the other side of the gulf ? 
  people are saying it was an exploding transformer now . 
  graf zeppelin ? 
  not even comparable . 
  thanks !, 
  not everyone from eu is a bigot , fyi . 
  english link : http://www.dutchnews.nl/news/archives/2015/11/dutch-consider-mini-schengen-zone-to-cut-refugee-influx/, 
  this ` mini-schengen zone ' would consist of just the netherlands , belgium , germany , austria and luxembourg . 
   there are mechanisms to determine the country of origin , if migrants suddenly forget it . 
  just curious , what mechanisms are those ? 
  do n't forget about the increasingly militant ` joppiesaus ' minority . 
  sounds like losing you was not exactly a big loss for rotterdam . 
  relax dude , it 's just a shit meme . 
  the entirety of europe is shifting to the right due to the problems associated with mass immigration and the instability in the middle east , has nothing to do with wilders . 
  it 's just so forced , man . 
  wilders will never become prime minister , nor does he want to . 
  he shies from actual responsibilities and offering realistic solutions , and much prefers to shout populist nonsense from the sidelines . 
  cunts . 
  keep your interior conflicts in your country of origin . 
  sounds like a genius . 
  hey , you dig holes in our beaches as well . 
  gib dick-to-door-glueing privileges . 
  then it ca n't exactly confirm erdogan being right , since it 's based on a guess . 
  how do you know he 's not a country ? 
  we have the french and the uk to thank for that . 
  * germanic, 
  that would be a very significant change in immigration policy . 
   the proposal would see migrants picked up in the mediterranean sea , most of whom set off from conflict-torn libya , to be sent to tunisia , egypt or other north african states to apply for asylum from there . 
  how would they get those north african states to agree to that ? 
  bribe them ? 
  ca n't be cheap . 
  the \u0130zmir turks i 've met assimilated really easily . 
  none of them were devout muslims either . 
  they tend to speak english though , not spanish . 
  also , they often already have family/relatives living in the uk . 
  well yeah , referring to the culture in more-or-less southern germany , obviously . 
  germany as a whole does not have one set culture . 
  no surprise , it 's basically the same country in terms of language and culture . 
  you would n't be so cruel . 
  hush , barbarian . 
  dang , got me there . 
  curse you and your inferior salmiak . 
  suck on that , finland . 
  yeah , that sounds like a promising solution . 
  problem here is that we need to find a way to deport the ` rejects ' effectively , so they do n't clog up the hotspots . 
  time to make a turkey-style deal with libya ( once it has a government/once we have installed a government ) perhaps ? 
  but that might open us up to more erdo\u011fan-style blackmailing ... 
  simply redirecting all migrants to germany is not a sustainable solution . 
  sure merkel fucked up with her ` wir schaffen das ' rhetoric and open door policy , but that does n't mean the entirety of germany has to suffer for that . 
  i think he 's worried about a cascading effect : if germany 's neighbours start sending their migrants back to germany , eventually germany will have to start sending theirs back to greece . 
  or something like that . 
  can you give me a link ? 
  not sure what you mean . 
  not all refugees show self-segregating behaviour though . 
  some seem quite happy to assimilate . 
  it 's mainly the migrants from mena countries causing trouble . 
  forcibly spread them across europe . 
  problem then is how to ` contain ' them in their hosting countries and prevent them all from trekking to the rich countries like germany . 
  maybe disincentivize such behaviour by lowering benefits in the rich countries to the level of that found in poorer countries . 
  if that does n't work , start locking them up and deport them back to the exterior refugee camps on repeat offenses , taking in replacements . 
  we need exterior refugee camps to sort out the ` real ' refugees , like the brits ( and even the turks ) suggested years ago . 
  that 's the first step towards a solution . 
  first we need much better screening at the external borders somehow . 
  i do n't mind taking in genuine war refugees , but all those welfare parasites from mena countries can fuck right off . 
  not to mention all those ` refugees ' from the balkans ( mainly albanians and serbians ) . 
  this comes just shortly after several high-profile incidents around a refugee centre in kampen , where a young girl was sexually abused by an asylum seeker , and another indecently exposed himself near a school . 
  this obviously caused a lot of unrest amongst the local populace .
