  we do n't have much in common with the french . 
  in fact , what country does ? 
  i 'd say denmark is more like-minded to us than germany . 
  even our languages and landscapes are very similar . 
  as for germany , maybe only nrw is similar . 
  no way . 
  edit : let 's include lower saxony and schleswig-holstein as well in our little union . 
  starting to get cozy . 
  we could join up with denmark , but other than that , no . 
  too many cultural/political differences . 
  georgian script looks like something tolkien came up with . 
  beautiful though . 
  they can be both german and turkish , you know . 
  too bad for turkey that the best turkish players opted for germany instead . 
  got ta get me some of these salty licorice crisps . 
  do they deliver abroad ? 
  take that , finland ( and belgium ) . 
  eh , you started with the childish stuff . 
  rather not be a german/swabian than be humiliated ( again ) at the euros , to be honest . 
  hyperbole much ? 
  bit worse ? 
  swabians then i guess . 
  shame that western/civilized turkey has to suffer because of the morons in the east voting for akp . 
  so more like regular germans ? 
  they did n't kill the bikes though , did they ? 
  germany also apologized for their namibian genocide , which they were n't forced to do . 
  germany owned up to their genocide , though . 
  ah , you 're originally from the uk . 
  i can understand it a bit then . 
  yeah , good luck with trump then . 
  he 's french , give him a break . 
  yes , we live in swamps , no , we 're not germans . 
  far from it . 
  yeah , the 3 looters with bikes were later confirmed to be germans . 
  belgians are poor , dutch are stingy . 
  if he was dutch , he would say `` i would give you gold if i actually wanted to '' . 
  i bet you hated learning the language though . 
  do n't know if only 50 % dutch genes is enough to turn kids into cyclophiles . 
  hm , good point . 
  there might be some really tall young kids walking around in these countries then :-) . 
  i dated a few erasmus girls , but no babies thank god . 
  take that , belgium . 
  eh , those brabanders are weird anyway . 
  anyway , he was only 1.8 metres tall , so probably not dutch . 
  and look where they are now ? 
  now do one for number of cl wins . 
  handsome , tall , and stingy . 
  sounds about right . 
  interesting to see that there are 600 romanians ( gypsies ? ), 
  incarcerated there . 
  kind of puts that other stat of crime rate being down in romania in a new perspective . 
  pens to keep our stock belgians . 
  yeah , it 's bad . 
  on the other hand , german english sounds like retarded english to me . 
  and there i am , trying my darnest to suppress my accent when speaking english . 
   the regulation also detailed legal consequences for refugees who failed to make an effort to learn german , for example , and become a part of german society . 
  what are these legal consequences , i wonder ? 
  you ca n't send them back once you 've granted them asylum , and their home country is technically still at war . 
  not to mention complications such as anchor babies . 
  loud , horrible english accents . 
  take that , belgium . 
  that 's hard to believe . 
  they failed to properly integrate muslim minorities . 
  first of all , we 're not germans . 
  secondly , cheer up . 
  at least you 're going to the euros . 
  then you would n't be a migrant , would you . 
  you 'd be a british tourist . 
  not really bothered provided they speak english well , unless they 're lazy and collecting welfare . 
  exactly . 
  without portugal , we would all simply drop off the edge when crossing the oceans . 
  if you 're educated and willing to work , sure . 
  portugal does seem to get overlooked a lot . 
  time to reinstate the ottoman empire ( minus the balkan ) so they can exterminate wahhabism in the muslim countries . 
  that 's exactly the message to take away here . 
  never too late to get rid of wallonia . 
  so get rid of them . 
  bah , we 'd look a lot better without limburg , drenthe and friesland as well . 
  i 'm all for getting annexed by nrw ( not the rest of germany though ) . 
  take that , belgium . 
  nah , the german flag is too similar to the belgian one so they 'd think they 're invading their own country . 
  good idea , then the shorter invaders will all drown . 
  tall masterrace ftw . 
  we do n't have to defend ourselves from belgium ; knowing them , they 'd get lost on the way to the northern border , invade luxembourg instead , and declare it a success ( flags are pretty similar after all ) . 
  take that , belgium . 
  who said anything about foiling terrorist attacks ? 
  being a cunt to outsiders seems to be a part of moroccan upbringing . 
  turks maybe also , but they seem to grow out of it after a certain age . 
  there also seems to be a major lack of positive moroccan role models , or is that just me . 
  for every afellay there seem to be three badr hari 's . 
  we 're not germans . 
  eh , what 's funding one wall to saudi arabia . 
  anything german is annoying . 
  we 're dutch , not german , dammit . 
  it 's like calling you frenchies . 
  hertog jan is my go-to dutch beer . 
  the term has been around for years , unfortunately . 
  why would you get the credit ? 
  is atat\u00fcrk still revered in turkey ? 
  if so , why allow this akp shitshow to go on ?
