  mankind always has been aggressive and warlike . 
  tribalism is a bitch . 
  he 's wearing a waffen-ss uniform , not a wehrmacht uniform . 
  either way , both have committed war crimes , though obviously the waffen-ss to a much further extent . 
  death 's head insignia were not exclusive to 3 . 
  it 's more likely he was in the 12 . 
  ss-panzer-division `` hitlerjugend '' , seeing his age and that he was captured in caen . 
  `` totenkopf '' fought on the eastern front at the end of the war . 
  you 're wrong on two counts . 
  he was clearly in the waffen-ss ( he wears the insignia of an ss rottenf\u00fchrer ) , and the wehrmacht was definitely involved in war crimes , as the other replies pointed out . 
  yep , looks like the insignia of an ( waffen - ) ss rottenf\u00fchrer . 
  i 'm guessing he was in 12 . 
  ss-panzer-division `` hitlerjugend '' , seeing his age and that he was captured in caen . 
  serbia and macedonia too . 
  hence first world :-p also interesting to note that the uk actually came up with the idea to build the arch elsewhere and then slide it in place . 
  basically all first world countries contributed money :  argentina , australia , austria , azerbaijan , belgium , canada , china , croatia , the czech republic , denmark , the european community , estonia , finland , france , germany , greece , hungary , iceland , india , ireland , israel , italy , japan , kazakhstan , korea , kuwait , liechtenstein , lithuania , luxembourg , the netherlands , norway , poland , portugal , romania , russia , spain , saudi arabia , the slovak republic , slovenia , sweden , switzerland , turkey , ukraine , the united kingdom , and the united states . 
  turks also helped out with the outer cladding , 
  and some dutch ingenuity ( mammoet , of course ) to move it all in place !, 
  only thing missing is a picture of jan pavel . 
  oh , and the hussars should be on horses . 
  next up : antwerp . 
  if we 're being pedantic , modern intel cpus are designed by israelis ;-), 
  you meant to say : 10 hectares sorted , 3.052.790 hectares to go . 
  de aansluiting has begun . 
  syrian refugees are welcome , the rest not so much . 
  oh , and westernised turks are free to immigrate through the proper channels . 
  conquer syria and iraq and restore order . 
  you have my blessing, 
  ... have n't won a world cup , nor even reached a wc final ? 
  we 're tiny , that 's our excuse for no world cup wins . 
  yeah yeah uruguay , but that was in the ancient past . 
  time to merge with denmark and join scandinavia . 
  god , the hyperbole on reddit was intolerable . 
  good for you . 
  i never claimed to speak for the majority of people . 
  uh , what ? 
  most people i know prefer the british spelling . 
   the first one who 's on board gets belgium . 
  way to scare off any potential ally . 
  our caravans will blot out your autobahne . 
  vaterland, 
  nrw and niedersachsen are welcome to join het groote neederlandsche rijck . 
  schleswig-holstein may also apply for membership , so we can all finally link up with our fellow bike loving danish brothers . 
  we will then ally with them in their war against sweden . 
  france actually fielded more and superior tanks at the start of the war . 
  german tactics were simply better ( thanks to guderian et al. ) . 
  french generals also never suspected germany would simply bypass the maginot line by crossing the ardennes , thus allowing the main french army to be caught in a pincher movement . 
  because we 're not danes , despite extreme similarities . 
  true , it just irks me to see people go ` but but but dutchbat ' when discussing serbian genocide . 
  the dutch government and the army bear partial responsibility for not protecting the bosniaks properly , that is true . 
  so do the un and the french . 
  the only guilty and responsible party for actually massacring the 8000 bosniaks are karadzic , mladic , and the serb murderers they led . 
  and yes , i have actually seen people equate the two things and assign equal blame . 
  be nice , i rooted for you . 
  no man , you got ta put it even stronger . 
  like : `` the dutch butchered those 8000 muslims . 
  serbs are totally blameless . 
  wish that were true . 
  the reason we need shit like this is because we are a very densely populated country . 
  waiting for someone to blame the dutch for this massacre . 
  i was promised a slight ban , are you bamboozling me ? 
  shut up , poopy mc dirtypants . 
  that 's called a wildlife crossing ( ecoduct in dutch ) , they are common all over ~ ~ the world ~ ~ europe . 
  we used to have a rivalry with belgium when it comes to silly statistics , but since we have them beat pretty much all the time we found a more worthy rival in finland . 
  ca n't believe how many idiots are taking him seriously . 
  * woosh * he 's ** obviously ** trolling , jesus . 
  eh , i think he is extremely good at baiting retards . 
  what it 's with those crazy finns and estonian booze ? 
  is it only because it 's cheap ? 
  small issues compared to suicide bombings or people getting run over by vans/trucks . 
  also , theo van gogh was over 10 years ago . 
  futhermore , there was a single confrontation between some turks and the police when the turkish minister was refused entry , but that was it . 
  i guess that 's what you are referring to with ` erdo\u011fan riots ' . 
  an alarming , and increasing , number of turks seem to be religiously brainwashed though , and hence can be easily controlled/exploited by any wannabe dictator ( like erdo\u011fan is doing right now ) . 
  this was not the case in spain . 
  i fear turkey is slowly transforming into another failed middle eastern state . 
  hopefully it will not come that far . 
  you think so ? 
  the westernized turks are fleeing turkey , while the fundie retards in the east are multiplying quickly . 
  belgium got hit by belgian citizens though . 
  dutch jihadists are not blowing themselves up , not in the netherlands , nor in any other country ( possibly in syria/iraq ) . 
  i do n't know , actually . 
  we 're insignificant , who the hell would choose our little country to blow themselves up in ? 
  but then again , belgium got hit multiple times . 
  hmm . 
  trumpification through murdoch 's empire of filth and lies , exploiting dissatisfaction amongst mostly rural voters by giving them an ` enemy ' to blame . 
  somalians are notorious in nl as well for being social welfare drains . 
  they are the least employed group amongst all immigrants , by far . 
  i think they simply lack the necessary skills and/or are content the way things are . 
  why would the chances of the uk rejoining be slim ? 
  you will have to forget about preferential treatment , like you 're receiving right now , but that 's about the only snag . 
  i 'd welcome you lot back in a heartbeat , i bet most people would do so . 
  at what point will western turkey secede ? 
  i feel sorry for all secular turks . 
  dude , obvious joke should be obvious . 
   bicycles, 
  yeah , we 're about due another one are n't we . 
  let 's invade germany this time , instead of the other way around . 
  if it ai n't dutch it ai n't much . 
  fuck yeah , dutch pride .
