  the whole germans stealing dutch bikes thing originated from `` mad tuesday '' ( dolle dinsdag ) , 5 september 1944 , when the bbc announced that the allied forces had crossed the dutch border . 
  this caused a general panic among german troops and dutch collaborators , who grabbed any and all vehicles they could find , including bikes , and fled . 
  after a few days most of these folks drifted back again , but most bikes were never returned . 
  so that 's where the germans left them . 
  no , the kids are of middle eastern descent . 
  of course not . 
  it 's a cultural thing . 
  well , including the sub-heading is relevant in this case . 
  immigrant groups promoting anti-semitism is a real problem . 
  how about racism sucks in all forms and flavors . 
  the rise of anti-semitism in germany ( and holland ) is the bigger picture here . 
  this kid being bullied is just a symptom of that . 
  eh , you may think that this story does not really belong in this subreddit , but you 're kind of leaning towards the other extreme by calling this pro-israel propaganda . 
  anyway , the rise of anti-semitism in germany ( and holland ) is the bigger picture here . 
  this kid being bullied is just a symptom of that . 
  this unfortunately happens in holland as well . 
  gay people are also often targeted by folks of middle eastern descent , sometimes resulting in very violent encounters . 
  they simply seem to be less tolerant when it comes to these groups . 
  i have to emphasize it 's mostly stupid teenaged kids doing this though . 
  good to hear the kosovar government is cracking down hard on those salafi idiots !, 
  great , now kosovars are going full retard as well ? 
  shut up . 
  48 % voted against . 
  good luck . 
  i hope the uk wo n't suffer from this . 
  not that weird considering the poles here are mostly men of working age , whereas the native citizens comprise people of all ages . 
  we 're working on slowly annexing antwerp first . 
  brugge and gent are next . 
  yeah , you look just like germans . 
  build the wall . 
  well , metal containers in the sun tend to heat up very quickly . 
  i would not want to spend much time in there when it 's sunny . 
  i guess they 're really worried about french encroaching upon the dutch speakers everywhere in flanders . 
  except germany itself got annexed by the netherlands . 
  as was belgium . 
  looks good to me !, 
  how do you feel about those ` insane ' laws to protect the dutch language ? 
  too densely populated . 
  oh , and vvd in power . 
  why are they all moving into flanders ? 
  would they not feel more at home in wallonia ? 
  poland ? 
  interesting , did not expect that . 
  at least the polish tend to work and not just collect welfare . 
  looks like germany anschlussed everything except the netherlands . 
  oh , and the netherlands anschlussed germany and belgium . 
  looks good to me !, 
  true , added . 
  more like : the likes of china deliver produce and raw materials to the netherlands through rotterdam and schiphol , then the stuff is sent to germany by train/boat/truck . 
  there is no joke , he is simply wrong . 
  ever heard of rotterdam ? 
  that cheap shit is made in china , by the way . 
  should be football for us to be honest . 
  nazism is spreading fast across europe . 
  someone should inform trump . 
  trump was talking about mexicans in that quote though , not muslims . 
  i bet it 's liechtenstein . 
  jammy bastards got it coming . 
  culture tests ? 
  how do you envisage that ? 
  ca n't they simply cheat that ? 
  are you going to propose a culture police next ? 
  that makes me hungry . 
  off to eat some \u015fi\u015f kebab with mayonaise . 
  how would you go about doing that ? 
  immigrants always bring their own culture with them . 
  i do n't know man , forcing one ` proper ' culture upon everyone sounds like fascism . 
  damn , you arabs sure do n't fuck around . 
  so what are you saying ? 
  enforce the host country 's culture upon anyone that lives there ? 
  ah , we have something similar here : rapid response teams . 
  why does it matter ? 
  you again . 
  i 'm on to you . 
  antwerp is filled with ignorant people ? 
  they have the french nationality , so they 're french . 
  personally it 's the snail eating that freaks me out . 
  who cares if they are muslim ? 
  clearly it 's their being french that 's the problem . 
  when france sends its people , they 're not sending their best . 
  they 're not sending you . 
  they 're not sending you . 
  they 're sending people that have lots of problems , and they 're bringing those problems with us . 
  they 're bringing cars . 
  they 're bringing knives . 
  they 're terrorists . 
  and some , i assume , are good people . 
  build the wall . 
  not for long . 
  yeah , good job . 
  i was shopping at the meir two weeks ago , quite a few security forces were visually present . 
  same at the central station , several heavily armed soldiers . 
  not a smart terrorist i guess . 
  once again a tunisian . 
  apparently a lot of isis members are from there . 
  i wonder what causes them to radicalise en masse ? 
  is n't tunisia the only country that emerged from the arab spring as an improved democracy ? 
  do you enjoy being pedantic ? 
  google translation : pvv leader wilders thinks it is `` undemocratic and unmarketable '' if the pvv is not invited to negotiate about the formation of the post-election coalition . 
  `` you can not ignore 1.3 million voters in advance , '' he said after his talks with scout schippers .
