  the nazi reprisals were horrible , i wonder if in the end it was all worth it just for killing one man . 
  his death did not prevent the holocaust from occurring , in fact , it accelerated the implementation of the policies for the endl\u00f6sung . 
  his successor as head of the rsha , kaltenbrunner , turned out to be an even more avid anti-semite iirc . 
  eh , a worse version of rotterdam , why not . 
  at least it 's not brussels . 
  ... for now . 
  majority here wo n't even manage suspending their full weight before doing the pullup . 
  you lot need them more with the ruskies next door . 
   the red-white-blue tricolour has been used as the croatian flag since 1848 , and the pan-slavic colours are widely associated with romantic nationalism . 
   the pan-slavic colors -- red , blue and white -- were defined by the prague slavic congress , 1848 , based on the flag of russia , which was introduced in the late 17th century . 
  the tricolour flag of russia was itself inspired by the flag of the netherlands . 
  eh , climate change means rising sea levels . 
  so yeah , no . 
  more like the opposite . 
  so you guys are guilty of handling stolen goods . 
  not much better . 
  give it back !, 
  is that a pineapple on your flag ? 
  i thought you simply ripped off the flag of dutch noord brabant to go along with your stolen dutch flag . 
  hmm , i have some new ideas for expansion . 
  the uk surely wo n't mind if we incorporate them . 
  it sure seems that way sometimes . 
  audi drivers as well . 
  hell , mercs too . 
  assholes are drawn to expensive german cars like flies to shit . 
  i dislike trump as much as the next person , but i have to agree with this . 
  definitely looks like the montenegrin pm accidently stepped on trump 's foot . 
  check the little grimace on trump 's face and the montenegrin pm making an ` oh ' face before trump touches him . 
  yes , refugee camps that we will have to run and administer . 
  asylum applications can be filed there , and should be processed quickly . 
  if receiving asylum , the refugee is allocated to an eu country . 
  if the refugee moves to another country on his own initiative ( say , germany ) , he is sent back to the refugee camp and is put back at the end of queue . 
  rejected migrants are immediately deported from eu soil . 
  returning illegals takes a lot of money and effort . 
  it 's better to not let them in in the first place . 
  we need proper vetting at the external borders . 
  no , that 's what we do with short people . 
  how do you think we got so tall ? 
  depends , are you tall and hate water ? 
  all the more reason to cycle . 
  think of those glorious glutes , quadriceps , and calves you 're going to have . 
  north rhine-westphalia has a gdp almost equal to the netherlands . 
  slightly larger population . 
  we should fuse . 
  google translation : the 34-year-old , arrested in the northern french city of evreux , has admitted to have planned an attack in the name of the jihadist militia `` islamic state '' , according to authorities . 
  the man had expressed himself against the investigators `` disjointed , but not confused '' . 
  he was mentally very unstable . 
  he said he had wanted to strike in france because of a failed departure from syria . 
  the anti-terrorism department of the paris prosecutor 's office took over the investigation . 
  the ex-soldier had been caught near an arm support point on friday night . 
  the security forces were attracted to him because of a suspicious car . 
  according to the police , he wore military clothes with an is badge instead of the military dresses . 
  in his vehicle , fahnder discovered a quran , is flags , and a usb stick , which was a confession to the is . 
  in a bushy nearby , a pumpgun , two revolvers and ammunition were found later . 
  according to the figures , the frenchman was expelled from the army in 2013 after ten years ' service . 
  he converted to islam and has been monitored by the authorities since 2014 due to increasing radicalization . 
  in france , due to the second round of the presidential election on sunday , sharp security precautions are in place . 
  in use are more than 50,000 police officers and thousands of soldiers . 
  three days before the first round of the presidential election on april 23 , an attacker on the paris boulevard champs-\u00c9lys\u00e9es had opened fire on a police bus and shot an official . 
  is claimed the attack . 
  no , the dutch government is simply opposed to the introduction of the death penalty because it would be a violation of european values , and runs afoul of our constitution . 
  hence , it will not facilitate a turkish referendum on our soil on this particular issue . 
  dutch turks are free to vote in this referendum , just not in facilities offered in the netherlands . 
  google translation : the dutch government does not want turkish dutch to vote in our country about the death penalty in turkey . 
  `` we do not want to like this and we do not want to facilitate this either , '' said a foreign affairs spokesman . 
  the spokesman emphasizes that there is no proposal for such a referendum . 
  turkish president erdogan announced in april that he would now conduct the death penalty in the referendum on the new constitution . 
  also there would be a referendum . 
  in april there were polling stations in many european countries for the turks living there . 
  earlier today , germany allowed a turkish vote on the death penalty not to be accepted . 
  so , the netherlands agrees , like austria . 
  the vienna government , too , does not want turks to vote in austria on the death penalty in turkey . 
  the dutch ministry of foreign affairs already stated today that `` there is no doubt about the state of the netherlands with regard to the death penalty : the introduction of the death penalty would be a violation of european values and incompatible with the membership of the european union and the council of europe . '', 
  should the proposal come from turkey for a referendum , the netherlands will look at what steps should be taken , according to a foreign affairs spokesman . 
  note that there are currently no plans ( yet ) for such a referendum in the netherlands . 
  austria has also declared opposition in advance . 
  weak pound , improving eurozone economies -  growing exports . 
  in fact , manufacturing growth is spiking all over in the eu . 
  unemployment down everywhere as well . 
  there is actual evidence that brexit was vastly more popular amongst the lower educated . 
  nice red herring . 
  so we should simply deny everyone who claims to be persecuted because of their sexuality ? 
  where 's your empathy man ? 
  in some countries it 's a death sentence to be lgbt . 
  still does n't mean my original question warranted your reply . 
  but whatever floats your boat . 
  there has been a lot of anti-albanian violence in that region . 
  do n't be a smartass . 
  this thread is being brigaded by right-wingers showing concern for judicial propriety . 
  funny , when you comment on arrests of islamists you do n't seem to espouse the same kind of concern for judicial propriety . 
  wait what ? 
  we dropped from 5,5 % to 5,1 % in just over 6 months . 
  that 's a markable improvement . 
  and why are they trying to start shit ? 
  why was he attacked ? 
  because he is albanian ? 
  i do n't know , i always preferred horizontal tricolours . 
  they look more stable . 
  huh ? 
  the french stole their colours from us , not the other way around .
