  i do n't think tunisia will ever agree to that , no matter how much the eu offers . 
  it is not a huge country , remember . 
  tunisia is also a very fragile democracy , filling it up with tens of thousands of pissed off refugees will only lead to instability . 
  sounds like a recipe for a second libya . 
  what if tunisia refuses those boats entry ? 
  because these people are trying to reach europe , not israel , obviously . 
  is it ? 
  what does the maritime rescue law state ? 
  rescued persons should be brought to the nearest harbour , even if that harbour is in disputed territory ? 
  somehow i doubt that . 
  libya has no government though . 
  so the ngo 's are the ones breaking the law ? 
  they are rescuing drowning people or people in distress . 
  i doubt that is illegal . 
  once again : proof ? 
   they are ; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/illegal_entry the ngo 's take them to italy in most cases , so they 're not illegally entering the eu . 
   we ca n't easily rescue them , those large ships sailing around cost a ton of manpower and money . 
  what is manpower and money compared to human lives ? 
  how much is a single human life worth in terms of manpower and money ? 
   our values include asserting the rule of law , something that is clearly broken here . 
  these migrants are not breaking any laws that i know of . 
   no , not just the nl , the immigration issue is an eu issue , so i was comparing that to another eu issue , there are 28 countries in the eu . 
  the immigration issue can only be solved by the eu countries working together , since it affects them all ( mainly those along the external border , plus the rich countries were the migrants ( want to ) end up ) . 
  each eu country has to deal with its own homeless problem . 
  there are too many different local issues and regulations to make an eu-wide solution possible . 
  how am i sarcastic or brainwashed ? 
  turkey owes a lot to this man , but ironically they 're currently working hard to undo his legacy . 
  every single thread about turkey . 
  give it up already . 
  you think israel or saudi arabia wants to function as dumping ground for our immigrants ? 
  they 're our problem , remember . 
   having an ability to do something and having a duty to do something are different things . 
  if we can easily rescue them , do we not have a duty to rescue them ? 
  is that not part of our values , as europeans ? 
   example , we also have the resources to feed all the homeless in the eu , why do we not do this ? 
  that depends on the eu state in question . 
  here in nl we do so . 
  ps : thanks for not downvoting me . 
  we have the resources to rescue them , if we do not rescue them , we are letting them drown . 
  good luck trying to get tunisia to accept them . 
  so we should let them drown ? 
  who ? 
  the ngo 's ? 
  got proof for that ? 
  couple of dozen ? 
  more like thousands weekly . 
  feel free to look up the stats of 2014 . 
  yeah , they have little to lose , only their lives . 
  even with the coast guard and ngo 's rescuing people , a lot of people still drown . 
  perhaps . 
  so you advocate killing foreign nationals without trial ? 
  is n't that what the alt-right loved to bash obama for , pointing out his drone attacks ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not shedding any tears over killed is members . 
  send them back where ? 
  build camps where ? 
  you mean they invite those migrants to risk their lives crossing the mediterranean ? 
  even without the coast guard rescuing people , they will still keep coming . 
  so we let these people drown in the meantime ? 
  is that what you advocate ? 
  google translation : there is hard evidence that the eritrean embassy in the hague is involved in raising money for the organization of the conference of the youth wing of the only political party allowed in eritrea . 
  and there are new reports of harassment . 
  that report the radio program argos and oneworld platform . 
  `` if this is true , the government should take steps '' , say mps . 
  the conference , to be held in veldhoven , eventually fell through . 
  after riots mayor mikker banned at the meeting for fear of public policy . 
  the organization went to court but which ruled it mikkers had the right to make that decision . 
  house call the embassy denies involvement in the organization of the conference and in its funding . 
  but according to argos and oneworld are embassy staff on home visits joined eritreans . 
  they would have to pay 50 euros for the organization of the meeting . 
  in practice , they might say no . 
  if they paid , they got a receipt , and if they refused , there was a cross behind their name , sign eritrean sources in the radio program and platform . 
  argos oneworld say they have coupons in the hands of which can be signed by the same diplomat eritrean state . 
  they have submitted the signature to an expert . 
  who thinks that it is authentic signatures and that it is indeed the same person . 
  intimidation and coercion there are a lot more evidence that the eritreans eritrean embassy in the netherlands put under pressure to pay taxes . 
  the parliament and the government have since their disapproval repeatedly spoken about . 
  according to the government , it is legally possible that eritrea money int , but are not allowed intimidation and coercion . 
  a substantial majority last year asked the government to close the embassy as `` taxation and abuses surrounding '' do not stop . 
  malpractice almost unanimously , the house condemns the practices which argos and oneworld today reports . 
  vvd mp azmani says it is unacceptable that the `` long arm of a foreign power in the netherlands as far . '', 
  d66 sjoerdsma spokesman stressed again that the embassy should close as eritrea does not care about the criticism . 
  sp mp van dijk says that the court should not allow the eritrean government through the embassy `` this kind of malpractice '' uses . 
  green mp van ojik calls it undesirable that people go door to door to collect money . 
  his labor colleague chick wants to tackle the embassy to stop such practices . 
  perhaps the copycat effect at work . 
  we are talking about people being violent , not whether that violence is justified or not because it only deals with ` bad people ' . 
  funny thing is that i 've noticed mainly eastern europeans showcasing a complete lack of empathy when it comes to migrants , even though they are hardly affected by them . 
  after all , the migrants are trying to reach the likes of the uk and germany , not poland and slovenia . 
  i wonder why that is . 
  they were coming even before the ngo 's started rescuing people off sinking boats . 
  these people are desperate to reach europe . 
  depends if you like girls with big schnozzles . 
  unfortunately the reality is that these people will keep on coming , unless the entire libyan coast is somehow closed off . 
  and we all know that is not going to happen , given the instability in libya . 
  and the day before yesterday the americans killed 96 people with a single bomb . 
  the russians have killed lots in ukraine and syria as well . 
  kind of silly to single the turks out . 
  it 's certainly interesting to compare the amount of downvotes of this thread with the previous one . 
  it 's like people are annoyed or disappointed that it so far has n't turned out to be religiously motivated attack by muslims . 
  anyone can be brainwashed , unfortunately .
