  they are n't a serious problem momentarily but will become one if not properly dealt with, 
  we are so irrelevant that the only time we are in international media is when we mess up big time so yeah , no thanks, 
  media is mostly standard croatian or at least they try while the government speaks mostly some kind of bosnian - croatian, 
  mostly bosnia followed by montenegro, 
  0 here, 
  first of all take a dictionary and read what universally means . 
  second , why spanish ? 
  on that map german and french were about equally represented as spanish, 
  nowadays people buy cars occasionally from germany and people near bosnia regularly go grab smokes and stuff, 
  it 's not universally thought as a third language what are you talking about ? 
  you need to know where you were in '91, 
  * croatian hymn in the background *, 
  noone else did it but him ? 
  you were probably as rude as you are in this thread and newsflash not everything is about race or ethnicity, 
  people usually just exclaim `` pas mater '', 
  depends on your countries law , check it . 
  for my country it 's more and more popular to open a company with headquarters in estonia and run it 's business here, 
  definitely pc mostly because pirating console games is harder, 
  way too popular . 
  i really do n't know why they think that will make young people read them more, 
  jebate pa di to izlaze da ih ne vidim ? 
  * has glasses and a beard * oh where did i put my typewriter ? 
  dude chill , it 's not good for you, 
  exactly 30 years, 
  met like 1 in my whole life and he was a pseudo-hipster . 
  i could be wrong , i 'm just talking about my experience, 
  definitely not in my country . 
  there are a few individuals but not enough to be noticeable, 
  i have n't bought anything american except a coke and some chips in my whole life , i get what you 're saying, 
  everything except nature , corruption and nationalism, 
  it 's mentioned only briefly if at all in our history classes and the general public see it as a just another war the usa fought to steal someone 's resources ( not my opinion talking about in general ), 
  we had a war 20 years ago so of course there are a shit ton of them, 
  and we can beat even that . 
  the smallest city is hum with 21 inhabitants and the biggest is zagreb with 790,000, 
  i was n't trying to be cute :[, 
  i would call the `` low tech '' mostly because the busses get stuck in traffic jams quite often . 
  they just seem like a bad solution for inner city transportation . 
  there are parts of the day where you need to let a tram or two pass because they are full but they go every 10min tops so it 's really not a problem to most people, 
  best part is we can cancel that deal whenever but then our church loses all the benefits and no party wants the church against them, 
  oh hey you again \\ ^ ^ true enough setting up trams and metro 's now would be very expensive , does n't mean it 's any less low-tech . 
  well yeah , that 's the reason i mentioned only the capital in my 1st comment . 
  the classic socialist concrete squares . 
  [ like this ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/khrushchyovka ), 
  that is n't the type of buildings we are talking about ... 
  oh yes our time to shine . 
  first and foremost , all government archives are paper based . 
  all bills come through mail and if you demand they send them only through e-mail you get a paper confirmation that you payed the bill through normal mail * every time * . 
  due to this system average waiting time for a court ruling is about 9 years . 
  furthermore i know a guy who works as it support for some government institutions . 
  the amount of admin admin credentials on the admin account of the servers and software that 's 10 + years old is disturbing . 
  not to mention windows xp is the norm . 
  what is even worse our banks do n't have much more protection than that . 
  our train system is over 100 years old with minimal changes . 
  there are places in this small country that still do n't have electricity/gas so oil lamps and wood furnaces are still used a lot . 
  only the 2 cities have trams of which some are 20 years old and not a single city has a metro . 
  also the vatican contracts . 
  those are contracts signed about 25 years ago where we pay the pope 22.56 million euros a year as a thank you for recognising us as a real country . 
  no segregation of the church and state as well as religious talks during political speeches and debates edit : corrected the spelling cuteness, 
  yes they are . 
  still ugly old boxes doe without 2 walls under the same angle, 
  we were not a part of the ussr but being a part of a different socialist country gave our capital a ton on buildings like that . 
  yeah people still live there massively due to them being the majority of buildings here ( i think they are , can someone please correct me if i 'm wrong ? ), 
  i personally use english about 50 % of my day . 
  in general croatian part of the internet is a complete joke . 
  news outlets that make buzzfeed look like the guardian , total lack of information checking on our version of wikipedia and lack of content in general . 
  in terms of using it in everyday life teenagers love using english because to a lot of them english just sounds better . 
  besides that , due to all the corruption in the government people in charge for developing our language , well , are incompetent . 
  that 's why all the new words are completely avoided and why in technical schools they do n't even teach you the croatian word for most of technical terms . 
  serbian/bosnian music is the most popular type of music here but english is on the third place and raising . 
  all in all croatian is and always will be official language and the language people use mostly in their everyday life but english is on the rise edit : forgot to mention i do n't know a single teenager that watches the croatian television and with good reason, 
  in some countries no need but italians are well know for refusing to learn english properly, 
  different cultures seem odd to other countries , nothing new, 
   slovenia is a former part of austria which means it has higher standard of living . 
  yeah ... those 2 things are n't connected, 
  i thought the question implied why it 's popular in our respective countries, 
  tradition . 
  it 's an old sport that was brought to us by people rich enough to travel around . 
  rich people do n't like getting too rough , so football seemed a better option, 
  not paying taxes for the prize money from the state owned lottery . 
  also not paying the tax on that tax, 
  the court in croatia simply does n't work . 
  judges are very corrupt , just the other day some arrests were made . 
  also it 's too expensive for an average citizen to sue someone and if they can afford it the average waiting time for a verdict is around 9 years . 
  [ it 's this ] ( https://images.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.index.hr%2fimages2%2fpxl_061115_12099618_glasackilistic.jpg&amp;f=1 ) i wo n't even try to explain that cluster fuck . 
  just gon na say we pick our representatives by name as well as party . 
  politics in general are seen as nothing but a way to steal money which is unfortunately true here, 
  split definitely would fall under the balkan / southern europe area but most of the population lives in northern parts which are much more influenced by austria and hungary, 
  careful that serbs do n't hear you , vojvodina is all they have left, 
  the definitions of europe 's regions are really not strict enough . 
  [ we learned it like this ] ( https://images.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3a%2f%2fupload.wikimedia.org%2fwikipedia%2fcommons%2fthumb%2fc%2fc2%2fmap_of_central_europe.png%2f264px-map_of_central_europe.png&amp;f=1 ) yeah swiss are quite different from us but the slovenes and austrians are quit similar to us , much more than italy or our balkan neighbours . 
  where would you put us ? 
  northern africa xd seriously , central europe, 
  but we are n't southern europe :'(, 
   hrt - national tv and radio , claims to be unbiased yeah ... 
  totally not right wing, 
  yap i was right . 
  here traditionally the most popular drink is rakija which is strong homemade brandy . 
  beer makes you jolly , rakija makes you pass out in your own puke, 
  not really here , but even doe a lot of refugees were here they mostly passed on . 
  depends on the school but i had 6 years of history classes .
