  we focused mostly on europe but also studied some major world events . 
  we usually did the system of learning about some period in europe in general and then the same period in croatia, 
  i think i know why . 
  what 's the most popular alcoholic drink there ? 
  the acceptable times are either for lunch , afternoon coffee or dinner . 
  first the guests are asked if they want coffee . 
  while the water boils some kind of liquor is server , usually rakija or a weaker fruit brandy . 
  then comes the meal which is usually intentionally made so that there are leftovers . 
  after that it 's coffee time served with some cookies . 
  the guests are expected to stay around 3h with the exception of staying to drink together which results in sleeping over . 
  everytime a factory shuts down their workers protests a bit and that 's pretty much it, 
  they do n't work in my country, 
  usually they do n't check but you might get some bad luck and they do, 
  it started way before it , it hit us hard and we still did n't get out of it . 
  the only economical growth we had was the few months this year we had no official government, 
  well it was n't even a state , let alone a country . 
  i 'm just sticking blindly to the question until the op clarifies, 
  war nope , except the usual rednecks not getting over the past . 
  economical state is way worse than in 2004 unfortunately, 
  it sais country . 
  there was a croatian kingdom but i do n't count that since it was so long ago it really does n't have anything to do with modern croatia , besides that the only country we had was this one . 
  yeah , our army still uses the same tanks and planes and stuff and everyone has war stories and the ones that are too young have parents who did survive it . 
  my favourite one is about my great grandmother who refused to go the shelter and just screamed how she survived the two world wars and that what 's a small border conflict gon na do to her xd, 
  it sais country , not nation . 
  the country itself is only 25 years old, 
  royal republic - the president daughter plays in the background, 
  i feel this question is so unfair considering how old some countries are and then there 's us edit : op added the edit sooo i 'm gon na go with the whole end of yugoslavia story . 
  bbc actually has a really good set of documentaries about it, 
  typical croatian citizen does n't give a damn about some old pots and stuff . 
  but wow a new mall , that 's gon na bring in the tourists or smth idk the logic, 
  is okay op , borrow some of our cities . 
  our government even started knocking some ancient ones ( literally ancient , ancient greece to be more specific ) to make room for shopping malls, 
  to me personally not but to the majority it means everything, 
  like anything directly under the government it 's absolutely amazing . 
  used to think forcing us to pay for our education which should be free according to the constitution is horrible , but the deeper in the system i go the less it surprises me, 
  we read no books or poetry here . 
  just half-brained textbook articles, 
  am dating an australian . 
  she 's quite different from a typical croatian girl but i like that, 
  whoa i had no idea . 
  why did google skip germany ? 
  to our exes , to our future sweethearts and everything in between, 
  that 's genius :') i 'm surprised they did n't try that already, 
  and the accents , do n't forget the accents, 
  i guess the capitals but honestly you would get a better idea of what is europe by chilling on street view than visiting just 2 cities, 
  not really , mostly because half of our military equipment has a 50-50 chance of randomly failing due to age . 
  to show off a single country with 2 cities is a real task , to show the whole continent is just impossible, 
  yeah it would . 
  it 's not super common to hear in a normal conversation but not really weird . 
  ( after the standard grammar changes to djevojka ), 
  in countries like ours , you live near the border unrelated to where in the country you live, 
  [ not even a full week ago ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/57qgox/how_much_of_your_country_can_speak_english/ ), 
  not very popular in general but still has a nice user base and a large number of young people heard about it . 
  i know quite a few people that use it but that 's mostly due to me going to a computer engineering school, 
  does the live feed of the croatian parliament count ? 
  a conservative christian country , what do you think ? 
  yeah same here or is it ? 
  probably just in zagreb . 
  most schools do n't have swimming pools among old people outside of big cities it 's quite common, 
  there 's a difference between the two ? 
  i do n't think about tourists , i think about their wallets, 
  check the list please before you talk out of your bum hole, 
  there are always old people who never been to the sea , even in countries that have access to the sea, 
  nooo that would never happen to us , we are najja\u010di afterall yes that 's how it 's really written, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_official_languages the more you know , there 's a list for people like you . 
  but i do understand your frustration they are quite similar, 
  i 'm just waiting for us to start using the write as you say rule xd, 
  serbian and croatian are n't the same languages ... 
  there was a whole war about that , remember the pew , pew , boom ? 
  oh yes , those are really works of art xd memorijski pruti\u0107 ( usb ) , dodirnik ( touchpad ) , zvjezdi\u0161te ( router ) etc. 
  our croatian teacher gets a stroke every time she hears some new word has been added, 
  well the political speeches we hear really are wonders but i 'm thinking that 's not what you 're implying xd, 
  5,6 m according to wikipedia , check again hint : croatian , not serbo-croatian, 
  we 're actually at 5,6 million but i guess it does n't hurt to comment . 
  movies are always subbed , cartoons usually dubbed . 
  a lot of books are translated no problems with that not counting the company sites and some forums we really just use internet on english the language is going in a bad direction just like the country itself . 
  luckily for me i hate the language ( except the fact that it 's like the best language to swear in ), 
  rakija ( very strong homemade brandy ), 
  sounds like a normal afternoon in croatia, 
  casually leaves out serbia ? 
  the croatian parliament, 
  poverty no , how rich they are yes . 
  like there was a post on reddit recently about what to do when you get the urge to just carelessly spend money ( mass impulse buying ) . 
  words ca n't describe how abstract that is to me education ehh there are universities that are best in the world and there are horribly bad schools . 
  i guess they just do it differently, 
  http://www.lonelyplanet.com/croatia/vukovar/sights/museums-galleries/place-memory-vukovar-hospital-1991 http://www.dark-tourism.com/index.php/15-countries/individual-chapters/162-ovcara-memorial-center-vukovar they are not giant , super modernised museums . 
  though the impression they leave on you will leave you speechless . 
  being built on the actual places of tragedy helps that atmosphere a lot . 
  unfortunately poets are viewed as useless members of the society and seen in a bad light in general . 
  you said how the line is when the government is n't appointed democratically . 
  does it apply to the whole government or if the line is crossed already when some of the ministers are appointed that way ? 
  does being picked democratically means being voted for by the majority or does being picked through the law of a democratic government but not the majority also count ? 
  either i 'm stupid or that answers nothing , but i fear it 's the first one, 
  depends on what you mean by appointed democratically, 
  not all but quite a few points you made here 's here are already being done in a lot of modern democracies edit : * checks your points again * my country is so f * cked, 
  error 404, 
  dw we will join you soon enough, 
  patient zero would bite someone end up dying from alcohol poisoning . 
  due to alcohol the wound would n't get infected and the crisis would be avoided, 
  floods .
