  shhhhh , do n't spoil our plans, 
  ww2 was ndh which croatia is n't . 
  croatia is the successor of yugoslavia , you know , the one that liberated them from ndh, 
  kajkavian was the official language before standard croatian . 
  same for chakavian in coastal parts, 
  croatia is now officially part of the bible belt ? 
  culture is n't something you can define easy . 
  honestly just your opinion is what i wanted to know , thanks, 
  to be fair dalmatia has been the # 1 spot for bosnian immigrants throughout history , culture exchanges must have happened . 
  on the other hand some big cities like osijek and dubrovnik , as well as istra and gorski kotar were n't as affected , just like northern croatia . 
  do you think they also are n't as close culturally ? 
  that was n't bosnia at the time , but yes , when the croats arrived in the 7th century they also inhabited bosnia . 
  out of curiosity , what regions are you comparing ? 
  true but i was talking about the design, 
  thing is `` croatians '' in bosnia have lived there for over half a millennium . 
  sooner or later everybody assimilates . 
  the cultural difference is major , after all the tradionanal west-east split ( the pre-cold war one ) went between croatia and bosnia . 
  just remember all those comments about us croatians claiming we 're central european while bosnians are very proud balkanians . 
  religion split never really worked . 
  one of the first kings of serbia was originally christian , so was the king of bosnia , some croatian dukes were muslim , etc. 
  the croatian flag looks really awesome, 
  problems is serbs do n't want that part , croatians do n't want their part and some even think croats in bosnia are n't croats anymore and muslim bosnia alone would be a complete shithole . 
  also croatia, 
  bosnian dubioza kolektiv serbian sars polish joanna klepko ( cleo ), 
  there was n't much hate during the war either . 
  friend 's dad said he loved them for their `` polite warfare '' : there was no fighting during the weekends besides that they were the final vote when it was decided will yugoslavia break apart ( the italians did bribe them to make that vote but still ), 
  croatia and bosnia do n't have either . 
  hell for labour day went around rs talking kajkavian with my friends , did n't even get a bad look serbian and our politicians are always drama queens but serbia is our main import/export partner and in general people get along well . 
  turkey is already bothering greeks . 
  i do n't get your point . 
  if turkey wanted it could fund the radicals already in greece or any other radicals from neighbouring countries , why are macedonian ones special ? 
   there should n't be grounds for either potential claims of land we really should move all the counties bordering greece , we do n't want some accidental potential claims of land . 
   or even connections with ancient macedonia . 
  the country is on land which used to be macedonia . 
  you ca n't delete that connection no matter how hard you try . 
   you saw what the former government did with the statues and naming the airport after alexander . 
  the name allows them to do exactly that it does ? 
  good shit , gon na offer to our government that we name our airport the same , apparently we can get some greek clay too the people of republic of macedonia have practically nothing to do with ancient macedonia . 
  however the claims greeks are making why it 's so bad is equally absurd, 
  yeah sure . 
  the mighty republic of macedonia will use its mighty politics connections to annex land from greece . 
  like what the f, 
  polish concentration camps ? 
  all the things you mentioned , the west does too , just on other continents . 
  i do n't see how that makes a him a world threat, 
  and the expansion of the ottoman empire was n't political ? 
  it 's important to note that even if something was done due to politics does n't mean that religion is n't involved , especially in these non-secular empires, 
  yeah i am talking about them but worth nothing that with them also rode a lot of `` irregulars '' ( opportunists from surrounding lands that only joined in when their neighbours were being attacked and deserted when the army marched further ), 
  expanding is the point of radical islam . 
  look at araps in the first few centuries of islam , look at isis today . 
  yet none of them were as radical as ottomans . 
  the armenian genocide , the assyrian genocide , the greek genocide . 
  all in the name of islam . 
  remember that kony2012 thing ? 
  the man kidnapped children and then trained the guys to be soldiers for him , while the girls were sold into prostitution . 
  that 's exactly how ottomans kept their armies so massive . 
  in the name of allah . 
  3 centuries of murdering civilians , arson and mass rapes to a point that the ottoman border , at least here has been left completely uninhabited for up to 50km from the border in some place . 
  in the end we had to pay serbian refugees to move there and hold the line since no one else wanted to . 
  besides what the ottomans themselves did , they would bribe/blackmail some serbs and bosnians to ride deeper into croatia and do the same thing before running away again . 
  that 's exactly one other battle tactic they used quite often . 
  sending lone riders of mercenaries and opportunists ahead of the army to surrounding villages to pillage and rape . 
  anything they found , they could keep . 
  including the woman . 
  it was used to lower the moral of their husbands that we 're in camps waiting and it was quite effective in that . 
  in the name of allah and purging the heretics . 
  i can write a whole essay about what they did to their conquered nations , all the massacres during warfare , as well as their attitude towards cultural heritage and monuments . 
  ( reminds you of someone today ? ) . 
  guess in whose name ? 
  change of governments over time , protests , turning a blind eye policy . 
  also stuff good to look up . 
  i do n't remember someone asking the people actually living in the eu , do you ? 
  look , no one said it is n't the most european thing , right ? 
  * cracks open a staropramen *, 
  you would think that after 1200 years of radical islam empires attacking us and failing they would learn, 
  the song mentions those camps but does n't praise them . 
  he praises ndh which in my opinion is n't ok , but in none of his songs praise concentration camps or killing of civilians . 
  it 's there , just the number is off the charts, 
  * whistles knowing both russia and nato are preparing for war and us the little countries in the middle will get fucked over as usual *, 
  sure , just prove it to me, 
  10 $ sais all 8 people who downvoted you do n't know what multiculturalism is without google, 
  not sure what you mean ? 
  there were foreign powers involved before , during and after the war . 
  nah , scraping them off the rocks below is too much work, 
  what attacks are you referring too ? 
  keep in mind european cis countries are n't counted in the two other groups . 
  i would just like to mention that the pool was made right after the start of the ukrainian conflict when it was n't sure will russia attack or not and before trump , as well as the fact that directly comparing percentages like that is n't really optimal . 
  the link you sent proved what i said ... 
  to be honest many ee countries do n't see russia any bigger threat than the us, 
  slovenia is light green while legend sais it 's dark green , just saying, 
  thanks for the advice, 
  slovenia and czechia , croatia and slovakia < 3, 
  i got the impression they were legit angry and not just complaining , if that 's the case my bad, 
  actually it 's proven people will , massively . 
  little tricks like this turn incredible profit actually . 
  read the whole comment . 
  he/she talked about people being angry at the cashier for not having change . 
  because yes screaming at the cashier for stuff they do n't have control over certainly does n't make you an awful person / s, 
  count us in, 
   on one hand , we 've had bad experiences with minorities , i * think * people here are more suspicious and less `` omg let 's do multi-kulti !!,
