i 'm certain it was a hard competition , glad we came out on top, 
  yeah but so are we * looks at austria *, 
  actually we made this propaganda so we have an excuse to annex you again, 
  those two links said many guns come from ex-yu and that some media ( did n't even say which ) speculate that charlie attack and a few more were done using illegal weapons from this area . 
  where is the source of  most if not all the weapons used in the terrorist attacks across europe came from stocks left over from the yugoslav wars . 
  nothing is being done to hinder that . 
  source of that ? 
  the eu parliment is directly elected , but it is n't truly legislative . 
  only the european commision has it , a instituition over which the people have 0 power, 
  source of that ? 
  veto right is not electing people, 
   democratic organisation did i miss something ? 
  from my understanding neither do people , nor their elected representatives choose the eu 's lawmakers . 
  would n't really call that democratic, 
  i was so confused for a while , thought op meant yugoslavia, 
  just today a group of people started chanting `` za dom spremni '' in knin . 
  they got arrested in under 5 min, 
  ai n't nobody got money for that, 
  `` a language is a dialect with an army and a navy '', 
  perfectly not . 
  enough to get the general hang of it yeah . 
  creating a unified army should make the nato unnecessary on our end . 
  however due to the possibility of a full scale war happening sometime in the future , we ca n't afford to leave it even if our army project goes that well . 
  i never said they/we should leave nato . 
  i only said no one should trust blindly enough not to work on alternatives too, 
  actually you do , for example the budapest memorandum . 
  however none or them are as binding as a nato or eu defence pact . 
  estonia should and must trust the eu and nato to support it . 
  should they blindly trust it without looking for alternatives ? 
  absolutely not, 
   should n't blindly trust the eu the blindly part i should have bolded . 
  as long as it remains a member estonia should count on the help of eu in such matters . 
  however they should n't trust it blindly . 
  the west made it 's choice not to do much and that 's perfectly ok , no need to get all defensive . 
  the only thing your comment did is confirm my opinion that estonia should n't blindly trust the eu to defend it . 
  nato does the job horribly but still better than eu wants to/could do . 
  however the most important thing is good relations with other ee countries . 
  times and times again the west showed they do n't give a damn about anyone but themselves , all while neighbouring countries are still pouring in soldiers and money in ukraine for example, 
  my great-grandmother was a young girl when ww1 started . 
  old enough to remember it doe . 
  ww2 started as she was having her first child . 
  she was watching her children marry when the cold war started . 
  finally , in her final days during retirement , when her grandchildren started to have kids on their own , she lived to live through the yugoslav wars . 
  i ca n't even begin to think how could she live through all that and still an extremely positive person and a true optimist . 
  sometimes i think it 's exactly because of all the tough time in her life she thought she needed to be the one to be that person , else no one else will . 
  how about showing the full qoute, 
  you really do n't see how separating the eu in two blocks is splitting the eu ? 
  problem is that the whole idea behind it is that `` faster '' block is gon na set the standards and laws for the eu that other countries should strive for , all without the said countries . 
  it 's directly taking the power away to shape eu future from those countries . 
  if cooperation is really all you want why not make the cooperation through means that are n't eu laws ? 
  splitting the eu is a best way to destroy it . 
  if the central powers more integration they can do so through other means which are n't eu laws, 
  except most of the countries in eu would rather be comparably poor than become a federation under current terms . 
  the age has n't started yet , do n't delude yourself, 
  nah , they would start arguing they claim a fifth of the pope 's night table or smth, 
  yugoslavia was compromised of 6 republics . 
  according to it 's constitution , at least 4 other republics needed to approve of it for any of the republics to leave legally . 
  serbia voted no against everybody but slovenia , montenegro did n't want out but gave approval for everybody who wanted and the rest of us supported each other in leaving . 
  now i can make a whole seminar about how we got up together and the legitimacy of it but would take far too much time . 
  hopefully this explanation why it was legal to leave explains what you wanted to know, 
  i do , i also think splitting up countries will be the least of our problems if this multiculturalism = good charade continues, 
  yeah but where is the line ? 
  what if i brought 10 of my buddies to idk germany , we get citizenship , buy some land and bam proclaim a new country ? 
  this was a very simplified and extreme scenario but hopefully you get the point . 
  let me remind you that spain is the owner of all the public areas in spain . 
  if parts of the country want to take away property from it they need to have consent of the majority of spain, 
  those are the exact mountain climbing chezhs i was talking about . 
  costs a fortune to save them all, 
  croatia really is n't expensive , i doubt price will be a problem even after it, 
  partying brits , mountain climbing chezhs and bosnians who apparently love it so much here they move over ( together with half their city ), 
  oh i wish it was only germans, 
  i just love how fucked croatia looked in between all those great powers , not much changed, 
  completely agree , except one little problem . 
  the block for entering the eu taking it to haag breaking their own contract the treats about sabotaging out tourism which may or may not came true their papers calling us fascist and what not in the last few days the bay does n't matter , what matters is teaching slovenia that this is n't a kindergarten that they ca n't go around bullying people . 
  i was all for letting them have it . 
  now ? 
  if you want an exit to open waters , go ask italia for some , see how that goes, 
  nah macedonia is more central european ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  even if it did n't it would n't be final . 
  the specific court has no authority to enforce the decision, 
  huh ? 
  what dimension do you live in ? 
  most wars ? 
  we lost ww1 as a part of austro-hungary but got our separation from them what we wanted for quite some time , we were occupied during ww2 but won in the end and won the homeland war, 
  well no , but in the end russia has always been their bigger ally than the west . 
  i honestly hope they actually changed/change soon, 
  exactly . 
  that means they can stay in non-war areas, 
  huh , why ? 
  yes , look at turks currently, 
  it 's a tradition, 
  poland , it is just like the prophecies have foretold . 
  deus vult my brothers bulwarks of christianity ride again ^ ^ ^ / s ? 
  migrations have been . 
  mass , completely unregulated economic migrations ? 
  we went pass that a long time ago . 
  just look at the migrant cap every country has to reach and the whole policy . 
  he was sourcing the origin of the theory, 
  the officials languages are dutch , french and german . 
  boy , oh boy what countries should you annex , hmmmm,
