  news bar definitely . 
  yes they are a satiric fake news show but still they are more creditable and correct than all our other media together, 
  why not just use a knife ? 
  i mean unless you do n't like cheese that much so you want as little of it as possible, 
  and here is why italians love wine so much, 
  modern greeks are cultural descendents of ancient greece . 
  they accept that but as soon as the macedonia region in the historical sense is mentioned , suddenly all it matters is blood or strict borders . 
  it 's ridiculous, 
  i think it 's extremely hypocritical from greece . 
  they only do it so they emphasise that alexander was n't macedonian and yet they call themselves greeks while they have nothing to do with ancient greece . 
  edit for clarification : talked about the republic of macedonia , not the historical region, 
  who knows , maybe it comes down to if you believe in their incompetence or holy more, 
  due to eu laws the government introduced special garbage bags for sorting waste . 
  once a week it all gets collected and just dumped on the nearest landfill . 
  that is gon na make us have to pay massive fess to eu but nothing has been doing about it . 
  the only things that are recycled are the plastic bottles . 
  a year or two ago , eu proposed a solution and offered funds and our politicians literally forgot to fill the paperwork on time , even after eu sent a notice to remind them to do it, 
  on the coast where tourist cities are , you can normally pay in euros , without any covering fees . 
  they will charge you extra gor being a tourist but not for using a different currency, 
  also : dogs : croatian sheepdog istrian coarse-haired hound istrian shorthaired hound old croatian sighthound posavac hound tornjak horses : croatian coldblood me\u0111imurje horse posavac horse piggy : turopolje pig domesticated pigeon : archangel pigeon, 
   it is a religion that regulates * all * aspects of life and in some parts severely curtails freedom to an unacceptable degree most religions do , by itself it 's not more troublesome than any other . 
  the problem is with how many people actually blindly follow it to that degree . 
  omg yes . 
  can somebody actually change it to that please ? 
  simplified croatian ? 
  xd * shrugs *, 
  in general croatian wikipedia is quite bad, 
  deprecated ne zna\u010di ukinut . 
  that 's because our country is a comedy, 
  source za to da vi\u0161e nema iso ? 
  well i was very surprised when i found out that my entire language is a dialect of bosnian/serbian despite what they were teaching me for 12 years in school . 
  does that count ? 
  judging by the way it was done until now our government would do it without changing the constitution . 
  croatian laws are absolutely filled with laws that contradict each other . 
  depends on what country . 
  smaller , economically worse countries would definitely prosper . 
  others who knows but i do n't it 's that beneficial to them, 
  that marriage is between a man and a woman, 
  even in countries with far less snow people still use winter tires during the winter simply because ice, 
  seen it here . 
  also stores and trams, 
  we are basically the mini version of the usa 's bible belt , the only difference is we have an army, 
  we had it for some time now and at least at close it looks recognisable . 
  no point in fixing what 's not broken, 
  definitely not common here . 
  i actually have it set up on my phone currently just because people get confused and then i can laugh to it later, 
  here we perceive them depending on what version of yugoslavia/croatia was there during their childhood . 
  a note these are not popular names i just simplified it . 
  so the generations would be : the kingdom generation , the people 's republic generation , the tito generation , the after-tito generation , the war generation , and idk what i should call the newest generation . 
  i completely agree with everything you said . 
  i 'll only apologise for the misunderstanding . 
  i accidentally indirectly called it the current policy . 
  it was a policy but very long ago , before yugoslavia was made . 
  now it 's just an ideology that some of the characters you mentioned follow more or less, 
  oh yeah they get shut down alot but no one cares . 
  die young and die happy, 
  all those bad relationships mentioned here are in a political sense . 
  serbs , bosnians , us , etc get along great . 
  not to mention the trade is going just perfect between us . 
  the only problem is our politicians . 
  the term great serbia has been used by their politicians for long now , despite the very large portion of the population just like you not even knowing/caring what that is, 
  the first part is not really correct . 
  bad relations are n't due to wars . 
  they existed long before it , otherwise they would n't have happened, 
  february 2008 they declared independence . 
  it 's uncertain if they will become a true independent country or go back to being serbia but currently it 's neither, 
  republic of kosovo is n't serbia anymore . 
  it 's disputed territory, 
  idk about the other countries but the bad relationship with bosnia , kosovo and croatia is due to it 's politicians never getting over that there 's no `` great serbia '' . 
   yes , they were advised to collaborate and so they did . 
  that is one step further from just being occupied . 
  you kinda missed thousands of dead bodies of people who did n't collaborate . 
  you are really gon na blame the people for keeping their head down ? 
   the germans also did not celebrate hitler just for being hitler . 
  they celebrated the things his government did , like ending the `` shame of versailles '' and with that recreating an army of which the germans were proud of . 
  they were celebrating the accomplishments of the government and therefore the government itself . 
  it is no different in croatia , the fascists managed to create an independent croatia , something many desired , so they celebrated what the government achieved . 
  they saw that the fascists have achieved what the people always wanted . 
  it was like in germany , the people did not have a deep inner connection with the ideas of fascism , they just wanted a better life and saw their opportunity in the new fascist government , so they were loyal and looked away while the ones in charge carried out their horrible crimes , just like in germany . 
  that 's true but that celebration happened when ndh was proclaimed a state . 
  noone was harmed until that point . 
  paveli\u0107 just got proclaimed the head of the state and it was heavily disputed , it was uncertain if he would stay . 
  ndh did nothing wrong until that point . 
  if people loved it so much why were n't there any celebrations after that ? 
  why did we change a 400 year old coat of arms just because some people started associating it with ndh ? 
  why did the numberg military tribunal concluded croats had no sovereignty in ndh if we were so independent as you say ? 
  why was there an italian king that even paveli\u0107 could n't publicly dispute if we were so sovereign ? 
  how did croats managed to vote in a nazi ruler and started mass killing all the other minorities all while croats were under 50 % of population in ndh ? 
  did all the other minorities forgot to vote on that imaginable voting ? 
  did the majority of ndh ( all the minorities together ) just sit there in their homes politely while croats were apparently going around slaughtering them ? 
  now that 's just pure out of context quoting . 
  it sais right there on the link you said . 
  after refusing to rule ma\u010dek advised the people that they should listen to the new government . 
  a very good advice considering thousands of croats died exactly because they did n't listen to the government . 
  secondly the people of zagreb as well as many other cities celebrated . 
  they celebrated an independent country of croatia , something we did n't have for 800 years . 
  they did n't celebrate the killings that have yet to happen , they did n't celebrate paveli\u0107 or hitler , they celebrated independence . 
  what the f are you talking about ? 
  taking responsibility for something that `` for now '' did n't happened ? 
  how is voting for a democratic president = supporting the nazi regime ?
