  worst part is the issue with the page or the first post of the discussion have nothing to do with that, 
  oh no , it has nothing to do with serbo-croatian the mods/article literally says that croatians did n't exist until standard croatian was made 150 years ago . 
  that 's the issue, 
  the page is about the croatian language : including standard croatian , kaikavian , chakavian and shtokavian . 
  one of the mods suddenly deleted just the first sentence saying it 's only about the standard croatian but left the rest of the article intact . 
  now stuff like dialects of croatian languages are listed under dialects of standard croatian . 
  the first issue in the discussion : some guy asked to change that first sentence back . 
  the responses of the mods are priceless . 
  two mods claiming croatians are serbs that got separated 150 years ago . 
  one mods profile says he 's a proud furry and the other guy is quoting vuk karad\u017ei\u0107 as his source . 
  that 's the dude that said serbs built the babilon towers and gardens and then came to europe known as vandals to conquer the roman empire . 
  / r/de or / r/germany not working ? 
  france has many flaws like all other countries . 
  just saying economics is n't one of those flaws . 
  yeah europe is n't universally greatest place to live . 
  one of the reasons is how self-centered people are like we can see in your comment . 
  you do realise that you live in economically one of the strongest countries in the whole world ? 
  1/7 , debt of 100 % gdp ? 
  fuck yes sign me up . 
  those are all pros compared to the average european country , not to mention countries from poorer continents, 
  that 's your opinion and you have all the freedom to refuse . 
  however i 'm not talking about a `` social event '' . 
  i 'm talking about the first drink the host offers you when you arrive at someone 's home . 
  and what it was poison would i feel the same ? 
  it 's not meat , it 's fermented fruit . 
  these drinks are traditionally made at home . 
  they can last for years and are drank quickly making them perfect for a welcoming drink . 
  no one is forcing you drink it but it 's proper to try it since the host put hard work into it . 
  it 's weird to say at least to refuse the welcoming drink . 
  the drinks offered are fruit brandys in 0,02 l glasses , even kids drink that , should n't be a problem to sip one out of decency even if you do n't drink, 
  well i was just poking fun at the fact that the separation of power was removed last week . 
  now one party holds the parliament , the court system , presidency and government . 
  thus making the leader of that party have all the political power . 
  as an eu country , of course they wo n't remove voting but as it stands for now things will stay like this for a while, 
  http://www.zvirek.net/kajkavskijezik/wp-content/uploads/karta_kajkavski_jez%c3%adk.jpg.jpg see for yourself yeah it was a part of it for what 20 years ? 
  the coastal dialect ( chakavian ) has a major influence from italian . 
  meanwhile the kajkavian parts are the continental which were part of the habsburg monarchy/austro-hungary for 800 years so they naturally leaned more in that direction i think it 's a bit funny you never heard of it as a slovene . 
  the most well know kajkavian parts are the border parts with slovenia, 
  yeah , we are too small for that . 
  we just occasionally get the yugoslavia hate . 
  a suprising amount of people never noticed the whole splitting up part, 
  the general stigma da we are still a warzone or smth . 
  also the general hate westerners have for well every other country than their own, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kajkavian the language non-coastal croats spoke untill about 250 years ago . 
  nowadays only diluted versions of it are still spoken in some rural areas . 
  basically it 's just slovene with a bunch of german loanwords . 
  slovene , kajkavian , bos-cro-mon-serbian , english , slovakian - i know good russian , german , chezh , polish , bulgarian , sanskrit - kinda, 
  in general croatians that did n't grow up in kajkavian parts do n't understand slovene at all . 
  also known as @bernardi \u0107 for his love of twitter . 
  singlehandedly through his tweets and statements managed to fuck his own party enough to possibly end the dual party system we had for the last 25 years . 
  due to the lack of a strong third party he 's still the leader of the opposition, 
  the kajkavian language which is apparently a dialect too . 
  i just love the sound , the perfect combination of slavic east and german west . 
  also some dialects/sub-dialects of it sound v funny to standard croatian speakers, 
  everyone is moving out , there twice as many croats living outside of croatia than in it . 
  we are in the eu . 
  that makes moving to rich western countries quite easy . 
  there is absolutely no reason to stay in a semi-dictatorship where every fourth kid grows up poor except because of family and friends or patriotism . 
  people come back as tourists , that 's it . 
  people staying usually think of them as weak or idealistic personally i think there is absolutely nothing wrong for moving away from a life of poverty, 
  / r/france does n't exist ? 
  it is getting old but it is n't out of use yet, 
  well yes and no . 
  in this case croatian standard language is an artifically crated language based on shtokavian dialect for the purpose of being a standard language . 
  i was n't sure how 's the classification in other countries , as in if the dialects used to create the standard language are counted as it 's dialects so i just put that notice . 
  racism is discrimination and prejudice towards people based on their race . 
  the hate towards gypsies can be called xenophobia and many other things but certainly not racism considering that is n't a race, 
  gypsies are n't a race or muslim last time i checked, 
  well it means exactly that : cool . 
  could also mean a prank/joke, 
  the standard croatian languages has actually 0 dialects . 
  luckily croatia/croats do have a shit ton of then like most countries do, 
  not in other languages, 
  slavic languages , especially slovenian and slovakian to some extent kajkavian too, 
  i actually spend 38h a week at school already . 
  plus homeworks , projects and studying at home . 
  it 's physically impossible to work too at the same time . 
  on the other hand summer jobs are expected for students to have . 
  it 's a hard time , people need money, 
  the whole slavic mythology pretty much in some shape or form, 
  not here besides bosnians are much cheaper, 
  our glorious leaders would never do such a thing . 
  shhhh keep them in good mood . 
  there 's a saying here : the only way to make something work is if hungarians plan it , the austrians pay for it and the bosnians build it, 
   well yeah but nowadays there is zero chance of this happening . 
  yeah from germany but look for example at ukraine now . 
  not if you have shitty trains, 
  30 more years and it wo n't exist anymore, 
  we already are part of the bible belt and speak english as much as a proper southerner . 
  we would n't feel the difference, 
  annex us harder pls, 
  ww1 did n't go well but we blame hungary for that or are you referring to something else ? 
  croatia will donate both our planes for the cause, 
  is all of them an option ? 
  adriatic lake is superior, 
  we do n't have religious classes , but we do have christianity classes every single year in our education . 
  in elementary/middle school , everybody is expected to go to it . 
  it 's not mandatory but it 's an opt-out system and there is usually no place prepared for students to be in the meantime . 
  besides that the teachers are picked by the church and it can revoke their teaching licence if it wanted to . 
  bullying is a major problem in those earlier years mostly because of the kids not knowing better but i also heard some cases of teachers bullying kids for not going to christianity classes or for not being baptised .
