   a big difference is that slavic languages lack the retroflex consonants that are very present in sanskrit . 
  it does exist : / \u0282 , \u0290 , t\u0282 , d\u0290 / it 's even more pronounced in more traditional dialects, 
  yeah there [ is ] ( http://www.sutrajournal.com/sanskrit-in-croatia-from-sarasvati-to-hrvati-by-james-cooper ) the languages are n't similar enough for people to understand each other adequately but some words and especially grammar and pronunciation are very similar, 
  i mean we have the same roots and the languages are [ similar ] ( http://www.sutrajournal.com/sanskrit-in-croatia-from-sarasvati-to-hrvati-by-james-cooper ) they are n't similar enough to understand each other adequately but quite a few words and most of the grammar is the same, 
  there is no country speaking croatian outside europe ( not counting the little croatian communites around the americas ) . 
  however we have a sister language in india-sanskrit . 
  unfortunately we do n't really feel that close to it , but at least much more close than other asian cultures, 
  bosnian food, 
  and where do neutral countries come into that split ? 
  technically it was austria but yeah . 
  i recommend switzerland as the new world center, 
  oh i did n't realise we were talking about croatia but ok . 
  position of croatia : geographically : balkan culturally : middle europe it 's a mix of : south europe , southeastern europe and middle europe the british put the border of balkan on the river sava . 
  that would put most of croatia 's territory in balkans but only a minority of the population . 
  we 've been in the same country with hungary for 800 years . 
  how can you not see it ? 
  chezh not as much , but it 's still one of the closes countries to us , would recommend visiting it yes the separation of east and west is the legacy of the cold war but where do the neutral countries fall into that separation ? 
  i really do n't need to prove you anything , if you really wanted to know you could have googled it , no point in me trying to change your mind . 
  i really hope that i did n't a large majority of the population lives in the continental part and was n't really connected to the mediterranean most of it 's history , so no . 
  the only exception would be if you ask someone from dubrovnik . 
  the city being at it 's time one of the most important trading centers for the mediterranean , i suppose people from there would say they are, 
  oh that means spain is an african country , afterall all those years of arab rule do have an influence, 
  except that the world does n't resolve around germany, 
  well yeah and this holiday idea is undermining that . 
  each european country 's culture is a pan-european one , each with it 's holidays . 
  op wants a `` real european '' holiday , basically saying all the current ones are n't that . 
  however making the europe day a holiday , one that would help unite europe , that would be something i encourage . 
  just to make something clear it 's a fact that pan-european culture exists i just wanted to see what it means to you ( and to the people having an upvote party ) . 
  mostly because you people apparently have a much different approach to it , if you really think it needs a holiday  - a common cultural and spiritual heritage derived from greco-roman antiquity , christianity , the renaissance and its humanism , the political thinking of the enlightenment , and the french revolution , and the developments of modernity , including all types of socialism ; spiritual heritage would fall under cultural one but yes having the same cultural heritage means having a similar culture , nothing groundbreaking there . 
   - a rich and dynamic material culture that has been extended to the other continents as the result of industrialization and colonialism during the `` great divergence '' ; dynamic material culture ? 
  do you mean technology in general ? 
   - a specific conception of the individual expressed by the existence of , and respect for , a legality that guarantees human rights and the liberty of the individual ; ah yes finally something solid . 
  even through strong nationalism that is still present in european countries , individualism has been both very popular and important in our everyday lives . 
  i agree it 's one of the key features of this culture . 
   - a plurality of states with different political orders , which are feeding each other with new ideas ; different political orders in europe ?? 
  besides russia and what 's happening in turkey/serbia i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  the ideas part , yes extremely important and dominant . 
   - respect for peoples , states and nations outside europe . 
  this what we should strive for but i do n't think that this attitude is dominant enough in an average european to be a specific cultural feature, 
  and what is this pan-european culture according to you ? 
  nah we have bigger scandals than that on a weekly basis , so people do n't really know what watergate even means . 
  the naming thing , again we have too many affairs to call each one something-gate, 
  well yeah just because you have it bad , does n't make it better for us . 
  doe i guess all this elections affairs with vu\u010di\u0107 are worse than what we had lately . 
  eh who knows , it 's only the begging of the year maybe we can make a bigger scandal by the end, 
  my countries subreddit for most stuff and news bar prime time for politics . 
  that news report is a weekly youtube comedy series but they actually report on real news - it 's just there are more memes in it than actual reporting, 
  it seems like everytime i hear about you guys it 's some politician doing something ridiculous hang in there, 
  exactly , meaning you 're not the most pessimistic . 
  that 's like me saying we are the biggest wine drinkers . 
  oh yeah italy , france and slovenia drink more because of their long wine tradition so did n't count them, 
  google what socialism is . 
  yugoslavia was never even trying to be a communist country, 
  i 'm just saying that even if you are more naturally pessimistic , a country where every fifth child ( or forth ) grows up poor will always beat you in the long run, 
  well to be fair he was trying to say that the government should protect it 's citizens . 
  protecting it 's buildings is also important i guess, 
  well to be fair it 's only warsaw pact countries . 
  there are n't really much people from those countries here besides poland , czechia and some baltic countries, 
  well to be fair bosnia is one of the most diverse countries in europe if not the most diverse, 
  right at the end maybe but my grandparents remember a time when we did n't have to import those things because we were producing them ourselves, 
  slovenia was n't part of the warsaw pact so the question really does n't apply to us ex-yu . 
  not to mention socialism is not the same as communism, 
   producing citiziens who talk shit about their own country . 
  yeahhh balkans want a word, 
  the balkans would want to have a very strong word with him too, 
  living in one of the strongest economies in the world , claims there 's so much pessimism judging by this you may be the best in sarcasm, 
  well yeah but i 'm still not sure what you mean by agramers, 
  that part is true , the rest of his comment doe ... * shivers *, 
  really no . 
  a large majority off people in zagreb speak shtokavian with a bit of kajkavian influence . 
  yes even most of the agrams, 
  what even ? 
  last 100-200 years , yes of course there has been some mixing lately , thought you were talking about the time before the croatian standard language . 
  wait that means you called the current zagreb `` dialect '' kajkavian . 
  sweetheart the current one is nothing remotely close to kajkavian, 
  the official language of the continental croatia ( including zagreb ) for centuries before shtokavian even existed was the kaikavian language . 
  some people still speak it , mostly in rural parts . 
  the official number does n't exist because of political reasons . 
  due to 150 years of systematically destroying croatian languages out of those same political reasons , the number of speakers is dropping drastically . 
  nowadays outside the rural parts only a few jargon words remain, 
  kaikavian is much older than shtokavian , how can it have shtokavian influence ? 
  yes it is . 
  op was just talking about where it was mainly used in croatia when it became official ( am really hoping that 's the case and he is n't simply a nationalistic nutjob ) edit : goddamn he was the other thing , see kids that 's what you get for believing in people, 
  trust me you do n't wan na have a debate who has a worse government, 
  that 's because nothing about our country id simple or strong, 
  especially to our politicians :p, 
  not to mention there is a very , very strong anti-russian mindstate in the west . 
  i 'm not talking about hate against putin or the communism or whatever , but hate towards the russian people themselves . 
  already am living in it, 
  much , much better said . 
  thanks, 
   you have absolute freedom of religion in croatia . 
  well of course , croatia is an eu country which means there must be at least basic freedom pf religion . 
  when i said there 's a lack of freedom i meant comparing to other eu countries . 
  sorry , should n't have opened up with a joke . 
   even in school religious subjects are available for all the major religions : there was a documentary not long ago about gunja where there were carholic , orthodox and muslim religious class taking place in the same school . 
  that 's 1 school . 
  i live in the capital and never heard of any school doing that , just catholic studies . 
  at the same time religion textbooks given out by the state openly say that atheists are spawn of satan , etc. 
  keep in mind i only heard about a couple of school about how they do religion studies so considering the sample size take my next sentence with a grain of salt .
