  balkan and us got you covered, 
  yes we are more than happy to steal anything given the good enough chance , and yes ww2 still has n't ended for us apparently, 
  i know some people here who were n't sure about buying golden rings out of fear of being robbed because of it , never seen a diamond ring irl . 
  also diamonds are way too expensive to be common, 
   ca n't tell anything as i 'm not an expert in the war - i did n't live it , neither by place nor age - . 
  did n't want to start a geopolitics discussion here , i know nobody 's completely good or bad , it 's even more difficult to guess when there were lots of factions , like in the whole yugoslavia 's war . 
  this . 
  no one accepts this , even to this day . 
   there was a misunderstanding . 
  half of spanish army was there along 20 years , not at the same time . 
  and we shared area with france , germany and italy . 
  the siege of sarajevo was much more complicated , and the bases were built later . 
  oh yeah , now it makes sense , my bad . 
  / r/croatia nice tourist sticky thread and enough memes to give 4chan a run for their money , 10/10, 
  well congrats to mostar and the spanish then . 
  but no croat will forget the unprofor `` peace areas '' and the opposition the un gave when croatia started to liberate it 's lost lands . 
  edit : also may you give me some years to work with ? 
  i 'm interested to see why `` half the spanish army near mostar and sarajevo '' could n't lift either of the sieges of the cities with sarajevo one lasting 4 fin years, 
  you would n't even need to conquer our coast this time , i 'm sure lots of people will be more than happy to be part a part of france, 
  check again what they did in yugoslavia , trust me was n't pretty, 
  read my comment again , those were n't two separate reasons . 
  doe croatians are among the older nations of europe, 
  not really . 
  doe the capital has not one but a few sketchy parts . 
  also that our nation is both 1300 and 25 years old . 
  * sits in the corner awkwardly * ummm slovenia can we pretend you were our colony ? 
  probably germany . 
  doe we do n't really have friends, 
  here it 's not just tourists , locals do it a lot too . 
  they see a crowded sidewalk and a empty bike lane so everyone just walks on them , not having to worry about other people . 
  it 's quite bad, 
  it 's more about not caring than being confused, 
  please do n't go exploring our mountain region in flip-flops and a bathing suit . 
  and if you do , at least stay on the set path . 
  it sounds stupid but you would be surprised on how many tourists need to be saved every year because of this . 
  also when crossing a street , look left and right , even if it 's a one way street . 
  hell it would be good to look up too , just in case, 
  lel read that as jugoton and was very confused how is that polish xd i 'm glad people are covering those songs in other languages . 
  the music is great , but the lyrics are so good and it 's a real shame that only so much people understand them . 
  we do n't except carving pumpkins and occasional halloween themed party . 
  doe we have ma\u0161kare which is a tradition in spring when kids do trick or treating symbolising the spring `` knocking on your door '' . 
  there are also a few more differences in costumes and what people give to kids besides candy but it 's almost the same thing, 
   for example , the love affair with 1980s yugoslav rock . 
  it 's the music of their youth/something their parents introduced them to . 
  not to mention it was the golden age of many things , including rock . 
  of course it 's kinda popular . 
  just like how classic rock is popular in usa/uk . 
   to me , it still feels like there 's quite a socio-cultural `` wall '' between italy and slovenia / `` yugoslavia . '', 
  there is a bit but it 's the same with any neighbouring countries with so different origins . 
  the thing is culturally slovenia and croatia are n't that different, 
  rex yes , max no, 
  most slavic languages can understand each other sufficiently with enough hand motions . 
  think of them as british , australian and american . 
  also serbs , bosnians and croatians can perfectly understand each other, 
  i would die laughing . 
  croatian is stupidly hard but hey i would pay them a drink for the effort . 
  no we are not eastern europe and we were n't a part of ussr . 
  yes we are relatively close to greece but no we do n't all have black hair . 
  do n't believe us much when we boast about our country . 
  popular lies are that we have the smallest chapel in the world , that we invented the parachute , etc. 
  that we are expensive despite what we say in advertising . 
  people come in the middle of the tourist season in the biggest tourist cities , sit in some caffe in the centre and complain about it being a bit pricey ... 
  try doing that in italy and watch as you go bankrupt over a pizza edit : read five instead of four , fixed, 
  umm all of them . 
  border disputes are kinda our speciality, 
  eh i do n't like it much , the chunky bits are too much, 
  well , along with chicken and beef pate , we have this thing called pupil pate . . 
   the people exercise this power through the election of * the same two political parties since the countries establishment *, 
  well he has a point . 
  he asked the age of a country , not a nation, 
  australia . 
  does n't help i 'm dating a stereotypical aussie , does it ? 
  i would be if a good enough opportunity popped up, 
  the thing is most english speaking people learn a second language out of convince , we learn it out of necessity . 
  living in the twenty first century without english is hard and so is getting a job without knowing it . 
  i agree that 's how it should be , but i 'm just going of what it sais in the textbooks, 
  eh not an excuse . 
  especially since we learn it since the first grade . 
  we are by sea . 
  it counted while i had geography , idk if it changed, 
  yeah that 's the phrasing i was looking for . 
  here 's another stereotype for you : none of our neighbours know english , and neither do we, 
  that 's more of a bulgarian influence xd, 
  education , quality of life and expensive stuff here are all nonexistent, 
  everyone forgets croatians :(, 
  am croatian , been to italy . 
  those are n't stereotypes , that is the truth, 
  slovenian yellow pages fit on a flyer . 
  joke aside everyone agrees slovenians made a much more successful nation , all 10 of them together . 
  italian is actually just random shouting and the real communication is with hand signs . 
  also their pizza sucks . 
  montenegro 's are all lazy . 
  bosnians are hillbillies , but they look out for each other . 
  also considering you can find them absolutely everywhere including making up 50 % of population of all balkan countries studies show they are the nation with the most people in the world . 
  serbs are devils but secretly everyone loves their women . 
  hungary is the land of people mashing hot peppers up their throat and screaming `` fire can not kill a dragon '', 
  nothing anymore really . 
  got used to people calling europe a country and thinking it 's 1 culture . 
  oh and the `` croatia is n't central europe '' opinion became so popular i 'm surprised now when i hear someone actually sais correctly, 
  pork , beef , lamb , chicken .
