  the biggest group is bosnia . 
  they are about a third of the population of croatia and about 85 % population of my county by last estimates, 
  born in late 90 's, 
  out of curiosity , any reason why it had to be romans ? 
  i find any foreign cultural influence a bad thing, 
  i loved it but then immigrants came . 
  now the whole region is dying out unfortunately . 
  at least the scenery is still amazing, 
  while we were `` barbarians '' we had direct democracy , equal distribution of wealth and no slavery . 
  the moment we took on christianity all of that changed . 
  yet they still call that period the `` cultural bloom '', 
  i suggest you look at extra credits video series about justinian ( on yt ) . 
  it 's quite entertaining, 
  the whole arpad dynasty is extremely fascinating . 
  also the dealings of the hungarian court in the austro-hungarian empire , specifically the schemes they used to get more power/freedom, 
  hungary . 
  the famous war of roses is boring compared to drama on their court, 
   and the problem is that none is really buying , since we have some of the lowest wages in europe . 
  you 're closer to having the highest wages than lowest, 
  i live 20km from the capital . 
  you can get a fully equipped house with land for 250 $ / m2, 
  sorry but it was during the 90 's . 
  even if news portal existed already , all the news was state owned so no point, 
  source : vladimir loknar - `` rije\u010dnik latinskog i hrvatskog jezika '' it 's true the last 2 probably are n't correct anymore , but they were in the 90 's to a point kids learned then in elementary school, 
  because our government created a special institution for creating new words . 
  the excuse was so they reduce the use the use of foreign loan words which is ridiculous considering our whole language is based on a bosnian dialect . 
  actually it was a way of employing a few hundred people , none of which were employed through public means , they were all handpicked family members and friends of politicians, 
  the heretics wo n't purge themselves, 
  i think it 's handy . 
  much less of them here . 
  also we could build a big wall . 
  the biggest wall, 
  more along the lines of deus vult, 
  our government is the world champion in thinking off new stupid words . 
  means air smacker raskru\u017eje - a circular intersection - lit . 
  an arounder emoticon - osje\u0107jajnik - lit . 
  a feeler dodirnik - touch screen - lit . 
  a limb cone a belt - okopojasni pantalodr\u017ea\u010d - lit . 
  around the waist pants holder a bicycle - me\u0111uno\u017eno guralo - lit . 
  a pusher in between legs i could do this all day, 
  my countrymen : fuck slovenia , marry bosnia , kill serbia me : fuck slovenia , marry austria , kill kebab i really like writing fuck slovenia, 
  the church has massive political power here . 
  the ruling party is super religious and the third biggest party is directly funded by the church . 
  there is no real punishment for breaking the contract but i do n't see that happening . 
  there are laws that were pushed directly by the church ( for example putting the ban of same-sex marriage in the constitution ) , the official oaths that politicians need to take upon receiving power end with a thanks to god , etc. 
  tl , dr : we did n't earn the title `` bulwark of christianity '' by looking pretty, 
  when croatia got it 's independence in 1991 , like all new countries we needed international recognition . 
  that 's why our politicians immediately turned to vatican , as a super-catholic country it was our ally for a long time . 
  the pope accepted he would vouch for us but there were many terms . 
  there is stuff about education , human rights etc , but there was also a yearly tax we needed to pay to `` help christians in need '' or smth , as well as giving the church in croatia special privileges . 
  those privileges also includes funding of to the croatian church . 
  the exact amount we pay to vatican and the croatian church is a secret but the general guess is about 2 or 3 percent of our gdp . 
  croatia pays taxes to vatican -  vatican is on italian soil -  croatia is actually an italian puppet state, 
  the whole thing in ireland lasted about 50 years . 
  meanwhile there are even byzantine records of for example , croats and serbs fighting, 
  take us with you, 
  not here simply because usa has nothing to show that we already do n't have here . 
  the only time someone goes there is on business . 
  not at all . 
  the tv news are all state owned , the newspapers and net news are either state owned or tabloids that write anything to get publicity . 
  for news i rely on my countries subreddit as well as news bar prime time . 
  it started as a comedy show but since our reality is much funnier , now it 's actual news about croatian politics, 
  it 's the 21st century . 
  you can travel from one end of the world to another in a matter of hours . 
  expecting every single person passing through your county to learn the language is arrogant of course same applies to tourists , judging the hosts for not knowing your language , unrelated to how wide spread it is, 
  i would support it only if it was purely defensive . 
  unfortunately i do n't see that happening, 
  in croatia quite bad , probably bad blood back since the ottoman conquests . 
  then again we really do n't have turkish immigrants here, 
  this thread shows exactly how immature this subreddit it . 
  go to your local supermarket and pick 3 random ketchups . 
  guaranteed they will all taste different . 
  now try the same in a supermarket in a different region , again all are different . 
  do you really think ketchup is the same in finland and spain for example ? 
  true for `` cannon meat '' . 
  in any other case no . 
  being in a battle and not knowing if you can count on the soldier next to you is a serious handicap, 
  just because not everyone must join , does n't mean everyone can join . 
  have n't met one yet . 
  then again we did kinda kill a lot of them in ww2 so expected, 
  bosnians , but they are n't really a majority since about a third of our population is bosnian . 
  they have zero tied to their old country simply because they ran away from it willingly to a better place . 
  culturally on the other hand , not only did they not assimilate , but completely changed our culture . 
  even our parliament speeches are usually in bosnian these days, 
  a marten is our official animal as well as our currency, 
  kajkavian which is funny considering it 's basically my mother tongue, 
  like in most countries dialects are dying out unfortunately . 
  what is special is here is that the two languages that were official for hundreds of years are dying too : kajkavian and chakavian . 
  150 years ago with the goal of uniting with our south neighbours our politicians decided that our standard language will be based on a bosnian dialect that standard bosnian , montenegrian and serbian are based on . 
  all the other dialects as well as the two historical official languages were banned from public life and to this day are while many other acts of language purisam have been done . 
  for example kajkavian language was coded by iso standard last year and was internationally acknowledged as a historical language . 
  our government , that government based in the city whose official language for 500 years was kajkavian , still did n't acknowledge it 's new status or allowed the school textbooks to be changed accordingly . 
  in short not only are the languages dying but there are government institutes designed to kill them off . 
  the croatian language is a blanket term for croatian languages ( standard and kajkavian ) as well as all the dialects . 
  someone removed everything but standard croatian from that category so now stuff like all the dialects , history , etc were referring to standard croatian and not the entirety of the croatian language . 
  i only needed to change a sentence or two , but the change in meaning is gigantic . 
  ( the last , i think , 2 edits ), 
  nowhere but in the comments on the discussion page now . 
  after i posted this thread a few wikipedia mods visited it and made sure my change in the article was left intact . 
  oh yeah , did n't see that it later on moved on to that god knows how .
