  the river sava raises because of the melting snow at the alpes and the villages along it do n't have good enough protection . 
  the army helps , firefighters and all the residents , people really get together for it, 
  most just leave their pets outside and letting them run around the neighbourhood only giving them water and food . 
  it 's quite shitty . 
  the one with the gold per turn bonus . 
  am totally not a dirty , money grabbing capitalist, 
  when you leave : keep the memories , not the baby, 
  ctrl-f , yes . 
  found the croat xd, 
  she belongs on my laptop . 
  the party ai n't gon na heal itself, 
  / r/serbia joke aside / r/rvacka . 
  it 's jokes come from news headlines or just / r/croatia posts made fun of, 
  turns out i was mistaken , my bad, 
  i have been an atheist most of life . 
  despite i still have a cross on the wall right in my room , with no memory of how it got there ... 
  i do n't know a single person my age that still watches tv or goes to the theatre . 
  that tells you all about our shows , movies and plays . 
  music . . 
  the most popular things are just serbian/bosnian stuff redone or american pop style - half naked autotune ex models parading in front of the camera . 
  folklore stuff is okay but it 's really made to be listened to while drunk, 
  yeah probably but sending it through the post in such quantities that it becomes a problem without raising suspicion is a real achievement, 
  catch them ? 
  of course they can . 
  typical unhappy customer complaining to the police , the competition reporting them , inspections getting lucky etc. 
  also if you look suspicious they can still check you at the border they just do n't usually do it, 
  just like there is n't a way to stop counterfeit market inside of a single country , i do n't see a problem, 
  oh well , as our goverment shows us everytime after elections : it could be worse . 
  we were n't the top but only one of three countries that share the first place but yeah still bad . 
  eh , we , the tourist heaven still have the lowest gdp in all of eu ( except bulgaria ) . 
  the money just goes poof . 
  also there were massive corruption scandals with our last 4 prime ministers and this one is just ready to happen, 
  recently watched it again , there 's quite a few of those now, 
  not exactly our movie but it 's a collaboration if i 'm not mistaken : the parade . 
  there was actually a study done recently on this topic ( on phone so ca n't link ) . 
  there were like 3 countries in the top : croatia , bulgaria and umm idk ghe third one, 
  croats and serbs actually do n't understand slovenian that good . 
  luckily for us hillbillies most slovenians speak decent croatian/serbian/bosnian, 
  zagorje : the part north of zagreb , close to slovenia . 
  they speak a mixture of slovenian , croatian and nonsense, 
  sir is cheese on croatian so it 's always funny to hear that the queen proclaimed some person a cheese, 
  umm we have a stagnation of high nationalism for some time now , does n't that count ? 
  i for one , would gladly accept my new european overlords over anything the last elections had to offer, 
  considering the trains are older than me and the railway is older than my grandparents i really do n't wan na call our train system an option, 
  when going to a holiday to somewhere in the country : if the squad is going you take the car , if you go alone you take the bus . 
  planes are too pricey doe they save time if you 're a business person and the company pays anyway . 
  trains are so bad it 's not even an option, 
  you are right , my bad . 
  read that as eu for some reason, 
  honestly not much of a difference except the eu scholarship programs and a new newslines every few months how our government failed to fill out the paperwork to get some funding , again, 
  meant a certain dude with a funny mustache but yeah ferdinand works too, 
  and the same trains probably . 
  but i was thinking of a certain gentleman with a funny mustache, 
  i would pay good money for that to happen . 
  doe i still remember what happened the last time an austrian ruled over us, 
  i would like my country to die for me , for a change, 
  here private schools are a place smug , rich little bastards go . 
  they get no real education there and a diploma from there is almost useless , but it 's not like they really need it anyway . 
  doe there are a few good private colleges out there , they focus more on scholarship programs and getting their money from eu fonds instead of rich parents donations . 
  neither is our government . 
  does n't stop them from screaming god is on their side every other sentence, 
  if trump wins our government will become bff 's with usa . 
  1 religious hillbilly and a whole government of them , should get along, 
  if trump wins our government will become bff 's with usa . 
  1 religious hillbilly and a whole government of them , should get along, 
  i can proudly say none . 
  also worth mentioning people do n't pick their subjects in high school here . 
  yeah there are a few optional classes but most are mandatory . 
  our army is just some kids who 's main job is to help people during floods and stuff, 
  and we learn even more about croatia , my point still stands . 
  we learn the general history of the whole world , not just eu, 
  except mcdonalds and stuff there are some retro styled american fast food joints, 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-croatia-police-iduskcn0x22e7 someone robbed 400,000 $ from the crime police hq with the police chief inside the building . 
  you do n't become a true croat until you steal a piece of land for yourself from one ( or more if you 're a mega croat ) of the neigbouring countries . 
  other than that proving where you were during 91 ' is of great importance, 
  strmopi\u017edenje : falling with such force and grace that it 's both funny and scary . 
  i fully support the habsburgs ruling over us again, 
  ehh it 's their own decision . 
  al though of course the economics will suffer especially the smaller countries, 
  in croatia ? 
  people think it 's normal . 
  some stores/bars do ask for id but usually the one next to it does n't . 
  well the two of them drink beer obviously , three wine , one rakija and those few people left are underage . 
  a worker is not afraid of hunger . 
  who 's first , gets the girl ( our version of finders , keepers ) . 
  no work can be done without the right tools . 
  look at the crazy guy messing with the confused guy . 
  di si bio 91 ' ? 
  the most common saying , is used to deternine someone 's worth . 
  texas has nothing on the outskirts of zagreb . 
  a shit ton of weapons stolen from the army bases that were here during the war resulted in not just having a few guns per house , but stuff like anti-aircraft guns , rocket lunchers and those big machine guns that are usually mounted on jeeps and tanks . 
  also my country is very christan but the small villages take it to a complete new level . 
  said serbia twice ? 
  must be one of those damned , up to no good croats, 
  only 48 are permanently inhabited and there is one island group which is a national park , doe it 's still not as visited as it should be . 
  having a beach for yourself is nice , but having a whole island group is even better . 
  we have over a thousand islands and not counting the 5 or 6 most popular , noone visits them, 
  the culture of drinking . 
  the recent elections made me really happy that when feeling bad it 's okay to go to a bar , pass out and just start drinking again when you wake up the next morning . 
  is okay .
