  all in all , sir , i would recommend a chill pill, 
  http://www.euractiv.com/section/global-europe/news/poll-serbia-s-complex-attitude-towards-the-eu/ depends on who you ask . 
  it 's only certain that support for eu has been falling steadily for years, 
  https://rsf.org/en/ranking_table turns out i was wrong , my apologies . 
  however ukraine has been steadily rising while serbia 's score has been rapidly dropping . 
  that 's a big thing considering how close their scores are . 
  all in all , we can argue all we want . 
  fact is that serbians do n't want to enter eu, 
   ukraine ? 
  you mean a corrupt oligarchy with no freedom of press serbia is much worse in this regard  an ongoing civil war-like dispute serbia has started at least 3 wars in the last 25 years and has sent 2 army convoys to neighbouring countries the last 5 years . 
   and the most incompetent government in europe ? 
  by what measurement ? 
  not really , people have been seeking to ban the commemoration for the last 30 years . 
  maybe finally it gets banned but i doubt there will be any drama, 
  tito themed wedding ? 
  where do i sign up ? 
  an average monthly croatian paycheck for an hour ride real cheap, 
  the separation of power was removed . 
  now one party holds the parliament , the court system , presidency and government . 
  a priest decided not to give a holy sacrament to some children because they were disabled . 
  some politicians and government media supported him . 
  the mayor of zagreb decided he 's gon na destroy one of the biggest parks in the city and replace it with some plastic grass and fountains . 
  people protested . 
  then he brought heavy machinery at 4 am , people stopped him again by lying on front of them . 
  after that he called his bodyguards and the `` war veterans '' to come clear the protesters . 
  they failed but they managed to physically assault some elderly people and a 13 year old girl, 
  we should turn this into an annual thing . 
  the highest bidder gets croatia for a year, 
  dang , forgot that their first try to get independence did n't succeed i stand corrected, 
  when was the last civil war ? 
  the independent state of croatia was n't : independent : on the thrones was placed mussolini 's cousin who never even visited croatia . 
  the guy who we voted for resigned because he had no power and then mussolini placed ante paveli\u0107 in charge . 
  state : it never got recognition as a country , mostly due to being both nazi and not independent . 
  croatia : an italian king and a italian of bosnian origin neither of who had any legitimacy running a dictatorship . 
  whose country is it again ? 
  the best thing about our neighbours is that they all have this one neighbour in common who 's great, 
   but even if you 're unemployed your country should provide you a free flat should and what 's actually happening are two different things, 
  all of them are equally european , what are you talking about ? 
  you 're surprised poor countries in europe exist ? 
  the very north/west not really . 
  it gets worse the closer you get to the bosnian border, 
  north and west - have been under austria/hungary for 800 years , industrial , the most devolped and educated , as well as more liberal . 
  south and east - in contrast , being under ottoman rule quite a bit , as well as being ignored by the austrian/hungarian goverment the time it was under their rule . 
  less western-like , more traditional . 
  north - hilly , most developed , the most population and is under german influence . 
  south - old greek cities that today live off tourism . 
  besides that small villages in hills/mountains full of bosnian migrants . 
  east - endless plains full of farms , nice people and the best sausages . 
  tend to be traditional without much outer influence . 
  west - coast , tourism , leftist , heavy italian influence , have the least noticable accent outside of big cities . 
  there 's a relatively popular idea we should go full on french style and behead our leaders . 
  unfortunately not gon na happen that soon, 
  they do have loadwords , i only said they do n't have much turkish loanwords, 
  standard croatian is full of turkish loanwords . 
  understandable since the dialect it was based originates from bosnia while it was under ottoman rule . 
  however the kajkavian language ( the original language of the continental croatia ) and the chakavian dialect ( the original dialect/language of the coastal croatia ) have next to none turkish loanwords . 
  the devil 's in the details, 
  according to that data the diffrence in direct funding versus direct payments is 9,483 m $ . 
  considering poland imported goods of value of 194b $ last year , do you think that the the lowered tax due to being in the eu does n't cover that diffrence ? 
  not to mention how much profit there is to the eu from the cheap labor that has became that much cheaper by enetering the eu . 
  keep in mind poland has the biggest budget diffrence among the v4 . 
  do you still think they are freeloaders ? 
  can you source me proof that those countries receive more funding than they pay back and give out through cheap labor and mass importing ? 
  he reffered to gypsies as `` travelers '' . 
  in standard croatian we really do n't have a seperation of them . 
  yeah , that 's the one . 
  it 's quite long ( 5h ) but it teaches you everything you need to know while being mostly unbiased, 
  check out the bbc 's documentary, 
  check out the bbc 's documentary, 
  i was only relaying what i heard from the local roma population here . 
  it probably is n't correct , however this is how a large number of them self-identify, 
  roma are not gypsies . 
  they do n't have the same culture , language or ancestors, 
  in terms of room to run around zagreb is pretty good . 
  lots of big parks and forests , empty fields just 15 min away from the center , etc. 
  how do you think slovenia got impedance from yu ? 
  and no it was n't that 4day war you had, 
  of course it exists : you are free to call yourself the citizen of any country imagined or not . 
  however if you and your buddies want to take public property away from some country you should have the approval of said country, 
  the many examples of it happening throughout history sais otherwise, 
  i think canada accepted the results of the referendum . 
  if the native country recognises the new territory there is no reason for other countries to do the same . 
  however this almost never happens, 
  because if part of the country wants to be separate , the referendum needs to be voted on by the whole country it affects . 
  cracking a joke at the string of recent arrests over insults and/or threats to politicians . 
  most of which were over facebook . 
  i would love to say something but speaking bad about my country or anybody working for it is an offence punished with jail time . 
  especially over internet, 
  dress shirt actually but yeah, 
  the further away you get from bosnia and serbia the richer the area is . 
  the only exceptions are some coastal cities like dubrovnik and split that live off tourism, 
  well most other communist countries were under soviets so that immediately gives slovenia the edge since yugoslavia , while it lasted , was doing quite good . 
  hell most of the older generations were richer then than now . 
  also for most of it 's history slovenia was ruled by austria . 
  that means the importance of education was acknowledged quite early there . 
  add the loans for development they received from austria and the standard of living they enjoyed and there 's no way they became anything other than small austria . 
  i was always leaning towards left . 
  over time i became more and more left to a point it made a full circle and now i 'm leaning towards far-right, 
  there are only 2 party coallitions that ever won or even clame close to winning an election . 
  the one created around sdp and the other one around hdz .
