  around a fourth if not more of our population are bosnians who did n't integrate at all , the influence of american culture has never been bigger , each minorities group is getting their own member in the parliament , etc. 
  croatia is extremely multicultural actually, 
  i could be wrong but was n't usa built on the same 4 cornerstones ? 
  or just 100000 croatian ones according to napoleon, 
  i do n't see why you 're being downvoted , fact is most yugo-nostalgics are elderly people, 
  the name serbo-croatian was used before by some linguists , but grimm is n't one of them . 
  do n't get me wrong he is a great linguist but not an expert in these languages . 
  the whole deal with grimm and our languages went through his friend vuk karad\u017ei\u0107 , a man who claimed serbs built the towers of babylon , destroyed the roman empire under the name of vandals , defeated some chinese dinasty and placed a serbian emperor , etc. 
  i 'm sorry but any study done with that man loses all credibility . 
  giveth *, 
  yeah , it 's obvious you mean bulgarians, 
  but so are some other countries , it 's the same problem a with calling it yugoslavian or south slavic, 
  but there is no danube in bosnia and montenegro, 
  hur durr sharia law, 
  well technically we were n't saving him . 
  portugal got conquered even before ottomans came, 
  those are the ottomans we are talking about . 
  their whole military structure is designed for commander deaths to not slow them down, 
  yeah , i should have left out that joke in the end in a lack of a better term . 
  anyway , recent history ? 
  what makes countries like estonia and albania historically more similar than poland and germany ? 
  in terms of economics i listed you many countries already who are among the best standing countries in europe . 
  yet there are countries like portugal and greece that are doing not so good . 
  easterners are poorer on average , but you ca n't put a border down when it 's only an average . 
  social attitudes ? 
  all the countries i listed plus many more are in the eu , most are in nato , almost all are democracies . 
  what social attitudes are you talking about ? 
  what 's you 're source of austria being `` west '' at the time . 
  what does that even mean to you ? 
  that prehistory was when the east-west split was made . 
  however if you wan na jump time , lets do that . 
  east germany was communist until the 90 's . 
  it was n't in the marshall plan and it was n't west by any definition . 
  does that make it east europe today ? 
  btw , a third of austria was under soviet control , not a `` small section '', 
  oh yeah , chezhia , slovakia , poland , slovenia , east germany , east austria . 
  they are so much diffrent than the `` western '' europe . 
  actually they might be better but that 's just my personal opinion, 
  by whose definition of the iron curtain ? 
  churchill 's definiton counts east austria as behind the curtain , same as east germany . 
  same for the warsaw pact split and the dictatorship split . 
  are you realising now why i said this was your way of spliting europe ? 
  btw earlier you said it does n't matter what side you 're on as long as you 're communist and now you say the reverse ? 
  yes but vienna was under communist rule . 
  would that make it east depite it 's west of the border ? 
  whoa , whoa calm down , what was in your morning coffee ? 
  i asked you 2 simple questions , that 's hardly a debate not to mention an argument . 
  the rulling party was called the communist party why would i try to argue against that ? 
  also if you do n't mind qoute me where i even mentioned croatia please . 
  anyway back to my dumb question . 
  would that make vienna also eastern ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iron_curtain#/media/file:iron_curtain_map.svg and where do countries like switzerland and sweden fall under your split ? 
  and the neutral countries ? 
  i feel offended . 
  i actually do eat my share of american food but holy fuck i would never dare to call that bbq . 
  those coal , strong fire meat burners are really not bbqs, 
  my bad, 
  takes an hour for cops to come here too . 
  i live next to a police station, 
  which neighbour are you talking about ? 
  croatia advanced . 
  croatia sees unity more important than national language croatia stronk edit : for those who missed the joke i was referring to the fact that standard croatian was based on a bosnian dialect instead of a croatian one to help create yugoslavia, 
  your country ? 
  no your culture ? 
  yes, 
   but seriously , things were n't bad for them until tito was gone . 
  you answered your own question , tito is no more and we have noone to replace him, 
  that 's nothing . 
  croatian politicians promise to this day, 
  * cough * ukraine * cough *, 
  and then people ask why many countries do n't want an eu federation ... 
  sure you can , just come visit bosnia . 
  nothing but the burqas have changed, 
  in the pub with the dwarves obviously, 
  `` the best argument against democracy is a 5 minute talk with the average voter . '', 
  - sir winston churchill, 
  there 's my comment right under where i explained what i meant by this . 
  the flooding makes them refuges , their choice to move to europe instead of the mainland makes them immigrants, 
  read the rest of my comment before you reply , thanks, 
  you missed my point . 
  they are running for their life which makes them refuges . 
  does n't matter if the danger is now or in 10 years . 
  it 's their trip to europe instead of to some neighbouring country is what makes them economic immigrants , not their choice to move on it 's own, 
  does n't matter if it 's water or war , if they stayed home they would be dead . 
  that makes them refuges, 
  during the last big wave our police stopped a van full of lebanese guys . 
  when they found out they were in croatia they started crying . 
  i know their pain , sometimes makes me cry too when i remember i 'm still here, 
  sorry i replied to the wrong comment . 
  i 'm a mess today, 
  i was n't talking about just last year . 
  since 2009 the support for eu fell by 35 %, 
  would love that . 
  a more western serbia would be great for both stability in the region as well as economy . 
  whoawhoawhoa what did you drink in morning coffee today ? 
  i do n't remember even mentioning race , how am i a racist ? 
  did i even mention ww2 ? 
  i am in no way denying jasenovac and the rest of the camps , why are you lying ? 
  land grabbing ? 
  not sure what are you talking about , we had a lot of land grabbing in our history .
