  simple enough because they make more money from remodelling it to their audience, 
  considering i never saw any good adaptation from hollywood in general , i would say any, 
   they can just release them dubbed or with subtitles you would be surprised how many native english speakers ca n't watch a movie and read subtitles at the same time, 
  i do n't know why you 're downvoted , you 're right . 
  you already know english which is very connected to dutch . 
  learning dutch would be easier for you than him to learn serbian, 
  b * itch please you 're not in even in the top 20 hardest languages to learn . 
  ^ ^ ^ those ^ ^ ^ lists ^ ^ ^ are ^ ^ ^ totally ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ super ^ ^ ^ subjective, 
  \\ #bringaustrohungariaback, 
  when you increase security you lower usability . 
  luckily these laws seem to come pf quite cheap im that regard, 
  it makes it harder to get guns , but not impossible . 
  someone that uses guns for his job , like a hunter for example should still he able to aquire a hunting rifle easily, 
  theaters and historical reenactments use real guns there ?? 
  anyway the are far less gun collectors than criminals so the laws make sense, 
  here in croatia we do n't have the separation of church and the state . 
  the current leading party is the ultra nationalistic , quite religious hdz in coalition with less nationalistic but ultra religious most . 
  christianity is the official religion of the state and it is shown in many aspects governing and everyday life . 
  for example the oath the president has to take at the begging of his mandate ends with a thanks to god . 
  the main problem with that kind of parties are n't it 's politicians , it 's the different association they fund and support . 
  for example the za obitelj ( for the family ) association that is pushing the typical ultra christian propaganda . 
  for example there was a referendum recently that banned gay marriages and placed the ban right in the constitution . 
  also they are currently trying to ban abortions , expand church property , make christian studies mandatory , increase the current amount of tax we pay to vatican ( the church ) etc. 
  you can have a big ranch with farm animals and some fields and still have a 20min drive/bike ride to the center of a city with almost a million inhabitants, 
  croatian has an extremely fixed pronunciation as well . 
  hell even serbian that has the read as you write rule and still honor people 's wishes . 
  it 's not a language thing it 's a culture thing, 
  well that 's how it is in croatia if you wan na put it that way, 
  i 'm not saying how it is , i 'm saying how it should be, 
  it is their last name , they choose how they want it to be pronounced, 
  a skylark - \u0161eva - slang word for sex eurasian skylark - poljska \u0161eva - field fuck, 
  there are no sikhs here so no . 
  not to mention people do n't even know their own religion, 
  everything west and/or north of us, 
  ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) so not editing that btw, 
  people are downloading you because usa is n't in an unprovoked war . 
  not to mention that europe was a battlefield throughout it 's history ( and there 's a war in it currently ) so by your logic it should have a much bigger military cult . 
  the real reason why america has such a big cult is because wars they fight are n't on their own soil . 
  an average american has forgotten how war really is and no i 'm not talking about your standard war is bad attitude, 
  never spent much time there , i guess it makes sense, 
   in germany , the `` i come in peace '' word is kollega , which is a version of colleague ( `` kollege '' in proper german ) i 'm pretty sure that came from bosnian/croatian immigrants . 
  the capital of course liberal politics are n't really popular currently but the capital is the most liberal, 
  it 's okay , only our pride is hurt and we have noone to blame but ourselves, 
   handball : i guess scandinavian countries in general . 
  i know french team is really good in handball , and often won the world cup . 
  but i do n't know which country will be their main rival ... that moment when your biggest rival does n't even see you as a rival, 
  * starts to claim some obviously hungarian city *, 
  while visiting italy i seen they are actually great drivers . 
  i mean yeah they do n't follow the traffic laws much but they have an amazing intuition for driving, 
  that we do n't get along with our neighbours . 
  i mean except serbs and croats , they 're natural enemies ... just like croats and slovenes , bosnians and croats . 
  or italians and croats . 
  or , croats and croats . 
  damn croats , they ruined croatia !, 
  the only outrageous thing here are the prices . 
  i was tired when i wrote this , really do n't know why i used the croat version of the name, 
  frankish kings croatian trpimirovi\u0107 's hungarians , mostly arpadovi\u0107s luxembourgs sigismund ( only one of his family , but i mention him because he left such an impact ) swiss habsburgs serbian kara\u0111or\u0111evi\u0107s italian aimone , duke of spoleto, 
  i did visit almost all of it but that is n't much of an accomplishment considering it 's size, 
  there are people who want standard croatian to be based on croatian dialects and not completely on \u0160tokavian . 
  they are still a minority doe . 
  the most known is the group kajkavian renesanse , one of the main actors responsible of making kaikavian a official language . 
  the fact is at the time , basing it on \u0160tokavian was the right move due to political reasons . 
  now it would be more beneficial to base it on kajkavian and \u010cakavian politically but the cost of doing that and changing what has been accepted as the standard language for centuries is far too much of a bother . 
  to add up on this : standard croatian has currently 3 major dialects . 
  kajkavian , \u010cakavian and \u0160tokavian . 
  \u0160tokavian originates from bosnia and it 's the dialect that croatian is built on . 
  kajkavian and \u010cakavian originate from croatia and as such are very different from the \u0160tokavian . 
  the border of the west and east between croatia and bosnia really helped that difference . 
  furthermore kajkavian and \u010cakavian are fairly different to the point that normal communication between those 2 would be next to impossible without hands and feet . 
  the 2 regions from where those dialects come from have been separated for most of history and the foreign influences on language really affected those dialects ( italian for \u010cakavian and german/hungarian for kaikavian ), 
   i find it odd that in europe , cousin marriage is [ legal in most countries ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/02/cousinmarriageworld.svg/1280px-cousinmarriageworld.svg.png ) , whilst america is more restrictive , and maybe in a bit of odd way - [ in texas out of all states it 's a criminal offense , but in california ( which on the other hand is more restrictive on other issues ) , new york and new jersey , it 's perfectly legal ( go figure ) . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0b/cousin_marriage_map1.svg ) it 's far more popular in texas so they had to make a law about it . 
  it 's much rarer in california and europe so in general people think of it as common sense and a law about it would be almost useless, 
  cigan , means gypsy . 
  considering that welfare is horrible only them can accept such bad living conditions, 
  so you 're saying there 's a chance ? 
  celebrating their heritage , which is a thing in the us , but frowned upon in europe ) . 
  balkans say hi, 
  no , especially because we were neutral during the last one so it did n't have much of an impact on us, 
  my country is n't secular so yeah , it 's harder to find a party that is n't religious than one that is . 
  also many formal oaths , for example the oath the president has to take have religious stuff in them . 
  of course , everything is much cheaper here, 
   in the uk , this is defined as having a household income of 60 % or less of the median household income , which works out at # 284 ( $ 329 , $ 349 ) per household per week . 
  that 's still quite over the minimum wage here xd, 
  bosnians - they are really looking out for their own , more than any other nation . 
  good people doe sometimes a bit too traditional . 
  albanians - they just want their own ice-cream stand god dammit , let them be . 
  joke aside i do n't really have anything bad to say about them honestly . 
  tatars - considering i had to google them , no opinion, 
  our politician ivan pernar agreed to do an ama on / r/croatia . 
  he got annoyed because he could n't delete the questions he did n't like . 
  left without awnsering a single question and later said that this site is bullshit, 
  milk or beer , depending on the meal and mood, 
  true enough xd it 's a little funny to hear someone uses tap water while brushing their teeth , but refuses to drink it, 
  i spend my summers near zadar . 
  maybe they are from the inland part behind the city , there is n't much water there . 
  in short never heard of anyone here not drinking tap water but i guess some less populated places do n't, 
  yeah , the main reason why so many of us move to your country, 
  that 's interesting , is your family from some island ? 
  finding out that a bunch of our politicians copied their final project and having no repercussions .
