  the schoolbooks are written by the church and as such contain stuff like atheists are satanists , kids please do n't do magic and etc. 
  luckily in highschool it 's not so easy to affect the students with that propaganda so there are ethics classes at the same time as christianity classes for students who do n't go to them . 
  also did n't hear much about bullying in the period of education but i would like to mention repeated statements from the zagreb 's archbishop scaring students by saying they will go to hell/not have a church wedding if they go to ethics, 
  just fucking great, 
  croatian : \u010c , \u0107 , \u017e , \u0111 , \u0161 . 
  also nj , lj and d\u017e are one letters . 
  kajkavian : same except no \u0107 or d\u017e, 
  ooooh you meant it like that , yeah true, 
  it works quite well and as long as used in small amounts and only when needed ( for example when because of cramps the baby ca n't sleep for an extended time ) it 's much healthier than giving it pills or something, 
  dubrovnik is much older ( twice if not more ) than shtokavian, 
  pig fat on bread , people used to live on that, 
  chakavian is the original dialect in dubrovnik . 
  at the time of the creation of standard croatian , shtokavian was very popular like in all big cities but due to closeness of bosnia it was especially popular, 
  posavina and moslavina are strictly kajkavian parts what do they have with \u0160tokavian ? 
  when i could n't sleep for a longer time, 
  drinking here and there 13 regularly drinking 16 first tried 0 ( my parents would sometimes put me down to sleep by dripping some rakija on the cloth and putting it on my mouth ), 
   * do kids/parents in less developed areas actively seek better educational resources in big cities/richer areas ? 
  ( this may apply more often but not limited to eastern europe ) to the extent of spending a fortune ? 
  true , the capital is the center of everything , there are very few schools outside of ir that can compete  * suppose i 'm not very financially convenient ( money changes everything , after all ) , as an european , is it easy to get the opportunity in another european country ? 
  i know about erasmus but i think it 's quite limited . 
  there 's also the problem of language , which i think will bar people from getting a better chance , is it true ? 
  it 's quite easy if you 're in the eu . 
  the language is n't a problem because a large majority of young people speak english or german besides their native language . 
   * as for western europe where world-class institutions situated , are there many who welcome the idea of studying abroad ? 
  what are some of the main destinations other than the us ? 
  china , taiwan and japan are relatively popular, 
  also big part of the balkans are still in recession while the ones that are n't anymore , for example croatia , are still miles away from the pre 2008 growth, 
  the reason why there are so many illegal guns from yugoslavia is because they were legal at one point , but because of the lack of strict laws now they are out there on the streets, 
  it 's gon na take a lot of hard liquor to make me sing any of those xd btw remembered i forgot to link you / r/spisak the official croatian swears subreddit, 
  8/10 needs more hard liquor, 
  yeah figured after posting , edited my last comment, 
  oh in that case kurva razvaljena , jebena majka ti u pi\u010dku however that is n't imperative . 
  in imperative it would be jebi si majku u pi\u010dku, 
  in croatian specifically , it 's kurva razvaljena , jebem majku ti u pi\u010dku saying it fast enough noone will notice the difference, 
  more or less yes . 
  when written down it does n't work that well but it 's always pronounced the same . 
  bonus points if you say it fast, 
  not usually . 
  the standard format is something something something something f your mother in the something something, 
  ohhhh ok makes sense , lucky enough we are n't a major country xd, 
  dialects are different than languages but yes so can we and any other nation . 
  however i was n't talking about swearing in general , i was talking about blasphemy swears . 
  swears in general it would be 20 + languages considering there are some swears that are the same in pretty much all slavic languages, 
  they are the second most used type of swears here , right behind your mother swears . 
  accidentaly the combination of two : `` may god f your mother '' is one of the most used swears . 
  also we are far superior because an average croatian regurally does it in 6 langauages ( true fact ), 
  to hungary i would suggest to completely annex us . 
  with serbia i would suggest we each pick one side of the globe and stay on it . 
  maybe that 's the key to finally achieving world peace, 
  i for one accept our new/old australian overlords, 
  dark and/or nationalistic humor, 
  nope . 
  it 's hard to find a normal sentence that 's the same in the 3 standards . 
  on the other hand , learning someone 's religion is much harder to find out, 
  13 years already , time flies, 
  at least here people in the big tourists cities on the coast go on the countryside , usually some a bit more further in the continent . 
  albanians own bakeries and ice-cream shops . 
  bosnians run the government . 
  serbians run away, 
  proclaiming `` za dom spremni '' - for our homeland it was a salute used by the croatian nazists in the ww2, 
  zr\u0107e just a typical beach party place with superbly overpriced booze and overrated dj 's . 
  oh and ultra europe, 
  does n't / r/france or something exist ? 
  yeah ... real fight starter, 
  first comment here that actually could start a fight, 
  it had an open border policy way back from 67 ' , people were normally going in and out . 
  the merchandise is what was blocked . 
  the communist part is quite debatable . 
  yeah , they started a ghetto in our capital, 
  does yugoslavia fall under the eastern bloc doe ? 
  it was neutral in the cold war, 
  it 's debatable if slovenia falls into this category, 
  universal opinions usually tend to translate into laws i still do n't get your logic doe, 
  this is the same thing that 's happening with modern feminism and radical islam . 
  by definition nationalism is n't that but radical version of it is the first thing people think when someone sais nationalism . 
  your first comment  it should be actively fought in civilised societies i do n't follow your logic . 
  there have been wars about the acceptance of american culture , should i look out for people with american band shirts ? 
  i am strongly in favour of true globalisation as an end goal . 
  unfortunately that 's is n't possible at the moment but humanity is going towards it . 
  united we are stronger . 
  people have been obeying that truth since the ancient times . 
  the first communites were families , soon we expanded to villages and towns , tribes and later on , nations . 
  throughout history people have been uniting more and more and i think the trend will continue . 
  currently we are in the age of nationalism transforming into regionalism , with globalism behind the corner . 
  i 'm in favour of regionalism as the next big step in society ( in europe 's case that would be true uniting of the european union ) but that is n't possible at the moment . 
  until the time comes when the west and the east accept each other 's differences , no true union can be accomplished . 
  without that possibility , nationalism is the best current option we have and rejecting it before creating a new system is road straight back to the middle ages, 
  people started wars about religion , should having religious simbols at home be banned ? 
  it completely changed it to a point standard croatian , the one in textbooks is n't anymore used even in the parliament . 
  however it was to be excepted since croatia is such an extreme case when it comes to a number of immigrants taken in, 
  the turkish cemetery is actually originally from bosnia . 
  it 's a tradition there `` prekri\u017eiti se '' , vocally too when you pass by a cemetery . 
  the exception are muslim cemeteries for obvious reasons and as such people just silently pass by them, 
  hahahahahhahahahaha oh god this is just beautiful . 
  british and american xd they are two language standards of the same dialect , everyone and their mother knows that . 
  suggest you read up a bit , noone is denying that fact , there are other reasons why serbo-croatian does n't exist anymore . 
  find in comments : croatia * no results * ah yes the balance is maintained, 
  huh ? 
  besides that we also learn in short about its ancient history and the history of buddhism and hinduism, 
  all the crap going on is what makes me laugh honestly .
