  in the schools i 've been to and the schools my closer friends been to , there was quite a few issues for people who did n't go to those religion studies . 
  schools not preparing spaces for the non-religion students to be while the class is going , bullying by both the teacher and other students that was caused by their parents opinions , etc. 
  like i said i only have a small sample size and it 's nothing horrifying but it is quite unpleasant  catholic church does have the best infrastructure though . 
  but to say other groups are n't allowed is wrong . 
  jehowa 's witnesses , mormons , hare krishna , whatnot , you can see them daily on the street . 
  same thing as the first reply , really should n't have done that joke sorry . 
  doe there is still many social stigma and cases of people getting beaten up for it exist , a large majority should n't have problems . 
  in croatia there is freedom of religion - as long as that religion is christianity . 
  that 's the problem with countries not being secular, 
  pffft you 're missing out, 
  calm down dude , holy damn . 
  someone mentions your language and you start insluting people ? 
  i suggest getting some help for those anger issues, 
  so jumpy as soon as i mention it xd i meant what i said, 
  they have their own language codes , croatian is one of the official languages of the eu ( separately from bosnian ) , they have international recognition and they each are the official languages of the respective countries . 
  as things stand for now they both are more of a language than catalan for example . 
  idk for how long doe , there have been some movements brewing lately , trying to combine them, 
  that 's actually surprisingly true . 
  dangit now i 'll have to make the sub, 
  i completely agree with you , they should be classified as dialects of serbo-croatian . 
  unfortunately for now they are classified as separate languages and calling then anything other is wrong , at least officially, 
  exactly , i 'm still confused . 
  outside of sports and maybe economical state ( like the dutch and finland ) i do n't see how a country can have rivals, 
  it is vice versa . 
  hey i think we 're onto something here . 
  what if our rivalries started exactly because we like each others women so much ? 
  [ i 'm just gon na leave this here and go to bed ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=are+croatian+and+bosnian+languages ), 
  croatian and bosnian are different languages ... . 
  sorry , my bad . 
  though you meant very similar , i guess i should n't post while being so tired, 
  that 's what i thought too growing up here . 
  now i know we 're not any more nationalistic than the rest of the europeans . 
  i 'm a croatian , hating italians is my hobby also put some parmesan on your goddamn pasta, 
  croatian , bosnian , serbian pretty much any sentence . 
  english : where can i buy it ? 
  size 40 please, 
  now 's a really bad time to admit i hate the cold , is n't it ? 
  also attacking other european countries, 
  i already said ex-yu , thought it was implied, 
  ex-yu version : the policeman is croatian , the lover is serbian , the cook is bosnian , the engineer is slovene and it 's all organised by tito, 
  i would take a swedish cook over italian any day of the week . 
  been to italy and really hated the food there , all while ikea meatballs have always been heavenly, 
  zagreb has nothing you 're looking for except it being a regional center , not recommending it, 
  school starts 7:30 so no way i can eat anything that early . 
  meaning nothing, 
  3 . all the remaining croats moving out/dying of old age, 
  a large portion of the native food here is some kind of fast food checkmate :p, 
  it 's normal . 
  a while back when croatian nationalism started , the government decided they wan na gain independence through uniting with other south slavs . 
  as a good away to do that a new standard language based on a bosnian dialect was made official . 
  all other dialects have been proclaimed dialects of that new language and banned from schools and public institutions . 
  here we are now hundreds of years later with our dialects almost extinct and most of the population today think that only uncivilised rednecks speed regional speeches . 
  the only accent that is noticeably unique is the accent of the people born near the coast . 
  they have a habit of lengthening most words, 
  actually there have been many recorded cases of exactly that : people from southern countries moving up north and gaining clinical depression just because of the weather . 
  the sun has an incredibly large impact on the human mind and rapid changes can cause many issues . 
  there are but it 's still too much for me . 
  the place i am has almost double the sunshine hours a year . 
  england - too much rain scandinavia - i hate the cold italia - our natural enemies anything more eastern or southern than croatia - obvious reasons, 
  exactly . 
  i do n't approve of either but that 's what 's happening, 
  that 's why i said * mostly * serbian organisation . 
  nationalistic bosnian-serbs identify themselves as serbs btw, 
  we have different bags for everything but it all gets dumped on the same landfill so why bother, 
  i live near the capital 's airport so i see our 2 left mig 's flying now and then but besides that nothing, 
  * cough * anschluss * cough *, 
  what does croatia have to do with anything ? 
  the ones here actually stay in their own little ghettos . 
  completely agree with everything except the un part . 
  the un had it 's chance with this region and everybody knows how that ended, 
  gon na answer for more countries at once : anything eastern from austria and germany not counting the scandinavians : a heavy stereotypical russian accent, 
  companies must have legal softvere , while private use the only legal softvere people have is the one that was gifted to them . 
  digital markets avoiding us really do n't help . 
  i mean seriously , we are an eu country and by availability of services i feel like i live in africa . 
  you ca n't really blame someone for pirating if they ca n't buy it even if they wanted to, 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  n ireland is still in the uk ... 
  she was , gj ^ ^, 
  do n't be so hard on yourself , you know much about what is in the end just one more mini-country . 
  the two things you `` missed '' you did n't much . 
  srebrenica is in bosnia but the genocide was done by serbs . 
  the duke was killed in bosnia but by a mainly serbian organisation, 
  * whistles *, 
   i did n't even think of ban josip jelacic let me guess , you pass by his square everyday xd, 
  gon na piggyback on your post so the croat ones are in the same place . 
  best : [ josip jela\u010di\u0107 ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/josip_jela%c4%8di%c4%87 ) worst : [ franjo tu\u0111man ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/franjo_tu%c4%91man ) i mean the worst is obviously ante paveli\u0107 but not gon na count him because he was n't `` our '' leader, 
  the people wanted an unified federation with the states on equal terms to each other . 
  through killing all those who oppose him he did a good job of maintaining that utopian dream . 
  the 90 's just showed exactly how much that dream is impossible without him in charge . 
  he 's positive for what he did for yugoslavia and negative for his `` state enemies '' policies, 
  no , this way we teach the children from an early age that there is no victory in life , only misery, 
  same in croatia . 
  only the eggs that cracked can be eaten , leaving the winner well eggless, 
  same for croatia, 
  the goddamn slovenes . 
  like we spend all day laughing at all our neighbours and how much more advanced we are and then there 's a pea size country right next to us beating eu averages in everything . 
  stop making us look bad, 
  in case the votes have n't been tempered the voting is invalid, 
  zagreb - only a thousand years , practically a baby there were neolithic remains found , as well as roman settlements but those were n't cities, 
  well the bosnians but they are n't really a minority anymore,
