  as a croat who spent half his life watching in amazement german tourists on the beach , i can confirm you were n't joking, 
  there are subjects you can fail and still graduate ? 
  that 's slovenes . 
  ever since they started doing trouble in the eu , even in croatia it 's becoming popular to call them alpine serbs sorry , not sorry, 
  / r/uk and / r/unitedkingdom are n't working ? 
  it 's enough every other post is about their damn elections, 
  that christians in bosnia are croats . 
  300 years ago ? 
  maybe . 
  today ? 
  hardly, 
  besides ww2 , not really, 
  yeah the serbs always mistake us for west serbs :p, 
  it 's not really representative of any countries society, 
  i used it as an example becuase everyone knows them . 
  there are n't many european chains known that much . 
  at least the ones i know off, 
  the european culture is n't at a risk of disappearing , but it is changing . 
  in my opinion not in the right direction . 
  aging of the population is a big threat , but there are more threats than that . 
  `` radical '' multiculturalism is on the rise . 
  the world has never been smaller : enough wealth for an everyday joe to visit other countries , the internet , even the tv . 
  exchanges of culture are bound to happen , the problem is that people do n't understand the goods that they are trading . 
  go in the streets and ask people to define culture . 
  not many will know . 
  ask them what multiculturalism means . 
  most will think that 's it 's when you have taco bell , papa john 's and a chinese restaurant in one street . 
  furthermore education changed as everything nowadays it 's more global than ever . 
  in the past culture was thought by parents and elders . 
  nowadays parents spend less time with their kids than ever and it 's the job of education to make it up to the kids , at least in regards of culture . 
  education is trying to do that , but the current trend is to teach the kids to be citizens of the world . 
  on its own that 's great , problem is that culture is very unified , it 's unlimited , it 's subjective . 
  you ca n't write an objective schoolbook about it leaving everything to the teachers to cherrypick the very best of culture , now on a global scale , for their students . 
  people are trying to revive old traditions but are forgetting the culture ( the values ) that made those traditions, 
  thanks for the heads up, 
  split - grad slu\u010daj ( a case city ) zagreb - bandi\u0107ville ( named after milan bandi\u0107 , its long time mayor ) vukovar - grad mu\u010denik ( a martyr city , called because of heavy casualties in the homeland war ) dubrovnik - grad ( the city , used only by locals ), 
  yes . 
  also during fasts no meat is served in shops except in american and albanian ones, 
  ireland . 
  half our population is already there . 
  we unite and just conquer everything between us . 
  we 'll make a new capital in the ruins of berlin, 
  worth saying that the croatian flag has the banners of all individual regions in croatia on it , so technically they were wearing their regions flag as well, 
  if he runs for president ? 
  i doubt it . 
  we are way too conservative, 
  they do too much . 
  the last time the government fell and there was no parliament for a few months croatia had its biggest gdp growth in the last 5 years, 
  they do too much . 
  the last time the government fell and there was no parliament for a few months croatia had its biggest gdp growth in the last 5 years, 
  that 's nothing . 
  we call germany njema\u010dka ( nijemci - mutes ) i wonder how they feel, 
  wikipedija, 
  yeah but balkan beer ca n't hold a candle to chezh one . 
  if this popoulation drop goes on , croatia wo n't exist anymore by the end . 
  that we 're literally worse than hitler . 
  and yes i really meant literally, 
  he was talking about stereotypes , not the truth, 
  kosovo and cyprus will reunite ? 
   the majority of people do n't have a problem with immigration , or immigrants for that matter . 
  those that do have problems with immigration are often just a very vocal minority . 
  no actually , most do . 
  thing is people have problems with uncontrolled immigration , not immigration as a whole . 
  people have been emigrating in europe since forever , the problem people have is with these new waves of immigrants . 
  thousands of people without papers or will to acquire them just running over the border . 
  what people want is regulation , the same regulation i would have to pass if i wanted to move to some other country, 
  i mean of course we care about our countryman and companies there , but no one gives a damn will this or that rebel group win . 
  meddling with other countries problems just to get personal profit from it is more usa 's / britain 's thing smaller nato countries would agree , larger powers not necessarily . 
  in regards of the actual people , i think most do n't care . 
  of course everyone wants the killing to stop but besides that people do n't really care about some internal conflicts half a world away, 
  my country does n't care about syria enough to have a stance and i do n't see why should it . 
  this quiz does n't make any sense . 
  why does me thinking culture is important equal to me not being progressive ? 
  and why does me wishing well for my country make me wish worse for other countries ? 
  no we do n't feel any resentment simply because that 's how it was always been . 
  you grow up thinking it 's normal . 
  now it 's english and american `` culture '' ( it 's insult to call that culture but ok ) , before that it was german and the austrian culture and before that latin and the frankish culture . 
  small countries ca n't escape this and as such accepted it . 
  also i would like to mention that croatia is a special case when it comes to foreign language influence . 
  first of all , we did n't get our independence until 26 years ago , so official languages until then were always foreign of who ever ruled us . 
  besides that 150 years ago our politicians decided to sacrifice croatian languages bringing them to the brink of extention today . 
  the basis for the standard croatian today is a bosnian dialect , it was done to help create yugoslavia and create unity with countries in it . 
  we are currently trying to unite with ireland . 
  half of our population is already there why ? 
  just to mess with people ^ ^ ^ also ^ ^ ^ secret ^ ^ ^ preparations ^ ^ ^ for ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ new ^ ^ ^ crusades, 
  the city is beautiful but we love to make fun of people living in it, 
  vlachs , vlahs , vlasi , etc. 
  in each language mark a different group of people . 
  our costal area uses it to mark rednecks living in the mountains behind the big coastal cities, 
  vlahs not vlachs , dangit, 
  the whole homeland war, 
  i was talking about us croats encountering them . 
  which we never did oh and fun fact : there is an old legend in which fairies built the arena literally over night, 
  well the city itself is amazing , the vlahs on the other hand, 
  considering we never met the romans not too much, 
  poor - anything not zagreb or on the coast trashy - split, 
  the ultra-catholics assemble, 
  completely free through kodi . 
  it 's not illegal here yet, 
  from quite a few countries .
