  sdp ( social-democratic party ) is more popular among younger/liberal people , while hdz ( croatian democratic union ) one is more nationalistic/christan . 
  most of the voters are only voting for one of them so the other one does n't win, 
  [ tmk-201 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tmk_201 ) and the [ tmk-2200 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crotram#tmk_2200 ), 
  my dads side of the family : 17th century . 
  i 'm not a from a noble family but luckily there was an army tradition in the family so i managed to trace my family tree through military records . 
  funny thing is my grandfather was the one that finally moved away from the village our last name originates from . 
  that 's 300 years of generations not leaving that one small village . 
  my moms side family i only traced back to the start of the 20th century . 
  both families are croatian but many people moved to other countries over the years, 
  croatia is pretty warm that part of the year . 
  especially the coastal part . 
  if you 're looking for specifics , check out the tourist thread on / r/croatia, 
  a country of a few million , having less that a 100k during wartime is nothing . 
  there were far many more people in partizans, 
  again , where did you get they were highly supported ? 
  usta\u0161e were n't elected in croatia , italy with the support of germany placed them in power after yugoslavia got conquered, 
  of course , the king has never even been to croatia . 
  ante paveli\u0107 is who i meant by `` prime minister '' . 
  ante was never a croat . 
  your link sais usta\u0161e built camps - a fascist organisation created in italia under mussolini , run by a non-croat . 
  where did you get croats built them ? 
  yeah people were very supportive , that 's why usta\u0161e killed so many croats and that 's excatly why we created the anti-fascist army that liberated balkans from them and destroyed ndh ... 
  croatia was not an axis state . 
  ndh was . 
  in the first line of the croatian constitution it sais modern croatia is an inheritor of yugoslavia , not ndh . 
  ndh was split between italy and germany , the king was an italian , the `` prime minister '' was an italian born in bosnia . 
  both of them were placed in power by force despite the croatians voting for someone else . 
  the concentration camps were run mostly by germans and partially by italians . 
  in them died thousands of serbs , gypsies , jews and croats . 
  see why i compared it to `` polish concentration camps '' ? 
  people not realising yugoslavia ( and croatia in it ) were on the side of allies in ww2 also `` croatian concentration camps '' . 
  just please do n't , same applies for `` polish '' ones, 
  gardaland wants a word with you, 
  inb4 yugoslavia comments, 
  never outside of tv, 
  well our constitution was written primarily by [ vladimir \u0160eks ] ( http://www.h-alter.org/img/repository/2012/10/default/seks.jpg ) , a gentleman known here as a patron saint of all drunks . 
  to make it even better there have been some rumors going around saying the constitution was still being worked on while it was on it 's way to the parliament to be presented . 
  in short it turned out quite good considering how it could have been, 
  the usual border at the north-west part of balkans is the sava river . 
  in case of slovenia it splits you in about half . 
  however a large majority of the population live on the balkan side of it . 
  that means you 're not geographically a 100 % balkan country , just like romania and us , but makes you at least 50 % balkan ( that 's without the population spread ) . 
  culutrually , politically and etc. 
  the border is set diffrently, 
  i do n't know what books you 're talking about ( hopefully not schoolbooks ) but i was referring to encyclop\u00e6dia britannica and the eu 's definition, 
   slovenia : central  balkan : balkan peninsula . 
  does not compute, 
  not officially . 
  let 's face it , slovenia the last few years has been acting more balkan than the rest of it together, 
  better start getting used to 3.5 mil soon, 
  nope . 
  for all our chili needs we have the hungarian cuisine, 
  * brings the war air mattresses *, 
  for the people confused on why it 's so `` randomly '' spread out : the kajkavian and chakavian are the original dialects/languages of the croats . 
  shtokavian originated in bosnia and spread in croatia through immigration . 
  that 's why shtokavian follows the bosnian border as well as some bigger , more northern cities, 
  serbia, 
  not to mention they are currently about the third of population of croatia, 
  anything insulting towards a politician of the leading party or the church , including facebook posts , according to the arrests last week . 
  to be fair they were all minimal jail sentences but still, 
  the little of italian influence , mixed with a small population of bosnians ruining the average accent of an area , it 's as beautiful as this not so beautiful language gets, 
  someone obviusly did n't learn much besides english ... 
  the scripts are the easiest parts of learning a new language , only 30-ish symbols to learn, 
  if you ignore serbian tabloids things are going great . 
  we are each others biggest import/export partners , the old spiteful generations are dying , foreign powers do n't interfere as much , etc. 
  considering croatian is one of the hardest languages to learn , i get it . 
  also native language and offical language is n't the same here . 
  the native languages are kajkavian and chakavian while the offical language is based on shtokavian, 
  and where excatly did i say `` we had nothing to do with it , they forced it upon us '' ? 
  told you you should have read my comment the term was actually used by some linguists before yugoslavia , it just became offical then . 
  i love how you did n't even read my comment . 
  serbo-croatian is the offical name of the language , why would n't tito ( at least i think you 're talking about him ) use it ? 
  bog i hrvati - god and croats , usually used as a meme za dom !, 
  - for our homeland ! , a salute nazis in croatia used during ww2 , nationalists love using it these days, 
  i do n't quite follow . 
  what conspiracy ? 
  serbo-croatian is the official name , why would n't linguists talk about it ? 
  all 4 languages are based on the same shtokavian dialect . 
  as such they are similar enough to be able to understand each other but a bit more different than american to english to australian ( not by much doe ) . 
  they all fall under the serbo-croatian language group which contains these shtokavian languages . 
  there has been an ongoing dispute about the name of that language group . 
  for one people mind serbia being first listed even though it 's alphabetically last . 
  also it 's weird bosnia and montenegro are n't listed . 
  to top it all off , serbo-croatian was the name of the language serbs used to push their agenda about all south slavs actually being serbs so it 's very weird to name the language group like that , kinda still pushing the agenda . 
  ca n't we just call it shtokavian languages and everybody goes home happy ? 
   why do all those countries hate each other ? 
  you 're about 25 years late with that stereotype, 
  i used to be really into mbti ... . and chill, 
  we do have a ministry and a bunch of organisations , academies , etc. 
  none of them are really doing their job . 
  however we have quite a few anti-culture organisations , for example we have zamp which is a government organisation which enforces tax on singing old folk songs that do n't even have an author known, 
  our politicians bash each other in front of the cameras and are major economy partners when not . 
  as in for the people , people actually get along quite well , better than how we get along with non-ex-yu countries . 
  it 's quite simple actually , older generations remember that just a few years before the war , everyone was still super friendly , we really were one country . 
  the nostalgia really helps with relations . 
  on the other hand young people never saw the war , we only see some neighbouring countries with similar language and culture , especially the food and rakija and parts . 
  of course there are still crazy nationalists but not counting the politics we get along much better than other european historical rivals, 
  the term `` 90 's club hits '' has a completely different meaning in countries that were at war in the 90 's, 
  looking at croatia and bosnia and then serbia , things are very different . 
  we are super catholic , super west , super touristy ( i mean the effect on people 's behaviour ) .
