  some politician stole half a million kunas and was proven guilty . 
  he was released later that day because of `` a lack of threat to repeat the offence '' . 
  oh and our government proclaimed it would ban abortions and stop defending lgbt people . 
  this was just the top news of the last 2-3 days, 
  tap water here is healthier than bottled . 
  we get it from surrounding rivers and lakes, 
   i 'm british , so i 'm probably more patriotic than most people on this sub i can already hear the ex-yu 's laughing in the background, 
  moscow, 
  my village -  my region -  my country -  europe, 
  do you know how to differentiate between slovenian and croatian camp sites ? 
  slovenians are more spread out while croatian camps are more concentrated . 
  ^ ^ ^ concentration ^ ^ ^ camps ^ ^ ^ hehe, 
  there is a good reason why my language was among the top 3 hardest to learn in some recent study . 
  i never heard a foreign speak it fluently tbh usually it 's about the pronunciation , wrong emphasis to be more precise, 
  i would say he 's neutral here . 
  fought a bunch of wars which obviously is n't good but made quite a few reforms which were mostly good, 
  i just love the amount of non-native languages mentioned here , very amusing, 
  this is n't a funny pronunciation but is a quite amusing aspect of the language : it 's based on \u0160tokavian , a dialect that actually does n't originate from croatia . 
  also kinda funny is that neither of the original croatian dialects got really included in it . 
  all that i trusted let me down one way or an another . 
  the most trustworthy is actually scrolling through my countries subreddit . 
  it 's 4 $ a liter here , match that, 
  also it 's surprisingly good . 
  still tastes like drinking petrol but for that price i thought it would taste much worse . 
  rugvi\u010danin - village level dugo selac - post code level zagrep\u010danin - county level hrvat - country level europljanin - continent level, 
  starts : 7:30 class length : 45min breaks : 5min , one 20min lunch break classss a week : 38, 
  booze is available at all stores , caffes and concerts . 
  if the place even has happy hours they are regulated by the bar ( or whatever ) themselves . 
  it 's advertised the same way you would advertise any other drink doe i guess with a bit more humor . 
  18 to buy alcohol by law but for example , in the capital about half of the shops/bars do n't follow that rule , in small villages almost noone . 
  public drinking is allowed and there 's even this grass area with statues in the center of the capital that punkers , metalheads and potheads love to have picnics on, 
  songs on english or in general ? 
  maybe to you . 
  to me both do n't make any sense, 
  ice in strong liquors ? 
  _ grabs torch and pitchfork _, 
  well true but i already see it ending with us arguing there 's a billion of us living around the world or smth, 
  yeah we have n't had an offical population census since it happened yet . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.slobodnadalmacija.hr/novosti/hrvatska/clanak/id/468507/zbog-iseljavanja-i-malog-broja-djece-u-hrvatskoj-ce-2031-zivjeti-nevjerojtno-malo-ljudi-za-promjene-imamo-jos-pet-godina-ili-cemo-u-mirovinu-ici-tek-u-69-oj ) the updated version of that article if it helps . 
  doe it 's not bad as it sounds . 
  most of those people just moved, 
  3.9 and it just keeps getting lower, 
  least : i would guess the seventies but i 'm too young to really judge . 
  most : it would be the forties . 
  the world war 2 , getting our independence ( even doe it was fake ) , seeing that country we got turn fascist , it was a very bad decade for us but very eventful the post 2010 has been quite boring for now . 
  i guess the biggest event was us recently falling under 4 million population, 
  right/left wing does n't really work anywhere besides the us . 
  i guess something that could kinda count as right wing would be hdz and most , the current leading parties . 
  they are very christian and nationalistic , that 's what keeps them so popular, 
  you 'd be surprised, 
  schools here used to teach real life skills but not anymore unfortunately, 
  damm i 've been living in romania my whole life without even knowing, 
  filth, 
  what legal system ? 
  all the regional dialects here have been summed up in 3 major dialects : \u0160tokavian , kajkavian and \u010cakavian . 
  \u0160tokavian does n't originate from croatia but it is the dialect on which the croatian language is based on . 
  \u010cakavian is originally croatian , spoken mostly by people in the coastal area . 
  kajkavian has the same history as \u010cakavian but it 's spoken mostly by the people in the mainland . 
  it has actually became it 's own language recently . 
  people speaking pure dialects would n't understand each other . 
  they will get a word here or there but not enough for decent communication, 
  in croatia we do n't have segregation of religion from state so yeah the tv is full of catholic stuff . 
  live masses , religious talk shows , even the news sometimes make specials . 
  no other religions doe . 
  lots of dank memes , would recommend, 
  true but for the purpose of what he needs it 's enough in my opinion . 
  he just learned the sheer amount of different cultures , baby steps, 
  like others have said something called european culture kinda exists but it is n't something so specific that you can learn about it . 
  i would recommend watching some travelling through europe documentaries/shows . 
  a quick youtube search should be sufficient, 
  that 's quite wrong . 
  youtube is filled with videos about different cultures , not to mention all the documentaries about different countries, 
  for me it 's the fact that the same letter can be pronounced in x ways depending on the word, 
  i specifically told you about my country , not `` most of europe '' . 
  the christmas constitution from 1990, 
  and poor people elsewhere get that ? 
  economically usa is doing great . 
  as a result the lower financial group has some benefits that poor in less fortunate countries ca n't enjoy, 
   american poverty and criminals idk about criminals but i would kill for our poverty to turn into american poverty, 
  you 're taking in consideration politicians give a damn if people protest or not that way . 
  that is n't the case often but yeah i completely agree with your last paragraph, 
  i think it 's pointless . 
  who does n't wan na vote will just invalidate his vote sheet anyway . 
  i think the whole purpose of not voting is to show protest that there is not a single party worthy of getting your vote, 
  number of reasons . 
  one is that a number of people do n't think of people living there as croatians . 
  second is that after what serbia did any politician trying to do the same thing at the time would commit political suicide third is that croatias biggest advantage in the war was that it had the support of the west and a status of the defender country . 
  annexing a part of some other country would be very successful in changing that, 
  i 'm not a lawyer so i 'm not sure , but in my life i never heard of it . 
  besides that i see daily examples of exactly what you described and there 's no repercussions, 
  what you described is the foundation of my country so i 'm gon na say no, 
  during the croatian kingdom around the 1000 's i guess doe sacking rome was pretty fun too, 
  it 's widely known that he killed many people . 
  despite that , a large majority of people think that they had it better off while he was in charge . 
  in general people either absolutely love him or completely hate him , no in-between, 
  by official records there are more croats living outside of croatia than in it . 
  most of them are either families that ran away during the war or young people who moved to live in better conditions . 
  unfortunately most of the people who moved during the war never returned or bothered to find out what 's the situation here currently . 
  despite that they still vote and feel angry about the war which resulted in quite a large community of fascists that constantly pick the same nationalist party ( 85 % of votes are to that party ) . 
  it 's very unfortunate but as long as they bring in votes , nothing will change,
