  how are those things you mentioned public celebrations of that regime ? 
  i do n't , i do n't even . 
  anyway have a good day sir , i have better things to do, 
  we voted for ma\u010dek , not paveli\u0107 . 
  yes neo-nazis exit unfortunately but luckily they are still a small minority . 
  we also have streets and statues that are about communism , we have those that are about the croatian kingdom . 
  they are all a part of our countries history , it 's important we remember they happened . 
  doe i never saw a public celebration of that regime ( well except football huligans and tompson concerts ) . 
  do you have some examples ? 
  we were occupied by fascist germany and italy . 
  croats never voted to be a fascist country , i do n't see a reason why we need to take responsibility for it ... 
  bureaucracy is very different from country to country and as a rule of thumb it gets worse the more eastern you go ( excluding the baltic countries ), 
  the thing about these countries that other countries often forget is that not only the minorities were killed . 
  political opponents , `` suspicious citizens '' , etc. 
  were also killed . 
  in general it 's not looked at as ups we did something wrong as much as damn then they did it to us . 
  most people in croatia see it as it is . 
  a big tragedy in which a lot of jews , gypsies , serbs , many other minorities as well as innocent croats who opposed it died . 
  unfortunately there is a number of people praising that old political regime . 
  those are the same people that were n't alive during it and do n't have a clue about what they are preaching for . 
  for example the most popular site that a lot of neo-nazis here use promotes returning to that regime and `` purging the land '' all while calling themselves anti-fascist ... 
  there are electric cars currently that can go up to 300km without charging , which is not bad doe not enough i think for this scenario . 
  but yeah i said it 's coming soon , not that it 's already here, 
  actually we are a closer to that than one would think . 
  hybrid batteries look very promising . 
  a photo of [ zagreb ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/23254523@n02/16398079482/in/set-72157650178622579 ) from the cathedral tower . 
  not really popular fpr us but it 's a tradition for the czech tourists visiting us, 
  there is n't a good summary of differences on english unfortunately so you 're kinda forced to google each language and make comparisons . 
  i 'm gon na list some from the top of my head to help you for what to look for : the different froms of the old-slavic sign jata , the `` read as you write '' rule in serbian , as well as the differences that happened due to influence from other countries ( serbian being more influenced by russian and turkish , croatian more by other western countries , especially german ) . 
  i guess in short just what you need to know is that both croatian and serbian have been standardised by the iso something ( am on phone sorry ) and have been globally accepted while the serbo-croatian does n't enjoy that privilege after the fall of yugoslavia . 
  just to be sure i am not blaming austrians or anyone other for not knowing the difference . 
  we are two small countries with enough population in total to fit in a normal city . 
  it 's our own fault for being so irrelevant that people naturally do n't know the difference, 
  the vocabulary is quite similar , the grammar and the pronunciation are very different . 
  serbo-croatian once existed due to yugoslavenian politics but it does n't exist anymore as a language , at all . 
  the independent languages that existed long before yugoslavia prevailed . 
  yeah our government is a joke , especially the committee in charge of making new words edit : but hey if it makes you feel any better , the biggest croatian dialect recently became it 's own language . 
  maybe the croatian finally becames very different from these balcanic languages, 
  no they are not dialects . 
  they are similar languages but they are completely separate from each other . 
  we take down the christmas tree finally, 
  they were horrible noone disputes that . 
  oh and keep in mind many , many people died , not just serbs, 
  during out time as a nazi puppet state ? 
  yeah we did , goes with being a nazi state, 
  we were under nazi rule which obviously left quite an impact on us . 
  not to mention it at least officially served as the main excuse for the serbians to start the war, 
  i for one accept our new european overlords . 
  seriously doe , unconditionally would . 
  oh yeah forgot about those . 
  if you work on the field you might get a bonus and same applies for transport if you live a certain distance from your work place . 
  in the public sector they are pretty common , private sector eh it 's on the boss to decide, 
  some jobs get you stuff like christmas bonuses and etc, 
  1.98 $ / h , that is if you 're lucky enough to actually get payed . 
  also overtime is often not payed and neither are any bonuses . 
  25 % on almost everything , 13 % on sokw very basic essentials . 
  bosnia by far , you just ca n't compete with that, 
  considering we have among the most expensive flights in europe while being among the poorer countries flights really are n't that big of a thing, 
  you can google `` new affair '' and find a few google pages worth of different affairs just for the last week, 
  ivana brli\u0107 ma\u017eurani\u0107 - croatian tales of long ago a collection of children stories heavily inspired by slavic mythology , nothing terrifying unfortunately but definitely interesting . 
  it 's probably hard to find outside of croatia but at least it was translated to a lot of languages, 
  not that i can think of , doe do n't qoute me on that , croatian is way out of my field of expertise, 
  yeah but that 's slang, 
  we do n't have them actually ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ think, 
  liberal --  censor opinions when you need to make a comment do you just open a dictionary and choose words randomly ? 
  so do croats and slovenians :p and no i did n't misquote you , to that guys answer where he explained how different scandinavian countries are you said that it does n't matter because they all look same to you, 
  you said heritage does n't matter but only that they `` look same to you '' . 
  do n't try to weasel your way out of it now, 
  good to know, 
  by your logic then slovenians are actually croatians , does it still make sense to you ? 
  not really , in croatia is the 25th too, 
  it ca n't get worse , i say sure, 
  my grandparents were born in a different country than my parents and my parents different from me . 
  we do n't agree much about politics but we all agree that it used to be much better, 
  the capital has a mayor who said that he wants to make zagreb have more fountains than even rome . 
  the scary thing is that he 's been going at it quite seriously , wikipedia sais 24 for so now but those are only the bigger , more well known ones, 
  born in croatia , family from serbia , actually an american, 
  these are literal translations so bare with me . 
  french salad : mayonnaise , peas , carrots , potatoes , cucumbers and sometimes corn mixed together . 
  a hungriann girl : a type of chocolate cake . 
  a romanian : a type of rum cake, 
  kako \u0107u ja past maturu iz hj ... 
  idk what 's up with double last names, 
  considering we have 2 nationalistic christian parties currently ruling i 'm gon na go with centar to far right, 
  * squints eyes * a serb wanting to remove the borders joke aside i totally agree, 
  hungary wan na join up again ? 
  how we handled our separation from yugoslavenia, 
  we get fucked either way , it does n't affect us even the slightest, 
  serious sam, 
  listened to a group of bosnians argue who was a bigger croat among them, 
  croatia i trust my government is too incompetent to violate anyone 's privacy . 
  my apologies , turns out my politics teacher is a very unreliable source . 
  the group did succeeded in doing it, 
  some law saying only the parliament can change it on their own accord, 
  some christian group spent millions and millions during the biggest economic crisis our country had to make a referendum to put the definition of marriage as a heterosexual relationship in the constitution . 
  only after everything was over did they realise they ca n't change the constitution with a referendum and that all that money was wasted, 
  i for one accept our new european overlords . 
  seriously doe i would love this very much , unrelated who won as long as it 's not the croatian one, 
  that 's what we want you think, 
  out of the three gon na go with air pollution .
