  nothing like political memes, 
  * mandatory that 's not eastern europe comment *, 
  i 'm going on a protest against them later this week . 
  does that answer your question ? 
  boast about your serbo-croatian, 
  very true . 
  unless a true bosnian makes it , it just ca n't be as good just like albanian bureks, 
  german courts, 
  we 're happy that they 're close enough for us to go get their food . 
  however we 're also happy we each have our own separate country since their economic state would weigh us down . 
  how do we view it ? 
  as a shitstorm honestly , but still more civilised than other balkan countries, 
  idk about the germans but the french are extremely language-smug , almost as much as italians . 
  i remember a post not long ago where someone asked about the necessity to learn the foreign language when visiting your country . 
  the top french posts were just saying it 's a must to learn the `` basics '' . 
  what they described as the basics is knowing the language good enough to sorts understand each other . 
  this all was just my personal opinion , but expecting tourists to know your language is ludicrous to me, 
  some special bars do drank bud light in one in opatija a few years back it 's just not popular due to german/chezh beers being so superior to anything really, 
  does bosnia count ? 
  yeah my bad , i corrected myself in a reply a bit up it was 600 years, 
  got robbed by gypsies , called police , nothing happened as normal because laws do n't apply to them . 
  some undercover policeman were making routine weed checks near schools . 
  the one i encountered was in full adidas gear head to toe , approached saying stop kid and putting an arm on my shoulder . 
  when i pushed it away he showed me his hidden gun , let me shit my pants for a few seconds and only then did he remembered to say police and show me his badge . 
  besides that i only meet the local policeman who spend 90 % of their work hours in a pub but i live in a small village so i guess it 's not really surprising . 
  the chief of the police is a corrupt , convicted politician that employed half his birthplace in the top management of the police . 
  even if your everyday policeman was an angel , the orders he gets are from extremely corrupt officials . 
  over years even the most determined ones just strop trying in a system like that, 
  everyday . 
  going out on meals because you 're lazy to cook is considered a luxury here, 
  checked now , since the end of the 14 century , so yeah 600 years, 
  and on croatian wikipedia it sais croats were the first civilised people in europe the sources are what matters, 
  huh ? 
  the oldest record of eddan is linked with codex regina which is from the 13th century , how did you get 800-1000 ? 
  you learned non-french poems in french class ? 
  edit : i confused which one is the dialect of what , my bad, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/legendary_saga according to swedish history , the language being that old would be the least surprising thing they claim . 
  yes i know these sagas are not treated as a historical source anymore but there is still a disturbingly amount of misconceptions left, 
  at least in croatia , not really . 
  we have been neighbours to muslims for close to a thousand years , it 's gon na take a lot more than some immigrants to ruin that respect edit : 600 years *, 
  i really do n't think he 's that stupid as to compare our countries, 
  it 's a reference about the whole agrokor thing and croats staying obedient and silent . 
  we 're on the brink of a new economic crisis , just 2 years after we got out of recession and there are no protests , no opposition to the leading party hell not even public outcries on facebook pages , like the people are n't even there . 
  also a reference to our voting . 
  besides less than 50 % of the population actually voting , in the last 25 years that this country existed , there were two different ruling parties - in total . 
  it 's like we 're actively trying to be as little as possible be involved in our own country . 
  `` when the people are afraid of the government that is tyranny , when the government is afraid of the people that is democracy , when the government denies the existence of the people that is serbia , when the people actually do n't exist that is croatia and when the government does n't exist that is bosnia '' - news bar prime time, 
  * looks at you * eh i guess we can be worse wan na come over for a beer to watch the agrokor burn down with our whole economy ? 
  why would looking at you make us feel better ? 
  it 's a mandatory subject from the first grade and it 's mandatory in all educational facilities including stuff like universities . 
  over time english is becoming more and more mandatory for employment , especially because croatia 's main economic industry is tourism in which knowing foreign languages is a must ( we 're not as self-centered as some tourists countries that force you to learn their language to get around ) . 
  also there is a very limited amount of professional literature on croatian so depending on your field , knowing english is a must, 
  for a politician to rob the country , be proven guilty and then released because he 's not in the leading party anymore so `` there will be no repeating of the criminal offense '' https://eblnews.com/news/croatia/saucha-be-released-investigative-custody-friday-afternoon-56574 not to mention our politicans not having the basic literacy ( mostly because they either grew up in bosnia or because they were learning serbo-croatian ) or college degrees , some do n't even have a highschool degree . 
  oh and an ex prime minister that spent all his life in canada and does n't know a word of croatian . 
  that 's the only reason why i would do that if there were no cars, 
  north : sodom and gomorrah : white wine edition east : redneckish , too relaxed , boring south : laziness ^ 2 west : italians pretending to be croat centre : mountain , bear wrestling people . 
  basically think of your traditional lumberjack , add a full on russian stereotype on him and replace vodka with rakija . 
  zagreb : spoiled brats split : a case on it 's own, 
  there has been only 2 parties ever elected as ruling since my countries establishment , what do you think ? 
  yeah , same here but in reverse order . 
  just was making sure, 
  out of curiosity how well can you understand slovenian just out of pure language similarity ? 
  i speak well english and the bosnian-croatian-serbian language . 
  i understand a fair amount of kajkavian and with it slovenian , czechian and slovakian . 
  also through proxy , i understand some russian and polish . 
  out of every paycheck there is a bit taxed for the retirement fund . 
  all the money from the fund has already been spent/stolen so the current working generation is paying the retirement of the last one . 
  croatia has a massive decrease in population , meaning the current working class probably wo n't have a proper retirement , not to mention the next one . 
  i solved that problem by deciding to move out when i get the chance, 
   myths and legends are n't set in stone ( well some are ) . 
  and ancient history is even less, 
  oooooooh , okay . 
  thanks for clearing those things out , was truly enjoyable talking to you ( and educational ), 
  look at the reply i made to the guy that made the same accusation a bit up . 
  the article was never meant to be a reliable source or great linguistic material . 
  it 's just a fun-fact type of article which was written by a journalist , of course some mistakes snuck up . 
  i only linked it as a basic introduction to some of the similarities between the languages , it 's not perfectly correct or well written , but it gives all the info an average redditor needs about the topic - and more . 
  not everyone is a linguist and everybody does n't need to know each little bit of every language . 
  on the other hand , for those that are linguists/linguist enthusiasts i am more than happy to link some valid research/sources about the whole topic, 
  fabrication fabr\u026a\u02c8ke\u026a\u0283 ( \u0259 ) n / noun the action or process of manufacturing or inventing something . 
  i 'm not sure what i 'm trying to invent . 
  i just a linked fun-fact kind of page , it was never meant to prove anything , just show some cherry picked similarities as an introduction to the topic . 
  if you 're interested in the whole thing i can send you some actual sources when i get home , it 's not a problem . 
  edit : also would recommend looking at the other line of comments on my original one . 
  the guy i 'm talking to really appears to know his stuff, 
   i meant / \u0288 / , / \u0288\u02b0 / , / \u0256 / and / \u0256\u02b1 / . 
  excuse my lack of knowledge , this is most certainly not my area of expertise but are n't the examples i made also that type of constant ? 
  i 'm probably wrong but does n't the constant only need to be spoken that way to count ? 
   but while i 'm at that , phonemic aspiration is also absent in slavic languages . 
  aspiration is always tricky , mostly for not being well defined in slavic languages , not so much because the lack of it . 
  for example \u010d , \u0107 , t , p , k are often enough used aspirated , all while in some other words they are not . 
  i would say that aspirated constants are used but not properly defined , a linguistical error on our side, 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  like at all ? 
  there 's a few tables of similar words and some grammatical examples , what fabrication ? 
  it 's just a little fun fact page i already explained what i meant by sister languages , at least read to what you reply, 
   sanskrit has words in common with pretty much every slavic language - you 'll find similar things with an east slavic language like russian and a west slavic language like czech . 
  that 's because both `` branches '' of pie are closer , temporally , than western european branches . 
  i said sanskrit was similar to croatian , croatian is similar to other slavic languages , that implicitly makes sanskrit similar to other slavic languages . 
  i do n't know what you 're getting at .
