  michael gove : education secretary 2010-2014 : not done one specifically bad thing but lots of little things . 
  knifed boris johnson in the back during the pm race to replace cameron . 
  said the infamous `` the people of this country have had enough of experts ... '' comment during the eu campaign . 
  seems to be the political yardstick the tories use - if a policy shocks even gove then it 's far too evil to be implemented . 
  jeremy * unt : health secretary 2012-current : wrote a book advocating the privatisation of the nhs . 
  falsely claimed that the nhs did n't operate 7 days a week and used this as an excuse to try and impose ( still a work in progress ) new employment contracts on junior doctors . 
  questions remain over * unt 's false claims , possibly his policy was simply based on a flawed study of patient mortality although there is evidence to suggest that the study was known to be flawed when the policy was drawn up , certainly the study has been discredited now and other studies have shown that nhs does operate fully 24/7 but * unt refuses to back down on the policy despite it no longer having any basis in fact . 
  there is also some question as to whether * unt 's policy has actually resulted in deaths ( even before the new contract of employment 's unsafe ( arguably ) working practices come into effect ) , several newspapers have reported that people who fell sick at weekends , believing * unt 's claims , decided to wait until monday before seeking treatment and died as a result . 
  sorry ... perhaps too much ramble . 
  let me try again . 
  micheal gove : backstabber and all-round general shit . 
  jeremy * unt : wants to privatise the nhs and does n't care if people die as a result . 
  i think the whole world is concerned about the us elections , or even panicked . 
  with regard to your side note . 
  i 'd rather host some nukes than a couple of trump golf courses . 
  trump is n't likely to visit nukes but there 's a very real danger that he 'll visit his golf courses . 
  so think of it as not so much paying to keep nukes but paying to keep trump away . 
  do n't forget the manchild with weird hair donald drumpf . 
  i 'm not downvoting you . 
  yes he was appointed to fs but he was elected as an mp and as london mayor . 
  no , he 's a buffoon . 
  he gets elected because he 's a likable buffoon but nevertheless he 's a buffoon . 
  please , watch your language , you ca n't can use the h word in polite conversation . 
  he already is the uk 's court jester , has been for years , now he 's wanting to be europe 's ( for a while ) and the world 's jester . 
  welcome to our nightmare . 
  boris has been trying to get on the world stage for years , now that he 's managed it you can see what we 've had to endure ... pity us, 
  boris is . 
  my guess would be that if it had been legally binding then it could well have , unless the wording was specific . 
   i 'm guessing he thinks careful now , this is boris johnson we 're talking about , i think you need to back that up with some hard evidence . 
  actually , i think it 's leaning towards the opposite . 
  it 's been subtle but over the last 5-10 years there has been a subtle hardening of attitudes towards saudi arabia , and possibly a change in sa 's foreign policies as a result , although those changes are just as likely to be due to internal political changes . 
  well you could formalise how the court would work in principle before actually staffing it , then wait for the trade agreements to come along . 
  or negotiate the first trade agreement and ratify it pending the setting up of the court , then negotiate the court 's remit and powers separately , after all , if the court is going to be used for multiple agreements its powers need to be considered in a wider context than the first trade agreement . 
  the intention for the court is for it to become a permanent central mechanism for all trade treaties . 
  of course i do n't . 
  i just happen to think that the uk 's reasons are n't justifiable considering saudi arabia 's foreign policy strategy . 
  my concern is that this new court is being setup under the confidentially of the ceta treaty ... not meaning that it 's secret , just that it 's evolving under the confidentiality of trade negotiations . 
  i 'd much rather that it was being setup separately with proper public/national scrutiny rather than as part of something else . 
  get the court right and get ceta right separately , not try to get both right as one package . 
  the uk government has been resisting attempts to block arms sales to saudi arabia though http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/saudi-arabia-arms-sales-british-us-senate-paul-caroline-lucas-a7307546.html so could want to block an inquiry for the same reason . 
  isds has been used before though . 
  and if you were a a cynic there 's the arms sales to consider . 
  no , ceta does n't use isds , instead it will use `` a new dispute settlement mechanism and move towards establishing a permanent multilateral investment court '' . 
  it was this proposed alternative to isds that got people worried about ttip , although eventually ttip reverted to isds instead . 
  edit : forgot to cite this [ press release ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-16-399_en.htm ), 
  first off , op refers to ceta , not ttip . 
  ttip is probably dead in the water . 
  i am by no means saying that ceta would compromise standards but the new court system for resolving trade disputes needs to be examined carefully and thoroughly to ensure that it wo n't be able to be misused to erode such rights . 
  a hypothetical example , and i 'm not suggesting that this specific case could happen in ceta : a private health company could claim that a country 's public healthcare system was a barrier to fair trade . 
  and this might well be the case , as well run public healthcare systems compete as well or better in terms of cost-effectiveness of treatment . 
  however if a ruling challenged the right for that country to have a public healthcare system then that could negatively impact on that country 's citizens . 
  note : just to restate . 
  in the case of ceta , canada already has public healthcare so this example would specifically not apply ( which is why i picked it , so as not to risk diverting into the merits of a specific case ) . 
  i do n't mean those sort of standards . 
  i mean standards for working conditions and statutory rights for workers . 
  ensuring a social globalisation as well as an economic one . 
  i realise that the eu as a trading block is n't big enough to make it worthwhile other countries simply adopting the eu model for workers ' rights but such deals can be used to encourage other countrries to takes steps in the right direction . 
  that 's how the eea works . 
  to gain access you have to abide by the eea 's rules . 
  the eu should be doing deals more like eea than ceta , leverage its position as the world 's biggest market . 
  that 's another factor , it 's understandable that much of the negotiations happen behind closed doors but if the public are going to be expected to support them then there must be periodic releases of information so that we know what 's going on and have time to absorb the information . 
  someone would argue that there will be plenty of time , after the negotiations have been completed , for the public to understand the treaty before having to decide but that does n't leave room for citizen advocacy . 
  maybe it 'll be a great deal , except for clause 3b , but it 'll be too late for minor changes by the time we get to see it . 
  the wording of the act talks about any further loss of sovereignty , handing over power to a new court would be a loss of sovereignty . 
  i think there 's a growing rift between the political classes and the rest of the public about how globilisation is being progressed . 
  as a pro-eu brit i think the eu is the best attempt at globalisation going , it at least attempts to maintain social , environmental and worker standards/rights . 
  however these trade deals , while possibly not quite as bad as they 're made out to be , do chip away at those rights . 
  the eu should n't be saying `` we 'll compromise our standards to trade with you '' , instead they should be saying `` you bring your standards up to our level if you want to trade with us '' . 
  i fear that if things continue in their current form the public will become increasingly angry with globalisation when it 's the method of implementation that 's at fault , not the concept itself . 
  i also suspect that we need big ideas like globalisation to help us combat the big problems like climate change , so it 's more than simply about making the world richer . 
  or , as the uk knows it 's leaving and has already voluntarily ducked out of the 6th month eu presidency , and its eu commission resigned promptly , it 's conceivable that any uk meps would simply sit on the sidelines for things that wo n't impact on uk interests . 
  would n't the new trade court push it over the edge though , seeing as it 's not the old isds system ? 
  yeah , at least 2 other states need referenda to ratify such treaties , i believe . 
  however the uk situation could help those who oppose ceta . 
  the uk government could simply say `` we 'd have to have a referendum to ratify ceta and as we 're on our way out it 's simply a waste of time/money to organise one , so ceta will just ahve to wait until after we 've gone '' . 
  from the article ( i think it 's been updated since i first read it ) :  it includes : the new investment court system ( ics ) ; harmonised regulations ; sustainable development clauses ; and access to public sector tenders ; as the proposed ics is new , not the old isds system , that looks like it constitutes a change in sovereignty and therefore could well trigger the 2011 act . 
  the uk 's 2011 only requires a referendum , rather than a parliamentary vote , if the legislation constitutes a loss/delegation of sovereignty . 
  the 2011 act has a lot of specifics and exemptions mentioned in the wording and i 'm certainly no lawyer , which is why i asked . 
  i 'm not sure what the big deal is here . 
  the uk only elects uk meps and has no impact on voting in other member states . 
  even if the uk is in the 2 year exit period the uk has the right to have meps in parliament and regardless of when the exit period ends those meps simply leave parliament at that point . 
  it does n't create any legal or constitutional problems , it just looks a bit silly on paper . 
  the only real issue is for uk political parties . 
  if the uk is still in the exit period when the elections happen , with possibly only weeks or a few months of the new parliament sitting before the exit period is complete , how much money/effort do they put into campaigning . 
  after all , although i think it 's an extremely remote possibility , if the negotiations have n't gone quickly the exit period could be extended , thus suddenly making any uk meps ' role more relevant . 
  while it might be unpopular , both in the rest of the eu and with uk leave supporters , for as long as the uk is part of the eu and following eu laws and regulations , and pays and receives funding to/from the eu , it has the right to representation and must exercise that right ( in good faith ) . 
  that survey does n't agree with you . 
  it 's a poll about how negotiations should go , not about whether it 's good or bad the uk is leaving . 
  i 'm a remain voter and i agree with that poll , the eu should take a tough stance on negotiations , the uk certainly will , neither side should simply roll over of the other . 
  that would n't pass constitutional muster as the wording of the referendum made it advisory rather than binding . 
   but it will also need to be ratified by national parliaments across the eu . 
  first let me say that i 'm a remain voter , so not trying to stir but i wonder if this would fall under the uk 's [ 2011 european union act ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_act_2011 ) and therefore necessitate a referendum in the uk if ceta were to be adopted before the uk leaves the eu ? 
  note for leave voters : this would n't be a `` 2nd referendum '' but a referendum on a separate issue not related to leaving the eu . 
  edit : punctuation, 
  or everyone gives away a free puppy with every transaction . 
  the article does n't specify but presumably the court found that it was mandated . 
  as to the should part , i agree with you . 
  i agree to an extent , and certainly i do n't think the shaking hands issue would ever warrant a court case in the uk because it 's not such a cultural issue here . 
  however the refusal argument is n't clear cut . 
  if the student had refused to do homework or refused to participate in class work , passivity is n't a defense , the teacher/school would be within their rights to discipline the child within the appropriate legal framework .
