  if such a framework mandates that children will shake their teacher 's hand at the end of a lesson , or carry complete homework , then the teacher/school has the right to take appropriate action . 
  i was only speaking from my perspective . 
  it occurred to me after i wrote that that i omitted that it can even be perceived as hostile because we were always taught to shake hands after a dispute to show that there was no ill-will , a refusal to shake hands therefore showing that hostility remained . 
  in the uk you can get fined for swearing in public ( although it rarely happens ) so if refusing to shake hands is deemed by society as an insult then it would be a similar action to a verbal insult . 
  i 'm not saying whether it 's right or wrong , i 'm in two minds about it , just that i can see the thinking behind the ruling . 
  in case you wonder why i 'm in two minds : society is very nuanced , a social interaction in itself might be perfectly accepted and normal but can be unacceptable if repeated . 
  this subtlety is difficult to represent in law . 
  if you meet someone you like at a bar and ask them out , that 's perfectly acceptable , if they reject you and you spend the rest of the evening repeatedly asking them out society would find it acceptable that a bouncer forcibly remove you from the premises , and if you then follow that person home and continue to ask them out that would become harassment and the police could arrest you . 
  asking someone out on a date should n't be a crime , harassment should be , even though the latter could consist entirely of the former . 
  yeah . 
  refusing to shake someone 's hand when it 's offered is an implied insult . 
  i hope your hat lives a long and happy life . 
  i 'm kind of surprised , maybe even disappointed , that the eu has n't done one like they did for the olympics . 
  personally i 'm not a fan of that kind of table but i think if the do a table for one then they should do it for both . 
  there are religious mps but no religious parties with mps . 
  all the main political parties are secular . 
   holy shit indeed . 
  if it were physically possible i 'm sure these idiots would be advocating towing the uk into the middle of the atlantic so that the uk would be as far away from everyone as possible . 
  `` plate tectonics be damned , we voted for sovereignty ! '', 
  brexit should have been about taking back our sovereignty from rupert murdoch . 
  can norway publish a link to donald trump 's tax returns for our american friends ? 
  pr v fptp blind polls where respondents are asked to rate policies without knowing which party they come from show that uk green policies are actually quite popular . 
  another problem in the uk is that the greens have an abysmal campaign machine . 
  i 'm worried about the direction the uk will take if the uk leaves the eu . 
  agreed , large scale emigration is a much more serious issue than immigration . 
  sadly it 's the latter that grabs the media attention . 
  but it 's religion that tells people that sex is bad and because it 's bad people want to do more of it - hence more children . 
  the uk does n't , at least not with mps . 
  there are bishops in the house of lords . 
  god !, 
  please no !, 
  we would all drown in farage cum !, 
  i think that 's a reasonable view . 
  firstly , it 's been consistently uk government policy for many years to oppose an eu defense force on the ground that it could undermine nato , so they 're not changing their stance on this . 
  therefore not an act of spite as some have argued . 
  secondly , as you say , the uk may end up staying , or have a very protracted departure . 
  while i do n't think this is likely it would seem sensible for the uk government to just assume leaving will happen on schedule and not exercise its rights accordingly . 
  known factors that could affect how long it takes the uk include : * the uk government 's readiness to begin the process * the uk government opting to delay to get past french & german elections in 2017 * uk legal challenges to the mechanism by which a50 can be invoked . 
  * legal challenges as to whether the uk government has the right to strip uk citizens of their eu citizenship . 
  * legal status of northern ireland . 
  ni 's government is unerpinned by eu law and untangling that may require a bi-lateral agreement with the roi . 
  * delays in uk parliament . 
  while parliament is n't likely to simply override the will of the people parliament does have the responsibility to vet certain aspects of departure and negotiations and would be within its rights to send legislation back to the government in order to come up with a better plan . 
  edit : to be clear . 
  i 'm not assessing the validity of any of those factors , merely stating the factors that i 'm aware of that have been discussed or that are linked to pending court cases ( in the uk but presumably , regardless of which ever way those court cases go the results could get challenged up the judicial tree until they reach the european courts ) . 
  probably simply because of the technicality that until the uk has left there is the possibility that it wo n't leave and therefore has to protect its interests , just in case . 
  the idea of an eu defense force has been floated before and the uk has always voiced its opposition ( the risk to nato ) , nothing has changed in this regard . 
  perhaps a better question is why this was raised now and not instead raised at the first summit after the uk has left ? 
  the uk may trigger a50 early next year or it may not . 
  there are lines of reasoning that a50 wo n't happen until towards the end of 2017 or even ultimately get postponed until after the general election . 
  i do n't particularly subscribe to this line of reasoning but it goes : the governments france and germany will be major factor in negotiations and so it makes sense to delay a50 until after their elections , delaying to 2017 brings the eu 2019 elections into the negotiation window and therefore too risky to invoke until after those but then the uk 2020 election is just around the corner so the delay would extend to after the ge . 
  personally i think may will invoke in q1 of 2017 however some sources claim that the uk government and civil service are severely behind schedule with their preparations , which could contribute to the likelyhood of the above scenario playing out . 
  personally i have no trouble with the idea of an eu defense union but successive uk governments have consistently held the view that such a force would undermine nato 's position as europe 's primary defensive treaty . 
  as the uk views this as a threat to nato , which it is staying in , it 's opposition to the defense union is n't related to its intentions regarding the eu , presumably after leaving the eu the uk would try ( presumably unsuccessfully ) to diplomatically lobby from outside again the formation of such a union . 
  the uk is still a member of the eu until a50 has been invoked ( and an exit treaty implemented or after 2 years ) until then it has the right to conduct business as it would normally . 
  until it leaves the uk is bound by eu laws and has the right to exercise its rights under those laws . 
  fruthermore departure from the eu is n't a technical certainty until it 's complete , therefore it is prudent for the uk to continue business as usual just in case something exceptional happens and the uk remains in the eu . 
  the smart option for the eu would be to create the defense force as an opt-in agreement , which would n't need approval of all member states , or to wait until the uk has left , although other eu member states might want to veto it on the grounds that it would compromise their stance of military neutrality . 
  i 'm not sure if the uk government would object to an opt-in eu force . 
  the uk 's position has conistently been that an eu force could pose a threat to nato 's position as europe 's pre-eminent defensive treaty . 
  an opt-in force would be much leas of a threat to that . 
  an eu defensive force was actually one of the few eu issues not to be a big factor in the uk 's referendum . 
  the leave campaign did try to make it an issue by claiming that the uk would be forced to join if the uk remained in the eu but the remain campaign countered that the only way to stop the creation of an eu force was to stay in the eu . 
  neither argument gained much traction with the electorate . 
  i think it 's the fear that member nations of an eu force might think `` we do n't need to be in nato and the eu force , and we 're not leaving the eu so we 'll leave nato . '', 
  and that if countries leave nato it weaken its deterrent effect . 
  as i said , it 's not necessarily my view but the uk 's view and it 's not a change of policy on the part of the uk . 
  my understanding is that this has been the uk 's view ever since the idea was first brought up years ago . 
  an opt-in eu force would n't be seen as such a problem by the uk government , because eu members could choose to be in nato and not the eu force , if they so desired . 
  furthermore an opt-in force could n't be vetoed . 
  the uk government 's view is , rightly or wrongly , that nato is the best military defensive alliance for protecting both the uk and europe because it brings the us into the equation . 
  they further believe that an eu defense force would undermine nato , thus weakening europe 's and the uk 's defenses . 
  with this view it 's natural for the uk government to want to use the diplomatic means at its disposal to oppose the setting up of a eu defense force . 
  using the veto while in the eu and conventional diplomatic means after leaving . 
  my understanding is that the principle reason the uk views an eu defense force as a threat to nato is that if a eu country that is also in nato and has committed resources to both but finds itself overstretched it could then drop out of nato . 
  on a personal level . 
  i 'm a strongly pro-eu brit and see merits to the creation of an eu defensive force , and although i agree there is a danger of undermining nato i 'm sure this could be solved , perhaps by the eu becoming a nato member , rather than the individual member states . 
  of course , the eu enmasse joining nato would seem far fetched as it would be contrary to the policy of neutrality of some member states but those very policies also make an eu defense force unlikely . 
  i do n't think you have to be on the far left to object to certain aspects of ttip . 
  because in some incarnations of ttip it was going to be something other than isds . 
  brexit does really mess things up . 
  i doubt the eu would want to try and sign anything before a50 is invoked , which would push it beyond obama 's term assuming uk is n't going to rush into invoking a50 . 
  even after a50 is invoked , could ttip come into effect without uk assent before the 2 year exit period had completed ? 
  a50 would allow the eu to sign ttip without uk approval but it probably could n't actually come into effect until the finished leaving otherwise it would effectively be being imposed on the uk during that time . 
  and on top of that , it seems that the uk were one of the main drivers for ttip on the eu side in the first place . 
  with the uk gone maybe there simply is n't the desire within the rest of the eu for such a deal . 
  one i side note i think it 's iron that despite the uk government 's eagerness for ttip the leave campaign used ttip as a campaign argument as if the eu were pushing it on the uk rather than the other way around . 
  if it were just a trade deal , an agreement on basic common trade practices and removal of tariffs , i would n't have an issue either ( and negotiations would have probably been a lot quicker too ) . 
  however the legal changes being proposed are another matter . 
  the issue over an attempt to introduce some sort of legal framework , possible a `` court '' that would give corporations a legal platform to challenge unfair national laws is something that might possibly be a good idea but at the same time is so significant that arguably it warrants separate consideration from the rest of ttip . 
  one could see where a company might rightly see itself unfairly impinged upon by a nation 's law , so a international court of business rights might be a good idea . 
  however where would such a court sit in the hierarchy of national and international courts ? 
  if its purpose is to protect companies against unfair national laws then it has to be a supernational court but if its rulings were to clash with a ruling by the echr , for example , which court has supremacy ? 
  and as the us is n't signed up to the echr does that mean that the us supreme court would have supremacy over this court too , and if so what about other supreme courts in eu nations ? 
  personally , i think that issue alone is complex enough to warrant its own treaty and scrutiny , completely separate from all the other myriad of policy areas covered by ttip . 
  trying to do it all at once runs the risk of `` false trivialisation '' , where a section of ttip is actually quite significant but because it 's wrapped up in such a huge deal there 's a danger of the argument `` but you ca n't reject this multi-billion euro deal just because of * that one issue * '' . 
  i 'm not sure you know how election cycles work when linked with the nature of crowds . 
  ttip was started in 2013 and , in it 's current form , they were planning on ratifying it in q3 2016 . 
  during that time , the uk ( for example ) had a general election in 2015 , at that time there was no official version of ttip for the electorate to scrutinise , and the next time the uk people would get a say is 2020 . 
  having such a far reaching deal pass through an election cycle with even its broader principles largely hidden is bound to generate significant distrust .
