  i think the tech companies are working on scam algorithms for their ais as we speak . 
  the main stumbling block is getting the ai to spout random extremist political views and to obsess about recent sporting events . 
  it 's a theory held by some on the religious right around the world and is n't limited to any one specific religion or denomination . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/italy-earthquakes-priest-blames-recent-spate-on-gay-civil-unions-a7401986.html http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-38011627 http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/weird-news/gay-sex-causes-earthquakes-says-8072121 http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,l-3509263,00.html meanwhile in america a whole multitude of things get blamed on gay people http://www.salon.com/2014/04/11/6_most_absurd_things_the_christian_right_has_blamed_on_gays_partner/, 
  i 'm not saying there are n't far left conspiracy theories but the far right conspiracy theories : jews/global bankers secretly rule the world , gays cause earthquakes , the secret world government is convincing women to not have children in order to force countries to accept immigrants and thus dilute the purity of the white race , the numerous `` end of days '' groups and the `` preppers '' . 
  they 're all pretty enduring and pop up pretty much anywhere the far right/religious right gain traction . 
  you just have to look at the recent us election to see these theories in abundance , not to mention the whole `` birther '' business and the numerous conspiracy theories surrounding the clintons . 
  actually it 's the far right and religious right that believe in conspiracy theories more than the far left . 
   yet cameron referred to the uk as a christian country and we all know how good he is at judging the opinions of the country . 
  i had n't considered kebabs in the culinary pantheon . 
  what is he/she the god of ? 
  so far i know of : chocolate - the goddess of heaven who died for our sins and was reborn as a chocolate egg . 
  coffee - the goddess of morning biscuits - the god of hope ( when you are called into an all day meeting there is at least the hope of biscuits and when they have gone there is always the possibility of more biscuits after lunch ) haggis - the god of winter , also the god of things people deride but actually turn out to be really good when tried . 
  beer & wine - sibling god and goddess of celebration, 
  belief in those and belief in religion are n't mutually exclusive . 
  in fact , i suspect that there 's a positive correlation between belief in god and conspiracy theories . 
  would love to see some analysis on this . 
  you expect their image editors to be better than their journalists ? 
  i thought you were going to link to [ this ] ( http://i4.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article7415078.ece/alternates/s615b/george-osborne-strange-stance.jpg ) but i 'd forgotten about gove clapping . 
  possibly because the eu referendum was a different kind of election to the austrian one . 
  the referendum was n't picking a leader it was deciding a single issue . 
  the people are the enemies of the people !, 
  i would argue that the graph is wrong because the uk 's biggest concern is brexit . 
  if the survey presented a fixed list of worries then , in the uk 's case the survey is as flawed as asking a man on a beach who 's worried about getting wet which wave he 's most concerned about when the tide 's coming in . 
  the press or x , y , z ? 
  but still if the top worry only gets 36 % then the uk does n't really have a specific thing that it 's worrying about . 
  scoring so low could mean that britian 's 2nd worry could be contradictory and only be behind the top one by a fraction of a percent . 
  my original comment was more in exasperation . 
  in actuality i 'm questioning the validity of the conclusions . 
  what was the methodology used for compiling these figures ? 
  were people asked to pick from a list of possible worries or was it an open question ? 
  the biggest worry in the uk right now is probably `` brexit '' , of which immigration is only a subset of that worry bigger worry ( worry that it wo n't happen , worry that it will happen , worry that the wrong kind of brexit will happen ) . 
  according to the uk press they are . 
  it 's full of headlines about how brexit might not happen because of x , y or z. 
   that highlighted the difficulties faced by religious communities like the satmar if they encounter modern influences . 
  alternatively `` that highlighted the difficulties faced by modern countries when they have groups that reject scientific reason in favour of outdated beliefs . '', 
  wtf , if britain 's biggest worry , immigration , only has 36 % of respondents worried about it then why is brexit a thing ? 
  there is another possibility . 
  boris 's brain is nothing more than an artificially intelligent ( and i use the term loosely ) random phrase generator . 
  the eu 's approach to vat regulations has been aimed at defending the single market against unfair tax rates . 
  namely stopping a country lowing tax rates on certain goods/services in order to gain an unfair competitive advantage . 
  so the eu sets eu wide minimums on vat . 
  if a country wants to have a higher tax rate , that 's fine , but lowering it below a threshold is not fine . 
  in principle the idea is a good one but occasionally , as in this instance , it throws up weird anomalies where minimum tax rates seem to defy common logic . 
  another example is the so called `` tampon tax '' , where vat is charged on tampons because for some reason they were classified as a luxury item while something like razors is n't . 
  was n't there two countries recently that finally untangled a whole bunch of 2nd and even some 3rd order enclaves ? 
  india/bangladesh springs to mind , they recently sorted out over 150 enclaves . 
  disappointing certainly , and there will be a group protesting against any brexit that is n't a hard brexit . 
  however if the majority of the population are in favour of a soft brexit then it could have severe electoral consequences down the road for any government that does n't listen . 
  yeah but for the half of the uk that voted to stay in the eu it 's better than nothing . 
  that 's not true . 
  a majority of the people who voted leave want to leave the eu and the eea but there is a significant minority of leave voters that want to stay in the eea . 
  meanwhile the majority of remain voters want to stay in the eea regardless . 
  some polls have put the number of people who want to stay in the eea after leaving the eu as high as 66 % . 
  this might be even high if you consider that some leave voters would see a staged withdrawal from eu institutions as a more economically sensible approach than leaving quickly ... leave the eu but stay in the eea until the markets have calmed down and trade treaties with non-eea nations have been agreed and only then withdraw from the eea . 
  the date has been the end of march for some time now . 
  if memory serves the date has changed accordingly : * prior to the referendum the wording was that a50 would be invoked almost immediately * david cameron 's resignation pushed this back to `` not before 2017 '' so as the incoming prime minister would have time to get settled in . 
  * theresa may initially was n't committed to a date upon taking office , sensibly so , but then committed to the end of march . 
  all those changes seem reasonable ( although perhaps cameron threw himself on his sword as a delaying tactic ) . 
  it is also possibly that if the government loses the appeal in december then a further delay might be needed depending on what kind of legislation gets put to parliament and how easily it passes through the houses . 
  i 're read articles stating that the government will put forward a very short ( 3 line ? ), 
  `` amendment proof '' bill in order to prevent any delays , in the event of the government losing the appeal but i 'm not sure how such a bill would work . 
  presumably the purpose of the bill would be to get parliament to grant the government the powers that the courts ( potentially ) rule they do n't have but the success of that would depend on whether parliament agrees with the court ruling or the government 's lawyers . 
  i could easily see the collective mind of parliament thinking `` the courts have said we have the power , we 're not about to just give it away because of a 3 line bill '' and therefore arguing that voting down the bill would n't be voting against brexit but instead simply voting to not give the executive even more power than it already has . 
  water is a way to keep phosphorus from spontaneously combusting . 
  also if it was buried under stand or deep enough under water then it would likely be kept cool enough and dark enough to slow down its transformation to red phosphorus . 
  for those now curious as to why you might not want to look . 
  you 'll get graphic images of injuries sustained from white phosphorus munitions . 
  not in favour of ranking nations in such a jingoistic way but the industrial revolution certainly had a massive impact on europe . 
  certainly there 's a tendency to rank the importance of the arts and philosophy but just because technology is everywhere does n't mean that it should be overlooked . 
  not just the uk though , the modern technological world ( and therefore europe also ) has been shaped by all the european nations . 
  malta taller than denmark !, 
  but compared to estonia , latvia and lithuania the netherlands is rough terrain and compared to denmark the netherlands is like the himalayas !, 
  i 'm actually surprised that the usa scores as it does . 
  there are genuine concerns that a constitutional crisis is looming in the us and while other countries in that category maybe be up to some stupid shit their political systems are n't in imminent danger of breaking . 
  or is more about economic matters than political ? 
   just do n't start believing that it 's some sort of perfect utopia . 
  translation : `` please do n't come here and ruin our paradise '' ? 
  23 per 100,000 where the population if 50,030 ( according to wikipedia ) so 11.5069 people . 
  they must have half a person in prison or one person in prison half the time . 
  if it was just 11 people in prison it the number would be 22 , if 12 it would be 24 . 
  alternatively they could have just named them all , there 's enough room on the graphic . 
  you have my sympathies, 
  have you seen our current pm ? 
  true but that 's not really recent . 
  true but i do n't think a scientist has risen to the level of pm ( at least in recent times ) . 
  wikipedia says she 's fluent in russian, 
   ( the physicist ) merkel i 'd never checked out her pre-political career before . 
  can she come to the uk and be our pm please ? 
  that article , from nearly a month ago , was an analysis of what sort of brexit people favour . 
  it does n't address the issue of overall support for brexit waning : http://www.cityam.com/267647/brexit-regret-country-would-vote-remain-eu-referendum-held, 
   the moment opinion polls show a lack of support for brexit , the uk negotiators will go for the softest brexit possible ; while polls show a reasonable support for brexit , the govt will push for a hard brexit - that 's all you need to know . 
  all the recent polls have shown support for brexit in the minority but no sign of may softening her stance . 
  yes , they 're just not in a position to do anything to stop this shit-show . 
   theresa may as not looked for , several newspapers , today , have reported the opposite https://www.thetimes.co.uk/edition/news/desperate-may-asks-lib-dems-for-help-to-win-crucial-votes-gavin-barwell-cxd09hdg9 http://www.standard.co.uk/news/politics/theresa-may-now-said-to-be-turning-to-lib-dems-for-support-a3579036.html http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/theresa-may-liberal-democrats-nhs-rescue-plan-co-operation-social-services-public-prime-minister-a7822171.html, 
  your argument only focuses on the un 's negatives . 
  i do n't think anyone would claim that the un is perfect but it has had a lot of success in disease control , famine relief , the prosecution of war crimes and it provides a platform for nations to engage in regular open diplomacy . 
  when the league of nations failed , as a result of wwii , the world leaders did n't go `` oh , well that was a useless endeavour . 
  let 's just move on . '', 
  no , they concluded that it had some benefit and could be done better and formed the un .
