uk please do n't take this as an invitation to actually split the world in half ... 
  i do n't think we have plans to do that . 
  there 's still plenty of us that do n't want to split form the eu . 
  the court hearing is scheduled for december, 
  does n't iceland have a better claim to the oldest democracy title ? 
  if a fascist like farage ever gets into power i 'm fleeing to iceland . 
  trying to intimidate the judiciary would get you thrown in jail in the uk and what the likes of the daily mail , the sun , and now farage are doing are starting to look like intimidation . 
   it was about reinforcing the supremacy of the will of the people there is no such thing under uk law . 
  parliament is supreme , not the electorate . 
  for example : while the electorate has the power to elect an mp it has no power to recall one . 
  once a parliament is elected it is supreme until the next general election . 
  organising a demonstration to parliament is one thing but organising a demonstration to the courts because of a sound ( i wo n't say correct because there will be an appeal ) ruling is just intimidation and trying to undermine the rule of law . 
  there is no mechanism by which a country can be thrown out of the eu against the will of its government . 
  the eu can suspend a country but only if that country is demonstrably blocking the functioning of the eu . 
  therefore if the uk somehow decided to stay/failed to leave and the government continued to try to work with the eu then there would be no grounds for suspension . 
  taking both articles into context for translation into english : `` jeremy corbyn has no idea what the labour party will do because he 's only the party 's leader and not actually in control of anyone . '', 
  i 'm desperately hoping that politics will go back to being boring after the us election . 
  the `` interesting '' alternative looks to be extremely curse-like . 
  note : `` may you live in interesting times '' appears to be of british rather than chinese origin ... interestingly it dates back to the 1930s . 
  really hoping we 're not headed for those interesting times again . 
  twitter is overrun with russian pro-trump bots though http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-37684418, 
  as the referendum was split pretty much down the middle , it 's clear that we do n't know what we want . 
  and as opinions seem to be changing it shows that it 's both even clearer that we do n't know what we want and that continued polling is important . 
  i 'm not sure the labour whip will be even remotely effective as the party seems close to splitting already . 
  they can stop a law if the law falls outside of the purview of the parliament act . 
  however i would think that may could invoke the parliament act in this case because the referendum and commitment to carry out the result was in the tories ' manifesto . 
  there have been a couple of polls , they 're pretty balanced , statistical ties , but both have been slightly in favour of remain . 
  they are supposed to be making decisions that they consider the best for britain but they are also answerable to their constituents at the next election . 
  i would imagine many mps will be facing a tough decision when it comes votes on brexit related matters . 
  yeah , i think that by-election is going to be much more interesting now and even more significant . 
  if the lib dem candidate campaigns on a remain ( and stop heathrow ) platform and wins , what signal will that send to other mps . 
  there are already signs that people are starting to go off the idea of brexit . 
   just that you think there should be a referendum to find out what people think . 
  just that you 're desperately trying to find a way to heal the rift within your party and hope the what the people think will solve it . 
  the could , in theory , impose conditions on when a50 could be invoked , such as the economy not being in the toilet or that certain negotiating preconditions were in place , such as financial passporting rights . 
  the latter scenario could create a situation where a50 would n't be invoked until the eu agreed to something but the eu refusing to agree to anything until a50 invoked . 
  if you do n't like marmite you must be doing it wrong !, 
  a recent opinion poll was basically a tie ( although slightly in favour of remaining ) so we do n't know either . 
  i ca n't read ft articles . 
  yeah , she 's said that a lot publicly , and her time as home secretary she was very vocal against the the echr , saying she wanted to leave the echr , which all sounded very euro-skeptic but someone unearthed a speech , to a private audience , where she talked about how leaving the eu would be a disaster for britain that flew in the face of her public comments . 
  i 'm not sure many people actually know what may 's dreams are . 
  before and after the referendum she was seen as a half-hearted campaigner for remain , and people suspected that she was a secret leaver , but since then some speeches have come to light that indicates that she was more passionately pro-eu than her campaigning suggested . 
  i do n't think it will be a case of `` mps voting against it '' , what is more likely to happen is that there will be a bill put forward to grant the government the power to invoke a50 but that bill could be amended ( either by the commons or lords ) stipulating that certain preconditions must be met before invocation , such as strength of the economy or maybe the guarantee of passporting rights for the city . 
  this would be a situation where mps technically voted for brexit but in practical terms killed it dead ( economic conditions never met , or `` eu wo n't negotiate passporting until a50 is invoked , uk wo n't invoke until passporting has been secured , for example ) . 
  the upcoming by-election could become very interesting . 
  if memory serves that constituency voted remain but goldsmith was a leaver . 
  if a50 was going to be a prerogative then the difference in opinion was n't so relevant but if parliament is going to decide then it suddenly becomes a campaign issue . 
  and any mp elected after the referendum could argue that he/she is bound by policies they were elected on , not the referendum result itself . 
  actually , if brexit were somehow not to happen , i think there might close enough to the right amount of bad blood to create some positive change . 
  if brexit is analogous to a divorce then this scenario would be `` staying together for the kids '' . 
  regardless of whether the uk leaves the eu has to face up to the fact that it 's been ignoring nationalistic sentiment across the eu . 
  while it certainly should n't bow to isolationist extremism it has to find a way for people to constructively feel that their national identities are respected and protected . 
  and from the uk perspective , if it found in unfeasible to leave , it would have to face up to the fact that it ca n't just blame the eu for its own failings . 
  i do n't necessarily think this will cause brexit people too much annoyance . 
  after all it would n't be stopping brexit , only stopping may invoking a50 without a parliamentary vote . 
  of course , parliament could vote to never invoke a50 but i 'm not convinced that 's as likely as people make out . 
  certainly the majority of mps favour staying in the eu but most mps believe in the principles of democracy and wo n't want to go against the will of the people , even before we get to worrying about their political futures . 
  having said that , i could see a situation where parliament passes a bill allowing the prime minister to invoke a50 but only when certain economic and diplomatic conditions are met , and that could effectively scupper brexit . 
  similar to the uk 's attempt to join the euro , entry conditions were set but ultimately never met and eventually the whole idea was scrapped . 
  regardless of the decision ( or even no decision ) the next step would be the uk supreme court - it 's highly unlikely either side would accept defeat and therefore would appeal . 
  one would imagine that if the the pro-eu side lost at the uk supreme court they would appeal to the ecj or maybe echr ( as one of the arguments hinges on whether the government , without the say of parliament , can strip uk eu citizens of their eu citizenship ) . 
  it would be somewhat amusing though if the government lost and then appealed to the ecj/echr . 
  that would be very weird and scary if it were that . 
  he was in london at the time , he only fled to the embassy after the warrant was issued . 
  assange was in the uk when sweden issued their arrest warrant , because it 's easier for the us to extradite someone from sweden than the uk ? 
  assange 's claims are weaker than `` the dog ate my homework '' . 
  she was refusing for some weeks to allow a parliamentary debate , only relented in the last few days her mind at the weekend . 
  does theresa may not wanting parliament to debate brexit plans not count as trying to shut down the debate or is n't she a noteworthy person ? 
   there are n't any scared leavers trying to stop the debate . 
  you should check r/ukpolitics sometime , these people do exist . 
  i 'm not saying the article 's conclusions are wrong but there was ( it 's toned down a lot now ) a lot of `` shut up we won '' rhetoric going on in that sub for some weeks after the result and people still get called `` remoaners '' whenever they criticise how brexit preparations are being carried out . 
  it 's hard to say it has any real negative influence at all . 
  maybe eastern european migrants do take some jobs but government studies say that the boost to the economy creates more than are lost . 
  deprived regions in the uk benefit from eu regional development funds . 
  and the bugbear of migrants from the middle east has nothing to do with the eu anyway . 
  the sovereignty argument seems to be mostly to do with national pride as there is no real evidence that any eu regulation has been outside the range of normal uk government good/bad decisions . 
  in any case , a recent opinion poll has suggested that are are now more pro-eu people in the uk than anti-eu . 
  * sighs *, 
   people have to be really disconnected from reality have you met boris johnson , david davis or liam fox ? 
  they are pretty mush the definition of disconnected from reality . 
  the more popular uk newspapers have been broadly anti-eu for 20 years , couple that with the fact that the eu has always been a convenient scapegoat to blame whenever something goes wrong and the eu never effectively advertises its successes ( at least in the uk ) . 
  so i think it 's easy for busy people to simply accept what they hear as the truth without bothering to verify . 
  some do yes . 
  just like there are plenty of americans that believe donald trump . 
  i would add that up until recently the uk capped the number of uk students entering universities but not overseas students , which were essentially a private transaction and not any of the government 's business . 
  despite being free to take foreign students many universities wanted to take more uk students than the government allowed . 
  some universities even got fined for breaking the rules on student caps . 
  the number of foreign students in the uk has never been a threat to the number of uk students and is generally seen to compliment a university 's international standing to have a good mic of uk and foreign students ( and research ) . 
  please tell me that all this is just a nuffield science class and the experiment will be over soon . 
  some expats were n't allowed to vote in the referendum so they tried to sue for that to be changed and lost . 
  this all happened in the months leading up tot he referendum . 
  i do n't recall the exact cuttoff but i think it was only expats that had been living abroad for less than 15 years were allowed to vote in the referendum . 
  the same rule applies for general elections too but it seems that the government is going to scrap that limit now ( if only they 'd done it before the referendum it might have made a ( small ) difference ) . 
   remember , it was a referendum , not a politician , and one with high turnout . 
  it was also a referendum that split the country almost 50/50 ( 52 to 48 ) , the referendum does not speak for all british people , it barely speaks for half of them . 
  furthermore the referendum did n't create people 's opinions it merely exposed them , feelings that are by no means unique to the uk either , the swiss voted , also in a referendum , to limit free movement before the uk did , the national front in france have been around for decades , and there are anti-eu or anti-immigration movements in most eu countries . 
  the eu was supposed to bring us together but right now it seems to be driving us apart . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm passionately in favour of the eu but it 's failing at one of its core objectives at the moment , and has been for some time . 
  the uk is n't the cause of this , the situation in the uk is a symptom of this . 
  the eu hails its successes , bringing in new european countries into the union , and rightly so , this success extends to turkey considering membership , but the failures of this `` ever closer union '' are ignored .
