  if the un was as useless as you claim then countries would be abandoning it in doves . 
  the un is the infrastructure that underpins modern international diplomacy and when things go wrong it is more a comment about the state of un member states ' desire to abuse the system than the system itself . 
  if a drive drives along a road recklessly and to fast , and as a result crashes it 's the driver 's fault , not the road 's . 
  as for your level of reasoning . 
  your cherry picking of un failures is about as rigorous as looking at the usa 's military track record : failed to defeat north korea , lost to vietnam , needed the help of allies to win in iraq and afghanistan . 
  clearly by your logic , the usa is pathetically weak militarily and only a fool would think otherwise . 
  ( btw : the truce between north and south korea is a treaty between n.korea , china and the united nations . ), 
  or , more recently : theresa may was an ineffective home secretary and has been a disaster as prime minister , unable to bring non-eu migration to under 100k , failed on her policy on grammar schools , unable to invoke a50 without suffering a successful legal challenge , and a car crash of a general election campaign that she instigated that saw a 20 point lead wiped out in only a few week . 
  by your logic anyone who supports may is a moron . 
  oh , please . 
  the old * people who disagree with me are morons * line of of reasoning . 
  is that the best you can do ? 
  maybe you should n't be questioning the intellectual capabilities of the people who disagree with you but instead have a more honest assessment of your own mental faculties . 
  you 're no better than the people who claim that brexiteers are stupid . 
   return a few boats to libya and nobody will pay the smugglers any more . 
  except that that 's against un law , which is why no country with a shred of international credibility does it, 
   you ca n't credit this to the eu . 
  there was peace for many years before the eu , and commerce is perfectly possible without the eu . 
  the eec was created in 1958 , 13 years after wwii ... the game between wwi and wwii was 21 years . 
  from the inception of the eec to now is 57 years . 
  your assertion that there were many years of peace , based on prior periodicity of conflicts in europe is false . 
  you say that it has n't helped create peace simply because you do n't want it to be true . 
   the flemish and the walloons dislike each other ? 
  why ? ... 
  the disagreements between the walloons and flemings dates back near 200 years , well over a century before the eec or eu existed . 
  to claim this is the fault of the eu or that the eu has somehow perpetuated this is just another ecample of mental gymnastics to blame the eu for stuff it is not responsible for . 
   what would happen is that there would be a cascade of border closings , and greece and italy would realise that if they do n't stop the migrants they 'd be stuck with them , and police their borders . 
  and they would likely then be in violation of un treaties and face sanctions and consequently damage their economies . 
  the balkan actions only worked because alternate routes existed . 
  for complete success you would need to plug up all routes , which might be difficult within the eu but impossible if all the nations had no proper political alliance . 
  and in any case , to think that internal land borders within europe would make a difference , just look at the hassle we have dealing with the few points of transit between france and the uk , it would be impossible ( as america had found ) to police large land borders and prevent huge numbers of migrants slipping through . 
  it 's also worth noting that if italy , for example , had no treaties with respect to migrants leaving its territory over land borders to the rest of europe it would have no incentive to enforce its border for people wanting to leave . 
  this is what turkey has done , rather than have an immigrant crisis of its own it 's simply let migrants pass through its territory unhindered . 
  so the lack of eu borders being the cause of the migrant crisis is demonstrably false . 
  ps : before you comment about eec v eu . 
  the eu is what the eec evolved into and is the direct continuation in purpose and philosophy of the eec . 
  to foster peace through political and economic cooperation . 
  not really . 
  the point of the eu was to create peace in europe through commerce rather than the threat of military response , which it has arguably achieved as we 've had the longest period without the big western european nations having a go at each other in centuries . 
  nato exists primarily counter the threat from russia rather than foster peace in western europe . 
  furthermore the migrant crisis has nothing to do with the existence of the eu but all to do with the economic success and prosperity of eu nations in relation to other accessible neighbours to people in wore torn middle east and northern africa . 
  the eu does n't create an especially easy legal system for migrants compared to other countries , it merely operates in accordance with un treaties that most countries have signed up to . 
  the eu could cease to exist tomorrow and it would n't stop the flood of migrants and refugees from heading to greece and italy . 
  all that would then happen is that greece and italy would be unable to cope , their economies would get even worse and then the flow of migrants into the rest of europe would also include greeks and italians searching for a better life as well . 
  if you had to choose between no roaming fees and no war , which would you choose ? 
  so which eu law were the german police enforcing then ? 
  really ? 
  the eu has always been a supporter of civil liberties , they may come down hard on monopolistic practices of businesses , and arguably sometimes wrongly in favour of businesses but they 've never been on the side of state governments invading the private lives of citizens . 
  withdrawal from the echr clearly has the implication that there are rights protected by the echr that the uk government does n't want in the uk . 
  if the uk wanted more rights protection it could add them alongside the echr . 
  the eu is actually going the opposite way to may with regards to the internet , seeking to back the right to use end-to-end encryption - something that may wants to ban . 
  theresa may has repeatedly argued that the uk should withdraw from the echr , has seen through a bill enabling mass data capture for surveillance purposes and , more recently , advocated putting controls on the internet ( potentially as restrictive as the great firewall of china ) and even controlling access to online news sources . 
  them = human rights our government says that human rights are something the eu does and we want out of the eu therefore we must not want human rights . 
  human rights are n't important in the uk any more , our wonderful government wants to get rid of as many of them as possible . 
  but apparently free icecreams for poor people means stealing icecreams from rich people . 
  according to a rather loud group of people in the uk that would be communism though . 
  temperatures above 25 should be banned . 
  i want to move to ireland now, 
  does jo cox 's murder not count as a terrorist attack ? 
  have you seen the state of our politicians ?!, 
  swap your politicians for ours and maybe we 'll give you the elgin marbles back ... ( ok , the elgin marbles and gibraltar ), 
  as an englishwoman i want to resent that but ... * sobs *, 
   90 % leave and 10 % remain more like `` 90 % leave and 0 % remain '', 
  leave.eu ? 
  by that logic , only 58 % of the electorate voted against the conservatives so clearly they should n't be in power . 
  people do n't vote for manifestos , let alone individual manifesto commitments , most do n't even read them . 
  support for a parties does not correlate to support for a specific policy : the conservatives secured 42 % of the vote . 
  do 42 % of the electorate support fox hunting ? 
  no , polls put support for fox hunting at around 10 % . 
  if you think support to a party equates to support for a specific policy then you 're an idiot . 
  after recent elections and surveys i think the majority opinion in the uk is that the people who set this up had it facing the wrong way ( 52 % of the electorate voted against may and a recent survation poll showed that 51 % of the public are in favour of remaining in the eu ) . 
  i recognised it by the regency architecture and the proliferation of potholes . 
  that looks like cheltenham high street . 
  i know it 's reddit but as there are actual fascists out there we should at least try to not use the label incorrectly , even here . 
  it 's not fascism , it 's authoritarianism . 
  fascism is a specific political ideology located on the authoritarian right of the political spectrum . 
  authoritarianism can come in a range of right-left flavours , such as communism on the far left . 
  considering the posts at the centre of this case were themselves fascistic in nature i think the best political label you could attach to the ruling would be anti-fascist , which tends to be authoritarian to the extent that they oppose allowing people to express fascist ideologies . 
  compared to china , north korea , vietnam ? 
  the political spectrum is n't infinite with a relative centre , there is an absolute centre and there are several european countries that are very much right-wing : russia being most the most notable example . 
  according to relativity , it 's not the world that 's centred around you , that 'd be silly , it 's the ( observable ) universe that has you at it 's shining centre . 
  currently the uk has a right-wing government , so we 're to the right of normal right now . 
  i feel your pain and raise it . 
  why is the uk leaving the eu ? 
  sometimes i look in the mirror , ask myself that question and cry . 
   why is europe so liberal the answer is simple , it 's not , it 's just that the usa is batshit crazy off to the right that the centre looks extreme . 
  true but france is n't the eu , it 's just part of it . 
  under obama and bush the us was pursuing comprehensive trade deals so not being explicitly protectionist . 
  trump has repeated stated he wants to break those deals and adopt protectionist policies instead . 
  it 's not protectionism in the conventional sense , such as trump 's `` american first '' policies . 
  protectionism would always give advantage to the country or block implementing the policy , even if other countries agreed to follow the rules . 
  you just have to compare america 's current policies of walking back from comprehensive trade agreements with the eu 's continuing policy of trying to negotiate more of them . 
  every country on the planet is welcome to join in with the eu club , either by direct eu memberships , membership of the eea or via comprehensive trade deals . 
  that 's not protectionism, 
  not really . 
  it 's globalisation through regulation rather than globalisation through deregulation . 
  the eu is happy to trade with anyone just as long as they play by a fair set of rules . 
  quite frankly it 's probably the only way globalisation can possibly work without fucking over everyone who is n't a 1 % er . 
  she is on the left of that list , i think the order within the list is relevant ( she 's on the right of the list on frosty with russia ) . 
  i think technically her policy stance is `` save the planet for rich people '' .
