  ttip is , in terms of scope and complexity , almost without parallel . 
  and while confidentiality is the norm for smaller deals the eu has never entered into such complex negotiations under such secrecy before . 
  the eu itself is the most complex trade deal of all time but each stage of that meta-deal , each treaty , was done in the public eye . 
  even though the various treaties , mastricht , lisbon , etc , were conducted confidentally information was released to the public at key stages before during and after the deals were concluded . 
  it 's not the secrecy itself that 's the problem it 's the secrecy coupled with the scale ( both in terms of time , complexity and impact on national sovereignty ) . 
  even the nuclear disarmament negotiations during the cold war were n't conducted under this level of overarching secrecy . 
  with the disarmament talks they were done in stages , each stage conducted in secret but then the results of each stage being made public before the next stage started . 
  there is absolutely no democratic precedent for such secrecy on such a large , complex , far reaching deal . 
  so it 's entirely without our rights as voters to say that the level of secrecy is a step too far . 
  it only became public because it was leaked . 
  as far as i can tell , it was originally supposed to be a trade deal that could be voted on solely by the eu parliament but it grew into something that now requires individual nations to approve it . 
  i would guess it 's the arbitration court bit that would amount to a treaty change , as it infringes on existing demarcation lines of national sovereignty . 
  because you ca n't scrutinise it if you do n't have full information on it . 
  i do to ones where voter scrutiny is effectively inevitable . 
  sometimes things have to be done in secret but it 's folly to expect to do something in secret and then expect voters to vote on it . 
  and i say that voter scrutiny is effectively inevitable because of the way the eu works . 
  the us government may be able to proceed without voter input but for ttip to be ratified by the eu it has to be passed by all 28 ( 27 ) member states and some of those states will expose their deliberations to their voters . 
  ttip was a deal between more-or-less equals , one would assume that in any us-uk negotiations the us would press their advantage for a more us-biased deal . 
  it could be a sad irony for the uk if it goes for a comprehensive bi-lateral trade deal with the us it could mean that the uk goes from being an equal partner in the eu to being a whipping boy for the us . 
  all in the name of regaining sovereignty . 
  unsure if it would have swung it . 
  certainly ttip was a campaign point of the leave campaign but even before the election there were countries making strong indications that ttip would be vetoed . 
  although maybe leave voters did n't pay much attention to that . 
  the uk government was certainly pushing for the ttip but it did n't have popular support for it . 
  the uk voters seem to hate ttip as much as any other voter in the eu . 
  one could argue that any country that gets to vote on ttip has a duty to vote against it in order to demonstrate that politicians ca n't expect to do things in secret and then expect the public to just simply sign off on it . 
  you forgot donald trump and his cronies . 
  and how long ago was it that the uk government fabricated intelligence reports and took us into an unjust war ? 
  not that that is related to human rights but it demonstrates trustworthiness . 
  the whole point of the proposed legislation is that the uk government thinks that the echr gives us a legal protections that the government does n't think we have a right to . 
  you think it 's better to have a `` bill of rights '' that can be changed at the whim of whatever government is in power or better to have a consistent set of rights that remain in place consistently ? 
  different government , the hra was passed under blair , theresa may got annoyed when some possible terrorist deportations got delayed by 10ish years , that 's when the idea of scrapping the hra and leaving the echr started to be floated . 
  basically the uk government wants more say about what rights people in the uk have or do n't have . 
  note : both abu hamza and abu qatada were eventually deported once the echr was satisfied that they would be treated fairly in the countries they were being deported to ( the us and lebanon , respectively ) . 
  wow , you trust the uk government to protect your rights ? 
  how sweet !, 
  actually , that 's the intention . 
  the reason for this is to get away from the echr because the current government does n't agree with certain echr rulings . 
  this was partially inspired by the uk 's attemps to deport abu qatada and abu hamza when theresa may was home secretary . 
  in the case of abu qatada the echr blocked qatada 's extradition to lebanon on the grounds that evidence obtained via torture would be used at his trial . 
  eventually lebanon signed a treaty saying that evidence obtained via torture would n't be used and qatada was then deported . 
  in the case of abu hamza the echr initially blocked extradition on the grounds that the quality of life in a us maximum security prison would amount to inhumane treatment . 
  the court 's final ruling was that it was n't inhumane and he was deported . 
  although both were eventually deported , it took 11 years to deport abu qatada and 10 years to deport abu hamza , which prompted theresa may to start talking publicly about leaving the echr . 
  note : sorry , using echr and for the convention and court . 
   oh , found the brit . 
  was i supposed to be hiding ? 
  is this simply because most countries ' financial services gravitate to their capital cities while a lot of germany 's gravitate to frankfurt ? 
   you are speaking bullshit about immigration , i support anyone who wishes to come here and become austrian i 'm not suggesting that you are anti-immigration but the anti-immigrant rhetoric in the uk has increased significantly since the referendum . 
  i met several eu nationals through work or socially in the uk and they fit into uk culture just fine . 
  you 'd never know their country of origin other than their accents but that does n't stop some people here calling for their expulsion from the uk . 
  from your comments perhaps , if you were a uk citizen or the referendum had happened in austria , you would applaud the result but also be shocked by the way its emboldened xenophobia . 
  i never said or tried to imply that you were a nazi . 
  there 's a huge difference between nationalism and rampant nationalism . 
  the driving force behind the common market , now the eu , was to find a peaceful way to ensure that rampant nationalism could never cause another pan-european war , so it 's valid to mention wwii in that context . 
  i 'm proud to be british , there 's no other country i 'd rather be a citizen of , but since the brexit vote there has been a resurgence in the ugly side of extreme nationalism . 
  campaigns to `` drive the poles out '' forgetting the uk 's history , that in the battle of britain , described by churchill as `` britain 's finest hour '' it was poles , for than any other foreign nation , that fought and died to keep british skies free . 
  i meant within the timescale of shortly after the closing ceremony ,, 
  so instead go for the jingoistic lies that one nation is better than another . 
  no thanks . 
  forget going back to wellington , you only have to go back less than a 100 years to see what happens when rampant nationalism takes hold . 
  to be honest , most of our heroes fought and died fighting each other in centuries of european conflicts , so yeah , i 'd like to see that stop , an economic boost would be good too . 
  you 're right about the medals though , do n't give a damn about olympic medals . 
  the uk used to do it with ni terrorists . 
  i assume the negative publicity they generated is why the uk did n't do it from the outset with other terrorist criminals . 
  but then we 'd get less medals . 
  we can only top the medal table by staying as a supernational entity . 
  sometimes it 's great to see someone make their `` spot the obvious '' roll , 
  it happens , sometimes events overrun past the closing ceremony , sometimes a drug test comes back and disqualifications mean medals get redistributed . 
  nothing to apologise for , you made a valid point . 
  my intention was to be unbiased but it 's easy to incorrectly phrase something . 
  personally , i 'm in favour of the uk remaining in the eu but i think that should it require a parliamentary vote be needed to invoke a50 it will be very difficult to predict what happens . 
  the conservatives might view such a vote as fulfilling a manifesto commitment , for example , or such a bill might need to contain provisions protecting the good friday agreement against the event that an exit agreement is n't agreed within 2 years , then there could be other amendments that could radically alter the legislation 's passage through parliament , including further delays/amendments by the house of lords ( although i expect the parliament act would be invoked if the lords tried to stop it completely as i suspect the government would claim a manifesto commitment ) . 
  i should have said `` will of the people , as they would likely see it '' . 
  it was n't my intention to argue one way or another about the margins in the referendum . 
  and i completely agree that the referendum has been incredibly divisive . 
  most estimates/surveys put the ratio of pro to anti europe mps and lords to be about 6:1 but that does n't necessarily mean that it wo n't happen as many mps will likely conclude that they have to put the will of the people above their personal views , if a50 were to be invoked by an act of parliament . 
  ( of course if the royal prerogative is used to invoke a50 then 100 % of pms involved are pro-eu but that does n't mean that may wo n't invoke ), 
  at least we 're agreed on it being a mess , 
  great to see that the referendum has done some good . 
  just need to find a way for the uk to get out of this mess ( and stay in the eu ) . 
  of course . 
  it 's just there seems to be the opinion in uk , i do n't know whether it 's generated by the media or from within the uk government , that only france and germany matter in the negotiations . 
  personally i do n't it going well if that 's really how the uk government intends to approach the negotiations . 
  i think , from the uk perspective , rightly or wrongly , they see the france and germany being the key players in brexit negotiations due to the size of their economies . 
  also france has it 's own euro-skeptic political debate and the uk fears that if it kicks up a fuss before the french elections it could tip any new french government into a more hardline anti-uk stance . 
  or like the uk joining the euro-zone ... we 'll join ... we 'll join when the time is right ... oh bugger it , let 's just carry on as before . 
  the eu parliament still has to vote on the treaty and if the makeup of the parliament that negotiated the treaty is n't the one that gets to vote on it then it could conceivably be voted down . 
  more importantly that could push the 2 year exit period to past the eu 2019 elections , which could mean that the uk/eu does nearly 2 years of negotiations and then the eu elects a new parliament that rejects the nearly-formed deal . 
  this has been pointed out a reason for why a50 would have to be invoked either in early 2017 or delayed until god-knows-when ( delaying to avoid the 2019 eu elections brings the 2020 uk elections into play meaning a50 invocation could become the responsibility of the next government ) . 
  from a purely argumentative , hypothetical and philosophical perspective , setting aside the ( im ) practicalities of enforcement , why should the right to free speech extend to lying ? 
  setting aside opinion , accidental lying and lack of proof , should we have a right to lie ? 
  there are already situations ( fraud , obtaining money by deception , perjury , perverting the course of justice , etc ) where lying is considered legally/criminally unacceptable and we do n't usually see claims that those laws are encroachments on the right to free speech . 
  no , the brexit camp will more likely say `` it wo n't happen because we free now '' , `` it was going to happen anyway even if we stayed in '' , `` we do n't need or even want those businesses anyway '' . 
  summer pretty much . 
  personally i find the best time go sightseeing in the scottish countryside is the spring , it 's relatively dry and if you opt for early spring you can get a nice mix of snow and non-snowy landscape . 
  plus no midges . 
  just do n't visit during midge season . 
  british warheads on american missiles . 
  michael howard will just carry a nuke over in his luggage .
