  yeah , i was thinking that i 've drunk in more pubs on the north west coast than are marked there , although some might technically be hotels that server as defacto pubs for towns and villages . 
  but were they [ this colour ] ( http://www.colorcombos.com/images/colors/400303.png ) ? 
   burgundy passports nothing wrong with burgundy passports , try having a social life at school when forced to wear a maroon blazer through your formative years . 
  it takes a lot of time and effort to gather reliable data and perform the sophisticated analysis required to produce these results . 
  we 'll be lucky if we see the 2017 data before 2020 . 
  i do n't dislike juncker and it 's still hilarious . 
  also it 's good to have it confirmed from a reliable source that may is n't an elephant , there were doubters before this . 
  yes , as others have said , farage was a commodities trader before moving into politics . 
  `` the city '' , aka the city of london is a small ( very small ) part of london . 
  it 's not slang term , it 's a genuine city ( there 's also a city of westminister ) . 
  london as a whole is properly known as greater london . 
  basically cities within a city . 
  the city of london is where most of the uk 's financial services is based . 
  as someone who lived and worked in london during `` the troubles '' , who worked with and has friends caught up in those attacks . 
  go fuck yourself you ignorant twat . 
  it 's not ancient history . 
  the median age of europe is 42 , so half the population is old enough to remember what it was like back then ( even if they were children ) . 
  yes , every victim of violence is a tragedy but europe has endured worse , a lot worse and within living memory too . 
  it 's probably an extrapolation of dna variation as ancient humans migrated across europe . 
  if a particular dna marker in one form is linked to norway or sweden x years ago , and a different variation of the marker is linked to britain y years ago , someone with a marker that 's halfway between the two must have been from a time halfway between x and y and from doggerland ( because the similar markers around holland and belgium have a completely different marker at that time ) . 
  sorry , bad phrasing . 
  everyone in power assumed it was a sure thing . 
  cameron never thought he 'd lose and , arguably , johnson never thought he 'd win . 
  i meant laws governing what are national and international waters . 
  china is building artificial islands and then claiming that those islands allow it to claim more territorial water . 
  are there international legal implications with this ( looking at possible parallels with what china is doing with regards to artificial islands ) ? 
  nah , you 'll be able to use scotland for that , once it gains independence . 
  is this a significantly harder undertaking that what china is doing in the south china sea ? 
  i never knew this sub existed . 
  last year my best friend had her dna tested and it turned out that she 's from doggerland ( 46 % dna from doggerland ) . 
  i 'll tell her that her land still exists , if only in reddit or under the sea . 
  please do n't take it for granted . 
  everyone assume that the uk referendum would be a sure thing , just look at how that 's turning out . 
   her current title in relation to scotland is ` queen of the united kingdom ' . 
  she 's queen of scotland by virtue of its being in the uk . 
  although there is a prince of wales . 
  another curious issue would be what would elizabeth be called as monarch of an independent scotland . 
  for the united kingdom she 's elizabeth the 2nd because of elizabeth tudor was queen of england but elizabeth i was never queen of scotland . 
  up until now scotland has had to make do with calling her elizabeth ii but it 's unpopular to a degree . 
  would she become elizabeth i of scotland ? 
  scotland already has a regional parliament . 
  i ca n't imagine them , after campaigning for independence , deciding to give up their new won power and handing it to the queen . 
  the eu referendum campaign has given them a blueprint on how to win #exbrit ( thank you u/busypedro ) but it wo n't be pretty . 
  expect to see lots of `` take back control '' messages , etc. 
  one of those times when i wish i could upvote more than once . 
  actually , she seems more the sort that will invoke on schedule no matter what . 
  technically speaking , the quickest thing for the hoc to do would be to accept it ( unless it 's deemed to be wrecking ) , it would reduce the chance of ping pong . 
  do you mean that you have n't learned to tongue type ? 
  anglish comes from denmark , as does saxon . 
  we 'll be reduced to grunting . 
   it 's a loanword i hate that term . 
  every time it 's used i get worry that germany is going to repossess their words if we fail to make a payment . 
  i was chatting with an american friend who lives in alabama and she says that some locals there pronounce react as though it 's spelled `` reect '' rather than `` re\u00e4ct '' . 
  although they 're a bit fiddly to type i kind of like some of them , especially the coop v co\u00f6p type . 
  i know , schr\u00f6dinger is a proper noun , as is bront\u00eb , doppelg\u00e4nger is shape shifter from german folk lore but has become a common word in english as a generic terms for something/someone who looks like someone else . 
  i knew of some words like , `` caf\u00e9 '' , where the accent is used to denote a different sounding trailing e in english but not `` bront\u00eb '' , although the moment you type it into wikipedia it comes up . 
  learning so much trivia today , 
  i looked in the dictionary and it does seem to be a valid spelling for english words where two adjacent vowels belong to different syllables . 
  someone else found `` fa\u00e7ade '' and there 's also the old english spelling of `` the '' as '' \u16a6e '' . 
  just checked and we do so that 's another one , and looks like it 's still valid . 
  as for letters that have gone completely ( in english ) there 's '' \u16a6 '' , the thorn , a `` th '' sound - \u16a6e = the - and led to he modern `` ye old '', 
  i 've see `` naivet\u00e9 '' before but so it should be `` na\u00efvet\u00e9 '' ? 
  it seems to be used as an indicator that two adjacent vowels are part of separate syllables . 
  i suppose the modern alternative for some words like this is to use a hyphen instead , eg `` co-operative '' . 
  it seems to be used as an indicator that two adjacent vowels are part of separate syllables . 
  i suppose the modern alternative for some words like this is to use a hyphen instead , eg `` co-operative '' . 
  i 've seen '' \u00e9 '' in english but not '' \u00eb '' , '' \u00ef '' or '' \u00f6 '' , except for schr\u00f6dinger , however i have seen doppelg\u00e4nger in english , which has an '' \u00e4 '' in it . 
  curious for examples of , in english usage , words that use '' \u00eb '' , '' \u00ef '' or '' \u00f6 '' , or other words that use '' \u00e4 '' . 
  none that i could work out but i was only young . 
  but also the reason why the uk is leaving , the blaming went too far and the public believed it . 
  the truth is actually far worse , he was welsh . 
  when i was young my family used to regularly holiday in france , staying with a french couple who ran a hotel . 
  quite often my father would be chatting with the couple and other french friends in the hotel bar , they 'd all be speaking english ( as they all seemed keen on improving their language skill ) but the moment an american tourist came in they 'd all switch to speaking friend and feign ignorance of english , including my father ( who was english but could speak fluent french ) . 
  ... you find a lost or confused american tourist and `` help '' them by : a ) pretending not to understand them b ) giving them directions to somewhere that definitely is n't where they want to go c ) making up some ludicrous local `` fact '' and convincing them absolutely that it 's genuine . 
  d ) ignoring them completely all at the same time . 
  seaports are n't all they 're made out to be . 
  every country i know who has them ends up complaining all the time about seagulls . 
  blaming the eu for shit done by national governments is a popular pastime across the continent . 
  except that it was n't the odd extremist officials , it was government policy , they just were n't open about it like iran was . 
  [ they 've even finally admitted it ] ( http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/09/saudi-arabia-terrorism-funding-214241 ) , so it was n't a case of being their ally to help them rout out extremism , it was them pretending to be our ally while sponsoring terrorism against us . 
  it remains to be seen whether their admission is genuine and they are changing or whether this is just deflection so that they can continue their policy anew . 
  however if you remove the `` state '' bit and ignore whether it 's a government ministry funding terror or individuals , who may or may not just happen to be members of the royal family , saudi arabia is actually the largest sponsor of terrorism in the world . 
  scottish law is quite different from english/welsh law . 
  the scottish legal system even has an extra outcome within its criminal court proceedings , that of `` not proven '' . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scottish_criminal_law ) has a summary of some differences between scottish and english law . 
  interestingly that article states that scottish law relies more heavily on common law than does english law . 
  nyc is linked to birmingham - unsure which one i feel sorry for . 
  i 'm curious to see how my alabaman friend will react to that ( although she 's originally from illinois so will probably comment first on the spelling error ) . 
  it 's not a binary choice between appeasement and ostracism . 
  saying the former is bad does n't imply that the latter is the only approach . 
  probably theoretical sciences would be the last to be replaced . 
  ais would have to be genuinely creative thinkers before they could do this . 
  the performing arts , especially acting , could be quite durable . 
  certainly robots would be easier to direct but their performances would only be as good as the director 's vision . 
  actors bringing their own personal interpretation to roles will still be worthwhile . 
  creative arts could carry on for a while but there is already work going on into seeing what ais can do in terms of music and story generation based on a few key inputs . 
  however , the political classes will be the last to go because power is the last thing the people in power will give up . 
  except that it would take months or even years to go through the political and administrative processes of setting up , during which time the masses of unemployed , and probably also the economies of the eu members states , are put through hell . 
   the top down approach does n't really work that well . 
  or even at all .
