  the uk has , unfortunately , voted to leave , while iceland , norway and switzerland have never be convinced to fully join , france could potentially elect an anti-eu government next year and anti-eu movements have been growing across europe - brexit has caused a surge in eu-patriotism across europe recently but that 's unlikely to last and wo n't fix the problems . 
  the eu needs to do more , to be better , and to not ignore the anti-eu sentiment that already exists and seems to be growing . 
  it 's not about making concessions to the uk or other disaffected countries , concessions and compromise is how the eu works , is the only way any union of sovereign nations can work , but something news to be done . 
  and picking on the british because they voted to leave is n't the solution . 
  they tried . 
  they lost . 
  basically yes . 
  sometimes what 's right and what people want are n't the same . 
  that 's why we have have legal systems and not lynch mobs . 
  i think you could argue that the people 's revolutions that lead to communist states were populist in nature , even though the regimes they lead to were n't . 
  in fact , that 's the danger with populism , that people act on an idea that seems good at the time , without thinking it through , leading to violence and oppression . 
  i could give you an estimate for the number in the uk based on a recent referendum . 
   do n't let the eu flags fool you . 
  they are brits . 
  after the referendum i thought long and hard about whether to change my flair . 
  on the one hand i still think the eu is the best option we 've got for a super-national economic model for the 21st century and want the uk to be part of it , but on the other one of the accusations levelled by some leave campaigners is that remain voters are n't patriotic or that posting here with eu flair might be seen as somehow trying to hide . 
  on the bright side , she 's not donald trump - he seems to have ticked all 14 , although his ramblings make it difficult to be sure on some of them . 
  no , you 'd do that by making making companies publish a breakdown of number of employees in various salary bands . 
  the article mentions nothing about money , just about the number of foreigners . 
  basically :( well 52 % , there 's still 48 % of the country hoping that we can still find a way to be better than this . 
  most political parties accept that migration is an important part of the uk economy . 
  they do n't bother to explain that properly to the public . 
  so they talk tough about immigration , they sometimes make promises to cut immigration , but then never really do anything about it . 
  ukip is the only significant party to actually have policies close to zero net migration but beyond their significance as a protest/anti-eu party there is a lot of skepticism at their ability to form a coherent economic policy for the country if they were ever to form a government . 
  that cap only applied to students that the government ( part ) paid for . 
  overseas students ( or uk students who paid the full tuition cost ) were never capped . 
  i 've never understood the governments ' stance ( any of the recent governments ) on immigration . 
  it 's quite clear that governments have been quite prepared to accept the levels of migration that have happened , they 've never made any serious attempt to reduce migration ( non-eu migration ) , they never really bother to explain why they think migration levels are fine , and they 've never done something , which might be sensible , like exclude foreign students from migration figures . 
  i 'm not suggesting that any given migration level is either good or bad . 
  simply that successive governments seem to have adopted the approach that if they shut their eyes and stick their fingers in their ears all questions the public has over migration will somehow go away . 
  it 's not awkward . 
  people rent a mail address in an office block and file papers claiming that they 're a school of hire education . 
  this entitles them to offer places on courses to foreign students and for the students to apply for student visas . 
  the `` students '' get access into the uk and can then vanish , while the people running the fake school make a profit from the `` tuition fee '' paid by the student , which is little more than just a fee for facilitating a visa . 
  it 's basically people smuggling but done through bureaucracy rather than on a boat or in the back of a lorry . 
  that problem is n't about visas as such . 
  it 's more to do with poor regulation of what organisations get to call themselves universities/etc . 
  the government pretty much lets this slide for periods of time and anyone with enough will can set themselves up as a higher education institution and offer student places to overseas students , thus allowing those students to apply for visas . 
  periodically the government realises the system is being abused and purges the fake institutions . 
  would just be better all around if the authorities just policed this properly continually . 
  the universities will hate it , they rely on foreign students and research grants to balance the books . 
   he said he would use the donations to hire a legal team which would `` prosecute vote leave leaders based upon fraud , misconduct in public office , undue influence and , possibly , inciting racial hatred . '', 
  he 's not seeking to prosecuting them for lying . 
  not suggesting that he has a significant chance of succeeding though . 
  probably widely know but game of thrones receives funding from the european regional development fund . 
  uk has already said that it would ratify the deal https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/sep/20/theresa-may-uk-ratify-paris-climate-change-agreement-this-year unsure how this will be impacted on by brexit though . 
  the eu is due to work out a `` burden sharing '' deal between member states . 
  the three brexiteers are idiots !, 
  ( in case you were wondering ), 
  you were comparing relative craziness of the us and mexico . 
  europe is n't part of either ( although trump might try to annex europe if he becomes president ) . 
  for me it was mainly that i simply like europe . 
  * points to donald trump *, 
  the counter argument would be that without the usa the uk and/or france would have to significantly ramp up their nuclear arsenals in order to counter potential threats from russia . 
   this country from your flair i assume you mean the uk . 
  if the uk leaves the eu then it wo n't benefit from an eu army and will become even more reliant on its military alliance with the usa . 
  i 'm not sure of the origin of this type of expression but it 's common in humour or , in different contexts , as a soft/polite accusation . 
  you could read it as `` you are not a robber or are you ? '', 
  but it 's not often seen that way . 
  basically it 's setting a premise `` you are not a robber '' and then asking for confirmation , inferring doubt , that the person might actually be a robber . 
  the phrase `` you are a robber , are n't you ? '', 
  has a very similar meaning but is slightly more negative . 
  if i were using it in humour i would reserve this only for friends who would know without question that i was joking as it could be considered rude in more formal company as the assumed premise is that the person is a robber before casting it open for rebuttal, 
  oh come on , greenland seems pretty chill . 
  [ political compass ] ( https://www.politicalcompass.org/ ) is fairly commonly used in r/ukpolitics . 
  i 'm not entirely convinced it 's entirely accurate but still a good tool . 
  i think of the political spectrum as being 2-dimensional these days , authoritarian/libertarian being the 2nd dimension . 
  in such a system the authoritarian-right and authoritarian-left can be closer to each other than to liberterian-centre/centre right/centre left . 
  especially so when you consider that usually communism would he extreme-authoritarian/extreme-left while fascism is extreme-authoritarian/right not necessarily extreme-right . 
  although i have n't seen anyone plot china on political compass , my guess is that they 're now extreme-authoritarian and either main-stream left or centre-left , rather than extreme left . 
  perhaps around -5 ( economic ) / +9 ( social ) ( hitler would be about +2 / +9 , stalin would be -9 / +8 , and gandhi would be -6 / -3 - further from either then they were each other ), 
   you could add president duterte of the philippines with his death gangs yes , i intended to include him but forgot while formulating my thoughts on the others . 
  i 'm not sure that china is in the grip of the authoritarian right , as far as i can tell they 're still authoritarian left , which is similarly bad ( i wo n't say equally because the abuses of the right are different from the abuses of the left ) . 
  yes , i was torn there . 
  however it was fear of the kurds that he used when he failed to gain enough support in elections for his political plans to quickly call a 2nd election and boost his power . 
  the coup attempt was n't under his control , he simply appears to be taking full advantage of it . 
  globalisation at work, 
  socially conservative as tough on crime , wanting easy access to emails in the interests of national security , and the like . 
  and yes , many would argue that current tory policies do n't do that much for the unemployed , social deprivation and social mobility . 
  they 're not really against the free movement of people . 
  the government could reduce the number of migrants coming to the uk by cutting non-eu migration but they do n't . 
  it 's the uk public that want to curb migration . 
  as for controlled substances and regulation of the internet , that falls under law and order and national security . 
  the conservative party is economically liberal while being socially conservative . 
  religion does n't usually play a part in uk politics . 
  for a long time it was considered unwise for a politician to mention his/her religious beliefs . 
  unfortunately that seems to be changing now . 
  i think for a lot of tories it 's all about free markets , public held services are bad , non-interventionist government ideologies . 
  they want to take back control from the eu and then give up control completely ( except for law and order , and national security , obviously ) by deregulating everything . 
  yes , caught between the desire to keep it short but accurate , failed on the shortness but i feared if i just said that they were despicable someone would demand i explain why anyway . 
  but my post was reffing to both gove and * unt , it 's hard in a short post to get the relative levels of shittiness right . 
  there was a theory that boris was a genius pretending to be an idiot . 
  now though the accepted view is that boris is an idiot pretending to be a genius pretending to be an idiot . 
   they ca n't be all idiots , so why do they vote for the toupee ? 
  i would suggest that there is a world-wide trend in the rise of the far/hard right ( right-leaning populism , fascism and closely related ideologies ) . 
  putin in russia , erdogan in turkey , a general swelling of the ranks of the right in europe ( austria , france , uk and even germany ) , and even the likes of isil and al-qaeda could be argued to be authoritarian-right once you get passed the religious ideology ( having said that , the authoritarian right have always used religion/myth/legend to make their policies seem just ) . 
  trump seems to be the american representation of this trend . 
  when people talk about trump 's links to putin much of the exclaimed shock online seems to be incredulity as to why a far-right republican would want to talk to russia ( the red menace of old ) but russia is n't a left-leaning country any more , trump and putin have broadly similar political ideals . 
  this is n't reagan being friendly to gorbachev , this is more like hitler and mussolini - and yes i know about the `` parallels to hitler '' argument but both putin and trump tick many , if not all , of the boxes of fascist ideologies , military supremacy , xenophobia , right/far-right financial policies , aversion to dissenting opinions , trump even threw internment camps for religious minorities into the public debate , although he never actually suggested it as a policy . 
  i think the problems with fascist comparisons lie in that people tend to think of fascism as germany during wwii but if you look at the rise of fascism in the late 1920s and early 30s it bears a lot of similarities to the modern far-right 's rise in recent years - the claims that a country is weak and that a strong leader will make it great again , the externalization of a threat ( for germany it was the jews , for putin it 's terrorism , erdogan it 's the kurds , trump it 's terrorism and immigrants ) , the crack down on dissent ( journalism in russia is now a dangerous sport , media outlets have been shut down and journalists arrested in turkey , trump ( not in power ) has talked about suing newspapers for `` malicious intent '' for writing articles that disagree with him ) .
