in sweden , the old prime minister did it to destroy the socialist welfare system . 
  he wrote about it in his book ... that he then tried to have vanished . 
  he 's not very popular atm . 
  every time we try the running policies shift to the opposing team and double down in intensity . 
  currently all traditionally opposing parties have bandied together , simultaneously agreeing with each other to bully ` ze nazis ' while fervently attempting to convince the populace that everything is going very well and that everything will work out , because all people regardless of origin is a longterm source of profit . 
  meanwhile they 're discussing the matter of taking out loans to cope with the short term lack of funds for refugees . 
  we 'll just have to pay for all of them for the next twenty years or so and everything will be fine . 
  it 's all right-of-center politics from now on regardless of who we vote for . 
  venture capitalists froth in insane glee and the social justice passive aggressiveness reaches record heights . 
  recently the department of migration stated that they can handle the situation but ca n't guarantee what will happen in the longterm , in about four weeks . 
  edit : we apologise profusely for henrik arnstad . 
   only ... agreement schengen is fucked . 
  walls up , everyone !, 
  more as a way to be able to point to concrete facts . 
  the hard facts are usually obfuscated behind media whitewash . 
  no one wants to put all of this together , link causalities and say it in front of a camera . 
  i want to be able to point to irrefutable numbers and say ` this , this is what we 're doing ' . 
  any way of getting through , and to be able to repeat it once the numbers grow and grow . 
  the crime headlines come and go , and are slowly working their way into wider public opinion . 
  add more fuel , show the numbers . 
  the sweden democrats , a party steeped in far-right neo-nazi roots but lately transformed into the only political entity with a position against it , has grown from nothing to 13 % in later years . 
  polls have them at around 20-25 % now , closing in on becoming the second or even the largest party in the country . 
  media and the political establishment are portraying great confusion as to where all these ignorant voters are coming from . 
  the other seven parties , counter to each other in all other opinions and covering the entire left-to-right spectrum , bandied up and collectively announced that none of them would co-operate with the sd . 
  this was not popular . 
  the ad hominem to end all others , their rhetoric is insulting . 
  media opinion is polarizing between ` it 's all good ' to ` we 're all doomed ' . 
  our former prime minister , who opened this can of worms to the max , once wrote a book in which he says that ` mass immigration should be used to destroy the welfare system ' . 
  he famously held a speech where he implored the people to ` open their hearts ' and has since become a joke . 
  our current prime minister ( from an opposing end of the political spectrum ) recently held a speech mimicking the ` open your hearts ' speech . 
  he is a joke , and pm only because he was literally the only one in his party that wanted the job . 
  the issue is spoken of wildly , but will continue unhindered for at least three more years ( 100-300k a year ) . 
  around the water cooler nothing is said , but a lot of things go agreed . 
  nobody speaks of their political affiliations any more . 
  there 's still a shame factor attached to the sd . 
  no one votes for them , they keep growing . 
  everyone wonders why . 
  they 're a party filled with reactionary amateurs , but they 're the only anti-immigration party to exist . 
  they keep growing . 
  / r/sweden is a circlejerk of anti-asylum opinion . 
  every third post or so brings it back up . 
  there 's a lot of anger . 
  it 's a shitfest of concurrence , public silence and political shyness . 
  no politician wants to be the one to agree with the `` nazis '' . 
  it 'd be career suicide to even hint that it might be problematic . 
  people have been quietly moved away from public spotlight after such whisperings . 
  there are still heavy camps that imply that mass immigration is a profitable venture . 
  the actual numbers are nowhere to be seen , ignored or stifled . 
  i never thought i 'd live in such a parody of huxley proportions . 
  the housing market is growing ever more locked up . 
  we literally have nowhere to put people . 
  asylum seekers spend over a year in temporary housing centers before the overworked migration bureau can come to a decision . 
  white flight is ongoing , prices skyrocket . 
  we had an elected official somewhere suggest that maybe people can get subsidized if they convert their garages to apartments and let immigrants stay there . 
  our neighbouring countries are starting to voice alarm . 
  the recent mass appearance of beggars is a whole other can of worms . 
  we have gypsies now . 
  [ tens of thousands of them ] ( http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=acb_1432719180 ) . 
  will cost ? 
  how much is it costing now ? 
  i 'd like comparative charts on every article . 
  how much am i paying to greece ? 
  how much am i paying for the upkeep of our asylum seekers ? 
  where is my money going ? 
  the budgetary pie charts i can find are n't enough . 
  tell me daily . 
  tell us everywhere . 
  equality means 50/50 . 
  everywhere . 
  at all times . 
  given time we 'll mandate that you can only have two children . 
  one boy , one girl . 
  no more . 
  no less . 
  long term , everyone we 'll become gender neutral . 
  we 'll become like [ those guys in futurama . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxk_na2ivxw ), 
  so that 's the equivalent worth of about 1.8 million russians ? 
  we 're good here . 
   if you use the word racism , for unfounded reasons everytime that was the joke . 
  `` we can fix them . 
  bring more . '', 
  yeah ... 
  we 're having little luck with the implementation then . 
  took the usual + n amount of years to get the one stretch of ertms we have to work . 
  on top of that they 're moving forward with it despite earlier misgivings , in just about the worst place possible . 
  it 'll get there i suppose , but there 's little confidence in the business . 
  not that we have confidence in much these days . 
  swedish railways is in a mire of shit , 
  we 're doing ertms in sweden as well . 
  it 's proving to be full of flaws , defects , bugs and disasters . 
  nonetheless the next line planned to be implemented is smack in the middle of the longest , main line , essentially forcing every single vehicle to have it installed as a dual system . 
  ( boxholm-mj\u00f6lby . . if rumours are true ) why these things are held up as functional ten years before the fact baffles me , but i suppose that by forcing us to bang our heads against its non-functiontality it becomes functional much faster . 
  gon na work out great . 
  technical details will surface very quickly . 
  i do n't know much about the lines or systems in germany , but this is possible on a lot of lines in sweden . 
  lots of lines between smaller stations in sweden rely heavily on human communication . 
  one station master talking to the other , and both agreeing with each other to only allow one train at a time on the line , to prevent head on collisions , with constant back-checks and routines to prevent mishaps . 
  this is backed up with computer systems and the like , but the possibility is not entirely built out of the hardware . 
  it 's the railway , and it 's not the technology of ` this day and age ' .
