  updates , reconstruction and maintenance is always behind , and a lot of places still function on tech from the 80 's . 
  then , ofc , there 's poor construction . 
  take the [ derailment ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vf257zxgil0 ) in spain , where the only thing keeping the train from speeding through that curve was human control . 
  no technological safety , no hardware checks , the driver had to remember to slow down a few km up the line , and he forgot . 
  we 'll know more as the details come out ofc , but this is not impossible . 
  some insider sources from the swedish migration bureau have been mentioning stuff like that for quite some time . 
  wrinkled men with grey streaks in their beards showing up , adamantly claiming to be underage . 
  the current national police commissioner in sweden is [ dan eliasson ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dan_eliasson ) , as mentioned in the article . 
  he was earlier the director-general of the swedish migration agency and is a complete fucking tool . 
  i love when politicians say that things `` have to happen '' ... like that 's some sort of statement . 
  things have to get better !, 
  it 'd be great if things were just good , and everything would be good if it could just get better . 
  agree with me !, 
  there 's been a few incidents , but nothing on a similar scale or description . 
  some rumours of what would have become a train station event in finland , but police scattered that before it could occur . 
  edit : see tech_itch 's reply . 
  describing this phenomenon to people , it usually baffles me how some people can be so naive to assume such stringent definitions about rape . 
  it takes all shapes and forms . 
  this shit , and all other manner of scams , tricks , woo bullshit and bullshittery ought to be taught in school . 
  from scientology to organized grooming , from every day tourist trap scams to ` you 'll work as a maid ' trafficking traps . 
  throw in some stuff about prostitute factories and the like as well . 
  but nooo ... mathematics . 
  geology . 
  because telling people what to do always works . 
  is this a thing with politicians ? 
  we must , they must , someone should ... 
  it would be so much better if you could only behave well !, 
  everything will be good once it becomes better !, 
  oh , yeah , we 're at the figurative brink . 
  i suppose i 'll have to cede to it being more of a hopeful statement than claim . 
  there 's only so much we can take before it becomes painfully clear we 'll have to either fight back , or all of us call in sick . 
  could an interested foreign student possibly come here for his masters ? 
  yeah , sure . 
  what would the contry look like when he 's done with it ? 
  possibly having learnt a lesson . 
  probably growing ever more hardened the more consequenses come out of this mess . 
  hopefully having harsh headlines of it all daily . 
  call back in three months , we 'll see which way the prime minister tumbles  edit : we 'd be thouroughly in the shit if some insurgent fighters decided to actually go to work . . 
  a lot of efforts seem to be going into ` let 's all be nice together ' kind of stuff . 
  we 're crippled by a lack of proper community cohesion , so brand-marketing bullshit and event focused consultants are rampant . 
  my city had a 100-year celebration recently , and the city hired people to walk around with bags of candy and leaflets to remind people that it was happening . 
  events , a market , some banners hanging around everywhere . 
  nobody really cared much but i suppose there were some photo opportunities and some media presence for whoever put it together . 
  forgotten about in negative minutes . 
  it 's like the entire country is a dilbert cartoon and run like a giant corporation from the early nineties . 
  we excel in embarrassment . 
  and yeah , extremist groups on all ends of the spectrum are growing . 
  leftist , right , sjw 's , political right , and every party blows so far to wherever the wind is going it 's hilarious . 
  it 's still good , i 'm just painting in greyscale . 
  remember , we keep hearing depressing shit about everything all the time and we 're all still here ... everyone wants to make this work , and the cultural climate is loosening up a bit as more and more of us become interested and involved . 
  i mean , all of the things i said ... they still * work * quite well , it 's just that we 're all shouting out against organizational inteptitudes . 
  universities are still in good standing , and still very much functional . 
  if you can manage to find someplace to live - housing is a bit in shambles - i 'd still back your idea to study here . 
  after which you could make your own idea on staying or not . 
  masters in what ? 
  and where ? 
  if the political climate is any indication , soon enough we 'll right up to a more rational keel . 
  there are crisis calls from everything , this is not isolated . 
  social workers are understaffed , under high pressure , frequently burnt out , quitting or on sick leave . 
  also under constant threat from social cases . 
  teachers and schools in general is completely down the shitter . 
  overworked , underpaid , under extreme pressure from the current influx of new students . 
  dental care is at constant overpressure . 
  dental surgery wards have a line of patients to last forever , and new referrals come in constantly . 
  in general if they open the mouth of a somali , * serious * dental work is necessary . 
  or so i 've heard . 
  more and more hospitals are in their highest states of alarm . 
  they 're full , always . 
  a lot of bureaucratic corruption bullshit coming out of new hospitals being built as well . 
  maintenance contracts already signed that would stipulate that changing a lightbulb would cost 600euros or something . 
  everything being built well over budget . 
  yada yada . . nurses have called for higher pay for decades . 
  many of them do their alloted time for training and then go to work in norway . 
  then there 's the ongoing government climate , where there 's calls from ` the top ' that every branch of government has to ` save on expenditures ' and essentially halt current and ongoing projects ... for reasons . 
  being called on in general to ` be creative ' in cost cutting measures , a way to say ` break the fucking law , get us cash ' . 
  personally i 'm in the railroad , privatized since a few decades back . 
  maintenance is to shit , railroad maintenance workers regularly stating that they do n't travel by train because they 've seen the lines . 
  huge costs tied to the bureacracy . 
  because privatizing the railroad always works ... 
  firefighters still work , i think . 
  ambulances too , i think , though they require police escort in certain areas . 
  so no , it 's not only the police . 
  edit : oh , and due to our environmental party , we 're closing our nuclear plants . 
  instead , imported coal . 
  edit2 : defense is not exactly highly budgeted either . 
  we could possibly defend someones backyard . 
  damn straight :d, 
   taxes there are huge the way it 's always been . 
  we sort of take the taxes , and the effects of them , for granted . 
  we take a lot of things for granted . 
  now they 'll be increased to pay for the ... eh , current situation . 
  but not to increase the police budget . 
  i could link to this and few other articles to twenty people a know and they 'd say ` oh yeah i heard about that ' ... 
  the reaction is outrage for as long as the article is being read . 
  then we put down the paper and go about our day . 
  a lot of people are very upset and talk about it to no end . 
  i see very little being done , or very little of this anger being directed anywhere except ` oh well what can you do ' and then we go about our day . 
  like it said in op 's post , thousands of police officers wrote letters to their national chief voicing their discontent about all this . 
  that sort of action is generally considered remarkable , and in my circle of aquiantances have been met with a lot of headnodding . 
  good on them , we say , more of that , and then we go about our day .
