  a lot of things are said between the lines here , but not in public and rarely to strangers . 
  mob mentality is left leaning , public mentality is ... different , but never very vocal even in groups of friends . 
  every four years we 're roused from disinterest to throw a vote at somone , for some reason . 
  for once , and for the first time in a long time , there seems to be some real interest to actually vote . 
  2018 ca n't come soon enough , so we can anonymously voice our discontent , wash our hands of it , and then go about our days . 
  there 's very little sense of community in general . 
  unless it 's for a good cause , for about twenty minutes at a time , and never anything that could possibly offend anyone or lead to any sort of confrontation . 
  so we can go rabble rabble cure cancer rabble and then go about our day . 
  i feel like an institutionalised digital voting system would work very well here . 
  a few issues a year , everyone goes to the local button office and signs in , pushes a few buttons , and make their voices heard that way . 
  cause fuck talking to strangers . 
  i love it  [ relevant reading ] ( http://www.amazon.com/treasure-islands-uncovering-offshore-banking/dp/0230341721 ) for anyone interested in the offshore iceberg . 
  it 's been a while since i read about this , but no . 
  pay always comes high on the list of demands , but in the throes of re-organization ( key trigger right there ) , the concerns are legion . 
  one of the key reasons propagated from the top is that these changes will bring police closer to the citizens . 
  simultaneously they 've fired tons of administrative staff , having police officers relegated to the same task . 
  trained , experienced police officers spending days in an office , filing papers ... 
  there was a meeting described recently where the police were told that they 'd be getting 10000 smartphones for officers . 
  one officer replied that ` this is great , where are the other five thousand officers ? ', 
  a lot of local offices are being shut down , or are just open one day a week for a few hours . 
  this in cities with 10-30k people . 
  responses come from nearby cities , with response times around an hour in many places . 
  or more . 
  or they refer you to the local community watch . 
  security guard presence has quadrupled in the last couple of years . 
  op 's post is from a tabloid quality shitpaper , think dailymail , and the tip of an iceberg . 
  there 's waaaaaaaay more where this comes from and has been going on for years . 
  it 's our thuggish terrorism . 
  i was recently in a conversation with about seven or eight colleagues , with a large around the table consensus that hells angels was a much more civilized and straight forward kind of gang than what we hear about these days . 
  some guys knew a few of them . 
  `` good guys . 
  very agreeable . 
  keeps their neighbourhoods quiet . '', 
  hells angels . 
  the good old days . 
  a suburban , first world kind of criminal , if you will . 
  same with the fires . 
  thuggish , brute , reactionary . 
  very few people i know are really upset about it . 
  passive aggressive nationalist terrorism . 
  for a good cause . 
  our cause . 
  now let 's get coffee . 
  we had a nationally famous serial rapist get the shit kicked out of him a few months back . 
  everyone 's like `` weeeell ... '' idealism and political philosophy goes down the drain when tribalism kicks in . 
  it 's a profit loophole . 
  we make more of them come here so we can benefit from giving them benefits forever . 
  it 's like we believe our own ponzi scheme . 
  but we like to make grand statements . 
  is it discuss-this-topic-o-clock again ? 
  that time of year , the same headlines , nothing happens ? 
  ok . clickbait away , media . 
  a quick example on the insanity of f ! , they did at one point say that they wanted to cease goldmining and dismantle the swedish gold reserve . 
   deport we do n't do this . 
  we just tell them they should leave , keep housing them until they do which they do n't and then nothing . 
  what is terrifying about that , even over the three year period they 're requesting it , is that those costs are administrative , cause that all that agency does . 
  processing and temporary housing and the like . 
  this figure does not include the costs * after * they 've been granted any form of residency . 
  the actual welfare checks . 
  considering they 've replaced many of the administrative staff with police officers ... 
  swedish police recently went out to say that in gothenburg , due to refugee pressure , they would de-prioritize and basically halt work on a lot of lesser crimes . 
  sounds familiar . 
  i think we have 16k of those in sweden , at least . 
  they 've been asked to leave and we 're at a loss for what to do after . 
  it 's like we 've tried nothing and it does n't work . 
  for that kind of money we could all just band together and pay a few million syrians that amount of money , in syria . 
  no need to come to sweden or germany , we 'll pay you from here . 
  this in a country where i can live somewhere for a decade and never learn my neighbours names , ever greet them or partake in any kind of social interaction with anyone and everyone thinks that 's just fine . 
  yeah , we swedes are a real integrating bunch . 
  add to this the migrants various attitudes . 
  we 're all fucked . 
  that 's what 's so annoyingly tragic about all this . 
  word from behind the press conference curtains is that attitudes within the parties and around the water cooler is much much more aligned with the general attitudes of your every day swede . 
  no one wants to be the first on the chopping block though , so the press conferences continue . 
  i 'd * love * to hear what 's being said in private by the ministers . 
  this from our lovely experts who have n't been able to predict this number accurately since years back . 
  it always increases . 
  winter is coming , and it 's going to be harsh this year . 
  fun times . 
  specifically ? 
  either ask in / r/frankfurt or contact musikmesse directly to check in what venue they held the 2014 event ? 
  travelling to germany to buy the maximum allowed amount of alcohol , then bringing it back . 
  at work every six months or so a plain sheet of paper is put up . 
  it says nothing but ` trip ' with a date . 
  usually a saturday . 
  it fills up with names very quickly . 
  all of them rent a bus together , and then go on this trip . 
  they come back drunk as fuck with the bus overloaded with bags and cases of booze . 
  their wives stand at the ready to unload booze and husbands at the end of the day . 
   rediscover their sense of solidarity this again . 
  we had this in sweden a couple of times , and it 's become a complete joke . 
  open your hearts , our last pm said . 
  our current pm echoed the sentiment . 
  `` do what i tell you . '', 
  never seems to work out very well for politicians . 
  it 's a common abbreviation here in sweden . 
  [ a quick google ] ( https://www.google.se/?gws_rd=ssl#safe=off&amp;q=sthlm ) for sthlm should bring up plenty on stockholm , though results may vary from googler to googler if i understand google correctly ... 
  two glasses of wine and she got behind the wheel four hours later . 
  ( allegedly ) stuff like this almost brings to mind bosses that fire people for expensive mistakes , and some saying `` why would i fire you , i just taught you a million dollar lesson ... '' one the one hand this was stupid . 
  on the other hand , she 's just experienced a possibly worthwhile embarrassment and will learn from it and would do better in the future .
