no , i really do n't . 
  the amendments i cited are pretty clear . 
  i 'm not a legal expert . 
  i 'm just semi-familiar with the bill of rights . 
  i have no doubt we already have qualified individuals there right now . 
  there is no doubt that it is more dangerous and presents more risk but i also have no doubt that there are hard men who will accept that fact to uphold our nations ideals . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by appropriate . 
  can you expand on your question ? 
  the same way we deal with any us citizen who is accused of such crimes . 
  bring them to court and put them on trial for that which they have been accused . 
  people lacking conviction who keep their finger on the pulse of public opinion and regurgitate that opinion to get elected . 
  only one person is declared running for senate in florida and the same goes for the gubernatorial election last i checked . 
  i have n't looked into my district yet . 
  i have no doubt they will all be more of the same . 
  no , we are not . 
  his son was also an american citizen . 
  he deserves the rights afforded to all american citizens by our constitution and , more specifically , the bill of rights . 
  even more specifically , the [ sixth amendment reads ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_bill_of_rights#sixth_amendment ) :  in all criminal prosecutions , the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial , by an impartial jury of the state and district wherein the crime shall have been committed , which district shall have been previously ascertained by law , and to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation ; to be confronted with the witnesses against him ; to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor , and to have the assistance of counsel for his defence . 
  any argument about `` special circumstances '' is immediately struck down by the same document in [ the tenth amendment which reads ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_bill_of_rights#tenth_amendment ) :  the powers not delegated to the united states by the constitution , nor prohibited by it to the states , are reserved to the states respectively , or to the people . 
  there is no argument to be made for any of the american citizens unilaterally murdered by obama . 
  this must be trolling . 
  nobody is this dense . 
  i am not addressing any of your arguments . 
  i am perceiving you as a partisan politicker for the reasons listed under the provided definition . 
  i 've given you a hypothetical scenario to illustrate my issue with partisan politicking in general . 
  you can either refute that argument or kick rocks . 
  i 'm not talking about declared , conventional warfare but even in undeclared , unconventional warfare blue-on-blue is investigated . 
  i 'm talking about the president circumventing someone 's right to due process and unilaterally murdering an american citizen . 
  i 've addressed the flaws in your opinions of those who think differently than you . 
  you can scroll up if you 'd like , i 'm well past bothering at this point . 
  should your government adhere to the legal restrictions placed upon it or should it be above the law ? 
  i do know what a typo is . 
  knowing that it was a typo does n't make the irony less entertaining . 
  lighten up , man , jesus . 
  you 're going to give yourself an aneurysm . 
  as much as you want this to be a discussion about how shitty the gop is - it still is not . 
  when did i deny climate change ? 
  most likely he was considered a bonus but let 's assume that he was collateral damage . 
  is it acceptable to kill teenage american citizens ( or any innocent people for that matter ) because they are near someone else ? 
  is that an effective way to deter radical violence ? 
   they 're stupid ideas heh . 
  and we 're back to your intolerance . 
  that 's game . 
  i did n't vote republican . 
  i have a problem with partisan politickers . 
  let 's say a hypothetical person believes that individual responsibility and free markets are intellectually correct and morally superior . 
  are they justified in describing proponents of single-payer healthcare as selfish and incapable of managing their own lives ? 
  or is it more likely that the two people have experienced life in fundamentally different ways that have led them to different conclusions ? 
  your type of politicking is not only extremely narcissistic , it is counter-intuitive to spreading your beliefs . 
  this conversation has absolutely nothing to do with the gops stance on climate change . 
  honestly , at this point , i 'm not convinced i 'm not being trolled . 
  i did n't realize hrc lost florida by a single vote . 
  in fact , i 'm positive she did n't . 
  so how then is your argument rooted not in what i personally did with my vote but people who have different beliefs in regards to what their responsibility as a voter is ? 
  i 've never implied any of that . 
  i told you i wo n't attempt meaningful discussion with you because you 're obviously extremely partisan . 
  you asked me how that is so i described the ways in which your comment was partisan and even gave you the definition of the word i am operating under . 
  i do n't think you 're incapable of understanding that , i just think your hatred for your `` enemies '' is so fervent that you 've forgotten it . 
  and i use the word enemies specifically because the other time i 've seen this type of visceral hatred was listening to more battle worn soldiers than i describe insurgents . 
  i do n't agree but let 's move past anwar as i do see the argument for it i just do n't agree because of the precedent . 
  but , like i said , i do understand where you are coming from . 
  i do not , however , understand any arguments made for doing the same to his 16-year old son . 
  trump was and still is ( and rightfully so i should add ) lambasted for the `` kill their families '' comment . 
  but when obama * actually did kill their families * who were also us citizens it is ok . 
  which is actually yet another partisan bs doublethink scenario i 've never thought about until now . 
  it 's possible i 'm underinformed . 
  how is sof raid and air strike the only two options for dealing with a person the federal government suspects of something ? 
  dude are you serious ? 
  you flat out described conservatives as bad people and democrats as the only people with accurate beliefs . 
  i can describe that with a [ few words ] ( http://www.dictionary.com/browse/intolerant ) but [ partisan ] ( http://www.dictionary.com/browse/partisan ) is absolutely one of them . 
  your shortsighted definition of democratic duty is not my problem . 
  if a candidate would like my vote they 'll have to say things i agree with while maintaining a record to back it up . 
  and that 's ignoring that my vote statistically does not matter . 
  maybe drink some coffee and/or alcohol while you are at it . 
  you 're being a gigantic prick to someone because they have a few different beliefs than you . 
  there 's a word for that , is n't there ? 
  [ oh yeah . . ] ( http://www.dictionary.com/browse/intolerant ), 
  i had hoped to push a 3rd party over 5 % so they could get federal funding and be competitive . 
  it does n't take a genius to figure out there 's more than two political belief systems and that it is unlikely either of our major ones have landed on perfection . 
  that being said - did you want to address anything else i said or are you just looking to be as typical as possible ? 
  i 'm not even going to bother responding to this partisan bs in any serious way . 
  you clearly have chosen your `` team '' and i 'm not equipped to grapple with zealots . 
   you clearly voted for a guy who 's only interest is supporting the elite . 
  this is news to me , i did n't know gary johnson is an agent of the elite . 
  we are still in iraq . . 
  i have friends there literally right now . 
  we never left . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/anwar_al-awlaki ) is a link that is well-sourced to tell you about the first ( open ) unilateral murder of an american citizen by the us government . 
  google the 13th amendment , then consider who is disproportionately targeted by the war on drugs , and then if you come up with a better answer i 'm all ears on what you think . 
  take a deep breath . 
  i 'm just another person with different ideas and different thoughts than you . 
  it 's going to be ok . 
  i sure hope so . 
  i 've had nothing but positive interactions with the europeans i met when i was abroad . 
  it seems bizarre to me that this faux division is being talked about . 
  in my experience , it is not real . 
  outside of being told we are fucking loud ( and goddamn we really are ) , everyone was kind and so were we in return . 
  politics never seems to jive with reality and it perplexes me . 
  flagrant hypocrisy is not even remotely unique to one party . 
  i do n't see much difference in trump than obama except trump is a loudmouth and extremely inappropriately spoken for the office .
