let 's teach the frogs a lesson shall we ? 
   ill get the beer chilling fucking hallelujah, 
  you get a free helicopter ride, 
  and when the evil tories make healthcare illegal and subjugate all women and enslave the working class after killing all minorities and becoming the 51st state of america . 
  only then will tech companies move to the uk, 
  it 's usually good business not to be subservient to the country that keeps trying to invade a part of your continent, 
  france and germany also came out in support of the strike, 
  probably because they 'll be in a jail if they do , great strategy really . . 
  put forth a referendum and literally imprison anyone who opposes you with a different narrative, 
  do n't worry , we 're not sailing off into the atlantic , londons still a flight away and remains a great city to visit, 
  hopefully , the unionist and republican terrorists deserve to still be in jail cells, 
   rich countries , like romania wut, 
  so is radical buddhism , funnily enough even the most peaceful religions can be twisted to justify something . 
  not that i 'm trying to say christianity or islam are peaceful , they certainly are n't, 
  i 'm a us asslicker because i do n't parrot bullshit about how evil and bad western countries are ? 
  i just think it 's a fucking waste of time being all edgy about america on reddit unlike you, 
  sadie khan sadly was n't though, 
  oh look an account dedicated to shitting on amerikkka , how fucking original, 
  well fuck , not so bad for the uk though because all of our `` turks '' are cypriots from the north , so less likely to care about turkish politics ( at least i 'd assume that 's the case ), 
  `` yes we love this country '' good ol' norway, 
  he slipped , hit his head and shot himself in the back twice before jumping off the top of his apartment repeatedly . 
  terrible accident for sure, 
  i wonder when we 'll finally hear the end of the whole `` 350 million for our nhs '' stuff, 
  at least juncker 's not shouting dictator at him, 
  and imagine being put in jail for not liking it it 's no surprise why so many turks live in europe, 
  banter so good you say it twice, 
  true , wo n't have to wait awfully long, 
  angolan ? 
  i think you mean portuguese ( / s ), 
  no great loss then / ^ s, 
   soros-funded * alt right screeching *, 
  i 'd agree at first i would have thought that and i 'm glad it 's not a majority , but it 's still a semi worrying amount for the biggest single party in a secular state, 
  very different issue , but a fucking sad statistic nevertheless, 
  it 's super ironic as referendums are often used by dictators as a way of getting rid of/weakening democracy by using the excuse `` well the people said they do n't want a say in this , ca n't deny the will of the people '' adolf hitler even used referendums if i remember correctly, 
  thats a worrying amount of people not in favor of secularism considering how many support the akp, 
  it does n't look upside down , maybe i 'm retarded but the st patrick 's cross looks like it is the correct way up, 
  i agree with you , i know how many of gd are in prison and how they tend to be violent thugs . 
  i even agree with the so called anti fascists that we do need to protect people from these thugs , who are actually nazis . 
  i think nevertheless that property damage like this is n't justified , despite how despicable golden dawn really are as they did n't provoke anyone in this instance . 
  again , i 'm not justifying golden dawn as i believe they are one of few groups that are more violent and contemptible than antifa themselves , i just believe that initiating violence against them ( like any fascists believe we should ) is n't acceptable, 
  it 's funnier that it comes from a turk, 
  and now political violence becomes ok guys , because of tragic events that were committed by golden dawn we can now suspend free speech and legalise the exact type of behaviour they engage in against them - because when we do violence it 's for a good cause . 
  if you somehow ca n't win against literal nazis who beat people up in any way other than resorting to their own tactics then you 're retarded . 
  if you think suppressing horrible ideas with violence gets rid of them then you are bad too . 
  how fucking hard is it for people to realise that all political violence is bad , whether it 's by golden dawn or people you ideologically agree with , for fucks sake, 
  why are you assuming he looks the other way ? 
  why are you building a massive fucking straw man , he did n't say anything even remotely pro gd and yet you 're acting like he did, 
  actual antifascists defend people , antifa riot when their feelings are hurt and destroy property . 
  please do n't do apologetics for antifa , they act like fucking blackshirts ( as do gd obviously ) and do n't deserve any sympathy, 
  it 's not like spains gon na fucking invade , they are n't a tinpot military dictatorship in south america for fucks sake, 
  some of history 's more memorable and better cartoons have labels , hell im doing gcse history and literally every single good cartoon we study has a ton of labels - some drawings are n't clear enough without adding labels, 
  well all the good stuff is obviously us , but yeah the smelly continentals are literally the root of all evil / s, 
  j o k e, 
  `` bespoke brexit '' fucking sounds like a super market label, 
  you came to r/europe to get varied opinions on the eu and brexit ? 
  there 's a pretty clear consensus on this sub ; eu - good brexit - bad, 
  oh shit yeah it was just under the sofa all this time, 
  it 's like scottish independence , settle it as many times as you will but there 's a core group that do n't want more devolution or powers or even federalisation , they just want to give westminster a kick up the arse - farage and ukip were the anti eu version of that, 
  it 'd be so funny i might forget to laugh, 
  [ american invasion intensifies ], 
  good refutation pal, 
   clinton did nothing wrong nothing at all , other than being massively corrupt and backpedaling on progressive policies and working illegally with the dnc to beat sanders . 
  but apart from being a corporate tool and having about as much policy substance as trump ( that being none ) she did nothing wrong ( as long as you do n't have standards ), 
  ironically enough people looking to not be racist thought it up , because african american , latino and asian were so offensive we just had to go back to 1950 's like descriptors, 
  money 's tight for britain 's biggest landlord , that chemical thingy does n't grow on trees after all / s, 
  it 's more likely somewhere like spain blocks any deal until the uk basically gives them gibraltar from what we 've heard, 
  god what a joke , we have a female prime minister at this moment , our second right wing female leader , and saudi does n't let them drive . 
  mental retardation in its purest form, 
  america would know about fat guys wearing hawaiian shirts would n't they ? 
  if it means sturgeon will shut the fuck up for a year or two with this bollocks then fine , be my guest, 
  who did they accuse of being the worlds most misogynistic ? 
  well after brexit i did see a bunch of pro eu people talking about how the union has never been more united and how this will spontaneously cause everyone to pull together and get along ... 
  steady on there, 
  oh of course , obviously catalonia too, 
  probably from serbia, 
  what 's up with spain not recognising kosovo ? 
  do n't worry , we do n't all think bulgarians are some horde about to sweep into the uk like nigel and co. 
  insist , some of us ( most of us ) are n't complete arseholes with contempt for eastern europeans, 
  dude trust me , the only reason they 're this high is because the lib dems are now irrelevant and jeremy corbyn is leader of the opposition , not to shit on corbyn ( he seems like a nice bloke ) but people do n't really see a leader in him . 
  `` brexit could cause all cats and dogs to spontaneously combust ... '', 
  ukip has 1 seat and will be wiped out in 2020 they represent no one . 
  not to mention it is n't our choice for bojo to be foreign secretary , we voted cameron 's second govt . 
  in whilst he was still mayor of london and before all the brexit stuff happened . 
  because it 's hyperbole ? 
  obviously not half of those countries want to move here , but they tend to emigrate here more than people from other western european countries do, 
  this honestly blows my mind , in the uk young people voted like 75 % against brexit . 
  is there some major social/political difference in france with young people . 
  be worried if she goes up against fillon , the socialists etc. 
  will have a hard time tactically endorsing a so called `` thatcherite '' embroiled in a scandal about his wife and state funds, 
  translation `` i disagree but ca n't argue my case , watch me try and act as though i do '', 
  again , more anti british rhetoric and empty statements about how you do n't care if the nazis invaded you , i would rather slam my head into a wall to be honest , i ca n't converse with someone who hates because of where i was born . 
  i just had an issue with neutrality in the first place , in the face of the nazis complacency is n't the answer . 
  and as for collaboration , many nazis were found to have taken refuge in ireland and jews were deliberately refused as refugees ( this admitted by ireland themselves ) although ill walk it back a bit , it 's not full collaboration but it 's certainly not full neutrality, 
  well america seems far more divided than germany which may party explain the hostility , not that i can talk being from the uk, 
  stop telling me i deny something that i do n't , it 's just pure dishonesty . 
  i 've said twice that britain was morally wrong to be in ireland in the first place , so i 'll say for the third time , britain was morally wrong and i recognise the past atrocities committed by us , which you also dishonestly claim our government does n't when the queen herself admitted so and that she had regret when she visited ireland . 
  also as a second point , getting involved in world war 2 does n't mean you 're choosing britains side , russia was fighting the nazis as well - the second that world war two ended they were at americas throat looking for war , not exactly acting all buddy buddy and thirdly , please do n't call me a nazi after i just railed against them saying it 's a moral responsibility to fight them ( finally i actually agree it was a moral responsibility to kick britain out of the republic of ireland - we should n't have ever been there ), 
  make up your fucking mind trump ... jesus christ man, 
  it 's mainly because germany is n't treating it like a big issue at the moment , sure they 're mostly in favour but the current german gov. 
  has been largely successful so people are n't too annoyed , at least that 's what i heard from a german,
