  i hear that he 'll freezes over in a couple of billion years , if you 've got the time ... 
  it 's not a war you get to say `` well we 're pacifists guys sorry : / '' to , nazism is n't something you can just let win . 
  there is absolutely a moral duty to stop a genocidal regime from taking over . 
  you think they were going to acknowledge you 're neutrality when they won ? 
  spoiler alert , the people who tried to eradicate multiple races and invaded sovereign nations did n't play by the rules . 
  this is n't like being neutral in the iraq war or vietnam , which is the ideal position in both cases , they started war with us and they would have completely fucking destroyed the world and ruled it with an authoritarian grip as long as they could if they were allowed to win, 
  i 've already said i deny nothing we did . 
  whilst you 've denied and downplayed irelands relationship with nazis . 
  this is n't going anywhere because you think i 'm a nazi just because i 'm british , so there 's no point me trying to have this conversation, 
  i was literally just arguing with you for playing down irelands response to the nazis , do n't think that makes me friends with nazis, 
  i 've never met an irish person from the north , also the ira were trying to team up with the nazis during the war . 
  maybe see a bit other than blind rage at the british and stop being an apologist for nazi sympathisers ? 
  too much to ask i suppose, 
  did n't vote so not my fault : / not that i 'm blaming anyone , we 'll hopefully all be fine if theresa may handles this well, 
  they feel the same as londoners realising thousands of service jobs might move to frankfurt . 
  we 're all getting hit by the aftermath in a bad way, 
  i denied nothing our history is dark , bloody and for the most part shameful . 
  what we did in ireland is no exception , this does n't excuse cozying up to the nazis , if they 'd had won and come to ireland you would n't have liked what they 'd have done ( no civil liberties , one party rule , fascism and ethic cleansing galore ), 
  i 'm sure it 'll be those fucking english bastards fault if i do n't, 
  more people in the north supported brexit than you think , 45 % ( especially compared to scotland ) showed there is a large contingency of euroscepticism in ni, 
  in some ways he 's not wrong , just a shame that this cunt had to be the one saying it, 
  i guess britain being awful means a fascist genocidal war machine that would have stabbed you in the back sooner than looking at you is totally cool to buddy up to . 
  remember , whenever anyone brings up anything negative about ireland just pivot to , `` yeah but the british '', 
  bangladeshis are a good group of immigrants who achieve far more than most others and are almost entirely positive , same goes for india , pakistan on the other hand ... . . most are unemployed or living in poverty, 
  eu in a nutshell, 
  all these are far smaller than america and two are smaller than the u.k. , are they naive as well ? 
  well it seems obvious to us that places with the same language and that largely descended from our country would be closer than those we only stopped having wars with 70 odd years ago ( not saying i agree , but an island with pretty removed language and culture is n't exactly going to feel just like the continentals ), 
  luckily that 's 5 % i 'm pretty sure that more of the country reads the sun than believes this ( pretty much the same demographic too ), 
  `` fag made in germany '', 
  by the context matters i.e it 's not for alt right 14 88ers to applaud , it 's history . 
  no matter how hard they true , history is n't going to vanish, 
  i 'll just file that under `` could n't give less of a shit '', 
  tfw you spell check a joke i 'm taking the piss out of everyone who loves to demonise england so much, 
  evil evil england , the root of all the countries problems, 
   article about uk  talks about england gg moron, 
  i would too , for entirely different reasons though , having a balding dictator with no concerns for rights is a big one, 
  remind me again , are the majority of the electorate commenting hate crimes ? 
  because he was saying most people want eu citizen already here to stay , what you said was n't a refutation in the slightest, 
  rightly prevented ? 
  all it did was make people even more suspicious of the refugees, 
  i 'd say he 's less vermin for calling this pro/anti eu as he is for saying `` rapefugees '' after all , this sub is pretty anti uk at times, 
  well most people i know are n't working class or old , although mostly white so that may explain it, 
  never seen anyone eat a pie at matches here in the u.k. either though , apart from that one goalie who got sacked because of it ... 
  fucking finally, 
  france does too , america owns puerto rico and wo n't allow it to be a state , not to mention you guys also own territory in the caribbean , the us virgin islands right next our virgin islands, 
  maybe they forgot france also had an empire that encompassed like half of africa , but it 's easier to hate the island nation that just left the eu . 
  depends on the person but i 've met all sorts of different people in the uk and they 'd all say they 're british first and foremost, 
  i do n't think the ginger thing is about the celts , americans get a kick out of taking the piss out of gingers too , and they never stop fucking telling us about their `` irish heritage '' ( aka 1/50th irish ), 
  wait , we shared a king with you guys ? 
  which one and how far back ? 
  i literally just gave one , the snow ploughing, 
  but i provided an actual reason - he lied , i did n't . 
  so yeah it 's different, 
  funny i 've honestly never heard anyone bad mouth ireland before on this sub , just seems entirely positive . 
  well they hardly kept quiet , a eurosceptic party is one of their biggest and they 've often voted on referendums against the eus wishes , they 're probably the next most eurosceptic country after the uk and greece, 
  seriously , i 'm being called condescending , right after you said `` here at the adult table '' i just told you not to speak for your entire country when you have no idea how they feel and suddenly i 'm the condescending one ? 
  pure bollocks, 
  no disagreement on that , that dude sounds like a cunt, 
  does the adult table also call people `` stupid fucks '' for disagreeing and say `` the rest of us '' without literally a single iota of evidence to support any of that ? 
  but what he said was confirmed to be a lie , what i said was simply `` i heard this off of youtube , i have n't gotten around to checking the source / i do n't know if it was true or just to slander trump , big difference, 
  must have misunderstood , sorry, 
  strongly worded letters ? 
  not a whole lot a scandinavian nation with just shy of 10 million people can do to the worlds largest super power in reality ( especially considering trump constantly says dumb shit , we do n't need a crisis about every tweet or rally ), 
  business men who are often tolerated or friends of the state . 
  not to mention there are saudi funded and built mosques all around the islamic world which attempt to radicalise people to wahhabism ( the `` chop off heads of infidels '' strain of islam ), 
  holy shit , fucking nuance and arguments . 
  where has this been on reddit this entire time i was here ? 
  `` maybe try a bit of democracy , you 'll be hooked real quick '', 
  again i doubt how many believe that , although i 'm not saying no one believes it - just that it 's a minority opinion ( as far as i can tell ), 
  kind of a fair point , although ireland opts out of schengen too and they 're europe 's darling at the moment , regardless you make good points . 
  i 'd consider myself a strong advocate of trade , however ( like you said ) i would n't exactly be considered someone who believes in the european project . 
  ploughing snow for areas that are n't important but so that men and women get equal access , i.e. 
  making shit that has nothing to do with gender about gender and then wondering why it failed, 
  jesus christ turkey , what the fuck is that, 
  the both of you should stop trying to speak for a country of 300,000,000 people with a diverse range of beliefs . 
  the majority probably could n't care less about the eu , the u.k. or brexit, 
  why does the uk constantly get shit for this , i 've never understood why people are n't outraged at denmark for having the exact same amount of opt outs as us ( they too are allowed to keep their currency as long as they see fit ) . 
  honestly you genuinely sound like you hate the uk , i ca n't help but wonder why has this sub got such an issue with us , even before brexit it had a decidedly ant british tilt . 
  no one on ukpoitics is suggesting we fucking invade the continent to get the brexit we desire , they know that we 're a ducking part of nato for gods sake, 
  what do you mean by `` unreasonable gifts '' ? 
  just curious, 
  this was a report that i heard , again i ca n't speak to its validity so i 'm not committing to it . 
  not trying to delegitimise trump , the democrats have already tried about a thousand times seemingly unsuccessfully . . 
  not saying i 'm certain of it , seems they want a bush equivalency , hence why i brought up cheney , to delegitimise him . 
  not saying i do or do n't believe it, 
  maybe they 're sharing the role / s, 
  i heard a report say that he 's the one pulling the strings in the white house , think cheney mark 2 , and trump is just spouting shit to please his supporters , which if true means don is the one in the dark edit : not saying this is definitively true , i ca n't vouch fully for the source ( heard it on youtube channel : secular talk ), 
  badly worded , my bad . 
  the point i was making is that a system being under strain does n't mean that all the countries citizens stop being rich , and the country stops being prosperous . 
  america is under enormous strain constantly and they remain very high gdp per capita, 
  just out of interest what are they protesting for ? 
  you 're not listening , i know it 's bad . 
  but , and watch the vice documentary if you wo n't listen to me , some people believe they can change their sexuality , due to a misguided religious sense of shame . 
  these people look to get harmful treatment voluntarily , that 's what pence was donating funds towards , there 's no argument here that he 's wrong about sexuality , but you compared him to a nazi , and thats what i disagree with ( because it 's fucking inaccurate ), 
  you might think he 's an idiot , trust me i do too , but the fact is some people are deluded enough into looking to change their sexuality . 
  it obviously ca n't be done but some people wrongly think it can , the fact that it was voluntary and did n't involve electrical shock therapy is why i said you were overreacting , and outright comparisons to a nazi is incorrect and , like i said , pure fear mongering, 
  but he does n't , did you even fucking read the article ? 
  was it too much effort , pence does n't support mandatory electric shock therapy . 
  that 's why you 're overreacting , so yeah i 'm sorry your fantasy about pence being the next fucking butcher of krakow is bullshit scaremongering . 
  interesting , i was going off their platform but i guess that may not be the most accurate way to judge them,
