  http://www.snopes.com/mike-pence-supported-gay-conversion-therapy/ not exactly true , but even if it was there 's a massive leap from being a moron , because conversion treatments do n't work , to putting them in concentration camps and then exterminating them , be a bit fucking realistic for once, 
  totally realistic, 
  yeah his views on islam diverge from his views on other topics , he 's further right than le pen on islam but otherwise far to her left, 
  i 'm sorry , i honestly thought you were comparing the two , trust me i 've seen plenty of people acting like trump will literally start rounding up mexicans and gays and killing them , i thought that 's what you were trying to suggest, 
  i would love to see that personally, 
  nice to know the islamic theocracy in progress wants to tell actual gay people how they 're `` token minorities '' for daring to associate with people who feel differently, 
  i 'm sure pence will be opening up gay concentration camps by 2020 , i doubt there will be a single living gay person in the usa , after all `` muh slippery slope '', 
  there are gay people in the fn , it 's not as though their about to start hanging them in public . 
  comparing the two is n't exactly fair, 
  i do n't think fn want to throw gays of buildings , just a suspicion though . 
  pvv is relatively liberal outside of the islam stuff though , i remember hearing that wilders is a feminist and considers islam a threat to liberalism, 
  this changes literally fuck all , saying that they support a campaign based on xenophobia means basically the same ( that you associate them with xenophobia and nationalism ) , not all brexiteers supported the leave campaign , i sure as shit did n't , many people already wanted to leave the eu before the campaign was a thing . 
  and you still have n't addressed why you were being a complete cunt to someone who agrees with you under the justification `` i do n't greet brexiteers with respect because some are xenophobic '', 
  but the guy you were talking to was n't , he was n't a brexiteer . 
  and even if he was , not all brexiteers are racist nationalistic xenophobes , many were just poor disenfranchise people or older people who did n't like the eu , you can argue they were wrong but acting like they 're all horrible racists is wrong and that makes you the prejudiced one , not me, 
  religion is bad , repeat after me `` centuries old cults that permit slavery , misogyny , homophobia and more are bad '' it is pointless because it 's deflecting to a different irrelevant issue , and yes yes trump is an islamophobe christian nutter , we agree on that ( still not as bad as hillary though ), 
  so you do n't like the uk for leaving the eu , therefore you logically hate all people from the uk ... . . you know 48 % completely agree with you and want to remain right , the guy you attacked being on of them . 
  it 's just so pointless attacking brits for shit that a few of the people who disagree with them believe, 
  yeah playing along with insane religious fundamentalists will sure make them respect women 's rights despite their holy book being fundamentally opposed to it , i 'm sure a couple of swedish feminists will have a real impact on a religious theocracy that is pretty firmly rooted in its ways . 
  yes . 
  all religions are bad , that does n't mean that when someone criticizes islam you need to frantically point out how christianity is bad too , it 's blatant deflection and absolutely pointless . 
  there 's a good chance a person criticizing islam is n't religious themselves, 
  our customs of respecting women and theirs of subjugating them ? 
  not all cultures are created equal , theirs is worse in this regard, 
  that 's assuming may does n't buckle to eu pressure , which she probably will , and allow free movement so she can get single market access . 
  well it wo n't be in the fucking eu so how could it ? 
  i do n't think thats what he 's trying to say , just that constantly focusing on speculation , as he believes the independent does , is n't a good thing to do, 
  weasel words, 
  definitely not the uk , 
   gibraltar  spanish reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  `` belgium is n't a country '' / s, 
  probably means the northern irish , you know ... the irish people that are in the u.k. 
  t r i g g e r e d, 
  i understand what you 're saying totally , and i get where you 're coming from . 
  i think a technical border that in actuality is unenforced until a treaty can be put in place that eliminates the hard border for good , which i understand will take time but i believe it can happen eventually, 
  m not putting it on the eu though , im glad that they also want a frictionless border , i accept that the uk has black in this , i 'm simply saying that , as well as the uk , the eu needs to help make this ireland situation right and to not impose a strict border, 
  but this would also violate the uks borders , which we do n't want either ... but it 's a special case , no other 2 countries in europe are so intertwined as north and the republic of ireland ( yeah i know the north is n't technically a country but you get the point ) people cross the borders daily and have family on one side and on the other , open borders is a key part of the peace agreement , with all due respect the eu and the uks concerns over border security are irrelevant , we do n't the ira coming back and people going through checkpoints just to see their family and get to work, 
  good one mate , real original, 
  trump and brexit were both 2 years in the making , they did n't just pop up and happen the next day , ukip has been around for years with farage slowly gaining momentum, 
  literally no one wants that though , ni doesnt , westminster does n't and the eu does n't, 
  well hundreds of years ago , but yeah quite similar in principle to the settlements, 
  yeah , we have a good reputation with unions as of late, 
  nice having a sensible voice that is n't `` fucking british imperialists '' or `` irish terrorist scum '', 
  well i completely fucking agree with everything you said there i 'll be honest , my problem was that you were deflecting from a guy talking about ira terrorism to mention the british , which is the typical move of an apologist . 
  i now understand i was wrong and you 're not an ira apologist or irish nationalist at all , i 'm sorry, 
  which may well have had people inside , do you think the people thought `` well we 're only fire bombing a building that puts us on the moral high ground '' stop being a fucking thinly veiled ira apologist , the conflicts long over, 
  i did n't accuse you of supporting them , i said you were deflecting ( so that you could throw in the extra `` fuck britain '' or two ), 
  til two wrongs make a right , perfect morality for you, 
  wow shit stir about peoples ancestors and imply hatred , and sometime outright state it , for british people and they wo n't like you . 
  which obviously invalidates irish terrorism , deflecting like a fucking pro, 
  by massive chunk are you referring to northern ireland ? 
  because they did sort of vote to remain in the u.k. ( which admittedly might change thanks to brexit ), 
  it 's not really as bad as it seems , both sides acknowledge the past was bad for the most part . 
  but being the internet the stupid and very vocal minority take to their keyboards to trash people for shit their ancestors did and be a bunch of cunts, 
  i guess we 'll have part of france back then, 
  sorry , just assumed you meant french election . 
  if they think this 'll have the same effects as the serbia kosovo train did , they 're fucking retarded . 
  everyone already agrees with them, 
  it must be nice that everyone with a different opinion just becomes a klansmen, 
  which made britain collectively cringe, 
  maybe it 's sprawl , still whilst it 's fucking massive i do remember it being more like 11th or 12th, 
  believe me , no one has words quite like mine, 
  i get the picture more that you are , after all you 're obsessed with `` the brits '' i 'm honestly curious , what did we do that got you so mad ? 
  i understand , and you 're being very reasonable and there has been hostility on both sides, 
  the eu did n't give us our nhs , the post war labour government did , given its immense popularity with pretty much everyone i doubt we 'll be ditching it anytime soon, 
  my point was that some are using them as evidence of `` the uk being hostile to the eu '' when in reality the public ( even many brexiters ) despise boris after the referendum and using him as a reason to be hostile to the british just seems insulting to all those who hate boris just as much, 
  it 's all to appeal to he 's evangelist nutters ( so yeah people like pence ) just like the tpp was about getting support from workers and left wingers , not that anything would win over the left after all the shit he 's said, 
  you are now banned from r/fullcommunism, 
  you 're an expert satirist for sure, 
  yeah i kinda agree , if another member did leave i doubt there would be no reform ( purely out of fear of more doing so ), 
  he 's a remained , boris and idiotic co do n't speak for him in any sense more than they 're both british . 
  are all french people marine le pen ? 
  if you 're dutch does that make you equivalent to geert wilders ? 
  it will help eurosceptic groups in the eu , it 's good propaganda , `` look how the evil eu treats britain and how harsh they 're being '', 
  you have a fucking obsession with british people do n't you , it makes up nearly all of your comments . 
  what did we do to piss you off exactly ? 
   definitely without russia ftfy putin , the serial human rights abuser and dictator in chief of russia is the reason they 'll never get close to the eu , also it probably wo n't be economically able when all that oil runs out soon, 
  fair enough, 
  it was a joke my dude, 
  nothing new here , for as long as there 's oil no nation can just break ties with those appalling theocracies ( as much as we 'd like to ), 
  why would you count switzerland ? 
  it 's by no means a member, 
  i doubt even the fallout of brexit will lead to a hard irish border , both the torrid , labour and the eu ( as well as the entirety of ireland ) are against that, 
  the us political system is well on track to become the longest running comedy, 
  precious internet points, 
  just remove a couple of economy shattering world wars from our history and we 'll be right as rain, 
  frog pictures, 
  bullshit , he 's at record low approval ratings and record high un approval ratings , he could n't even win the popular vote ( lost by 2 million ) he does n't speak for a majority or even that significant of a portion of the usa https://www.google.co.uk/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/politics/wp/2017/01/25/trumps-initial-approval-ratings-are-setting-new-unhappy-records/?client=safari, 
  40 % of french people speak english ? 
  that 's pretty shocking , i thought it was more like 20 %, 
  do you take that further though , france has a 26 % chance ( a poll i saw in a new wapo article ) of electing lepen , there 's clearly plenary of anti eu feeling in the remaining eu27 to go around . 
  would that also strengthen the eu ? 
  the people who mock us for being racist do n't realise that france , sweden and holland all have populist right wing candidates who might actually win ( unlike nigel farage ), 
  ummm ni already left , they 're in the u.k. after all, 
   they claim `` rape is a new thing '' in sweden . 
  i 'm sure someone has said this ( because it 's the fucking internet ) but i have personally never heard anyone say this about sweden at all , it 's definitely not a common critique of migrant crime, 
  apparently not the british , we seem to only go to spain now, 
  if it did then i 'd be staunchly pro immigration, 
  i 'm sorry by how does anyone fall for `` we 'll empower you by covering you in a bin bag and selling you as a sex slave '', 
  fucking `` memorycide '' that 's legit my favourite bullshit word so far,
