  r/iamverybadass you really make our country look fucking stupid , so do us a favor and shut up, 
  basically it means banter, 
  also , actual flip flops, 
  thats the most scottish thing i 've ever seen, 
  funnily enough my house is probably the only place in the uk i 've ever seen a bidet, 
  uk , ireland and frances populations are shooting up at an equal rate as italy , spain and germany 's are declining pretty sad to see tbh , whole villages and areas pretty much dying out in large areas of europe, 
  oh shit , please do n't france ... 
   and bring some chocolate cake !, 
  the best chocolate cake !, 
  believe me also bomb iran, 
   may w e a s e l w o r d s, 
  `` people who do n't wipe their asses '' what ? 
  really activates my almonds, 
  you know we do n't only trade with people we agree with right ? 
  fuck we even trade with [ slave states like qatar ] ( https://dohanews.co/report-qatar-fifth-highest-proportion-slavery-world/ ) why would we stop trading with the worlds biggest economy just because he says stupid shit regularly ? 
  flip flop flip flop flip flop that 's your answer, 
  we did n't expect anything , i was shocked when he said we were first in line for a trade deal - i knew it was only a short amount of time until someone told him what the eu is and why he still needs to trade with it, 
  oh shit yeah , only this time london will be ruled from dublin , not the other way around, 
  well if we 're gon na be all specific , everyone in england is majority celtic too - in england [ celts outnumber anglo saxons 3 to 1 ] ( http://www.scotsman.com/lifestyle/we-re-nearly-all-celts-under-the-skin-1-1141420 ) people often overestimate the differences between england and the other parts of the uk such as scotalnd and ni , we 're much more similar than some would believe, 
   have a rebellion here or there the great sheep uprising, 
  london can into ireland ? 
  might as well just hang yourself so you do n't have to choose, 
  '' '' '' '' `` artist '' '' '' '' '', 
   got gerry wilders shit, 
  inb4 hitler jokes, 
  not really an equivalent to `` hey you know maybe we should become a dictatorship '' but still pretty bad, 
  pretty much yeah , almost entirely impossible this snap election is just a tory power grab, 
  hillary was n't polling like 20 % above trump though, 
  is n't jimmy carters foundation already wiping out the guinea worm, 
  not much chance , although if the lib dems succesfully play of the anti brexit feeling they could overtake labour, 
  nah , the uk elections are decided before they 've begun . 
  complete labor destruction and guaranteed more tory rule, 
  1 ) im not in the usa 2 ) learn to spell 3 ) america did n't make trump dictator with sweeping new powers , they just elected him legitimately for a 4 year term, 
  `` we welcome refugees , just no browns or any of those muslim people cheers , bye '', 
  if you have n't already , get out of turkey whilst you can , move somewhere that respects democracy, 
  it was hardly equal even with the uk , russia has thousands of nukes and the eu + uk has a couple hundred - hardly balanced, 
  being a traitorous piece of shite ? 
  / s ( no but seriously , fuck people that approved erdogan as sultan of the new ottoman empire ), 
  should 've edited the picture to gollum, 
   it 's like they are ashamed of their history ... gee it 's almost like sweden democrats supporters are n't all skinhead nazis and are actually ashamed of the party 's past ... 
  why is `` hey maybe marine le pen is n't about to burn all the jews and gas the muslims '' suddenly some strange mock able opinion ? 
  please tell me , how will marine le pen , should she ever be elected , round up all the jewish people ? 
  you do n't think israel , the un and literally every other european country might step in, 
  or ties to pedophile rings, 
  time for west turkey to secede and become a properly european country, 
  * dead and in prison, 
  east meeting west quite literally i guess, 
  it 'd be worth it just to see the look on ~ ~ gollum 's ~ ~ erdogan 's face, 
  this is the [ closest thing ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/europe/almost-10-of-turks-say-isis-not-terror-organisation-survey-1.2494033 ) i can find to anything like that, 
  i 'm gon na imagine that the british `` turks '' voted no because they 're majority cypriots as opposed to poor turkish cheap labour ( like those residing in germany ) who tend to be akp workers and religious, 
  the foreign turk roaches are shameful , they come to western secular democracies and then vote to turn their homeland into the exact opposite . 
  fucking shameful , now the turkish people in turkey proper have to deal with their goddamn mess ( like those bastard `` expats '' in spain who voted brexit , if you 're gon na fuck your country at least have the decency to live there and deal with the consequences ), 
  eventually they 're going to have to choose between the working class or , as you put it , the `` liberal urbanites '' they 're gon na have to properly pick a side over brexit ( which again is either the working class and pro brexit or urban voters and anti brexit ) if they do n't pick a side then they 'll never be able to talk policy without upsetting a large fraction of their supporters, 
  yeah , and it 's annoying considering i agree with some of their other policies such as re-nationalising railways and no more college tuition fees, 
  labours inability to do marijuana legalisation/decriminalisation is the main thing pushing me towards voting libdems, 
  m just hoping we can oust the tories with like a labour/lib dem coalition or something, 
  ca n't wait for this comment section to get really fucking heated edit : fucking not ducking , screw auto correct, 
  the fucking madman actually did it r/madlads, 
   nobody deserves more than they need . 
  and how do we define what people need , the very bare minimum for survival ? 
  because that means no internet , no expensive phones or laptops and a small apartment that 's miserable and cold . 
  when everyone can only ever achieve bad wages at the very best and there 's nowhere to rise in a hierarchy then there is no incentive to do high skill jobs and productivity goes down with the lack of motivation . 
  this right here is my entire problem with communism , it 's just so fucking authoritarian to its core - you 're not allowed to earn more than you `` need '' and you 're not allowed to question why . 
  to ; dr : fuuuuuuuuuck communism, 
  i did n't say that they should be disregarded completely , just do n't equate them with actual journalists with some decency and basic fucking integrity, 
   the telegraph , daily mail and the sun you 're going to lump the telegraph in with the daily mail and the fucking sun ? 
  the latter two can not be considered journalists at all , whereas the telegraph is relatively respectable, 
  the fucking iraq war , i was n't aware this elderly italian woman was at risk of being killed by saddam hussein, 
  our last personal link to an entire century gone , feels pretty sad, 
   the problem is that republicans believe the constitution is the literal word of god i 'd agree that 's a problem , but it sort of proves my point . 
  it 's so stable because change rarely ever actually gets to happen to the constitution also that painting is fucking hilarious , shame such a good artist wasted their talent on such horse shit, 
  that 's actually really interesting, 
  he was talking about the constitution , which is very difficult to amend or change and ensures the rights of the people , which gives the country some stability, 
  it would be a bad thing if it was true , but they o n't have a holocaust denier in charge right now so ... . 
  constantinople when ?? 
  because democracy is good and having erdogan as the new sultan is n't ? 
  vive la civil war ? 
   may as well start calling england france [ hon hon hon intensifies ], 
  shit i just noticed the wheelchair, 
  firstly , it 's a fucking joke ( for like the tenth time explaining this ) secondly , when you take over a million refugees you 're going to get people assuming they were invited in . 
   you know that 's * every single economic model ever * right ? 
  thats what an economic model is : one that determines how our finite resources are allocated . 
  an economic model is just a description of reality and how things will happen , not something that allocates anything . there are conservative economic models and liberal economic models ( and communist ones for people who do n't like reality ) they 're entirely subjective  no one actually produces $ 1m + worth of goods and services per year ** alone ** . 
  it physically is n't possible . 
  i was n't aware that i said they did . 
  if someone works hard and gets to a stage where they 're making millions then in my mind they `` deserve '' it . 
  if you 're suggesting a world where no one is incentivised to earn more money and the free market basically does n't exist , just come out and say that you 're clinically insane  you 're right , and besides , i do n't want to be the sole arbitrator . 
  i want * everyone * to be the arbitrator . 
  thats what socialism is : democracy in the workplace . 
  i 'm guessing people who start up businesses and want to get the majority of the profits just need to accept this wonderful new sort of democracy where the government forces you to allocate the money how they think is fair , regardless of the person who owns the business and created all those jobs in the first place  hey i 've got nothing against rich people per se . 
  if that were the case i 'd hate my parents . 
  no ad hominems please . 
  well most communists ( oh sorry i mean `` socialist ^ tm ) are teenagers who hate their parents so ... 
  must support barcelona ? 
   it was a joke, 
  when did i mention white genocide or merkel i made a joke about germany taking in , what i believe to be , too many refugees . 
  acting like i 'm some 1488 altright neo nazi for making a fucking joke is some serious bullshit, 
  when a source of that bad information is religion , then surely religion itself must also be one of the problems, 
  who 'd a thunk that a dictator wannabe did n't have very nice fans, 
  holy fucking shit `` invite them all in '' is alex jones like ?
