  it 's still very hard for me to understand that . 
  and do you think that 's a democratic system ? 
  that just because you 're born in the right place , in the right family , you are directly put into a position of power and get to rule your country ? 
  i 'm replying to your claim that  the unelected parts of our government ( crown , lords ) are probably the sanest part of the entire system . 
  if the unelected parts of the government are the sanest , why elect anyone then ? 
  why elect anyone then ? 
  it 'd be better to let our feudal lords rule us , right ? 
  perhaps with the help of some bishops ? 
  i ca n't believe it 's 2015 and we still have a map like this . 
  edit : inb4 , ` but they represent the people ' , ` they are a great tourist boost ' , ` it 's good to have someone `` prepared '' as a head of state ' , etc. 
  well , let me have a say in who represents me or not . 
  oh , you were n't born in the purple ? 
  tough luck !, 
  it 's unbelievable that such an antidemocratic system still exists in europe . 
  edit 2 : wow , so many downvotes , just because i 'm saying that monarchy is not a democratic system . 
  yeah !, 
  we do have those too , it 's literally the worst thing you could do !, 
  they say that swimming or even taking a shower after eating will ` cut your digestion ' , you would n't imagine how many people die from that !, 
  nah , they do n't really care/know about germs , it 's just that they think you 'll get a cold from the wind ( she does n't associate a cold with germs , but with * being * cold ) . 
  ah yes , the famous ` corrents d'aire ' that provoke insta-cold . 
  i thought people around here were crazy , but it seems it 's a more ... global thing haha . 
  yep , my grandma will not even stay in a room if there 's a slight draft . 
  she 's afraid she 'll get a cold or something worse . 
  it 's been around 30-35\u00ba c lately in here , but she wo n't go outside ` just in case ' it 's too windy . 
  it 's called ` sit-in ' . 
  and are n't those forbidden now too ? 
  specially that close to the congress ? 
  it 's funny how they 're passing these laws only a few months before ( hopefully ) getting kicked out from the spanish government . 
  10/10 thanks a lot !, 
  is the o with a dash below it a capital omega ? 
  i 've never seen it written that way before . 
  you heathen !, 
  it 's not only related to the romance languages , it is a romance language , although it is part of the balkan sprachbund ( language area ) and thus it does share some features with slavic languages , specially grammatical ones . 
  high five !, 
  a german had to explain a joke to you !, 
  how do you feel ? 
  i mainly use hahaha , lol , or xd . 
  i use them in slightly different situations , though . 
  i wonder if it has something to do with their inbreeding ... 
  yeah , your typical childish accident ... 
  i 'd say we 're very real , then . 
  crossing the street will be an adventure on its own , just saying . 
  nope , country , as in ` basque country ' . 
  in catalan , the word ` country ' does n't necessarily mean independent nation . 
  valencian country * , pls !!, 
  we 're a country , not a ` community ' . 
  only about 1/16th , though . 
  i 'm very impressed too , considering that i 've only met 2 or 3 spaniards in my life who knew about go in the first place . 
  i love bach , but i actually prefer his cello pieces . 
  i 've listened to the cello suites dozens of times ; i particularly like yo-yo ma 's and mischa maisky 's renditions . 
  nice !, 
  i did n't know that . 
  by not very well known , i meant that he 's not a really ` mainstream ' composer , although i agree that it 's not an obscure work that nobody knows  i particularly enjoy this version as it 's played by my favourite violinist . 
  a probably not very well known piece by sarasate , [ zigeunerweisen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xir-5oawxxe ) , is one of my favourite violin works , together with vivaldi 's winter . 
  such an intense piece of music . 
  edit : i also love [ tartini 's `` devil 's trill '' sonata . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7rxl5kspjs ), 
  [ that 's segovia , in the center of the peninsula , during winter ] ( https://josamotril.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/alczar1.jpg ), 
  * the estelada flag not only applies to catalonia , but to all the catalan countries !, 
  how are they nutjobs ? 
  do you actually know them , or are you acquainted with their policies or their stance on various issues ? 
  or are you just dismissing them all just because they are against the very system that has destroyed many peoples ' lives ? 
  well , i guess it 's not only the bad guys then haha . 
  whoops , you 're right , my bad . 
  oh yeah , definitely very excited about valencia !, 
  i hope this sets a precedent . 
  congrats about those results in galicia !, 
  poor rajoy , he must be crying at home right now . 
  i almost feel sorry for him ... but not really :p ps . 
  what is it with galicia that all the bad guys come from there ? 
  you know of whom i 'm talking about ... ( jk we love you guys < 3 ), 
  nice !!, 
  it was about time , though . 
  very interesting results in pontevedra . 
  i 'm quite happy with valencia since comprom\u00eds ( valencian left nationalists ) have almost the same number of councilors as the pp . 
  what about the galician parliament ? 
  very important elections . 
  we managed to kick the pp ( conservative party ) out of government , both in my town , our parliament , and the city of valencia ( the current mayor has been there for 24 years ) , and the same has happened in many places in spain . 
  yeah , you 're right , these guys have no idea what they 're talking about . 
  a language isolate means it has no relatives , and albanian and greek are both ie languages . 
  they even downvoted you !, 
  because it 's a barbaric practice that has no place in modern europe . 
  yup !, 
  i met a guy called caoimh\u00edn , you can imagine the french saying his name ... 
  troll account , look at his post history , it 's quite sad actually . 
  downvote and carry on . 
  catalan is even closer to the languages in northern italy , i met a guy who spoke [ piedmontese ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/piedmontese_language ) and i could understand a lot , because even the accent is closer . 
  the southern languages are much more different . 
  ohhhh < 3 < 3 awesome !!, 
  what about us ? 
  bro , the fact that you do n't ` understand ' english vowels does n't imply that it 's impossible for a spanish speaker to ` get ' them ... 
  it 's not the same , mate . 
  i like feeling the sun in my skin and not spending half of the year barely seeing it . 
  * is the second language frisian ? 
  do n't forget about the darkness !, 
  we got 30 today !!, 
  not very common , though ; tomorrow they 'll be back around 20 . 
  it really does no harm , and i find it interesting . 
  in fact , i should probably start doing it , too . 
  it 's great if you 're interested in languages , or if you 're learning a language different than english .
