  having been independent before is not a requisite for doing a referendum or having your own country . 
  a lot of people with their own country say that we getting our own country is silly . 
  remember that not that long ago , a swede in stockholm could have said something like : ` look at those silly norwegians and their regionalism , thinking that they can have their own country ' . 
  i do n't think that i can argue with you ... 
  i do n't know if you 're trolling either . 
  is liberal an insult now ? 
  well , i do n't think any catalan politican has promoted scottish independence ; in fact , we have been praising the uk all this time for allowing scotland to hold the referendum . 
  we are in favour of democratic solutions like this . 
  let 's hope you 're right , then . 
  alright , i can agree with that , but only if there is a reorganization of the states so that : 1 . 
  the ` big ones ' like france and germany do n't get to decide everything by themselves , and 2 . 
  you let the people decide to what state they belong to . 
  if a majority of catalans want to be represented by a catalan state inside europe , the same as a majority of danish want to have their own danish state , why do you have to want to keep them inside a spanish state , even if it 's a federal one ? 
  that 's what i mean by equality . 
  a europe of federal states , ok . 
  but with barcelona being governed only by the european government above it , not by madrid . 
  i think the uk would support a referendum that was the product of a bilateral agreement between catalonia and spain . 
  i would have prefered it that way too . 
  but this is the only thing we can do given spain 's official position . 
  and if the eu does n't want even more eurosceptics , then they should get together and work with spain and catalonia to solve this issue , instead of turning a blind eye and dismissing it as ` an internal issue ' . 
  well , of course , then the larger states would have to be broken up first . 
  but you agree with a europe post-nation states , so you would have to agree with that , right ? 
  what 's your position then ? 
  that 's why i support a confederation of smaller states in europe . 
  it 's pretty clear , as you say , that if you have 2-3 big countries , they basically control everything and decide for everyone . 
  instead , i think the right size for a country is that of catalonia , or switzerland , or slovenia , or ireland , or a german state . 
  if europe was divided that way , we would n't have the problem that you describe . 
  we 've been trying for years to set up a legal referendum , but the spanish state has refused to talk about it . 
  and all i was saying is that there 's a precedent of european countries accepting a unilateral declaration . 
  well , i mean , it 's clearly not worded that way , but i 'm sure that you 'll agree with me in that they 're doing it so quickly because of the catalan issue . 
  see , there 's the problem . 
  i 'm a european federalist , i 'd love to see europe united into a single confederation . 
  but we can only do that as equals . 
  you say that nation states are not the way to go , but at the same time , your opinion is that catalonia still needs to be controled by spain . 
  we do n't want more autonomy , we want to be treated as equals to the spanish , the danish or the dutch . 
  and we ca n't do that , and at the same time be a province of spain . 
  the ones who will decide if they get independence are the catalan citizens , not the people of this thread , luckily . 
  and if you look at the polls that op linked , it looks like there 's actually a good chance of doing it . 
  we just want to rule ourselves and be treated as equals among the other countries in europe , not to be vassals of the king of spain . 
  catalonia is a very pro-european nation , but we want to be treated equally , not as some province of another country . 
  i have , and i do n't see how it relates to your point . 
  all i 'm saying is that you do n't need an army to enforce your government . 
  we are sending a message to spain and the world with these elections . 
  spain can choose to answer in a civilized manner , or to try to crush the will of catalan people . 
  we 'll see which one works best for them . 
  it 's pretty amazing that this is the best you can come up with to prove your point . 
  if this was the official stance of the catalan government , maybe you would have something real to moan about . 
  but if the basis of your reasoning is a biscuit box ... 
  lol , the level of twisting the reality that you have to achieve to say this is amazing . 
  please try to be more serious the next time you say something like that . 
  it 's called democracy , and it does n't need the involvement of force to work . 
  if you 'd like to send the tanks to barcelona , good luck , because you 'll lose any international credibility . 
  monaco plays in the french league , as well ... 
  anyway , football is a very silly reason to oppose independence ( i 'm not talking about you , but i 've heard this before as an actual argument ... ), 
  where did i say that they are in the eu ? 
  so half the world recognized kosovo only to piss off serbia ? 
  well , that 's what i meant , you do n't need to be in the eu to be part of erasmus , the catalan universities are still gon na be there and will keep their international agreements . 
  it 's worth noting that the two best universities of spain are in barcelona . 
  no , it 's the catalan president , a position whose history goes back to the xiv century : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_presidents_of_the_generalitat_de_catalunya , and who has been elected by the catalan people in democratic elections . 
  they have formed a unitary list , he does n't have a choice , if they win , they 'll have to declare independence . 
  it 's really not about him at all , there 's gon na be independence with or without him . 
  if having him as president for a few years is the price we have to pay , so be it . 
  at least he 's not rajoy . 
  welp , i did n't know !, 
  not that i need the bot to remember that haha . 
  it 's not ' a bunch of politicians ' . 
  as so many polls have proved , it 's at least half of the citizens . 
  and you guys always say that you love beautiful catalonia , but then you 're very quick to stomp on catalans when they want to express their opinions , or you have an ex-prime minister calling them fascists and nazis . 
  why do you insist it 's all a plot by mas ? 
  is it easier for you to understand it if you imagine that mas is the one moving and ` convincing ' all the people ? 
  what about those millions of catalans that want independence from spain , have they all been deluded by mas too ? 
  i do n't know , time will tell ... 
  well , yeah , depending on how they interpret those lines , they could justify pretty much anything they want in order to stop the process . 
  the thing is that spanish law wo n't be recognized in catalonia anymore , so that 'd be interesting . 
  i 'm sure that some countries will recognize it , but i wonder how much time will pass until spain recognizes it . 
  look at the situation in kosovo , it 's been 7 years and spain is the only country in western europe that has n't recognized it yet . 
  obviously it 's a different situation , but ... 
  they 're trying to pass a law very quickly to make it legal to arrest the catalan president , should he declare independence . 
  that 'd be political suicide for spain , they wo n't do it . 
  22 days, 
  even turkey is part of the erasmus program . 
  do n't worry about that . 
  if they would let the catalans vote , perhaps the result would be ` no ' , like in scotland . 
  since they have n't , now it looks like there 's gon na be a declaration of independence soon enough . 
  since it would n't be recognised by spain , there would be no point in doing it . 
  the catalan president said yesterday that he would prefer to have a referendum , but this is right now the only way to do this . 
  latvia and lithuania have expressed their support before . 
  and france was one of the first countries to recognize the unilateral declaration of independence of kosovo . 
  things are not that easy . 
  if all europe got together and pushed spain to negotiate , things would be much easier and faster . 
  at least after the declaration of independence they wo n't be able to keep saying `` it 's an internal issue . '', 
  not only danish , i see at least 20-30 million dutch and german refugees too . 
  wait , so they 're actually doing it ? 
  i thought it was only a proposal but i did n't know it was already so ... ` official ' . 
  well , i definitely have to read more about galician history , i did n't know half of those . 
   collective dissociative identity disorder 10/10 . 
  also , this is so accurately shameful . 
  at least i can put on a decent catalan accent and pretend i 'm from the north , just in case haha . 
  specifically ? 
  and 1714 ( never forget !,
