  well , 98 % of latvia is below 200m ... :p, 
  ` aragonese colors ' . 
  yeah , these territories were part of the crown of aragon a long time ago . 
  but most of aragon is not part of the catalan countries , and no one is saying that , except fot the franja . 
  i understand that the first statement might be controversial . 
  but if the spanish state were willing to talk and debate this issues , maybe they could enter into an agreement and develop a dual citizenship protocol that is in the best interest of both parties . 
  instead , they choose to dismiss this issue , as they always do . 
  perhaps this is not the best time to talk about this , that 's also true . 
  but still , it was just some guy 's opinion , not an official stance . 
  it 's not only the fact that they share a language . 
  it 's a lot of things that bind these countries together , as i said : history , language , culture , etc. 
  in austria and germany , there is not a strong movement advocating for the union of the german countries . 
  in here , there is . 
  that 's the difference . 
  i still fail to see how they 're claiming the territories . 
  if , as you said , they offered a dual citizenship to a citizen of valencia , how would that be equal to claiming the whole valencia ? 
  are you saying that , if for example a person holds a spanish and , i do n't know , ecuadorian citizenships , that means that spain is claiming ecuador ? 
  ok , instead of replying to every comment in this thread , i 'll write it here . 
  this guy was talking about the possibility of offering catalan citizenship to any of the citizens of the catalan countries . 
  let 's break this down : - there are people that have called him all sorts of things , including ` imperialist ' . 
  i fail to see how offering voluntary citizenship can be viewed as an imperalist stance . 
  i 'd understand it if he had said : ` we will conquer and subjugate all the territories that we say belong to us , even if it 's against their will ' . 
  but he did n't . 
  i see a very big difference here . 
  - others are arguing about the non-existence of the catalan countries . 
  you can name them however you want , but there is a number of territories or countries , currently administered by the spanish and french states mostly , whose primary langauge is catalan and who share a common culture and history . 
  we call them catalan countries , you can call them something else , but you ca n't say they `` do n't exist '' . 
  - again , i fail to see how they 're ` claiming new territories ' . 
  they have offered citizenship to people in other territories . 
  they are not saying ` valencia is ours and we will control it ' . 
  in fact , the most common way of thinking is , let each territory decide their own future by themselves . 
  maybe valencia will some day decide to be independent , maybe it will decide to join catalonia , or maybe not . 
  but the only ones talking about ` imperialism ' and ` indecency ' are people from the spanish state trying to sow dissent in places like valencia and the balearic islands , to make sure that they do n't follow the same path as catalonia is doing right now . 
  ethnic as in ` ethnical jew ' , regardless of where they come from . 
  haha , that 's like , this summer 's minimum temperature in here . 
  some nights it has n't dropped below 25\u00ba . 
  for me , fifteen degrees is almost winter weather ... 
  come live down here !, 
  at least we have sun and nice temperatures ( although this past two days it 's been too hot for my taste ) . 
  you wo n't have any luck in here , / r/europe is for some reason very pro-monarchy . 
  yeah , i 've learned that it 's a widespread view among spanish students ( propagated lots of times by their teachers ) . 
  it 's funny though because before being on reddit i had never even heard of such a thing . 
  it 's even funnier that the same sound is found in english , and yet they think of it as normal in english but a ` lisp ' in spanish . 
  it 's not a lisp , it 's the ` th ' sound in think or thread . 
  a lisp is a speech impediment . 
  ssshhh , nobody speaks occitan or any other language , everybody uses perfect , pure parisian french and that 's the end of it . 
  also if we find someone that speaks occitan we should strive to remind them that their language is useless and that they should be ashamed of it . 
  yes , they came , brought their language , then were expelled and the language disappeared with them . 
  arabic was still only the language of the ruling classes , with most of the rural population speaking romance variants : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mozarabic_language . 
  and this is not at all related to my original argument , but i 'm gon na stop replying because the original poster did n't bother to even reply to my comments . 
  arabic speakers nowadays are inmigrants , or children of inmigrants . 
  arabic language was completely removed from the iberian peninsula in the xvii century . 
  so that argument is not logically valid , since the languages shown in the map are still - if only scarcely for some - spoken , and have a historic continuity beginning with the origin of each language . 
  look , i 've already said it in my original post . 
  the map shows the historic range of occitan , whether you like it or not . 
  scattered around that territory , there are tens if not hundreds of thousands of speakers left . 
  why deny it ? 
  the map is not showing arabic speakers because arabic has n't been a historic language that has developed in france . 
  there are zero speakers of occitan ? 
  zero ? 
  if not , it is spoken there . 
  it 's been almost completely eradicated , but it has survived to this day . 
  as always , a french redittor trying to make sure everyone knows that languages other than french have been exterminated by the french government and will remain so . 
  this animation is trying to show the historic range of languages ; if you look at it again , you 'll see that the occitan region is shaded with the color of french , meaning that both are spoken there , with french being the dominant . 
  this map tries to show the evolution of languages in these areas . 
  should france be all the same color , should we delete all evidence that other languages were ( and still are ) spoken there ? 
  even if there was only 1 speaker left , or zero , it is linguistically interesting to show the historic ranges of languages . 
  do tell us , what goes on inside the apostolic palace 's innermost rooms ? 
  catalan is the only official language of andorra ; at the same time , andorra is the only independent country in the world that has catalan as an official language . 
  everyone has to study catalan at school and it 's the language of the government . 
  if you visit their website http://www.govern.ad/ , you 'll see that it 's in catalan . 
  french and spanish are spoken too , due to their proximity and the high number of immigrants . 
  historically , they were mostly spanish during the dictatorship ( 1939-1975 ) , and also french during nazi occupation . 
  nowadays , i guess it 's mostly criminal gangs , there are some eastern european ones in there . 
  well , that 's right , it would n't make sense to consider them a nation of smugglers , especially considering that most of the smugglers are not andorran themselves . 
  there was ( and still is ) a lot of smuggling going through andorra , especially during the dictatorship . 
  a lot of people still go there to buy tobacco and alcohol because of their low taxes . 
  depends on your definition of normal : http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/normal, 
  some of the actors have a very strong english accent , have n't they ? 
  maybe i 'm not acquainted enough with irish , but to me some of them had ... very english r 's , and such . 
  what did you guys do to the trees ??!, 
  when someone asks me , i usually say ` catalonia ' , and most of the times i only get confused stares ... then i say , mmmm ... barcelona , and everyone 's like , aaahh !!!, 
  then someone says , paella , toros , flamenco !, 
  ... smh, 
  well , it 's been the established view for a long time . 
  thankfully now things are changing . 
  well , i do n't know , i 've heard so many things ... 
  when you say something 's not normal , most people understand it 's ` bad ' . 
  perhaps more uncommon would be better . 
  yeah , it 's so fashionable to be a minority !, 
  you can be discriminated against , yeah !!, 
  people shout slurs to you !, 
  you can be killed in some countries !!, 
  i mean , come on . 
  i hope you 're joking . 
  with normal , do you mean ` most common ' ? 
  if so , i agree with you . 
  other than that , all sexualities are equally normal . 
  they 're not saying all of them are gay . 
  sexuality is a spectrum , and a lot of people have classified themselves as ` straight ' , while they could also be attracted to some degree to the same sex .
