  it 's just not possible to reform this country . 
  i really feel bad for the spanish people and for unidos podemos , i really thought there would be a change in this election but alas all the polls were wrong . 
  imho this will drive more people towards independence , especially ` federalists ' and other kinds that still see hope in a spain that just does not exist , a spain that is too old and afraid and tired to actually change anything . 
  maybe podemos should start stealing money and being corrupt to the core , it seems to be the only way to attract votes in spain . 
  people ask me why i want independence still ... do i want to be part of a country where a third ( a third !! ), 
  of the voters think pp is the best possible government we could ever have !, 
  ( and qu\u00e9bec , 
  catalonia , please . 
  i 'll remind you of the fact that a nation does n't need to be independent to exist in the first place . 
  authentic paella with chicken , smoky chorizo , clams , shrimps and lobster !!, 
  \u0ca0_\u0ca0 also , high five !, 
  it 's rare to see this flair around here . 
  it 's not a claim , paella was created in valencia , in fact paella means pan in catalan , as in cooking/frying pan . 
  it was originally a poor people meal cooked on sundays . 
  lots of families still cook it every sunday . 
  ` rice with things is not paella ' . 
  i do n't understand why this is so difficult to get . 
  i 've made this explanation before at / r/cooking or similar and was downvoted as well . 
  `` well i do n't care what you say , i 'll just make rice with chorizo and olives and salmon and call it paella ' . 
  you know , some countries have more than 1 official language . 
  and it 's crazy how catalan is not considered an official language having about 10 million speakers . 
  the * second republic . 
  what 's interesting is that * clann * comes from old welsh * plant * ( children ) ultimately from latin * planta * ( plant ) , in the sense of ` thing that grows ' . 
  other english cognates ( etymologically related words ) include plane/plain , flake , and floor . 
  not even gon na try to reply to you . 
  1 ) the basques were there before spain and france , the ` new ' states if any are the spanish and french ones that ripped the basque lands in two . 
  2 ) yes , if that 's what the people want ? 
  is the current state of the world set in stone so that no other country may ever form or disappear ? 
  i think they 're right . 
  i lived above a fast-food restaurant once and the smell was unbearable , it wafted up to all the rooms and the house stank of oil . 
  it 's very unpleasant . 
  is there no push to just use the irish names ? 
  here we also had spanish bastardisations of names but most of them have fallen into disuse or just sound very wrong , even for native spanish speakers . 
  why is n't the name either inis eoghain or owen 's island ? 
  why this weird english adaptation ? 
  why is this one of the most used arguments against catalonia 's independence ? 
  i 'm sure there 's lots of reasons one could be against it but catalonia never having been independent ( which is debatable ) is not one of them . 
  lots of countries in europe and the world were never independent before . 
  is n't it a circular argument ? 
  you ca n't be independent if you 've never been independent ? 
  yes , every single case is different , but that 's no excuse to say that catalonia 's independence is literally impossible because it 's not like scotland . 
  in my many years of reddit i have only met two andorrans !, 
  i 'm not sure if it was in r/europe however . 
  yeah but i do n't even have optical fibre where i live , and there 's only one provider to ` choose ' from . 
  and i pay more than 30 $ for a 2.5 mb/s connection ... ( aka the download speed is capped at about 300 kb/s ) :'(, 
  you consider yourself a ` liberal ' but you would be ok with ethnic cleansing . 
  right . 
  great , now people are also downvoting those complaining about genocide calls . 
   if hitler came back and started a gypsy holocaust [ ... ]  call me a nazi yeah , that 's what you are if you agree with those ideas . 
  who else deserves genocide , now that we 're at it ? 
  jews ? 
  the list is open , come on , there 's so many ethnic or social groups to eradicate yet !!, 
  edit : more downvotes ? 
  do you realise you 're cheering for ethnic cleansing ? 
  that map is so strange because it seems so get most languages right but the catalan boundaries are horribly wrong ( i.e. 
  some of the shaded regions are not catalan-speaking and some catalan-speaking regions are not shaded ) . 
  the word is very close , it would be pronounced ( roughly ) somethig like ` feen ' . 
  v and f are the same consonant , but one is voiced and one unvoiced , like d ant t. 
  not at all . 
  in modern , casual speech , then yes , but again that 's because of english influence . 
  look for a video with an old speaker , you wil not hear the retroreflex/postalveolar approximant that english and hiberno-irish speakers have . 
  as the other commenter said , that 's due to english influence . 
  originally and for older speakers it 's an alveolar flap , a different sound . 
  it 's more or less the scottish r and close to the pronunciation of the t in the word metal of you 're american . 
  irish r is an alveolar flap like in russian or spanish , it 's never pronounced like an english r. 
  is it ? 
  but what happens after independence though ? 
  do the supporters suddenly stop being given the nationalist label ? 
  i mean , i 'm sure most icelandic citizens agree that their country should be independent , but that does n't make them nationalist . 
  and i know nationalists here who are not independentist . 
  how far can you go knowing only english ? 
  no georgian or russian ( i actually do n't know how useful russian would be nowadays ) . 
   tried sure and old basque tactic : you 're a disgusting xenophobe . 
  i 'm not sure , l\u00e1 is day or also daylight/dawn , but not evening . 
  f\u00e9ile is only used for festivals . 
  it goes to show you ca n't always trust google !, 
  it 's literally , happy feast of ( st. ) patrick to you all !, 
  l\u00e1 = day f\u00e9ile = feast ( festival ) sona = happy/lucky/fortunate daoibh = to you ( all ) . 
  it 'd be duit if you were talking to just one person . 
  nobody here takes their shoes off , i have friends who even wear sneakers all day in their house . 
  i 'd love to do it but i can only do it during the summer as our floors are usually stone/tile and very cold . 
  but it 's mostly a cultural thing , when my grandma sees me with my shoes off she starts complaining about how i 'll get a cold and how we 're not that poor that i ca n't wear shoes . 
  so i guess there wo n't be definitive results until tomorrow morning then . 
  i do n't envy the people that are going to stay up all night counting . 
  this is so slow !!, 
  2 hours and only 4 small towns ? 
  do you see gl working with the other parties who are definitely more right-wing ? 
  they 'd have to compromise a lot i guess . 
  it seems that it 'll be very unlikely with the most-voted party being vvd , and d66 not being particularly left-wing ( economically ) . 
  ouch !, 
  i think that 's more ... charming , i 'd take that over a dark , interior room any day . 
  those windows can be replaced at least !, 
  but yeah , if you live in a street with lots of traffic it 's like sleeping in the middle of it . 
  i for one strongly dislike most of barcelona 's apartments . 
  there 's nice places in the centre ( eixample , etc ) that were built a 100 years ago , with high ceilings , lots of light , etc. 
  but most apartment buildings were built en masse in the 60s and 70s , they all look the same and are dark and low-quality , and very expensive to make it worse . 
  i 've seen people paying more than 300 $ for a glorified closet with no windows . 
  thanks !, 
  would you recommend any newspaper as well ? 
  and is n't there an official government website ?
