  i think not . 
  i think both genders face ludicrous social expectations and it 's against that that we need to fight , not against the people working towards ending women 's social expectations . 
  fighting against problems that affect men does not mean looking away from problems affecting women . 
  prostate cancer is an issue ; let 's build a social movement to de-stigmatise it and spread awareness instead of taking away from breast cancer ; let 's build equality up , not level it down . 
  more men die of suicide than women , but also more women attempt suicide than men . 
  and let 's not fall into the narrative that somehow white , heterosexual men are the most oppresed group in the world . 
  i 'm not saying that but it 's disingenuous to believe that men and women face the same societal issues . 
  of course everyone deserves the same rights and protection but this is like saying ` straight people need pride too ' or ` white people need a white histoyry month ' . 
  oh right , well then if those things are n't over as we know , i do n't see how being ` bombarded ' with these issues ( if such a thing happens anyway ) is a problem . 
  especially with feminism , there 's so many misunderstandings and so many people pretending it 's about killing all men that it 's ridiculous . 
  of course we are ` bombarded ' with social issues , that 's because the issues are there and pretending they do n't exist will not make them go away . 
  oh no , we 're so bored , why ca n't these people stop asking for rights ? 
  / s if you think misogyny , racism , homophobia and others are over , you need to have a better look at the world . 
  these two users are obsessed . 
  it 's always the same two posting anti-catalan stuff and talking to them is like talking to a wall . 
  they 're very quick to call you a fascist and they think everyone that calls them out has a secret agenda . 
  i hope you do n't believe the things you write ; and if you 're trolling , you'e doing a really bad job . 
   `` fascists , shits , go eat shit , you rob us , you kill us , you rape us , you 're francoists '' . 
  are you 11 ? 
  i only see one thing in this thread : people with spanish flairs calling catalan independentists fascists . 
  the levels of spanish propaganda here are disgusting . 
  now we 're being called fascists by a few users with spanish flairs . 
  look at the video at the end of this article : http://www.vilaweb.cat/noticies/la-fiscal-en-cap-de-barcelona-vaig-temer-per-la-meva-integritat/ judge for yourselves if that is fascist harassment . 
  this will probably get quickly downvoted but i ca n't believe the blatant , in-your-face levels of propaganda that get posted by a couple of users in this subreddit who are obsessed with posting anything that can be remotely used to portray independence supporters as a bunch of scary nazis , while those users themselves have been posting the vilest homophobic , sexist and racist comments in the past . 
  edit : you 're not going to show [ meps ] ( https://twitter.com/stevenshelga/status/831524561590087680 ) who are appalled by the actions the spanish state is taking , right ? 
  it does , but a great first step is to welcome it instead of hindering it . 
  only if the websites were translated , etc. 
  that would be a step . 
  instead , my father lost his wallet while we were on a holiday in rome and the embassy staff scoffed at us ( we 're valencian ) because we were speaking in catalan , and one of them said : `` no ser\u00e9is independentistas de esos tambi\u00e9n no ? '', 
  obviously that 's just anecdotic but it goes to show that we need a big change in mentality . 
  you mean , their exppiry dates ... ? 
  ( i 'll see myself out now ) . 
  yeah , pp having still more than a third of the votes despite * all * the issues that have been surfacing does not give hope to anyone , but we can dream . 
  i 'm talking about officiality at the ` federal ' level . 
  i think it should be up to each state to decide their official languages , but other than that the 4 main languages should be equally official . 
  i should be able to go to a spanish embassy and use catalan . 
  ah , fresh , organic , locally-produced memes . 
  truly the best . 
  the common issue with all your paragraphs is that spain imposed castilian in places where other languages were spoken . 
  now in most of these places castilian is the majority language . 
  so now you say we will never be able to have full equality . 
  let 's look at canada . 
  french and english are both official throuought the country , even though there are basically no french speakers in , say , alberta . 
  do you know why ? 
  because the fact that a language is minoritary does not mean it 's less important . 
  because even though english may be the lingua franca in canada , you can speak french in the parliament . 
  like in belgium , like in switzerland , like in sensible multi-national states . 
  spanish has been chosen and imposed as the lingua franca and we did n't have a say in that . 
  and now calling for equality of all spanish languages is nationalism . 
  saying ` but now most catalans speak spanish ' ( which is only true around barcelona ) does not address the issue . 
  that 's my view anyway but i know it 's not shared by most people in spain , or at least in spanish-speaking regions . 
  we already had our language as well before spanish was imposed . 
  why does spanish have to be the only official language ? 
  this is why we 're wary of ` federalist ' talks . 
  if you suggest something like switzerland where no language is above the others , ok . other than that it 's hard not to call it imperialist . 
  i beg your pardon ? 
  i do n't understand what you mean . 
  i was not trying to start an argument , my point was devoid of politics . 
  on the other hand , it always comes down to treating people like me as deluded nationalists . 
  spain is not an empire but lots of things feel a bit imperialistic to me from the castilian side . 
  why is catalan not official in spain outside the catalan-speaking regions ? 
  why is using catalan in the spanish * and * european parliaments illegal ? 
  why is castilian not only legal in catalan speaking regions , but also mandatory ? 
  if we 're all equal , how come spain is not like switzerland where all languages and cultures truly feel equal ? 
  why does castilian , which has been given the name of spanish , have the primacy ? 
  i do n't think he had a bad intention . 
  but it 's at the very least disingenuous to call catalan culture outside of spain spanish . 
  scotland 's case works because all of scotland is in the uk ; however i still think that describing [ cape breton ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cape_breton_island ) 's culture as british instead of just scottish is not very informative . 
  in the same way , going to the french basque country and calling them spanish because most basques are in spain is also logically wrong . 
  catalan culture does not only belong to catalonia . 
  here ` catalan ' does not mean ` from catalonia ' . 
  catalan culture is spread accross spain , france , andorra and italy . 
  you ca n't call andorra 's culture spanish just because most catalan people live in spain . 
  catalonia is a spanish ` region ' but this city is not and calling it spanish is not correct . 
  before anyone has said anything yet there 's already people complaining about catalans getting triggered . 
  no one is getting triggered here but it just does not make a lot of sense to call this city 's culture spanish . 
  yes , catalonia is in spain right now . 
  as such , you could argue that something ` catalan ' can be described as ` spanish ' . 
  saying that l'alguer is the most catalan city in italy does not imply that catalonia is independent , or that the person that is saying it is a supporter of catalan independence . 
  why be ambiguous saying ` the most spanish town ' , and at the same time erase the fact that this is culturally catalan ? 
  a navajo town is american yet you would n't call it ` the most american town ' . 
  a tibetan town in india would not be ` the most chinese town ' . 
  catalan culture is spread accross several states ( france , andorra , spain , italy ) . 
  therefore calling this city ` spanish ' makes as much sense as calling a basque town in france ` spanish ' , just because most basque people happen to live in spain . 
  10/10 i may or may not copy this for ... future reference . 
  ` you just speak a dialect ' . 
  especially with ... basque . 
  bar\u00e7a is the football team . 
  we call the city ` barcelona ' or ` barna ' if you want to be cool . 
  mainly the angles , the saxons , and the normans :p, 
   spain is a great nation , and the spaniards , very spaniard and much spaniard . 
  this will surely resonate through the halls of history for time immemorial . 
  do n't just stare at these times that are coming ; get down to the streets and get involved . 
  they can do nothing against a united , joyful and spirited people . 
  this was a bit hard to translate , if someone has a better idea do post it !, 
  if you want to be technically correct , whom is used for the oblique case , which in english takes the role of the accusative and the dative , although historically they were different ( acc . 
  * hwone * vs. dat . 
  * hw\u0101m * ) . 
  the one major exception is when you 've used * of * and then you have to use the genitive , as in ' a friend of mine ' . 
  why does everyone hate him so much again ?
