  he 's been chosen by popular vote after all has n't he ? 
  funny that they asked exactly 1984 people . 
  spain did n't exist back then !, 
  we got it before you , keep up !, 
  :p it was castile that took the longest . 
  we should 've also reported that guy in / r/food that made ` paella ' but his guests requested that he prepared it with the rice ` on the side ' . 
  i 'm not gon na link the thread but it 's out there and it still got 9k + upvotes :o it was a seafood soup with peas !!, 
  so it should be illegal for single parents to have children as well ? 
  it 's not whataboutism when we compare things and we find they 're not equal . 
  you will not get beaten up or assaulted for having/wearing a spanish flag in barcelona . 
  we ca n't say the opposite though can we ? 
  rrefusing to talk spanish to someone is not the same as going out of your way to assault someone for voicing their opinion . 
  reddit and specially / r/europe are staggeringly pro-monarchy for some reason . 
  i 've found you ca n't voice an opinion against monarchy , even if it 's polite or reasonable , without quickly getting at least 10 downvotes . 
  the real hostility is trying to walk around val\u00e8ncia with a t-shirt that has an * estelada * on it and fearing about being beaten up . 
  but he wo n't talk about that . 
  mate i 'm valencian as well , and i do n't know how much propaganda you must 've swallowed to feel ` threatened ' by * estelades * . 
  where 's the hostility , when has a catalan threatened you for being valencian ? 
  on the other side , there 's countless catalanophobic issues happening all the time here in val\u00e8ncia , how do you feel about that ? 
  no , you do n't understand , it 's all just propaganda !, 
  catalans must be the most gullible people in the world , i mean , artur mas once managed to trick more than 25 % of catalonia 's population into going to a demonstration in barcelona !!, 
  according to some posters here he must be the most convincing person in the world . 
  albanian * shkurt * and english * short * share the same root . 
  catalan * curt * as well !, 
  mfw we do n't even exist . 
  yeah but that 's sadly what happens with most of reddit , it 's us-dominated and people kind of assume you 're in the us to begin with . 
  in subreddits about products and things like that you feel a bit left out because the things available in your country are usually a narrower selection or just completely different things . 
  these miles are probably nautical miles , so actually 22.2 km . 
  i 've always liked [ demain c'est loin ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uq_x6nq8xk ) . 
  sandwich islands ? 
  what is this , the xviiith century ? 
  jokes aside , if you mean south georgia and the south sandwich , those are a regular british overseas territory , not crown dependencies . 
  if it 's not the hungarians being weird , it 's got to be the finnish !, 
  well that 's cheating because galician is extremely close to portuguese . 
  i have no problems understanding written portuguese but for the spoken language it needs to be slow and i need to get used to it first , otherwise it just sounds a bit like russian . 
  being a catalan speaker does n't really help though because spanish is closer to portuguese anyway . 
  do you get many news about the catalan referendum ? 
  the gini coefficient only looks at the inequality in the distribution of income . 
  it does n't value if it 's ` just ' or ` unjust ' . 
  there 's a very big disconnection . 
  most people do n't know what 's going on at the other side of the border and not a lot of them have traveled there even though it 's so close and the language is so similar ( although spoken portuguese is very hard for spanish speakers to understand ) . 
  so united europe = globalism = socialism ? 
  i 'm not surprised you post regularly in the_donald . 
  yup , i 'd be down for that as well . 
  if we 're treated as equals in europe , that 's a project i can get behind . 
  there 's enough negative feelings about catalans and basques , portugal sadly does n't really come up at all in spanish news though . 
  it 's weird although it 's true that most spaniards only know portugal for being ` poor ' and for ` towels ' . 
  i do n't think he speaks 73 languages fluently ( i do n't believe that 's possible for a human ) , but he could certainly speak more than 10 fluently and at least be able to read/understand quite a bit in all the others . 
  his catalan is certainly spot on and he barely has an accent . 
  sadly the eu is called ` ue ' in romance languages . 
  oh i know , what i meant was that if a european female user was subscribed to / r/skincareaddiction ( to use the example of the post above ) , it 's likely that she would be subscribed to / r/europe as well . 
  but i agree that lots of subs ( even non-hateful ones ) can be hostile to women . 
  it 's also typical to assume that all posters are male , and some people do it unconsciously ( like when they assume another user 's sexuality ) . 
  and then there 's the `` i 'm not a feminist , i 'm an equalist '' kind of ` debate ' that always goes on in this website as well . 
  but surely women in reddit are not only subscribed to ` female-heavy ' subreddits . 
  i 'm sure the mods have got the data . 
  where are the european women ?!, 
  probably doing something more useful with their lives i bet :p, 
  yeah but then there should be at least 30 % !!, 
  90 % men users is a bit crazy . 
  what 's stopping european women to come to / r/europe ? 
  let me introduce you to / r/fullcommunism / , where fully automated luxury gay space communism is our daily stuff . 
  meps ' salaries are about 100,000 $ a year , plus they get a monthly ` general expenditure ' allowance of 4,000 + $ , plus travel expenses and a 300 $ daily subsistence allowance during parliamentary activity periods , plus other expenses sometimes . 
  at the * very least * their salaries are 10,000 $ a month . 
   :| ;d edit : i 'm not saying that i 'm happy there are no women around ( why is that anyway ?? ), 
  but hey ... 
  it 's vojvodina , not banat . 
  hm , right . 
  i 'm not sure if people around here would understand me if i said bullidor though although it seems the most appropiate term . 
  not to mention the palaces in which their bishops and such live in . 
  i wish people around here knew those exist !, 
  i guess they used them back in the day but nowadays no one knows that modern kettles exist and they always boil a pot of water of microwave a mug to get hot water . 
  we do n't even have a word for kettle !, 
  it was not until i moved abroad that i got to know them . 
   this could be said about both the independentist and the unionist users ... 
  i 'm not talking about everyone , i 'm talking about a specific group of users who are very vocal about their dislike for anything related to this topic . 
  people who have been around for a while know them very well . 
   do they ? 
  or do they just not share the same opinion as you ? 
  not everyone who disagrees with you is a facha . 
  i 'm not saying everyone is but there are certainly some users who definitely * are * . 
  when you hear them speak it 's like listening to francoist fanboys and sometimes it 's even hard to tell if they 're trolling or not . 
   where 's your evidence of this ? 
  you 're painting everyone with the same brush . 
  there are republicans , federalists , socialists , whatever who are against catalan separatism ( any most of them pro referendum ) literally every single thread where catalonia or the referendum are mentioned . 
  how can we deny that they hate catalans because they do n't feel spanish ? 
  republicans , federalists , socialists , etc. 
  are not the aim of my complaint ; they would usually say , ' i favour the referendum but i would vote no because such and such ' . 
  that 's fine and they do it sometimes in here . 
  but you know they 're not the majority . 
  how many of them do you believe thinks that spain is a multi-national state ? 
   no it 's not . 
  it 's going to be unitaleral because a referendum would be against the spanish constitution . 
  just as it would be against most countries ' constitutions in the eu . 
  i find that a very poor argument . 
  first of all , where 's the will to change the constitution ? 
  we know it 's not there and it 's not going to be there possibly in our lifetime . 
  what can we do then ? 
  if the referendum is never going to be viable through the spanish legality , should we just ignore it and pretend we do n't want it ? 
  what 's the solution then ?
