  most of those are the same people that brigade every thread like this . 
  it does n't represent european 's opinion at all . 
  ` we could provide citizenship to the inhabitants of these regions that ask for it ' = ` annexation ' , yeah . 
  and it was n't even an official stance , just his opinion . 
  no , of course not . 
  the point that i was trying to make is that the fact that the outcome of an important decision is decided by the people is not inherenty ` good ' . 
  yes , theoretically they would be recognised in all those other countries . 
  source : http://europa.eu/youreurope/citizens/family/couple/marriage/index_en.htm, 
  if there was a referendum in the southern states of the usa back in the day , and they voted yes to keep slavery , would that have been good ? 
  i think you 're looking for r / european . 
  ha , but it 's like if you guys were on a team called ` totally not a team ' . 
  if there was n't a legend , how would you know you 're ` not in any region ' ? 
  i also like this map : http://gulf2000.columbia.edu/images/maps/caucasus_ethno-linguistic_groups_lg.png the situation in the caucasus is very interesting ; there are dozens of distinct ethnical groups , each one of them with their own language . 
  those languages belong to lots of different families , and some of them are isolated ( like basque ) . 
  lots of them have features that are very rare in the world 's languages , or at least in europe , such as an [ ergative alignment ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ergative%e2%80%93absolutive_language ) ( that is also present in basque ) , or very large consonant inventories : ubykh ( a recently extinct language ) had up to 84 different consonants : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ubykh_phonology , however , even though it 's one of the most extreme cases , languages with similar consonant inventories are still found in that area . 
  it does n't really make sense to have a map like this where the regions are composed of countries instead of cultural regions . 
  corsica and southern france have a lot more in common with other mediterranean regions like italy or catalonia than the netherlands , for example . 
  and why are great britain and ireland ` not put into a region ' ? 
  is it that fringe though ? 
  i really do n't know if you 're trying to troll me as well right now . 
  do you honestly believe that gay men act like `` hypersexualized baboons and clowns '' ?? 
  that is such a childish and inmature thing to say . 
  i take it you 've never been to a pride parade , and you 're basing your opinions on things you 've read on the internet . 
  my opinion is of course subjective as well , but you 're trying to paint yourself as someone with a high sense of virtue and decency , while denying that internalized homophobia . 
  i hope you never have to deal with someone discriminating you for who you are , or someone that thinks your behavior is indecent , or your very existence . 
  i hope you do n't agree with them on that occasion , too . 
  you can agree with some of the points someone else is making , as long as it 's not obvious that they 're trolling you . 
  but whatever . 
  you believe in public decency and proper etiquette . 
  what do you think is more important , your subjective opinion on what is decent and what is not , or the ability to express yourself the way you want to ? 
  i 'm just saying , not so long ago , most people thought that holding hands or kissing your boyfriend in the street were indecent and ` not proper ' . 
  think about it . 
  man ... you ca n't say that you agree with him while he says that it 's ok to rape men and that homosexuality is disgusting . 
  but to each their own . 
  do you know that i 'm gay too ? 
  while i would n't participate in a parade dressed in drag or whatever , people are free to do so if they want . 
  the point is that we have to be able to express ourselves , and not conform to the views of most of the society . 
  it 's not like people are having sex on the street . 
  most of them are just celebrating , there are families , kids , etc. 
  yeah , some guys do n't wear a t-shirt , and some people wear sparkly dresses . 
  so what ? 
  are you familiar with the concept of internalized homophobia ? 
  let people be free to express themselves , and remember it 's thanks to those drag queens and men in sparkly underwear that we have the rights that we have today , since they were not afraid of ` what will people think ' . 
  first of all , not all pride parades are `` a specticle of debauchery and degeneracy '' . 
  there is a historical reason why they exist , and if you 're gay , you should really read up on it . 
  other comments in this thread have summed it up quite nicely . 
  second of all , you 're replying to a troll account , take a quick glance at his post history where he defends rape and spews out homophobic comments . 
  that totally misses the point of the parades in the first place . 
  i 'm not going to continue this conversation , however , because it seems quite clear that you 're a troll . 
  have a good day . 
  after reading your comment , do you now realize why we need these parades ? 
  well , perhaps my wording was n't the best . 
  in some of those places , the language has indeed shrunk , as you said because of those countries ' language policies . 
  what i was talking about were the territories where it is the traditional language , much like irish is the language of the whole ireland even though english is more spoken there , with irish being some sort of ` national ' language . 
  i think ireland does something similar , providing citizenship to northern irish people , although i do n't know about the details . 
  it would be something similar to that . 
  i do n't think it is such an extreme proposal . 
  i do n't know this guy , in fact i had n't heard of him before he appeared on the news . 
  i do n't know if he 's an idiot though , he was expressing his opinion in a certain context , and it 's an opinion that i mostly agree with , although i do n't know if he has a well-thought proposal or if it 's just a one-sentence thing has has been blown out of proportion . 
  you 're not trying anything ... 
  but i still do n't understand what you want to say by posting the estatut . 
  i have already said that the language debate is a moot point . 
  if that 's your opinion about the catalan countries , then so be it . 
  i have explained the meaning of those words . 
  but if you want to think that valencian is a different language , then you will also need an interpreter when you travel to mexico or argentina , because they also speak different languages there . 
  i do n't know what you 're trying to get at in there ? 
  are you really trying to have this debate ? 
  because even if some government decided 40 years ago to write that the official language is valencian : 1 . 
  it does not mean that it 's a different language than catalan ; as i said , it 's only a different name , and 2 . 
  even if the valencian government for some reason went crazy and decided to say that we speak a different language , it would have no actual implications . 
  catalan is spoken in valencia and that is a scientific fact that 99.99 % of linguists will agree with . 
  i can say whatever i want , but i ca n't change the reality . 
  this is n't even a debate anymore . 
  you ca n't deny the law of gravity , and you ca n't deny that the languages spoken in vinar\u00f2s and ulldecona are the same . 
  in valencia we speak catalan , but we also call it valencian to indicate the varieties of catalan spoken here . 
  like you can call andaluz the spanish spoken down there . 
  are you one of those that want to insist that valencian is a different language ? 
  because from a linguistics point of view , it 's a non-issue . 
  do you deny that there currently exist territories whose own historical language is catalan ? 
  catalan countries is the name of all those territories . 
  you saying they do n't exist is like me saying the francophonie does n't exist . 
  the difference is that we advocate for the union and independence of these territories . 
  you can be against that , of course , but you ca n't say that catalonia , valencia and mallorca do n't exist . 
  yes , the cup , and erc to a lesser extent , are pancatalanist . 
  there are however , different ways of understading this . 
  for some , they view it as an imperalist stance , saying that ` catalonia wants to control them all ' . 
  i see it as a confederation of countries that are part of something bigger and want to cooperate between themselves and have the political and international recognition to do so . 
  the name issue is a different one , since a lot of people do n't like the fact that it 's named after catalonia . 
  i myself do n't really care about that . 
  what these parties are advocating for is that each territory should have a say in the way the want to administer theselves . 
  the goal is to have all catalan countries united in the same nation , but how we achieve this is up to the people in each country . 
  they are not forcing anything from catalonia . 
  they ca n't impose a referendum in valencia . 
  when valencians feel ready and want to hold a referendum , they will , but not before . 
  they are offering citizenship not because they are aragonese , but because they 're from the franja ( the catalan-speaking territories ) . 
  and we 're not trying to recreate the crown of aragon , we 're trying to start a new country where all catalan-speaking regions are included . 
  valencia and mallorca do n't need to have been administered by catalonia in order to do so . 
  i agree that it sounds shady to just offer nationality to another country 's citizens unilaterally . 
  the issue here is the same as always : if the spanish state is not willing to talk and to negotiate , there are no agreements or treaties that can be arranged . 
  if catalonia becomes independent in the future , then these talks will have to be initiated again , since you ca n't ignore the demands of some people ( like myself ) that would want to hold a catalan passport too .
