  oh those poor things . 
  edit : cue downvotes from salty spanish nationalists . 
  on s ` haveu amagat ? 
  it 's the closest to a disney movie that you guys have :p, 
  so they 're only deluded and nationalists if they are not from an existing independent country ? 
  a british nationalist is alright and not deluded , right ? 
  the main parties in spain like to say they are not nationalist , that it 's only the catalans , and at the same time they fill their mouths with talks about making the country one and indivisible and how everyone 's spanish and great . 
  i do n't think you and i have anything to talk about . 
   societat civil catalana now you 're showing your true colours . 
  where did you get that lapse rate from ? 
  the standard lapse rate is about -6.5 \u00ba / km, 
  the mean is actually a pretty poor statistic because it 's not robust ; the median is a much better choice . 
  * the dispossessed * , by ursula k. le guin . 
  who is upvoting this shit ? 
  notice how i said ` main ' . 
  of course there are more and we 're proud of them as well ( did you know that occitan is official in the whole of catalonia ? ), 
  spanish is not the mother tongue of most spaniards in certain places . 
  it is certainly not my mother tongue . 
  i know spanish because i had to learn it at school and because there 's a lot of media pressure in spanish , but i did n't choose it . 
  also remember that castilian spanish is only one of the 4 main languages of spain , so it 's not everyone 's mother tongue although everyone is forced to learn it . 
  statu quo means simply the current state of things . 
  as such , what i mean is that a country that is currently unrecognised might become so in the near future . 
  the number of countries in the world is not set as some like to think , but answers to the current geopolitical situation and the will of the people . 
  remember that greece was also once a ` disputed nation ' . 
  the current statu quo is always temporary . 
  that does n't mean that castile has ceased to exist , although it 's not independent for sure . 
  castile and catalonia are two different countries . 
  and no , i do n't think spain will let us separate just like that , but we will keep pushing and we ' l do it on our own if we have to . 
  you guys succeeded , now it 's our turn . 
  he 's still in office if they do n't recognise the fascist goverment as legitimate . 
  and shoot them afterwards ? 
  did you know that llu\u00eds companys is the only elected president in the history of europe killed while in office ? 
  well , that depends very much on spain . 
  would you rather have another switzerland as a neighbour , or a north korea ? 
  you can help catalonia or hinder it . 
  i get what you mean , but we all know that these juridic decisions are very political in nature . 
  do you know that these judges are appointed by the ruling party ? 
  that all of them have links with either pp ( the conservatives ) or psoe ( the social-democrats ) ? 
  it 's nice to hear that from you . 
  i 'm still skeptical . 
  and the situation in france could be much better ; none of those languages are co-official in their regions , for example . 
  can you learn them at a public school , from primary level all the way to unversity ? 
  i guess that , if at all , they will only be electives and they wo n't get a lot of hours . 
  are there any media in those languages ? 
  our independence process is pacific , we do n't have an army and we are not planning on having one either , and i very much doubt that spain is going to get involved militarly in this . 
  they could not apply it , if they wanted to . 
  that 's how the two referendums in qu\u00e9bec happened . 
  they were also ` illegal ' beforehand . 
  yeah , but we 've been trying to get a legal referendum for years . 
  it can not happen under the current spanish law and there 's only 1 party out of the main 4 that favours holding a referendum , the others are 100 % against it . 
  what should we do ? 
  pretend that the issue is not there and forget about it ? 
  lots of countries in europe have declared their independence unilaterally and no one has a problem recognising them nowadays . 
   and i 've never met anyone who has anything against regional languages i 've had * dozens * of different french users here on reddit try to convince that occitan does n't exist and no one speaks it and i find that generally french people show a strong rejection of any language that is spoken natively in france but is not standard parisian french . 
  i know it 's not everyone but the french state has actively fought for centuries to suppress regional identities and languages in order to unify the country . 
  they do not really seem to understand the meaning of ` unilateral ' . 
   but scotland and ireland have got nothing in common . 
  maybe you want to rethink that statement . 
  independentist , but valencian . 
  erc voter because they 're the best representation we have ( as the cup does not run for this kind of elections and comprom\u00eds is not openly pro-independence ) . 
  erc is a party that is very close to my views although i do lean further to the left . 
  if i could n't have voted for erc my vote would have gone to the coalition with bildu though . 
  i 'm really torn between efa and united left ( which i feel closer to , especially in economic terms ) but efa gives us a chance to have a voice in europe , so there 's that . 
  european free alliance , of course . 
  i was in graz today and it was such a nice day outside , sunny but not too hot . 
  i do n't want to go back home  . <, 
  hey , do n't complain , we do n't get sub-20\u00ba temperatures for months . 
  we never usually get anything over 33-35\u00ba but it 's also never colder than 21-22\u00ba . 
  you 've just said it so yourself . 
  somehow i still think that pdc is more left-wing than the us democrats . 
  yeah typical behaviour . 
  it 's true about the ebre region though , i think there 's also lots of pxc support in there as well but i 'm not quite sure . 
  i know , i know , i was just wondering about psc though . 
  still need to get used to pdc however . 
  ( also now we have dem\u00f2crates i republicans , luckily our republicans are not the same as the us ones :d ), 
  is psc in favour of those ? 
  i ca n't recall hearing anything about that . 
  you are a disgusting individual . 
  we still need to ban all other forms of ` popular ' things to do with the bulls like setting their horns on fire . 
  ca n't believe that still goes on . 
  he 's an idiot who killed bulls for fun for a living , end of the story . 
  you do not get automatic respect just because you died . 
  ah , come on , it only takes max . 
  half an hour to vote on a sunday . 
  those conscious voters that you speak of are maybe 5-10 % of the total who did n't vote , the rest just could n't care less . 
  there is really no excuse when you not voting makes it possible for pp to govern for another 4 years . 
  and where is that culture of anarchism when there 's no elections ? 
  where is the opposition to the government ? 
  yes ? 
  or at least give the people the chance to decide on it ? 
  how can people in val\u00e8ncia vote for pp as well ? 
  after 20 + years of shameless corruption , stealing and general fuckery that destroyed the country ... 
  it escapes my understanding . 
  it 's interesting because i think podemos and the like get more than half of their votes from the catalan countries , euskal herria and galicia . 
  without these nations , spain would be much , much more conservative ( basically only madrid and andalucia would still be clearly left-leaning ) . 
  reminds me of england and the uk . 
  i do n't understand how it 's so difficult to get off the couch and drag your arse for 20 minutes to vote . 
  you only have to do it once every 4 years !!, 
  ( ok , now once every 6 months ) . 
  it 's always young people who can change things ( brexit , elections ) and it 's always them not voting .
