  or is nos already ` official ' ? 
  is there a website where we can see the results live ? 
  it depends , astronomical winter lasts until the 20th , but meteorological winter ends on the last day of february . 
  they 're all arbitrary divisions anyway . 
  was n't there a controversy because he made some homophobic remarks ? 
  i think i read about it a long time ago . 
  i sure hope not . 
  oh of course , i was just wondering how to make this fit in the current western social systems . 
  yeah , but what i mean is , are all parents equally responsible ? 
  then we would have to allow for a child to have more than two ` official ' parents , which i guess is not a stretch but can complicate things . 
  mostly it 's probably low social acceptance , but i think it 's not very straightforward , even if it 's 3 people living together . 
  there 's the matter of who gets what , etc. , and on top of that what if it 's not a totally symmetric relationship ? 
  what about any possible kids ? 
  there as to be a lot of debate about that . 
  most northern indian languages like hindi , gujarati , punjabi , bengali , etc. 
  are indeed indo-european . 
  the other big language family in india is the dravidian ( tamil , telugu , malayalam , etc ) in the south which seems to be the native family ( as opposed to indo-europeans who migrated there ) and is completely unrelated . 
  well , i agree , it 's not like i do n't know what that 's like . 
  but i still think the situation with spain is worse when anything other than spanish is simply not allowed at all . 
  but northern ireland is still a part of the uk , i want to think they will not forbid a northern irish mep from speaking in their language . 
  right now there 's only martina anderson but i do n't know if she speaks irish . 
  the issue here is that , for ` co-official ' languages ,  the official use of such languages can be authorised on the basis of an administrative arrangement concluded between the council and the requesting member state . 
  so while the uk government has allowed for welsh , irish and scottish gaelic to be used in the eu , spain does not allow catalan , galician or basque , in the same way they are not allowed in the state parliament . 
  what are you on about ? 
  leave me alone . 
  i 'm not talking about wilders here , i 'm talking about the same 3-4 users that run a hate campaign in this subreddit against anything related to catalonia , trying to make catalans look like nazis . 
  it 's pretty ridiculous . 
  i mean , the post has already been removed by the mods , it 's so obvious the title was editorialised . 
  http://dolca-catalunya.blogspot.com.es/ this is disgusting and people have to know that they 're upvoting a self-declared nazi . 
  it 's unbelievable . 
  ah yes , dol\u00e7a catalunya , a * demonstrably * fascist organisation ( aka , not ` omg , you 're fascist ' , but actual franco supporters ) , a great source . 
  are we going to take every single thing that every person has done ( allegedly ) to try and make a whole movement look bad ? 
  how about the policemen that insulted and threatened a man earlier this week for speaking catalan to them ? 
  do i have to show that or would you rather not ? 
  thanks for saving us from the populism , lies and xenophobia of those catalanazis !, 
  if it had n't been for you , how would / r/europe know that catalan independence supporters are literally the worst thing that 's ever walked on earth !? 
  i guess hitler was just trying to imitate us , but according to you he did n't even reach our level !, 
  i was wondering when this week 's anti-catalan piece was coming . 
  i 'm not even going to try to discuss the editorialised title or the claims about ` le pen/wilders ' level xenophobia because it 's just too ludicrous . 
  it 's funny that it 's always the same 3-4 users running this anti-catalan campaign in this subreddit . 
  you can be for or against it ( or just not care about it ) , but * constantly * posting anything that can be taken out of context and editorialised to make catalans look like child-eating nazis seems a bit like agenda pushing to me . 
  ` cultural marxism ' is an alt-right codeword for ` why wo n't you let us discriminate against you ' . 
  oh no , preaching tolerance is a one-way street to ... more tolerance for the lgbt community !!, 
  you say against tradition and religion , but which religion ? 
  only the appropiate local christian variety ? 
  what if * my * religion preaches acceptance of lgbt people ? 
  it 's funny how ` religious freedom ' only applies to certain religions then . 
  and traditions are not an excuse to keep things . 
  lots of terrible things have been traditional in the past . 
  marriage is not a human right , ok . what 's a human right is giving two consenting adults the same rights , no matter their sexuality . 
  it 's called non-discrimination . 
  i wonder where they get the water from . 
  if the bomb tests affected the local population ( gave them increased cancer rates , etc. ), 
  then yes , that 's an attack . 
  it 's been done on purpose and the effects are well known in advance , yet the tests are still carried away ; how is it not an attack ? 
  just because france colonised those pacific islands does n't mean they have the right to own the native people who lived there before . 
  were they asked about the nuclear tests ? 
  it 's not like the french wanted to kill the natives , they just did n't care about them getting cancer or having to move to another island . 
  it was their territory , but one day some white men came along and said , paris is now your capital , and we 're going to drop nuclear bombs on your islands . 
  i 'm not saying they dropped it on the people , but they still had lots of issues due to the bombs . 
  if the bomb is not dropped over you but on the island next to you , i 'd say that 's also an attack . 
  it 's like the us dropping a bomb on andorra and saying ` french people were never nuked ' . 
  i think they admit the ussr did a lot of fucked up things ( there 's proof of that , undeniable ) . 
  but they 're arguing that it was n't particularly directed at ukrainians , instead it affected other nationalities as well . 
  i do n't know enough about this issue , but i 'd rather think that the ussr government , as fucked up as it might have been , did not target specific nationalities for ethnic cleansing through starvation . 
  what did absolutely happen was forced population transfers of certain ethnicities , for example , crimean tatars and chechens , in which more than a milion died and which are recognised as genocides by the ukrainian government . 
  to be completely fair ( i 'm not getting involved in any argument , i just want to point this out ) there 's been a lot more nuclear attacks , but there were against ` natives ' and so they did n't ` matter ' that much : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pacific_proving_grounds https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/france_and_weapons_of_mass_destruction they 've also destroyed the lives of thousands though . 
  for romance languages that have two grammatical genders called masculine and feminine , things get a bit more complicated because the masculine form is also the standard/groupal form . 
  this is a bit silly because grammar itself is not sexist ; for example , swedish also has two genders , the common and the neuter , and they do n't get misidentified with male/female . 
  i would n't mind if a gender-neutral version of pronouns and endings were created , but it may take a lot of time until people actually use it . 
  it 'd be useful as well , if you 're talking about a person or an animal , you would n't need to asume it had a male or female gender . 
  i do n't think forcing is the solution , but a point should be made to show why these words might be offensive to certain groups of people . 
  you 'll usually find that the ones complaining are mostly the ones not affected and/or offended by these terms in the first place . 
  i 've been having a lot of free speech arguments in reddit lately . 
  people tend to think that free speech equals ` saying whatever the fuck i want , anytime , anywhere , and no one can stop me ' . 
  i do n't think you can do that in any modern state . 
  of course though , there 's a difference between hate speech and offensive speech . 
   cardiff metropolitan university 's revised code of practice states more appropriate terms should be used where possible . 
   `` do n't be too anxious about the use of language , though , '' the policy adds . 
  [ ... ] `` blind people do use terms like ` see you later ' and being too careful can make conversation difficult for both parties . '' some words may not be offensive to some but they 'll be ofensive to others . 
  i do n't know if there 's a need to ` ban ' anything , but is n't it easier to just say fire-fighters instead of firemen ? 
  the former will not offend or exclude anyone , and the latter may be found to do so . 
  i 'd like to ask what 's unreasonable about this list to all the people shouting ** free speech is dead !, 
  triggered !!!, 
  ** in this thread . 
  i mean , some suburbs are pretty nice , we do n't have that here ( maybe in the uk but it 's not the same ) . 
  but it 's not something you would travel for . 
  that , coupled with the sprawling shopping centres , car parks , and general lack of pedestrian spaces really makes a difference . 
  it 's not like it 's been better over here in the last few decades ; all european cities have a great deal of big , boring apartment blocks that are just cheaper and more profitable . 
  oh , i did n't know there was such a thing , shame . 
  i 'll look into it if i ever go back !, 
  yeah , voter turnouts are very small in the us generally . 
  it does n't help that they have a fptp voting system that pretty much condemns them to a two-party system . 
  but if enough young people had got out and voted we would n't be dealing with this mess right now . 
  i think american architecure is really boring , everything looks the same . 
  sure , manhattan is nice , but there 's nothing else like it ( chicago maybe ) . 
  i found washington dc to be closer to a european city because of the museums and public spaces , and maybe boston with the old streets . 
  other than that everything in america is 100-150 years old , tops . 
  every mid-sized city looks the same and it 's not particularly interesting , you feel the lack of distinct culture and history that you get by going to any small european town or city . 
  to be fair , only about 19.5 % of americans ( including those of non-voting age ) voted for trump , but i completely agree with you .
