  and i bet there 's enough catalan translators available ... 
  my argument for catalonia 's independence is not economic , it 's political and cultural . 
  i am in favour of solidarity , but as equals , not as subjects of another government . 
  we need a voice in the eu ( where , thanks to spain , it 's even illegal to speak our own language ) . 
  we need to be able to pass our laws without the continued veto of the spanish government . 
  we need to be able to protect our culture ( i.e. 
  spain saying last week that banning bullfighting is unconstitutional ) . 
  the netherlands was also a province of spain back in the day . 
  imagine you guys did n't achieve your independence yet . 
  how would you feel if dutch was left as a second-tier ` regional ' language ? 
  the netherlands would also be probably more economically successful than andalusia and their tax money would also go that way . 
  how would you feel though if i told you ` i 'm not naturally inclined to be very sympathetic to nationalist regional tendencies ' when you spoke of being able to hold a referendum on dutch independence ? 
  everyone gets treated as a regional nationalist until they have their own country , the same happend in the baltics , the balkans or the former austro-hungarian countries . 
  it 's a matter of history and perspective . 
  mainly because they oppose any other nation that is not the castilian-spanish . 
  when i think nationalism in europe , i think of parties such as orban 's party in hungary , or the british national party , or the far-right nationalists in scandinavia or greece . 
  i do n't think erc has anything to do with those . 
  that sounds like a ciutadans voter for me , although they are economically right-wing . 
  do you also oppose holding a referendum in catalonia ? 
  i find it hard to believe they will be able to pass any laws . 
  what i 'm wondering though is if the parliament will abolish certain laws like pp 's new labour law . 
  and when catalonia gets its independence , do you think erc will still be considered nationalist ? 
  they are considered nationalist only because spain has labeled them so . 
  any normal left-wing party in a european country is hardly considered nationalist . 
  and you 're refusing to answer my questions ; oh well . 
  i do n't know , why am i a nationalist ? 
  in your definition , who is not a nationalist ? 
  why are we nationalists ? 
  because we want to have our own country ? 
  is psoe nationalist too ? 
  they want spain as their country . 
  podemos is open to a referendum but they are against independence . 
  are they nationalists as well ? 
  it 's a shame they have to act so surprised and offended , when he 's only telling the truth ( even though they did n't really let him speak , as always ) . 
  nice !, 
  i do n't think this is what anyone had in mind when talking about the end of bipartidism . 
  i guess the only thing that could happen is the opposition holding a confidence vote or something like that and triggering new elections . 
  but that wo n't happen in a year or two i guess . 
  it 's nice seeing how bipartidism has already died ; now spain is a one-party state ( ppsoe+n ational orange front ) . 
  surely that 'll bring stability for many years to come . 
  i hope no one votes psoe ever again ( and pp too , but people seem happy enough about the unabashed corruption ) . 
  oh , of course we should worry about it if it did happen , however it 's not perfectly clear yet whether it is possible , if it 's already happening and at which speed , and what effects it would have ( it 's extremely difficult to model ) . 
  the connection is more distant than many people think , however . 
  it 's not that ` warm water stops reaching northern europe -  colder climate ' ; the reality is much more convoluted , in the ways that the thc affects heat transport and air pressure systems by heat exchange between deep and shallow water and between those and the air temperatures and wind speeds above . 
  oceanic circulation is steered by wind circulation and viceversa , so you can understand how it can be pretty difficult to model these systems with lots of feedback loops and hundreds of variables at play . 
  not to nitpick , but the ` gulf stream ' explanation for western europe 's climate is a myth , here 's some well-explained answers : http://ocp.ldeo.columbia.edu/res/div/ocp/gs/ http://all-geo.org/highlyallochthonous/2012/06/what-do-you-mean-the-gulf-stream-doesnt-keep-europe-warm-how-even-scientists-are-afflicted-by-urban-myths/ basically it 's due to the rocky mountains and their effect on atmospheric circulation and heat transport east - and northwards . 
  it really depends on the resolution . 
  i agree that they may have used different ones for this map ; depending on the source , finland 's coastline can range from 1,000 to 30,000 km . 
  this shows you how meaningless this measurement is , unless we specifically state the scale by which we 're measuring things and use the same one throughout . 
  it depends , estonia has more than 2,000 islands so it 's easy for them to end up having a coastline of the same order of length than france . 
  to be fair , hagia sophia is also not a mosque nowadays . 
  well , that 's not only up to you to decide now , is it ? 
  but i 'm not going into this rabbit hole this time . 
  i 'll just say that the resemblance to spanish nationalists is amusing . 
  you mean england is . 
  oh , i agree ... 
  it 's just that i do n't want to defend correbous just because it 's ` less cruel ' . 
  it 's still cruel , so no excuses . 
  it 's not worth getting into an argument defending that certain barbaric practice is less cruel than another barbaric practice . 
  cornwall ? 
  come on , it does harm the bull , and even if it did n't harm it physically ( ... ) it 's still quite scarring as an overall experience . 
  it does n't matter if bullfighting is worse or better , it 's still a despicable practice that has no place in our society . 
  [ literally no one . 
  ] ( http://www.naciodigital.cat/noticia/115525/manifestacio/favor/pais/catala/perpinya ), 
  all these guys are fighting the wrong fight . 
  i simply ca n't understand why they did n't ban those as well . 
  it does n't matter if they 're a catalan tradition or a spanish one , it 's equally barbaric and there is no excuse . 
  good luck telling the scottish - even the ones against independence - that they are not a country . 
  what are they then , a * community * like they did in spain ? 
  you just do n't get it , do you ? 
  when we declare that spanish laws and constitution are not valid in catalan territory , * they will not apply * , as simple as that . 
  it does n't matter if it says that every catalan citizen must spend two hours each day doing a handstand , since we will not follow those laws any more than we follow korean or chilean laws . 
  well , there is no other alternative right now , and lots - lots - of modern european countries have achieved independence the same way . 
  the world ca n't just go and pretend catalonia does n't exist , especially after we have effective control of our own territory . 
  if we ca n't get the spanish government 's cooperation , then we will declare spanish law void in catalonia and the referendum will be legal . 
  this time it will not be outside legality , but it 's up to spain to decide if it 's gon na be spanish or catalan legality . 
  note that the referendum that is being proposed next year is backed by 83 of the parliament 's 135 members , even though 11 of them are not openly pro-independence . 
  i love how it 's always us that are deluded . 
  i find that argument very demeaning , suggesting how millions of catalan citizens have been somehow tricked and dragged by artur mas and converg\u00e8ncia ( ?!?! ), 
  and this whole thing is just a ruse to cling to a governmental position for a few more years . 
  i do n't think that everything bad comes from madrid although lots of terrible things do come out of it . 
  i just want to have my own country , but it turns out that i 'm only a deluded nationalist and a pawn of converg\u00e8ncia , even though i wanted independence long before they even suggested support for it . 
  tough luck i guess . 
  if only there was a way of cutting all the drama bullshit , like holding a binding referendum ... hmmmm ... 
  catalan government 's statement tomorrow : `` if you allow us to hold a referendum , we 'll give 12 points to spain for the next 20 years . 
  come on , you know you 're never gon na get a better deal !! '', 
   sempre \u00e9s una agradable sorpresa . 
  certament !, 
  ac\u00ed tens un mapa : http://image.slidesharecdn.com/catalonia-110521102847-phpapp02/95/catalonia-and-the-catalan-countries-9-728.jpg?cb=1305973881 jo per exemple s\u00f3c del pa\u00eds valenci\u00e0 , al sud . 
  molta sort !, 
  haha, 
  that 's why i said maybe next time . 
  not that they improved their results anywhere , in fact they lost a seat . 
  meh , it 's not provocative or at least not primarily . 
  i 'm just writing my opinion on the topic , so it 's half banter and half showing my contempt for those lads . 
  i wish i could say the same about someone crying blue tears , maybe next time . 
  ( bable ? ), 
  yes , they did n't manage to get in the parliaments even though most polls had them with one seat . 
  etc , etc, 
  someone is crying orange tears for having even worse results than upyd back in the day .
