  spain ca n't act that childishly in the eyes of the whole europe . 
  you 've got ta admit that it 's quite unbelievable that this guy can be the prime minister of any country , not just spain . 
  he 's been acting very stupidly , especially lately . 
  there are a lot of politicians ( even pp members ) that are far more prepared and intelligent , for example the foreign minister margallo that i saw on the debate against junqueras . 
  i dont ' know how they are allowing him to stay as pm . 
  thanks !, 
  i do n't know what will happen either , i want to trust these guys because that 's what we 've got this time . 
  i do think that it will go ahead , but we 'll see in the near future . 
  perhaps we can solve it this time once and for all , then . 
  then there wo n't be any more territorial issues with catalonia any time shit hits the fan again . 
  alright , that depends on what you mean by ` strongest ' . 
  i just meant largest , but i 'm not an economist . 
  legality is a very delicate term . 
  in some countries , it is legal for the state to kill you . 
  slavery was also legal , as was the holocaust . 
  if a majority of catalan citizens do not recognise the legitimacy of spanish law in catalonia , and they manifest that by voting for independence , then the laws of spain stop applying in catalonia . 
  i would have independence first . 
  if we have to apply again to become a member of the eu , we will , since that would entail recognition from the other member states . 
  i do n't want my country to have the strongest army on earth , i just want a state that cares for its citizens , with a strong social democracy and a diverse economy . 
  a small country can accomplish that very well , just look at the scandinavian countries , or switzerland , or austria , or the benelux . 
  we can , that 's what the eu is for . 
  we have the strongest economy in the world , i think we 've accomplished something here . 
  i agree with you on that . 
  however , using the example of portugal , yes you are a member of the eu , but you are a direct member , you can send your representatives , you have your vote , and you still have your own country , your own laws . 
  catalonia just wants the same . 
  we are not directly under the eu , we are governed by spain . 
  how would you feel if portuguese was forbidden in the european institutions because it is a ` regional ' language ? 
  there are lots of smaller , successful states than catalonia . 
  we are not willing to give up that much sovereignty and leave it to spain to decide what 's best for us . 
  we 've been waiting 40 years under the promise of ' a change ' that never comes . 
  the economy is not that bad right now , not like it was 5-7 years ago . 
  what should we do , wait 5 more years ? 
  until we have a psoe/podemos government that is willing to ... what ? 
  at most , they are willing to federalize spain ( and we still have to see what their proposal entails ) , but what party is willing to hold a referendum ? 
  should we wait until a podemos absolute majority ? 
  you know very well that this is never going to happen . 
  edit : i 'm surprised by all the sudden downvotes in my posts . 
  if you do n't agree with me , write something and let 's discuss it , or just ignore my comments , but do n't go downvoting everything that i say . 
  what would you think if i just started to downvote every comment made by a username with a spanish flag ? 
  to further cooperation between its member states ? 
  i 'm not sure about what you 're getting at here . 
  but we ca n't wait until all europe agrees that it is time for us to decide our future , because it will never happen . 
  we have been waiting too long already . 
  europe has been saying for years that ` it 's an internal issue in spain ' , and they do n't want to get involved even though we 've been trying to get this issue to european levels . 
  what do then ? 
  just accept it and wait ? 
  we already had voted for a ` devomax ' in 2006 , by a referendum approved by the majority of catalans . 
  then , the spanish government took it down . 
  since then , independentism has only grown , together with the stubbornness of the spanish government in refusing to negotiate with catalonia . 
  now some parties are proposing some kind of federalisation to appease independentists , but the rest of spain ( with some exceptions ) does not care or even does not want that . 
  it 's a very assymetric situation . 
  furthermore , even if some people would agree to stay in spain if the relations with the spanish state improved , i would still advocate for independence even if they provided us with a super-ultra-devomax ; there is a large sector of independentists that simply do n't want the spanish government to dictate their laws nor to represent us . 
  they will have to respect the outcome of our elections , though . 
  it 's the democratic will of the people . 
  and i would say that most catalans do ' t view the spanish state ( their government , more accurately ) as an ally , at least the way it 's behaving right now . 
  i do think that catalonia 's economic situation will be better than it would be under the spanish . 
  by that logic , every small nation shold become part of a bigger state . 
  not everyone is willing to give up their independence just to be part of a bigger country . 
  i would want to be part of a european state , together with the rest of europe as equals , but not under the rule of spain . 
  would you give up portugal 's sovereignty and let yourselves be ruled by madrid ? 
  i do n't think that would turn out very well for you guys ... 
  the timing is horrible , you say . 
  we have been waiting for lots of years , we ca n't wait anymore until there are no problems left in europe because there will always be an issue here or there . 
  we have to decide when it 's time , that 's why we 're holding these elections now and not 10 years ago or 10 years in the future . 
  why would catalan independence destabilise europe any further ? 
  we are quite civil about our ways , no threats , no wars , no civil unrest , only democracy . 
  why is it that all other european countries have been allowed to become independent , but now that it 's our turn , we ca n't ? 
  well , even if they do n't like it , it 's the normal evolution of states and history . 
  countries are not immutable blocks , they evolve according to the necessities of their citizens . 
  if most catalan citizens are not willing to be part of the spanish state , then it 's time for them to part ways . 
  perhaps it will be more difficult at the beginning , but it 's gon na get better in at most 5-10 years . 
  the baltics also took a hit with independence ( and they were swicthing from communism as well ) , but now they 've recovered ; the same with the balkan countries . 
  we will not have to switch to capitalism , we will not suffer a war , we are already in the european union , complying with its regulations , and we use the euro . 
  i do n't think it 's gon na be that hard , as long as spain does n't try to do everything they can to stop catalonia . 
  they brought this upon themselves , now they 'll have to deal with the consequences . 
  however , since the uk does n't have a constitution , i think it 's easier for you guys to hold such a referendum . 
  nonetheless , it is of course primarily a matter of political will and maturity , and both of them are lacking in nowadays ' spain . 
  we would like a referendum as well , in fact the main independentist coalition has said : if we can get a referendum , we will not declare independece unilaterally . 
  but it is impossible with the current political situation in spain , since it would require changing the constitution with an extremely convoluted process that involves 2/3 majorities in the parliament and the senate , a national referendum , elections , another majority at the parliament , etc. 
  and 3 of the 4 biggest parties are against this reform . 
  how can it be achieved then ? 
  we 've been trying to do the referendum legally for almost 10 years , we 've talked to europe , we 've tried to pass laws making it legal , but the spanish government is not willing to cooperate . 
  what can we do , just say ` ok , we wo n't do anything ' ?? 
  no , we 're doing this by ourselves if we ca n't do it with spanish cooperation . 
  all the polls give a majority of seats ( although not all of them have a majority of votes ) for the independence side . 
  if they win , they have agreed on a 18-month plan to establish state structures such as our own revenue service , diplomacy , etc. 
  after that , independence will be declared formally . 
  that is the plan of junts pel s\u00ed , the biggest party ( coalition of center-right converg\u00e8ncia and left esquerra republicana ) . 
  there 's also the cup ( far left ) , which is also independentist , but they would like to declare independence the day after the elections . 
  since they wo n't have more votes than junts pel s\u00ed , they will have to agree with them on a joint plan . 
  i do n't know how that will work out . 
  i think you can be a european federalist and still give the people the just representation they demand . 
  why should catalan citizens be ruled by madrid if most of them do n't want to ? 
  we could work better in europe making sure that our voice is heard ; right now , in 2015 , it is still forbidden for catalan meps to speak catalan at european organisations ( this prohibition is , of course , enforced by spain ) . 
  the same could have been said when the baltics and the rest of the soviet union split up . 
  you had your chance of getting independence , why ca n't we ? 
  if scotland , bavaria or any other region has a majority of citizens that want their own state , they have the right to have it . 
  and it wo n't fracture europe at all , catalonia is quite pro-europe , we just want to represent ourselves in europe instead of being ruled by spain . 
  they use different indo-european roots , but they both come from proto-baltic . 
  we also have daurat ( golden ) .
