  w in welsh makes the sound of a short ( sometimes long ) u , like in pool or book . 
  and it seems to me that you are obsessed with this and and constantly have to remind everyone that they existed or how many bombs they put up . 
  this has zero relevancy today , it happened more than 30 years ago and no one wven thinks of these guys . 
  if you think they 're a good representative of the current independence process then tell me how so . 
  we were also just in personal union with the crown of castile , until the spanish war of succession came along and the new bourbon king annexed the crown of aragon ` by right of conquest ' , stripping us of all our laws and making the languages illegal . 
  of course the comparison is not 100 % equal , it never is . 
  there are no extreme measures to forbid catalan , you could say , there is no genocide , etc. 
  but again , it does n't have to come to that for us to want to seek a better status for the country . 
  it 's about self-determination and about giving the people who are demanding a right to decide what they want . 
  and it 's very difficult to explain to someone that has not lived here the nuances of the interplay between catalonia and spain , the politics , the languages , the cultural landscape , etc. 
  ` convincing ' , good luck with that . 
  only one national party is in favour of a referendum , the other 3 are very much against it and would never change their stance since they represent the opinion of most of spain . 
  it 's not like we have n't tried and brought it to parliament many times . 
  right , a fringe group that killed 5 people ( 4 of them belonging to their organisation ) represents the general opinion of catalans . 
  i do n't think that should be an argument though . 
  latvia has only been independent for about 25 years ; kosovo for 10 ( and is recognised by most of europe ) . 
  a lot of people act as if the days of new countries seeking independence are gone and the world will stay the way it is forever and ever . 
  how unlucky for us , that south sudan was the last country in the world that was allowed to form in all eternity !, 
  well , the netherlands used to be a spanish province . 
  what makes you want your own country as opposed to being an ` autonomous ' part of spain ? 
  we are not sovereign because any law that is passed in the catalan parliament can be overturned by spanish courts ( and lately , this has been the case for dozens of laws ) . 
  there is not linguistic freedom because spain has made it illegal to speak catalan in most courts , in the spanish parliament , and in the european parliament . 
  no one 's saying that the police is killing catalans in the streets , but also it does n't have to come to that for us to seek self-government . 
  basque also does n't use any kind of diacritic marks . 
  right . 
   1 - toros are a part of catalonian culture , too ( not deffending the tradition , but that do n't means that you can cherrypick what you want of your history ) . 
  it was just an example of what was considered ` spanish culture ' under franco , and the international projection that has been used since . 
  you said `` they had they culture , language , and freedom striped , like the fucking rest . '' ... 
  so we 're supposed to just shut up because other languages were forbidden as well and they 're not complaining as much ? 
  spanish language and culture were surely not forbidden . 
  this is the strange dichotomy : how when it 's convenient , catalan is a spanish language and culture , but at the same time not equal to spanish ( castilian ) . 
   2 - catalonia was not the only place with republicans ( can you tell me were the front was , again ? 
  ) , nor was the only region were franco killed . 
  not by far . 
  i never claimed that , i know my history . 
  you ca n't however try to argue that the repression in catalonia was the same as in valladolid . 
   3 - the castillian was the official languaje of spain , in front of the catalan ... and the euskera , the galego or the fabla . 
  right , so then all other languages ought to be banned just because . 
  and when did we decide that spanish would be the only official language ? 
  anyway that 's a debate i do n't even want to have . 
   now , you tell me again how the catalonians are special snowflakes so better than the rest of spaniards , and how they suffered the most ( no , much more still , they were the only victims from the evil spaniards ! ), 
  under franco , and under the democracy too . 
  yeah yeah . 
  you know how childish that sounds ? 
  and why is it that we can only complain if we are the ones that have sufferend the most ? 
  where is that rule written ? 
  and who said catalans are better than anyone ? 
  yeah but then the other ` way out ' is just forgetting about this , which is also not gon na happen . 
  other countries in europe and the world ( i 'm talking dozens ) declared their independence unilaterally and yet they enjoy the recognition of the international community . 
  i really do n't see why the catalan case must be so special in this regard . 
   they had they culture , language , and freedom striped , like the fucking rest . 
  oh yeah , please tell me again how spanish was striped and flamenco and toros were forbidden . 
  the catalan independence movement has always been peaceful ; no ` freedom fighters ' , no bombs . 
  we just want to vote . 
  every year there 's hundreds of thousands of people in the streets ( sometimes many more than a milion , in a country of just seven ) demanding this . 
  and yet the spanish answer is ` no ' . 
  what way other than unilaterality is there left ? 
  `` you wo n't believe what these venezuelan-funded , basque-catalan terrorists have done now ! '', 
  no one here would ever want a war , neither in catalonia nor in spain , save for a few extremists . 
  too many people already died in the first one . 
  not news . 
  the catalan government has already said that this is an old draft for a law that has not been passed yet . 
   the definition of what constitutes a language and what is a dialect is not fixed . 
  i think in this case it really comes down to politics . 
  dutch and german are just parts of a dialect continuum ( with low german ) , but two standardised varieties ( standard german and dutch ) get called languages , while other non-standard varieties get called ` dialects ' ( and this usually ends up creating a two-tiered ` prestige ' classification ) . 
  if this is the case , i do n't see why another of the varieties of this continuum ( a moselle-franconian dialect as you say ) ca n't get standardised as luxembourgish . 
  the fact that it did n't get codified in writing until relatively recently should n't have any bearing , i think , in giving it the rank of language . 
  there 's some talk about making a unilateral declaration if the spanish government physically makes the referendum impossible to hold , but the official position is yet to be clarified . 
  we might know more about it next month . 
  wind energy as per your graph is barely ` dirtier ' than nuclear , but it also does n't generate any nuclear residues which are not accounted for in this graph . 
  right , that 's what i meant . 
  there is no distinction between language and dialect ; all languages have dialects but usually there 's a dialect that 's considered standard and in casual speech that 's what 's called ` language ' . 
  algherese is a dialect of catalan , like central catalan ( e.g. 
  the dialect of barcelona ) is . 
  and it is influenced by sard , right . 
  it 's not a language of its own because it has n't diverged enough from standard catalan ( it 's still mutually intelligible ) . 
  however the distinction between what is a language and what is n't is not very clear in some cases ; for example , you could even argue that occitan and catalan are dialects from the same language ( after all , they 're still closer than many of the german ` dialects ' ) . 
  what do you mean ` dialect , not language ' ? 
  i think there might be some confusion because ` dialetto ' does n't really translate into english ` dialect ' . 
  the language is catalan , and the dialect is algherese . 
  do you mean it 's not recognised as a language ? 
  that 'd be weird . 
  also i doubt that many peope outside catalan-speaking areas would even know about this city ( but i do n't have data to support that claim ) . 
  well , it 's the name wikipedia uses and it comes up in google a lot , i do n't have more sources than that . 
  the village * must * have had an occitan ( lemosin ) name before it was translated to french and this one makes sense . 
  sadly the fact that people who live there do n't even know it tells us a lot about the language policies in france . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/application_of_islamic_law_by_country sharia only applies to muslims in personal status issues . 
  none taken , i just thought it was appropiate to make the comparison . 
  imagine someone linked a picture of a beautiful irish building and then someone commented : well done united kingdom . 
  even if the building was built at a time when ireland was part of the uk . 
  right , perhaps i should 've said in the south then . 
  lots of times it 's because they 're french versions of earlier names . 
  all non-french names were ` translated ' or adapted from all other languages and sometimes it ends up in nonsensical names . 
  the original occitan name is * la r\u00f2ca de gajac * ( the rock of gajac ) . 
  if you see a french town name ending in - ac , it means it comes from occitan . 
  it seems it 's not ; it comes from the old irish dative ending * - as * ( which has the same meaning as * - ish * ) , from proto-celtic ** - assus * , from pie ** - ad-tus * . 
  modern irish ending * - as * has the same root ( it 's a common ending from what i can gather ) . 
  true cognates would be things like * - itude * ( e.g. 
  ` magnitude ' ) from latin , the * - t * in ` market/concept/point / habit ' , also from latin , or the germanic * - th * ( old norse * - \u00f0r * ) like in ` firth ' ( or fjord ) or ` death ' , also * - t * in ` blast ' or ` mist ' . 
  well , they 're all cognate .
