  he 's also writing in english , so you do n't have any problem whatsoever when it comes to understanding what he says . 
  if it bothers you , do n't read the french part . 
  i 'm reading it right now too !, 
  started a few weeks ago . 
  i feel ya, 
  the pirate party will probably gain even more support , and rightfully so . 
   `` tinc l'aerolliscador ple d'anguiles '' sounds oddly sexual to me , like something out of a corny porno . 
  sometimes i wonder who is the biggest troll . 
  2 genders , 19 tenses ( including 6 pasts ) , weak and strong pronouns that have to agree with the subject , the object and the receiver with dozens of possible combinations , 8 vowels ( although we do n't have any uncommon sounds ) . 
  with certain kinds of people we 're already past the time for discussion . 
  no , a fascist is not the same as whatever you think is at the other end , no matter how you put it . 
  i never implied that in my comment . 
  damn those nazi communists !! 1 !!, 
  if only good old falange came back , right ? 
  the thing he said about nightlife and tourists is true though . 
  as much as i love barcelona , walking around the city centre lots of times you get very strong whiffs of trash and beer and piss , especially after a hot summer day . 
  valencia is the same . 
  it 's very hard to keep those areas spotless with literally tens of thousands of people walking by and trashing around everyday . 
  not everybody , there 's spanish and latin american migrants and their descendants who speak spanish natively , some of them do n't even know catalan ... 
  no , see , they do represent us all , it 's just that we do n't know what 's best for us / s / s / s. 
  a few tens or hundreds of thousands natively . 
  well , having a full membership in the eu would certainly help people remember us . 
  also , catalan would be an official language finally , unless spain suddenly ` remembers ' us and tries to block it ( again ... ), 
  it 'd be interesting to compare northern catalan speakers and their understanding of spanish , although they would also know french anyway . 
  i guess you could try and find native catalan speakers that have been raised outside spain and thus have n't learned spanish , but i presume it would be as easy to understand as italian or written portuguese . 
  yeah , but where do you draw the line ? 
  there really is no consensus even amongst linguists ; chinese varieties are very different between each other and yet are considered ` dialects ' lots of times . 
  swiss german is considered just a dialect even when it 's really not mutually intelligible with hochdeutsch , while dutch , which is very close to low german , is its own language . 
  a ` dialect ' becomes a language when there is a strong , government-backed standard that is promoted as the ` original/correct ' version . 
  dutch forms a dialect continuum with low german and high german that goes from flanders to the south of switzerland . 
  of course , the standardized version of german and dutch are different languages now , but one hundred years ago ( and possibly still today ) two citizens in each side of the border could understand each other better than they could understand a citizen of their own country who lived 100 's of km away . 
  you ca n't remember romansch and forget us !!, 
  the distinction between language and dialect is lots of times political or social instead of linguistic . 
  you could very well argue that dutch is just a dialect of german . 
  you forgot catalan - 32 !!, 
  catalan is closest to occitan and standard italian first , then spanish and french . 
  huh , til . 
  thanks !, 
  ctrl + ` f ' [ catalan ] no results ... 
  i guess it has something to do with the fact that no one even knows what it sounds like : /, 
  it really does n't look worse to me , quite the opposite , but then again i know what it tastes like and all that . 
  it 's of course a subjective matter . 
  and i was half kidding , but sometimes you do need a / s in the end , i guess . 
  the first one does simply not look like paella . 
  i grew up eating paella every sunday and i 've made it lots of times so i know what i 'm talking about . 
  we have the saying ` rice with things is not paella ' ; you might as well call any rice dish paella but the reality is that it 's a traditional recipe with certain fixed ingredients and methods . 
  that ` paella ' is a crime against humanity . 
  [ this ] ( http://paellaweb.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/paella-valenciana.jpg ) is what a paella is supposed to look like ( and the rosemary might be already stretching it a bit for some ) . 
  i can see that happening now as well . 
  i do n't think these would become more frequent were them to be legal . 
  so why are there not a lot of inbred people right now ? 
  is it just because it 's illegal ? 
  would people start having children with their immediate relatives just because it 's legal ? 
  i do n't see what 's wrong with incest as long as both adults are consenting and it 's not used for procreation . 
  at this point i 'm not even sure if you 're a troll or not ; anyway , have a good day . 
  8 million tourists per year seem to disagree . 
  huh , where did you go ? 
  i could say the same about scotland if the only place i visited was the poorest , most run-down neighbourhood in glasgow ... 
  temps al temps , 
  advocating the independence of the catalan countries , of course . 
  and i 'm valencian , so the statement above remains true . 
  well , it 's originally valencian , but all the same :p, 
  wales comes from proto-germanic ** walhaz * though , meaning foreigner . 
  paella is ours , do n't give it to the spaniards !, 
  catalan nationalism has never been ethnic in nature , but cultural . 
  you dropped ( i hope ) a / s in there . 
  ( it 's hard to detect sarcasm on the internet sometimes ) . 
  but it 's true that the main language in the catalan-speaking regions has always been catalan/valencian until spanish was introduced externally . 
  it is , they come from the same proto-celtic root , it 's even clearer when you see the form * \u00c9ireann * . 
  i would say ripoll is an important location as well . 
  the party that has made this statement is nonetheless the biggest one in belgium 's parliament and openly advocating for independence as well . 
  they demand recognition for a country like catalonia after it declares independence . 
  catalonia is an important part of the eu and the government wants it to stay part of it , so the recognition of belgium and brussels will be key in this case . 
  i have only been able to find sources in catalan and dutch ( flemish ? ) . 
  catalan : http://www.mon.cat/cat/notices/2016/01/els_independentistes_flamencs_trencaran_el_govern_belga_si_no_dona_suport_a_la_independencia_de_cata_156719.php  flemish independentists will break belgian government if it does n't back catalonia 's independence . 
  `` n-va , a flemish independentist party , right now guarantees parliamentary majority in the belgian government . '', 
  dutch/flemish : http://www.demorgen.be/binnenland/zou-n-va-regering-laten-vallen-over-catalonie-be3c262e/  would n-va government drop over catalonia ? 
  `` catalan independence is a very difficult issue for the government . '', 
  now the spanish region with carles puigdemont has a new separatist prime minister , looks n-va deputy prime minister jan jambon emerge a dilemma . 
  if catalonia unilaterally tearing , belgium needs to recognize the new state ? '', 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  even if you do n't agree with the topic , i still think it 's important news . 
  how come ? 
  aaaand he deleted his account . 
  damn trolls man , they 're everywhere . 
  did you know that franco died ? 
  sometimes you seem like you live in the 50s man . 
  scary stuff . 
  lol, 
  huh , that 's a shame then . 
  i hope they change their stance/strategy after seeing the results of the elections , because they lost a good chance in there . 
  yeah , but most of pp/psoe mps come from rural provinces where up does n't really get enough % of votes to break in . 
  that 's why on average they need more votes to get a seat , because they usualy only get them in the big provinces . 
  i have n't read much about the bildu governments , but i am indeed really surprised about gipuzkoa . 
  although i know that ` local ' podemos associations can be very different from spanish ones . 
  in val\u00e8ncia , people are already counting comprom\u00eds-podemos seats together with podemos , but in reality comprom\u00eds is seeking to have its own parliamentary group . 
  well , it 's d'hondt + dividing votes between provinces , of course . 
  using autonomies would be an improvement but there could be better systems . 
  i hope he 's trolling ; if not , there 's a good reason why we do n't want to be part of the same country as that guy , aka ` la mat\u00e9 porque no quiso ser m\u00eda ' . 
  i just do n't see pp in the government again .
