  barcelona could declare itself a nation if most of their citizens felt like it and there were reasons for it , but it 's not gon na happen any time soon . 
  there 's no loop . 
  i 've had this argument before : ` but then my building can declare itself independent !!!!, 
  ! 11 ' you know very well the difference between those cases , let 's not even discuss it . 
  the people of that nation . 
  and your beloved constitution , i believe it says something about it too , look it up . 
  and the estatut . 
  no problem , but now it 's time to pay it back !!, 
  all courses in the main universities in catalonia are in catalan though , although if a lot of students and the professor reach an agreement i guess that sometimes they can be unofficially made in spanish . 
  most of college students are catalan speakers though , the demographics are skewed . 
  there are already thousands of courses in spanish all over the world , that 's why we defend our right to have an upper education in our language . 
  if you exclude catalan from university ( even if it 's only ` partially ' ) , it starts becoing a ` language of the street ' , only useful to gossip with your friends and buy potatoes . 
  a normalized language has a presence in all layers of society , from government , law and culture to dirty jokes with your friends . 
  i agree to some extent , but it 's very hard for me . 
  look at the downvotes in this thread , i 've received more than 50 already . 
  that 's the internet version of the daily reality . 
  we 're tired , of being mocked by spain , of being disrespected , of being told ` speak spanish to me ' , of they trying to constantly downplay the role of our language , even saying that ` we only speak it to bother them ' . 
  and now we have to respect spanish speakers in catalonia . 
  i am not asking for repression or anything , but it 's hard to treat these people with respect and understanding after having seen their attitudes . 
  perhaps in an independent catalonia the attitudes towards language would change . 
  i do n't know . 
  i know that it is mostly here to stay . 
  it is a difficult situation . 
  it 's like an invading army occupied a territory . 
  now their children and grandchildren live there . 
  you ca n't blame them for being there , since it was not chosen by them . 
  the same happens with spanish . 
  alright , it 's now spoken in the catalan countries ( remember that the situation in the balears and especially valencia is far , far worse ) . 
  we did not ask for that , it was forced upon us by the state and brought here by the immigrants . 
  now it 's here , so we ca n't and wo n't expel nor repress spanish . 
  i just want to make sure that catalan is never replaced by it . 
  i do n't like utilitarian views such as ` but there are languages that may be more useful ' , since they are mostly very reductionist . 
  i 've met people that are more radical and simply want to eradicate spanish from the catalan countries . 
  i was seduced by those ideas once , but now i 'm trying to find a compromise position , although as you can see , it 's very difficult . 
  i want to get rid of the preponderance of spanish in its official use , and encourage the use of catalan in informal and formal settings . 
  there are people that would like to get rid of spanish . 
  i do n't care about spanish or other languages in catalonia as long as they are not imposed upon us and catalan is not threatened . 
  we do blame him , of course , him and all the unwanted bourbon kings that still ` represent ' us without anyone having voted for them . 
  for everything ? 
  at least , most of the blame for the current situation can be attributed to the spanish government . 
  who was it that took down the estatut in 2006 ? 
  who has been denying to discuss the current issues with catalonia ? 
  you tell me ... 
  remember that , first of all , the main reason for getting independence is self-determination , it 's not irrelevant . 
  other than that , the linguistic question is difficult and there are different opinions . 
  my personal view , shared by many , is that spanish is an imposed language and i would n't like to see it used more than catalan in an independent catalonia . 
  however , since there are so many spanish speakers now here , i would n't go the same way the spanish did and forbid spanish . 
  but i would certainly promote catalan , as in , making it the primary/only language of government , making sure that movies/tv are translated to catalan , and labels , etc. 
  i would have catalan as the only official language , with spanish being protected and maybe having some administrative facilities where you could use it , in places where there are a lot of speakers . 
  but this is not the official position of the catalan government , who has stated that spanish will also be official . 
  i would not forbid the teaching of spanish , but i but of course prioritise english and catalan ; then , you can learn spanish , french , or any other language . 
  but we do n't need to impose the learning of spanish to everyone . 
  in the same light , i would not forbid spanish in the public sector , but i would have as the only linguistic requisite that you know catalan to be employed by the state . 
  those are my views though . 
  we would at last have a state where catalan is an official language ( there 's andorra , but it 's very small and has little political influence ) . 
  it could be used in europe , and it would not be up to spain to legislate on its use . 
  a catalan state would promote catalan culture and language , inside and outside europe , and it would stop being considered a ` regional ' language . 
  it is quite a change . 
  barcelona is nonetheless the most visited city in the iberian peninsula . 
  personally , it 's one of my favorite cities in the world , but that 's just my irrelevant personal opinion . 
   also , having been to both madrid and barcelona , i 'd take madrid any day of the week . 
  that 's just a personal opinion , not an argument . 
  during the dictatorship ( and several hundreds of years before ) , catalan was forbidden : to speak it in the streets , to teach it , to write it , to read it . 
  nowadays it 's more of a soft imposition , leaving it to a role of a ` co-official regional language ' , and with the castilian spanish knowing that they wo n't have to bother learning another language since all catalan , basque and galician speakers have been taught spanish for years in school . 
  it is as well forbidden to speak it in the parliament or in european organisations , and spain is constantly trying to change the catalan educational laws so that more spanish is taught and spoken at school , even against the will of parents , students and teachers . 
  and ? 
  most of what canada produces is bought by the usa . 
  i dont ' see the problem there . 
  it depends on what you mean by becoming another austria , but of course it will become like austria as in we will be an independent country . 
  language is a huge part of our culture , and we want to preserve it as much as possible . 
  if catalan use is reduced nowadays , it 's not because its speakers have naturally accepted to speak another language , but because of forced imposition by the spanish state . 
  if in the future , we all end up speaking english , let it be because of a natural choice , and not by imposition . 
  of course , each case is particular in their own . 
  however , they all share something in common : a group of people that do not want to be ruled by someone else unwillingly . 
  we do n't need to be enslaved by the spanish to want to have our own state . 
  there have been peaceful separations like in slovakia-czech republic , or norway-sweden , but you did n't mention those in your reply . 
  the political divide between spain and catalonia is quite large , with the spanish government party ( that holds an absolute majority of seats in the spanish parliament ) is only the 5th party in catalonia . 
  and why are catalan parties nationalist by definition ? 
  what about spanish parties ? 
  ciutadans is very nationalistic , but spanish instead of catalan . 
  i do n't think my language is special , but i do know that is is not liked in spain , and that spain has tried to eliminate and limit it for decades and centuries . 
  can you refute that ? 
  it is not tribalist to want your own state . 
  that argument of yours is really wrong when applied to our current situation . 
  catalonia is not trying to go back to the middle ages , we just want our own country and to govern and represent ourselves internationally . 
  is ireland in the middle ages for not being a part of the uk ? 
  is slovakia in the middle ages ? 
  hungary ? 
  norway ? 
  iceland ? 
  well , i hope that they do n't start acting that way then , you ca n't stop the will of milions of citizens because of silly things like that . 
  again , we will see it in the next elections . 
  if catalan society is fractured , it 's because of the spanish state 's actions , it 's not ` the fault of mas ' like many people enjoy to say . 
  first of all , there are already people that do that , but they are a tiny minority . 
  that proves that most people want to live under a state that respects them , and at the same time , they respect the state 's rules and laws . 
  a citizen of catalonia is someone who holds catalan citizenship . 
  since we are n't independent yet , it 's more difficult to measure . 
  right now , people that are registered to live and pay taxes here and are able to vote are considered citizens , i guess . 
  a galician does n't have the same rights in catalonia because they do not fulfill these requirements . 
  let 's hope not , we are not children .
