  i know bulgarian is closely related to macedonian but how similar is the phonology to serbo-croatian ? 
  64.3 % of 79.74 % = 51.27 % ( using data from the original poll ) . 
  they must 've made a mistake in the headline , it 's 64 % not 63 % , and if you want to round 79.74 % it should be 80 % . 
  aww i 'll take it then !, 
  a hug 's a hug , no matter if happy or sad . 
  i think some people may say , i 'm not generally in favour of independence or rather undecided , but given the current situation/whatever other reason , i 'm going to vote ` yes ' . 
  i think there 's a difference between ` do you support this ' and ` there is a referendum and you have to say yes or no ' . 
  moreover , that poll does not consider turnout and we have to take into account that in this case probably more ` yes ' voters will mobilise and go to vote . 
  the only way for it to be lower is to get the ` no ' voters to * actually * get out and vote . 
  it 's written in catalan , not spanish . 
  and the numbers may seem surprising but 79 % with a 63 % turnout is about 51 % of the total voters in favour of independence which is not far-fetched at all . 
  it 's different . 
  this is about the results of a potential unilateral referendum , the poll you 've linked is about general support for independence . 
  i know this is not exactly answering your question but i find it just so oddly satisfying that there are such specific categories over in wikipedia : https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/category:flags_with_three_vertical_stripes_of_black,_red_and_yellow_color_combination, 
  i think you 're being a little racist here . 
  no one is looking into ethnic stuff here in catalonia and you are obsessed with catalan elites and migrants , somehow suggesting that someone whose great-grandparents were n't born in catalonia are not really catalans , but just dumb puppets convinced by the dark ethnic elites . 
  and why would you care ? 
  the only ones talking about xarnegos here are the spanish . 
  but nevermind , i 'm not trying to convince you , i 'm just saying that you should n't spread lies like that . 
  no , both you and i know that that 's simply not true at all . 
  you could say that some independentists have been swayed by the current state of things , and of course it has never had so much social support until now ( partly also because a lot of people * did * see it as a pipe dream instead of a real possibility ) . 
  but to say that there 's only 5-7 % of the people behind it is a blatant lie . 
  just the voters of cup are already almost 10 % and i would say all of them are convinced independentists . 
  what about the people who vote for erc , a party that was born to achieve independence ? 
  i 'll let you say that there used to be only 25-30 % of catalans wanting independence but do n't try to downplay it as a fringe movement where the catalan society has been swayed by some master of the puppets that somehow tricked everyone into supporting independence out of nowhere . 
  that 's dirty tactics from the spanish media that only work outside catalonia because people here ( independentist or not ) know that 's not the social reality . 
  i 'll remind you that we have a government officially working towards independence , the independentist parties were the most voted last election , where they almost got 50 % of the votes , and they have an absolute majority in the parliament . 
  that and the yearly demonstrations with literally millions of people in the streets ( and a 500 km human chain ) . 
  if you think this is somehow a fringe movement come and see for yourself because despite spanish media propaganda , there 's more than 2 % of the people here wanting independence . 
  i remember when i lived in the us and we hit -18 \u00ba one night . 
  i was only wearing a pair of jeans and some shitty gloves and i could feel how i was literally starting to freeze . 
  it took me more than an hour to walk back home as i would stop at a random shop for 5 or 10 minutes to regain some warmth . 
  i just could n't live in a place like that at all , although the snow is nice . 
  but here it was 18\u00ba today and i 've been wearing t-shirts almost everyday ... 
  i do n't even want to imagine -40 \u00ba . 
  this might be just the puny southerner in me talking , but i do n't think humans are made to live in these temperatures . 
  nerea is a greek name , is n't it ? 
  the nereids and all that ? 
  yeah , i looked it up and there is no relation at all between the greek names and the ` english ' translations although at least william and vassilis have some resemblance . 
  some parents give their children basque names even though they 're not basque ( aka iker , etc ) , but i do n't think i 've * ever * seen someone call their kids pau or miquel or oriol if they 're not from catalan speaking territories ( and it 'd be very hard for them to do the sounds for \u00e8 and \u00f2 anyway ) . 
  well yeah , the eixample is an area that is quite new and a random street does n't have any particular attraction , it was just designed as a residential/services area . 
  barcelona is hardly a boring city , but of course there 's going to be tourists traps all around it , there 's millions coming every year . 
  you just have to not fall for them !, 
  yeah i guess , this is off-topic enough . 
  meh , whatever happens barcelona will only get more expensive as more tourists and foreign investors come to the city . 
  iirc rent prices have already doubled in the last 15 years . 
  yesterday i was reading that rent was getting more expensive in barceloneta than in sarri\u00e0 ( !!! ), 
  in 1641 : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_republic  of these four proclamations , the first ( 1641 ) was performed with the objective to establish the complete independence, 
  you guys got lucky that you 're not one of those ` things ' inside spain as of today . 
  ^ please ^ ^ help ^ ^ ^ us ^ . 
  it was alright haha , you can also say catalans . 
  thanks !, 
  we have a small but vocal community here , sadly this website is not very well known around these parts and not as many people are profficient enough in english or usually read english language websites . 
  as for the word , catalan is the most used one ( catalan language , catalan people ) , but catalonian is interchangeable , if a little bit dated . 
  well that 's good . 
  of course there is going to be bias about this topic from both sides , but i would say from my point of view that , while supporters of catalan independence usually try to give reasons why they think that way , opposers ( especially spanish ) usually just resort to attacks or spreading misinformation to silence us . 
  at least that 's what i 've been seeing in threads like these lately . 
  well , if you are in favour of those who want to suppress and destroy our language and think it 's a reasonable thing , i do n't think we have anything else to discuss . 
  we already have english to facilitate communication accross europe . 
  the thing is , it 's always easy to say you 're post/anti-nationalist when your culture , your language and your right to self-government are not being suppressed . 
  do you know that it 's illegal to speak catalan both in the spanish and the european parliaments ? 
  that 's the argument of lots of spanish people : ` you just want to be special ' . 
  i am progressive as well , but we want to be treated as equals in a united europe , not as some ` regional ' subjects of the spanish crown . 
  suddenly we 're the bad guys because ` we do n't want to pay for others ' and also suddenly everyone in spain becomes super-altruistic . 
  let 's have a common european solidarity , but do n't blame us for wanting to have control of our finances . 
  why does n't spain send more money to poorer european countries then ? 
  why does n't it become a region of france ? 
  all their arguments about unity and solidarity stop working when you apply those to them . 
  well i 'm not surprised at all . 
  some of the things they write are extremely ridiculous and it 's just unreasonable that someone would actually believe/take the time to type those things unless they had an ulterior motive . 
  i 've also had several accounts threatening me and insulting me , even in pms . 
  yeah i know we can always trust ireland !, 
  we do have lots of things in common , although ireland found its freedom already a 100 years ago . 
  aw , that 's great . 
  i know that the former lithuanian pm already expressed support for our cause ( although he was quickly silenced by the spanish government ) . 
  i 'm sure people also called you guys ` extremist/delusional nationalists ' at one point . 
  your chain was longer anyway !, 
  i used to write in threads like this but i just do n't want my blood boiling again . 
  the sad thing is that most europeans are only reading crazy spanish nationalist comments here and giving them legitimacy , thinking that 's how things are and how everyone here thinks except for a couple of pujolmas-led lunatics . 
  anything we write is going to get heavily downvoted anyway . 
  the socialists are only socialist in their name though , they are the least left wing of the three ruling parties . 
  and i 'm saying it again , just because there 's few transgender people , that does n't mean they do n't deserve recognition and protection . 
  why are minorities less important when it comes to rights ? 
  there 's also not a lot of gay people , so why bother legislating about them ? 
   of a leftist who can not bear to not get a blowjob every time he goes out . 
  do n't try to play nice now , everyone can see what you 've written . 
  if that is your worldview then i want no part in it . 
  i do n't go insulting people and telling them shit like that . 
  but somehow i am the fascist because i wo n't agree with your comments about leftists and blowjobs . 
  cheaper than letting them choose the bathroom they want to use ? 
  and hormonal therapy is afaik already included in our social security , but are you aware that it takes years ? 
  and also it can only begin when the child feels ready to do it , you ca n't force them to take hormones just like that . 
   of a leftist who can not bear to not get a blowjob every time he goes out . 
  what the fuck ? 
  if you do n't want me calling you fascist do n't talk like one in the first place . 
  damm kids these days and damn leftists , why do they have to bother us giving people more rights instead of focusing on what actually matters grumble grumble . 
  ca n't these kids just stop being transgender and shut up about their problems !, 
  a good right wing government will surely show them and pander to their voters by denying transgender people their rights , but why stop there !, 
  there 's so many groups of people that we can take the rights away from !, 
  it 's worth it even if it 's only for one .
