  i wish that were the case but sadly it 's been the same thread after thread . 
  there 's a group of users insulting , belittling and making outlandish claims and they pretend to represent the views of the whole of spain defending itself from those crazy catalans . 
  i just find fascinating the apparent contradiction of hating catalans but also wanting them to be part of your country at * all * costs . 
  i do n't post anything but whatever . 
  you guys are obsessed . 
  this is the same old argument . 
  democracy is not just the dictatorship of the majority . 
  if there were more men than women and the men banded together and decided to deny rights to all the women would that be ok ? 
  they 're a majority after all . 
  the right to self-determination is above the fact that we 're stuck in a country that we ca n't change . 
  and who are the spanish people exactly ? 
  and how does it belong to ` them ' ? 
  no one here wants to fight but i 've seen the kind of things you 've written before and i do n't want to argue with you . 
   but i do n't know why they should support that well there 's the problem . 
  how are we ever going to solve this then , other than unilaterally ? 
  i 'm tired of having to be extremely exquisite about my terminology , you know what i 'm referring to . 
  what 's the support for a referendum outside catalonia and euskadi ? 
  it does n't matter if the referendum would pass or not . 
  it 's a matter of democracy and spain will just not have it . 
  it * is * fundamentally different to the uk which acknowledges their different cosntituent countries ; here everyone is just spanish . 
  there will never be enough support in the spanish government for a referendum since the people living in different nations like catalonia and the basque country are far outnumbered by castilians who are mostly against it . 
  here 's the thing : you 're stuck in a democratic country , yes . 
  but you do n't have the numbers to change anything . 
  all major parties except for one are not only opposed to a referendum but * also * to the fact that we 're even a nation . 
  what do we have to wait for ? 
  haha that 's nice . 
  nothing personal indeed !, 
  at least you guys managed to get your freedom back . 
  imagine if today the netherlands were just a ` region ' of the spanish kingdom and you had to fight to even use your language . 
  it 's always the same users voicing their opinion loudly in this kind of threads , always with the same arguments . 
  i 've kind of given up with trying to argue with them since it 's pointless . 
  they have a very imperialistic/colonialist view , they will never see catalonia as a nation , they 'd prefer that they just shut up , speak spanish and forget all that ` culture ' and ` self-government ' stuff that keeps on bothering them . 
  that 's why this is all being unilateral , how could it be otherwise ? 
  when they are still arguing about whether or not spain is a multi-national state , we have been trying to organise a referendum for years , trying to get the spanish government involved , but it 's like talking to a wall . 
  what can we do , just wait and forget it ? 
  but spain will never recognise a catalan referendum . 
  it 's like saying , '' i will not support finnish independence and i would not want any european country to support it , unless the referendum on independence was officially recognised and given lawful power by the russian/swedish empire . '', 
  and do n't tell me it 's a different thing . 
  it 's always a different thing , but turns out that for some reason we are not allowed to enjoy the same rights that dozens of other european nations have . 
  actually it 's the opposite . 
  the empty areas are high plateaus or river valleys , which are drier and/or used for agriculture . 
  [ here 's a satellite picture ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/84/espa%c3%b1a_y_portugal.jpg ) . 
  forests are only really found in mountainous areas except in the north . 
  people give him way too much credit . 
  he 's just a guy after all , what about the work that everyone else did ? 
  should we be grateful because he did n't want another dictatorship ? 
  that feels a little bit condescending . 
  a spanish monarch literally appointed by the former dictator is not the best example of democracy at play . 
  spain does n't recognise kosovo because they fear that would set a precedent for catalonia . 
  i speak catalan as my mother tongue but i 've also learnt spanish ( it 's illegal not to btw ) . 
  as usual , it 's being raided by the_donald and similar . 
  nothing to see if you value your sanity . 
  it 's so extremely delusional that i have a hard time believing * someone * actually falls for what they 're saying , but i guess that 's how these movements get their supporters , by covering their extremism with patronising appeals to ` common sense ' . 
  what they 're trying to achieve now ( with threads and ` reasonable opinions ' like these ) is to normalise the far-right , now that the shadow of fascism is being forgotten in the western world . 
  it 's scary . 
  sadly , you 'd be surprised . 
  at least here , i have lots of friends who live inside their cultural bubble and have absolutely no relationship with english at all . 
  they are n't able to hold a conversation , they ca n't read a book or watch a movie , even with subtitles . 
  english is as part of their lives as ... italian , i guess . 
  and we dub everything so some people * never * hear english at all . 
  well that 's weird i remembered the legend differently haha , i do n't know if they explained it wrong to me or i just got it mixed in my head . 
  well i 've only worn a jacket once in the whole winter , i just use t-shirts every day . 
  i guess that 's what happens after you 've lived in the american midwest . 
  for me 15\u00ba is perfect for t-shirts ( i start sweating with anything else on ) but here people are not very ... attuned to the ` cold ' haha . 
  fingers crossed . 
  anyway people were still wearing coats and scarves !, 
  like they just look at the calendar instead of the thermometer . 
  the last time it snowed where i live ( also in the coast ) was in 1960 : /, 
  we had 21\u00ba today just a bit to the south :p ahh , winter ... 
  the current forecast for wednesday is snow above 100 m on my seaside town . 
  with some luck we might see snow in barcelona as well !, 
  fingers crossed . 
  ( of course nothing like what 's happened in europe ) . 
  you do n't have to go that far , i 'd be surprised if i could see our flag in a landscape . 
  a history that i 've heard sometimes is that our flag was created when a king/knight died during a battle in a field of grain ( yellow ) and then he slid his hand through the plants giving them 4 blood stripes . 
  edit : i was wrong but i do n't understand the downvotes . 
  the thing is , if they 're walking away with most of the country , what 's really happening is that they 're kicking the bosnians out , more than the croats and serbs leaving ( assuming they stay together after separating ) . 
  that 's why it 's better not to do things unilaterally , but negotiate with all the groups . 
  are the bosnians happy with the other groups in their country i wonder ? 
  i think it 's funny that members of the french national front showed up to a parade . 
  i wonder if they would do the same if for example northern catalonia or alsace held a parade in support of independence or autonomy . 
  bosnian serbs have to right to self-determination of course , but i 'm worried about the far-right and militaristic nature of these events . 
  i think there 's always a peaceful way out of these conflicts but given the recent past in the area , denying a referendum is not the smartest move for the bosnian government . 
  i do n't know how a possible partition would work though , bosnia-herzegovina is like a balkans in miniature , there 's bosnians , serbians and croatians living there and the serbs of republica srpska are [ divided ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e0/bih_-_etnicki_sastav_po_opstinama_2013_2.gif ) in two regions ... ( i do n't know why this is being downvoted ), 
  this is what happens to me when things like [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/4zudhk/oc_my_dad_made_paella/ ) happen , aka  my pops made this for a friend 's dinner party . 
  they requested he prepare it with the rice on the side . 
  * head explodes *, 
  why stop there when you can actually make the crust out of cheese as well !, 
  i think it might be [ fala ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fala_language ) , mirandese is more spoken in the ne of portugal . 
  it could also be extremaduran i guess . 
  ( why does no one know about extremaduran , i wonder ? 
  i guess that 's what happens when your language is too close to castilian to the point of being assimilated as a dialect . ), 
  and a few hours later ... 
  there you have them :p, 
  i do n't know how they counted diphthongs in catalan ( it seems that almost all languages listed here have issues with how the diphthongs were counted ) . 
  the central eastern dialect has 13 falling and 12 rising diphthongs , for example . 
  any dialect anyway has more than 8 . 
  there 's also 4/5 triphthongs . 
  and i do n't know what the ( +3 ) means either , my dialect has 25 consonants but i ca n't imagine 3 extra ones in any other variant . 
  an interesting feature of catalan by the way is that we have 7 vowels ( 8 in balearic ) that can go in a stressed syllable , but only 3 ( 5 in valencian ) if the syllable is unstressed .
