  that 's called non-discrimination and that 's a civil right . 
  huh , i had n't though of * tit * and the english equivalent . 
  i would n't be surprised if it turned out to be an onomatopoeic word . 
  when interracial marriage was allowed federally in the us more than half of the population was against it . 
  civil rights are not a matter of people voting about them . 
  i do n't think the catholic church will allow it for many years to come . 
  it 's different for smaller northern churches that are protestant . 
  yeah , it 's all due to the [ great vowel shift ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_vowel_shift ) ; english spelling comes from an age where the gvs was still taking place , and words that now are pronounced / a\u026a / ( like ` eye ' ) where back then pronounced / i : / ( like ` see ' ) . 
  so for example , ` bite ' would have been pronounced like ` beet ' . 
  i do n't think these words rhymed at the time blake wrote them , he was probably just doing it because shakespeare did it ( at his time these words did rhyme ) , or more generally , writers in the early xvii century . 
  in catalan there 's lots of names ; i use * tito * or * titot * but there 's also * pa\u00f3 * , * pioc * , * indiot * ... 
  if anyone has the etymology for * titot * i 'd be glad to hear it !, 
  because microstate definitions are very subjective , they usually refer to a state that has a small area and/or a small population . 
  andorra is 50 % bigger than malta . 
  usually a microstate is called so if it has less than 500,000 people and less than 1,000 sq km , that 's the general consensus , and malta fulfils both . 
  malta is included and it 's a micro-state as well . 
  in fact andorra is larger than malta . 
  to me this is just nitpicking to especifically exclude catalan but whatever , we 've already argued too much about this even with the mapmaker . 
  as if andorra being smaller than other countries makes it less important . 
  amur tigers are the best tigers !, 
  it 's been mentioned dozens of times in the comments that catalan is the only official language of andorra . 
  what 's the argument against that ? 
  not to mention this : http://ccaa.elpais.com/ccaa/2013/09/06/galicia/1378494815_707017.html imagine this happening in germany today . 
  oh absolutely , there were lions in europe until quite recently ( in historical terms ) . 
  they might have lasted until the xth century in georgia and azerbaijan . 
  there were also tigers in the black sea coasts of turkey and the ukraine in the last millenium , but not in austria :p, 
  ah yes , the traditional alpine tiger , as austrian as the schnitzelsemmeln . 
  thanks for cheering me up buddy , you 're making me laugh so hard it 's making me forget my own problems . 
  you are a very delusional person and i wonder if you are just laughing while you write this or if you genuinely believe it . 
  when i 've said before that this guy is a fascist , i was not kidding or exagerating . 
  he 's either a very delusional fascist or a very bad troll . 
  whatever . 
  ok , i 'll give you the benefit of the doubt although i 'm pretty sure you know what you 're talking about and are just being snarky . 
  who said anything to the like ?? 
  it says so in the * constitution * , for god 's sake !!!, 
  i 'm using the official translation , published in boe : * castilian is the official spanish language of the state . 
  all spaniards have the duty to know it and the right to use it . 
  * do you think the constitutions of belgium or switzerland say anything like that ? 
  can i be a spanish citizen and not know spanish ? 
  is it legal to speak catalan in the spanish parliament , yes or no ? 
  is it legal to speak catalan in the european parliament , yes or no ? 
  can i use catalan to defend myself in any court , yes or no ? 
  do you think we have the same situation than in a truly multilingual country ? 
  did catalans choose to have their laws and languages revoked in the xviiith century , and those prohibitions to last more than 2 centuries ? 
  when did we as a state choose that castilian would have to be imposed everywhere ? 
   in most cantons from switzerland the only official language is german . 
  how it does n't take precedence ?? 
  can you really * not * see the difference ?? 
  can catalonia declare that the only official language in there is catalan ? 
  i would imagine the constitutional court would shut that down in minutes . 
  are french or italian cantons * forced * to learn german no matter what ? 
  do you really think the language situation in spain is the same than in belgium or switzerland ? 
  do you think catalan and spanish have the same degree of officiality ? 
  you just say that catalan is called ` co-official ' in catalonia and that 's supposed to fix everything . 
  well , it does n't . 
  no one cares about the names . 
  please do answer my questions because yes , i do n't know if we 're talking or doing monologues . 
  well it 's great if you do n't care about galician but we care about our language and i believe there was no reason to exclude catalan from this other than wanting to label it as a ` regional ' language . 
  anyway this has been discussed over and over already and as usual no one is changing their minds . 
  an important feature of maturing i believe , is someone accepting when they 're wrong and admitting it . 
  i thought all iparralde variants had that sound but it turns out only zuberoan does , which is not exactly ` northern ' ... 
  this happens when a dirty southerner like me automatically thinks ` france ' = ` north ' . 
  the day of the coronation of the new king a few years ago , they made it illegal to display a republican flag publicly in madrid . 
  ` the one spoke by everyone ' was not a result of choice but imposition . 
  people here did n't decide to make it illegal not to speak spanish . 
  of course now everyone does , but let 's not pretend it happened because people thought it would be the best choice . 
  an ideal situation would be something like switzerland where all the languages are federally official and none takes precedence . 
  of course i see problems in there , it 's literally assuming one language is more important than the others . 
  of course i know  although you 're wrong , tagalog * must * be above urdu here !, 
  i still do n't think it 's exactly the same , it 's not used in native words other than to mark the / \u0272 / sound ; you could argue that ` y ' in native catalan has the same role than \u02dc has in spanish . 
  a standalone ` y ' is only used in borrowings like ` playback ' , but etymologically it 's not the same . 
  it 's time for you to mature i 'd say , i 'm just being politely reasonable and expressing my opinion . 
  no need for me to shut up about it , thank you very much . 
  we want an official language , not ` co-official ' . 
  co-official is a term invented by spain that means ` spanish is more important than any other language in this country and your languages are not official except in some territories for a small amount of situations ' . 
  just because a language is no longer persecuted does not mean it 's protected and of course encouraged . 
  as i 'm sure you know , it 's illegal to speak catalan in the spanish and in the european parliament , and in more than 95 % of the justice courts . 
  do you think catalans/valencians/balears want this ? 
  whose fault is it then ? 
  the spanish government 's , that 's not up for debate . 
  the spanish state is not trying to promote languages other than spanish ( castilian ) internationally , this is a fact . 
  that 's why there 's this weird disconnection in which milions of speakers are silenced because their language is not recognised in europe . 
  the fact that other countries ( e.g. 
  france ) have more than questionable language policies does not make what spain does right . 
  of course lots of ` regional ' languages are endangered , that 's what happens when your language is considered regional , then a dialect , then a corruption , and then dead . 
  we have n't allowed that to happen . 
  and it does n't matter if ` some ' people do n't care about languages , because lots of others do . 
  oh yeah , catalan is definitely the language that gets the most attention and money in europe , how could we not have seen that !, 
  it 's a shame we 're denied the ability to speak catalan in the european parliament so that other europeans can see how much money and attention we get !, 
  i think no one can deny we 've tried ... 
  it 's used in the combination l \u00b7 l , to represent a geminated ( long ) l sound , because ll already represents / \u028e / like in spanish . 
  for example in col \u00b7 legi ( school/college ) . 
  you do n't need to be rude . 
  you do n't have to make these maps , but you do make them and they get posted here , which lots of times i do appreciate , but we are also free to criticise them , especially if it 's constructively . 
  i do n't think my complaint was about politics as i 've stated repeatedly . 
  it 's your map and you can do whatever you want with it , but i can also point out that i do n't think it 's right to exclude catalan from it . 
  i do n't think it 's an attack , i think it 's a result of the anomalous situation in which catalan has been placed by the spanish government . 
  but it 's clear that we have different opinions . 
  i think people can name more african language , i certainly can ( although i enjoy this topic ) . 
  and we 're talking about europe here , not africa .
