  i wonder if there 's any actual murcian independentists . 
  i did meet an aragonese independentist once but that is n't as far-fetched . 
  so why not try to find a solution to the problem ? 
  it 's not going to go away just like that and denying a referendum is only going to make it last longer or provoke a unilateral separation . 
  i honestly do n't know what the strategy of the spanish government is other than trying to put as many catalan politicians in jail as they can if the times comes . 
   they advocate for further dissolution for northern ireland while it is a part of the uk do you mean devolution ? 
  i 'm not trying to be snarky , just really wondering because it 's pretty much two opposite things . 
  will it have to come down to that ? 
  does that benefit spain and/or catalonia ? 
  if they ban these people from holding political positions , do n't you think others will come ( unless the parties themselves are illegalised ) ? 
  how many people will be arrested ? 
  how will spain be viewed internationally when they start arresting dozens of democratically elected officials ? 
  no , whatever , i 'm too tired to have a pointless conversation with someone who knows nothing about catalonia but feels the right to decide that it 's not a nation . 
  do you realise the world is constantly changing ? 
  do you think the world will * always * be like it is right now , in march 2017 ? 
  has it always been this way ? 
  is scotland a province of england as well ? 
  ah , so you 're being a troll . 
  you would n't say that if your country were considered some kind of regional province and governed from far away , and your language a second-level dialect that would be illegal to speak in the state parliament , and the european parliament for that matter . 
  how easy it is to dismiss other people 's aspirations for self-determination when you already have your own independent country and people are n't trying to deny that you 're a nation . 
  do you really think ` the referendum is illegal under spanish law ' is going to be enough to stop this this time ? 
  i ca n't seem to find much information in english , there only seem to be 2 or 3 websites talking about it a little bit . 
  you 'll have to stick with spanish i think , just translate it with google or something . 
  googling ` el yunque asesinatos ' and the like will give you dozens of sources . 
  just do some googling . 
  http://elyunquealdescubierto.blogspot.com.es/2011/06/el-asesinato-de-noel-pavel-gonzalez-un.html http://www.proceso.com.mx/82602/documentados-los-crimenes-del-yunque there 's lots and lots of things that come up . 
  i guess you 'll be able to understand the texts . 
  you still do n't get me ; i was not trying to compare these two things , i was trying to test his limits on what he said :  stifling speech , even speech i find terrible , because of it might be emotionally disturbing is something i can not get behind . 
  i am not comparing what the bus said to what i said . 
  i was asking if he would be alright with a bus saying what i wrote . 
  and i did n't claim that at all . 
  i was asking him a question . 
  i fundamentally disagree . 
  i will not defend the alleged freedom of speech of someone who is advocating for genocide because there are other freedoms that are being infringed upon by doing so . 
  people seem to conflate ` free speech ' with ` freedom to say whatever you want , anytime ' . 
  the rights for citizens not to feel threatened or harassed are important as well . 
  i just can not fathom why calling for genocide has to be tolerated , or even encouraged ( by telling them , it 's ok , i will defend your right to call for my genocide until i get killed by those who advocate it ) . 
  yeah , all i 'm trying to say is that  has a penis , an xy chromosome pair , produces a lot more testosterone than estrogen does n't automatically indicate ` male gender ' . 
  no , gender expression and gender identity are two different things . 
  you can like ` girl things ' and be a man alright . 
  of course i also do n't agree with parents forcing their children to ` transition ' , especially at very young ages , that has to be 100 % the decision of each individual . 
  no one has the right to tell you ` you 're a man ' or ` you 're a woman ' . 
  but it 's better to have an environment of acceptance than one of denial . 
  gender is a social construct because every culture in the world has its own definition of genders . 
  pretending that the western traditional view on ` male , female ' genders is universal and/or the most correct is like saying ` this religion is the one and only because it happens to be the one i follow ' . 
  the vast majority of people are not transgender . 
  what do you think we achieve telling these kids that they are very seriously mentally ill instead of accepting them ? 
  a demonstration of diversity is not dangerous . 
  you know this is not what i was implying , why put words in my mouth ? 
  it 's not about feelings . 
  this is an example of the triggers that most people like to make fun of . 
  if you 're transgender and you see buses going around with transphobic messages and people agreeing with them , it 's violent and it 's abusive for you . 
  there 's absolutely no need for these organisations to parade around hateful messages just because of ` free speech ' . 
  so should they all die and be glad that they were tolerant of the guys that wanted to kill them all ? 
  what purpose does that achieve exactly ? 
  violence is not only physical , it can be traumatising as well . 
  psychological abuse is still violence ( although i do n't know if it counts the same in spanish law ) . 
  what do you think their goal here is ? 
  have you read about hazte oir and what 's behind it ? 
  ` orally disapproving ' and saying ` your race must be murdered and eradicated from earth ' are entirely different things . 
  biological male ! = male gender . 
  gender is a social construct . 
  imagine a jew saying  i disapprove of what you say , but i will defend to the death your right to say it to a nazi and then getting promptly killed . 
  how great indeed of this jew and the rest of the society for allowing the great freedom of free speech !!, 
  unless we protect nazis and let them say what they want , we 're as bad as them !!, 
  ( / s just in case it 's not obvious enough ) . 
  how about a bus parading around saying , ` kill all the jews ' ? 
  or maybe , ` kill all the roma , hail hitler !!! ', 
  would you be ok with that as well ? 
  the organisation that 's been trying to drive this bus around is a front for the extreme-right ` el yunque ' group , whose goal is to :  defend the catholic religion and fight the forces of satan , whether through violence or murder and establish the kingdom of god https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/el_yunque_ ( organization ) sadly , there 's more information to be found in spanish , but the scariest/saddest thing is that this is not a conspiracy , but something very real , and they are still recruiting people in spain . 
  they also have the support of some of spain 's highest-ranked cardinals and other clergy . 
  usually there 's always more people complaning about vegans theoretically showing up than actual vegans saying anything . 
  and iberic ham pigs ( the good quality stuff ) get probably one of the best treatments of all livestock , they roam the pastures every day and are not confined in a cage being force-fed . 
  and i 'm saying that as a vegetarian . 
  she 's all about national interests !, 
  it 's just that when she says national , she means national ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ front . 
  it 's easy and very useful , the wiki page about it is a very good starting point . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f7/crnagora.ogg it 's pronounced [ t\u0361sr\u0329\u0302\u02d0na\u02d0 \u0261\u0254\u030cra ] . 
  using this sort of english approximation does n't really work , other than providing you with a very rough guideline . 
  the first r is trilled like a spanish ` rr ' . 
  the second one is flapped , not unlike the american pronunciation of the t in ` metal ' . 
  the first word has a falling tone , the second one has a rising tone . 
  note that the nucleus of the first syllable is the r , there are n't any more vowels other than the final a. 
  because the land of montenegro was ruled by venice for centuries and that 's how it became known internationally . 
  which do you think would be more popular back then , some slavic language or the international trade powerhouse of venice ? 
  the native nave is crna gora btw , the c makes a ` ts ' sound , not an english ` ch ' . 
  ` montenegro ' is venetian , not spanish , although in all romance languages ` black mountain ' is very similar . 
  i think some norther germanic dialects still use cases actively , especially norwegian dialects , but a native speaker can confirm . 
  accusative and dative merged into an oblique case in english pronouns , it 's not like one of them just disappeared . 
  well in catalonia and the basque country the only official names are the native ones ( i 'm not 100 % sure about the basque names ) , and some of those names are totally different to the spanish ones ( which sometimes are traditional and sometimes completely invented ) , but that does n't mean people do n't use them anyway or know the places . 
  but now everyone knows how to read irish do n't they ? 
  would you usually only use the irish names when talking in irish ? 
  i have a question for irish redditors : why did you keep using the ` translated ' / adapted to english versions of place names ? 
  for example , for this town wikipedia says that its name is na hailich\u00ed , meaning `` the cliff fields '' . 
  that makes sense ; but ` allihies ' does not . 
  why were the english names left unchanged ? 
  do n't you moderate like 70 subreddits ? 
  if you were trying to be funny you really did n't succeed . 
  this is borderline trolling , if you 're suggesting that ` gay people could already marry people of their opposite gender ' . 
  whether marriage is a civil right or not , everyone deserves the same access to it , be they black , white , heterosexual or homosexual .
