  i do n't think the map is claiming that there are western georgian languages , but just grouping different dialects for the sake of comparison into two groups . 
  see how it does that with other languages/dialect continuums . 
  it seems more complete because it looks like there has been a lot of research on the exact location of every little ethnolinguistic group and its geographical location , including several ones that are not even featured in op 's map . 
  this one is even more complete : http://gulf2000.columbia.edu/images/maps/caucasus_ethno-linguistic_groups_lg.png, 
   the `` vila vella enceinte '' do we speak french now ? 
  so according to you , valencia was mostly settled by aragonese ? 
  or perhaps even spaniards !, 
  and sure , there are 13 catalan surnames in valencia . 
  that 's it . 
  the language comes from latin , lol , it sure does . 
  i 'm sure james i was very perplexed when he arrived at valencia and heard the people speaking catalan already . 
  it seems to me that you do n't know anything about linguistics but i really do n't want to lose my time with this . 
  we in this context is all of spain : not all of spain speaks the same language . 
  ` we ' have always had the ' \u00e7 ' . 
  good night . 
  downplay the role of aragon ? 
  what ? 
  i mentioned aragon in both of my comments . 
  the catalan-speaking areas of valencia were mostly settled by catalans . 
  where did those surnames come from ? 
  where does the language come from ? 
  or are you one of those people who believe that valencian is a mystical language that has always been here but that at the same time is magically identical to catalan ? 
  who is ` we ' ? 
  we still have ' \u00e7 ' . 
  lol . 
  * you * are kidding , right ? 
  of course i know there 's always been people living here , iberians , romans , visigoths , arabs and berbers , etc. 
  sorry for using ` colonised ' instead of ` settled ' . 
  does this change the fact that the language , the laws and lots of customs came from catalonia ( and aragon to a lesser degree ) ? 
  although valencia was mostly colonised by catalans ( and aragonese ) , the political and economical landscape has always been vastly different . 
  of course there are people that want independence ( like me ) but it 's 10 times less the amount in catalonia . 
  there 's also varying degrees of catalanophobia that are mostly associated with the right . 
  edit : and i just found out that this user is nothing but a bad troll . 
  `` i 'm providing hard facts which you fail to do . 
  if you had just listed or linked to 14 differrent surnames , you would both proven your and disproven my point . '', 
  so i 'm supposed to list 14 different catalan surnames to ` prove my point ' . 
  lol . 
  or does it ? 
  if after a certain age you just disengage and stop caring about news or the world , you would n't really say that this person 's older self is better informed . 
  being older does n't magically make you wiser or more informed . 
  i know way , way more about politics and the world than my grandmother who only knows what she has seen on whichever tv channel she was watching . 
  i do n't think she 's very aware of the complexities of international politics and economy . 
  what will be the news article tomorrow ? 
  `` the catalan government will brand babies born to spanish parents with a bull-shaped mark '' ?? 
  this is ridiculous . 
  i know what i said , i did n't think of terra lliure when i wrote the post and several people have already pointed it out as you can see . 
  i still do n't think it should be used to define the independence movement like ira or eta are . 
  the current movement is peaceful . 
  i know i should n't have said * always * but i 'm too lazy to change it . 
  i 'm from valencia as well . 
  it 's not that signage only in spanish is illegal in catalonia , not anymore that signage in swahili is . 
  it 's that catalan signage is required . 
  how again is this outrageous ? 
  that signage in an official language is required by law ? 
  and in valencia the law is that signage must be in spanish , and then do whatever you want with catalan . 
  i wish we had catalan language laws . 
  the fact that spain is n't as bad as france does n't give it a pass . 
  the situation could also be better , like it is in switzerland or belgium . 
  i literally have dozens of news articles with people being detained/harassed by police because of them speaking catalan ( and other languages ) to them . 
  there * is * harassment that does n't get reported in spanish media ( because who cares anyway ) . 
  i know about terra lliure , see my opinion on that further down this thread . 
  as for the language , i believe every time they 've asked someone from the catalan government they 've answered that spanish will keep being official . 
  ` forces ' the signs , do you mean that the signs in a country should be in the country 's official language ? 
  are they outlawing signage in spanish ? 
  the fact that people are outraged because signage in an official language is required should give you more reasons to understand why some want independence . 
  whoops !, 
  that paternalistic bullshit has n't taken us anywhere . 
  catalonia will never convince spain to ` allow ' it to be independent and we have already tried . 
  we 're not going to wait until spain decides to send in the tanks and that 's all i 'm going to say . 
  slippery slope fallacy . 
  we 're talking about several * sui generis * cases . 
   kosovo would be analogous if spain was subverting the catalan government , arresting people for expressing catalan independence ideas , attempting to control the narrative in catalan schools , embedding spies and moles in catalan political parties etc. 
  it 's fun that you say this because with a bit of googling you could find examples of all the things you 've said . 
  i doubt there 's much info in english though . 
  i only compared them because it happened quite recently , nothing more . 
  however i repeat myself : why is it that independence is only possible if a group of people is being almost subject to genocide ? 
  as long as there is a political will , why does it have to be any different ? 
  i do n't think slovakia was extremely oppressed back in the day either , or norway when it was part of sweden/denmark , or iceland in the same case . 
  i honestly do n't know why catalans ca n't follow the same path . 
  there are a lot of arguments against catalonia 's independence , but `` you 're not oppressed enough '' is surely not one of them . 
  not comparable . 
  but would you want to be a province of spain nowadays ? 
  with all the alleged rights that catalans have in spain ? 
  that 's the point . 
  after all , they 're not burning anyone anymore . 
  it 's a valid comparison since you stated that they went on to join a political party . 
  not trying to deflect anything . 
  so i 'm not allowed to say * always * ? 
  should i say always * ( terms and conditions apply ) ? 
  if we 're discussing semantics , then from now on i 'll never say always again . 
  the truth is that some people are very quick to point this out to try and delegitimise the movement . 
  if we get this picky , we ca n't say that any movement in history has been peaceful at all . 
  if we ca n't say that our movement is peaceful , when we have peaceful demonstrations with 2 * milion * catalans marching in the streets , because some guys 30 years ago decided to put some bombs and kill themselves acting dumb , then i just do n't know . 
  who claims that ? 
  lol, 
  so what , they renounced violence . 
  many former ira members are also part of sinn f\u00e9in nowadays . 
  this was a fringe group , nothing like eta or ira . 
  they killed 5 people and 4 of those people were members of their organisation . 
  this in no way represents the independence movement , neither now nor back in the day .
