  the uk was n't an absolutist monarchy . 
  they probably do . 
  but soldiers are soldiers . 
  except then britain and ireland would win all the time like they did when that rule was in place . 
  you need a national insurance number if you want anything other than a cash in hand job . 
  and i 'm sure you do n't need a national id for a cash in hand job in france . 
  there is n't a north korea of africa . 
   they are quite willing to go fighting on their governments say-so as seen the last ** 40-50 years . 
  how is that ? 
  the last war in which the draft was used for america was vietnam , and let 's just say a large chunk of the populace was less than willing . 
  poles too . 
  well , have you not seen edge of tomorrow ? 
  calm down tywin . 
  they were called world wars and eurovision is n't worldvision . 
  fair enough . 
  something that should be and needs to be investigated , especially despicable if it does indeed have collusion with the same government who signed the gfa . 
  being from birmingham though i know reopening old cases will only bring more resentment to the forefront . 
  is n't the whole point of the good friday agreement that we do n't investigate anything ? 
  i mean if we investigate this then we also have to reinvestigate ira crimes and bombings and it just reopens everything up . 
  i thought we accepted it 's not the best solution but it 's one that seems to be working . 
  i would imagine the difference is negligible compared to calais alone . 
  your argument that leaving the eu would stop eu countries helping with illegal immigration is funny when eu countries already do n't help . 
   our police catches illegals trying to get to britain every week , imagine if they would just say `` it 's britain 's problem now '' . 
  france does that anyway . 
  driven through calais recently ? 
  i dread to think what kavos will look like . 
  up there with hunger for troubles-set films for me . 
  much better than wank stains like 50 dead men walking . 
  so you 're telling me that the aztecs did n't invade half of europe ? 
  hungary should go back to its true god , tengri , the sky father . 
  how would you see that happening ? 
  population wise you 're fine as i think you have more than the western isles but surely it would mean becoming a proper part of the uk instead of an overseas territory . 
  and if that happened would n't it stop your low taxes ? 
  that 's because there are 2 different stories ... 
  huh ? 
  exactly the same http://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/36qhad/net_migration_to_uk_reaches_318000/ ? 
  nope , great britain in 1707 and united kingdom of great britain and ireland in 1800 . 
   like the uk was technically created with the act of union between scotland and england in the early eighteenth century gb was created in the early 18th century , the uk in the early 19th . 
  right to self-determination ? 
  falklands ? 
  in terms of after education , yes . 
  in terms of being a student there 's 0 chance the government would kick you out 2 years into your degree . 
  how is it fucking you over ? 
  so why would it spark a renaissance if the uk ( minus n. ireland ) did n't ? 
  that 'll soon change . 
  they 'll probably fuck off that massive order of type-26 frigates though . 
  oh , well next time i guess we wo n't host the largest protest in this country ever . 
  the only thing that 'd cause paranoia and possible hysteria in london is if someone started talking on the underground . 
  like it currently is ? 
  tuition fees in england for example . 
  but that 's about actually moving to ireland whereas all i want to do is get the citizenship for the eu benefits . 
  well i 'd become a dual-citizen , not completely irish , so i 'd say it 's perfectly fine to pick up the citizenship and not call myself irish . 
  it 's not exactly a burden to ireland in anyway i know of , unless i get kidnapped in a foreign country or something . 
  and yeah , it 'd be through my granddad . 
  i reckon there 's a fair few of us with irish grandparents knocking about . 
  not free movement but if he has irish citizenship it means he can live anywhere in the eu in the future . 
  probably what i 'll do too if we leave , just to keep my options open . 
   we all know what appeasement eventually brought us in the late 30 's . 
  and we all know what escalation brought us in the 1910 's . 
  bit of a false comparison there . 
  exactly . 
  considering it 's size the british empire had a tiny bureaucratic base in comparison to today . 
  we 're not labelling everything that 's unhealthy or undesirable , we 're labelling everything that is a food or drink . 
  i do n't see why alcohol should be excluded . 
  it was called the madman theory . 
  what does it mean to be related via tribe ? 
  would it be equivalent of having the same last name here ? 
  it 's a really interesting concept to me because most people here do n't really consider anyone family beyond immediate relatives . 
  you have friend/family/work circles which can overlap but the idea of an overarching tribe is completely foreign ( and fascinating ) . 
  [ nope . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/3175zs/why_do_germans_refer_to_germany_as_the_fatherland/ )  there 's no such word as `` motherland '' in russian . 
  as you may notice , we communicate in english about it , so `` motherland '' is an english word , most commonly used as a translation for two russian words : '' \u0440\u043e\u0434\u0438\u043d\u0430 '' and '' \u043e\u0442\u0435\u0447\u0435\u0441\u0442\u0432\u043e '' . 
  the first one means `` native place '' , and though it 's of feminine grammatical gender , it has nothing to do with the word `` mother '' . 
  the second word means ... well , fatherland , because it is derived from the word `` father '' . 
  we 're also world leaders on referendums and self-determination so swings and round-abouts eh ? 
  so when i visited tunis and tangier all the market stall people would be like ` england !, 
  yes i have a cousin in england ' or whatever . 
  do many people have family and or friends in europe they keep in contact with or is this just a tactic to flog me some shite ? 
   that you are n't the authority on associations . 
  and you are ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  i 'm not arguing that the iron cross is a nazi symbol , rather that it is commonly associated with the nazi 's in popular culture . 
  but nice sarcastic remark , you might get the hang of it without the use of exclamation marks one day . 
  it 's not exactly common knowledge , pretty acceptable to associate it with nazi germany , same with the totenkopf . 
  but is still associated with nazi germany so the point still stands . 
  so which country is all of those things : a former colonial power , on an island , with a history of moderate politics with common law ? 
  and our healthcare system is more like theirs than yours . 
  not really a good argument that one . 
  are we really stereotyped as cross-dressing bdsm lovers ? 
  i thought that was just something we thought of politicians . 
  even darts is more of a sport than that . 
  i wonder how france is going down ? 
  could n't be anything to do with letting them all through calais could it ? 
  it 's called the old boys club , not frat boys , over here . 
  because op mentioned mayotte so i assume he does n't just mean europe ? 
   churchill himself realized the necessity of a united europe . 
  maybe you brits should remember that . 
  what 's that got to do with the price of bacon ? 
  he also wanted to start ww3 with the soviet union so forgive me if most people do n't base their opinions on politicians who have been dead for 60 years . 
  do they not see themselves in that get-up and be like , ` are we the bad guys ? ',
