  anybody who knows anything about spaghetti westerns would know this . 
  i 'm pretty sure the government runs minority only internships and the like . 
  9/11 was conducted by saudi nationals . 
  7/7 was conducted by british muslims . 
  you can see his point . 
  the fact that many of their citizens have european heritage , the culture surrounding them being both ideologically and religiously opposed to their own , the support of some european countries since their foundation , the support of the us giving them ` western ' influences over asian and i 'd have to wonder how much isreal has become european since 1994 . 
  i think uefa is one of the smallest influences on isreal becoming more european culturally . 
  australia is asian then . 
  czech republic and lithuania must love their permanent un security council seat . 
  but also do n't underestimate people 's power to be retarded . 
   why you would want to move to the uk , is a different story . 
  he wants to move to one of , if not the most , desirable cities in the world . 
  i think it 's pretty understandable . 
  so why does n't turkey acknowledged it as a genocide ? 
  i do n't think that 's the biggest problem in 300 . 
  we 'd be ambivalent towards canada and dislike america even more ? 
  just because french pollsters are involved in political scandals does n't mean yougov is . 
  here is some of yougov 's history : second most accurate prediction for 2005 uk general election . 
  most accurate prediction for 2008 london mayoral election . 
  most accurate prediction for 2012 us presidential election . 
  1 % difference from the 2012 french presidential election . 
  1 % difference from the 2012 london mayoral election . 
  most accurate prediction for the 2012 swedish general election . 
  i 'm not saying this means that this particular poll is accurate but yougov has a pretty solid history and is n't without it 's critics ( mainly that using only the internet means missing some demographics and voter turnout is less accurate than others ) but it is a very good pollster . 
  yougov is pretty well trusted international research firm part of the british polling council that uses selected internet groups to sample . 
  i believe they have something like 3 million worldwide with 400k in the uk . 
  they have some of the most accurate results in worldwide elections so take that as you will . 
  because being inside a migrant camp , fighting and illegally trying to enter another country is less complicated than settling in france ? 
  i like the parting glass and much prefer it to auld lang syne . 
  well , scotland 's is too so we do n't mind that much . 
  thought the cayman islands was nice for that sort of stuff ? 
  also it 's the isle of man . 
  i guess this explains why the seppos are obsessed with iced tea . 
  if your government strongly advises you not to go somewhere why should they be responsible in getting you back ? 
  and the uk is also a specific country . 
  i doubt any exit from the eu would take place without massive negotiations . 
  we like there to be an even amount of shit between the defecating power . 
  must . 
  maintain . 
  balance . 
  shit . 
  boohoo , i got downvoted on reddit , it must mean that they are kids who are all superficial and downvoted me because i 'm american . 
  get over yourself mate . 
   moreover , many european countries have been helping the united states police the globe , which focuses their attention outward , not on each other . 
  kind of like when most european countries had vast colonies ? 
  why is the middle finger an insult ? 
  i think they 're both stupid anyway . 
  the ` wanker ' hand symbol is much easier to work out if you 're foreign and insulting at the same time . 
  from what i remember of the german 's i spoke to there they all found it hilarious . 
  because we do n't have any roma anyway . 
  it 's all the irish gypsies or whatever they call themselves over here . 
   i vow to thee , my country being the british national anthem is that it seems to be a bit entwined with princess diana 's funeral candle in the wind it is then . 
  georgia was also an aggressor in many ways . 
  it 's not as black and white as you make it out . 
  funnily enough scotland has a lot of mongs too . 
  superior in being the most blonde . 
  i would argue that your last two points are more unpopular on r/europe than in real life . 
  not usually birmingham . 
  brum is known for the balti . 
  i guess you could say it would be like setting up memorials to the native americans in alabama or mississippi a couple of generations after the trail of tears . 
  i really like * born in the usa * for that reason . 
  yet comparing the euro to global warming implies there is one prevalent view most experts agree on with only the crazies believing the other . 
  not really an apt comparison with global warming then is it ? 
  so where 's the evidence that britain adopting the euro would be beneficial ? 
  he must be jealous that canada is one of the only countries we care so little about we do n't have a name for them . 
  probably blame the west . 
  russians should have heredity ptsd from the winter war . 
  even if it is n't the majority opinion , holding one which 38 % of the country agree with compared to 41 % is n't that bad to be honest . 
  i have no idea about the situation in iran but iran and russia are completely different . 
  what retarded logic . 
  the protester 's were from all over the country , doubt there were many locals there . 
  last time the british police evicted gypies from private property on large scale you had hundred 's of protesters turn up to stop it . 
  i 'm sure agent orange came under the geneva convention . 
  tell that to the vietnamese . 
  i think the point is that the negotiations were made , not the privacy of such negotiations . 
  there has always been talk of leaving the eu . 
  i see you are still so mad about '66 you forgot the date . 
  yeah , because the uk has n't had any other countries peacefully secede before . 
  ever . 
  not one . 
  oh , fuck the politicians that represent the view of the majority of the population . 
  i 'm about 100 % sure there is no majority wish for closer integration in the eu . 
  it 's lucky that the rest of the english mp 's have as much power as scottish mp 's then . 
  not really . 
  there has always been a strong eu-scepticism in the uk . 
  you ca n't really count the olympics as he was literally competing for gb . 
  that 's because you 'd be better off with euros than scottish money in england . 
  other than the fact that the whole referendum was run on the promise that scotland would keep the pound if they went independent ? 
  a historically catholic country of all places ? 
  the shock . 
  sounds more like the result for caliph hence the reason that is a definition for a caliph . 
  you did n't ? 
  must be a coincidence that your definition is the same as the first result on google . 
  now you 've learnt how to google you should use that skill to educate yourself some more . 
  you clearly have no idea what a caliphate is . 
  i 'd put in you see a fuck tonne of e-cigs nowadays too . 
  people being able to smoke them indoors has really boosted their popularity . 
  britain intervened in europe in both the seven years war and the revolutionary wars . 
  russia may have led the holy alliance but to say britain was completely isolated from european affairs and focused purely on overseas colonies is pure fabrication . 
  yeah , the uk was so isolated from continental politics that napoleon only set up the continental system to oppose britain .
