it 's interesting that many people i talk to do n't even realise the hague is a city . 
  they think it solely refers international criminal court/court of justice . 
  a serbian calling brits ruthless . 
  i 've seen everything now . 
  i suppose we should stop giving the second most money to charity in europe as we 're so ruthless and emotionless . 
  i would suspect the majority of people in the uk are completely indifferent . 
  yep , according to people on here the uk is the worst offender when it comes to ignoring eu directives . 
  i mean , it 's not like half of the countries literally skewed their figures to join , let alone what they do now . 
  looking forward to the vastly original ` goodbye uk ' comments . 
  if we accidentally into the african union i might cry . 
  i do n't think it 's so much the amount of people that live there ( thought it is massive compared to the rest of the country ) as to how many people commute during the working day . 
  i think the actual people in the city during the working week is around 12-15 million . 
  it 's because he seems to passing the buck . 
  instead of allocating more resources to the problem the mayor just seems to be saying , ` it 's not our fault , you should n't have such high benefits ' . 
  i know it 's halo and the quality is poor , but i always loved [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9ocauqnnde ) . 
  welsh btw . 
  because shit like this is common throughout the eu and not uk specific ? 
  we do get special treatment though . 
  if we keep getting it no wonder our politicians keep expecting it . 
  i do n't see any of these mexican places outdoing nando 's though . 
  what 's the difference between bosnians and bosniaks ? 
  i always thought bosnian was the nationality and bosniak the ethnicity . 
  you 've got downvoted but it 's true . 
  the us has n't technically been at war since ww2 . 
  according to themselves anyway . 
  yeah , imperial russia was so much better . 
  so much better in fact that they overthrew the monarchy through massive riots . 
  to be fair at the moment benefits has been the scapegoat for everything . 
  our own citizens get demonised for being on benefits let alone people from europe . 
  apparently benefit fraud is much a bigger problem than companies dodging tax . 
  yeah ? 
  and your employer needs to prove that they can not find an adequate employee from the uk or the eu . 
  considering that 's over 500 million people , yes , it 's pretty taxing . 
   in previous decades . 
  the rules have changed recently . 
  go to / r/iwantout and see how hard it is for people without citizenship by descent to get into the uk permanently without being in a highly skilled career with a decade of experience . 
  because undercutting people in fairly skilled jobs ( plumbing , electricians , building ) forces people out of business and into unskilled minimum wage jobs . 
  i wonder why people find it bad . 
  because we can control the non-eu immigration ? 
  if you look at the current rules for non-eu citizens to immigrate to the uk you 'll see how hard it is . 
  my point is that the op 's comment is not only historically incorrect but completely irrelevant . 
  a war over 200 years ago between two countries that are barely recognisable as the same entities is n't relevant at all . 
  it 's the same as germany complaining about something and somebody responding ` maybe you should n't have killed all the jews then . ', 
  and yes , if stating historical fact is bitterness for losing an empire i could n't give two shits about , yes i am ` salty ' . 
  oh yeah , the american colonists had it so bad under the british . 
  they had the highest quality of living in the empire , the smallest rate of tax ( pretty much nothing by the time the revolution started ) and had the army bail them out when they started a war against a much weaker colony they could n't beat . 
  poor american colonists . 
  it 's less some parts of london and more like certain cities : birmingham , bradford and blackburn off the top of my head . 
  i would imagine anyone who asks for a referendum on an issue they believe is harming the country to be as soon as possible . 
  22k or 220k ? 
  so they discriminate against their own country more than the rest of the eu . 
  it is very annoying . 
  there is ambiguity though so people revert to the last full invasion which was the norman invasion of england . 
  and even then this map is wrong , should probably use the double lion flag of normandy and only colour in england . 
  alternative is cameron as your head of state . 
   can you imagine if the entire uk voted in the scottish referendum ? 
  scotland would definitely have independence then . 
  are you joking ? 
  eurosceptic voters are not going to be swayed by this in the slightest . 
  it might impact some politicians sure , but people have far larger complaints about the eu than financial service oversight . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  i 'm sorry the west did n't want to start ww3 and nuclear war to save your country . 
  so what does the context in which the countries were unified matter in the slightest ? 
  and they now have the choice to be independent yet something close to half the country wants to continue the union . 
  does that not imply that there is a strong basis for two countries to be tied together ? 
  and others would point out the west lothian question . 
  it was n't split because of religion , it was split between what the uk had direct control of and what it did n't ( i.e princely states ) . 
  no wonder people say we ca n't have a proper on it . 
  if you 're in favour of brexit apparently you 're ex-edl lol . 
  to be fair , there has to be nearly as much irish in the british armed forces as the irish . 
  arguably ireland won it 's independence through warfare , but i agree with your point and sentiment . 
   we used to rule the fucking world only a hundred years ago . 
  yeah , a hundred years ago was really great . 
  with all that mustard gas and trenches , one could almost forget about imperialism . 
  i guess general history knowledge helps a lot . 
  i remember albania because of the italian conquest , meaning it has to be on the coast and macedonia because it 's directly above greece . 
  for bosnia i guess it 's that serbia is above kosovo which is the smallest country there , so you can work out the rest haha . 
  i think it 's easy to get lithuania . 
  poland-lithuania , hence it 's the closest . 
  then i always remember the l 's are together and you can work it out . 
  sweden is a completely different economy to the uk . 
  immigrants generally work for lower wages than people from britain who are used to a higher standard of living . 
  that 's one of the main arguments , hence the ` they took our jerbs ' not the argument you seem to have found . 
  then you 'd be flooded with british immigrants . 
   knowing farage you mean knowing a politician who has literally done nothing to change any uk laws ? 
  nice and bitter . 
  i like it . 
  funny because the 2 top sports in france are english . 
  has anything changed in funding ? 
  prioritisation of other sports ? 
  british swimming has improved because we did shit at one point . 
  by that logic the french controlled southern italy and sicily in the 11th and 12th centuries . 
  not so covert but apparently effective . 
  you know the uk literally has death camps ? 
  i do n't have a source but if you lived here , you 'd know what i 'm talking about . 
  because london is expensive as fuck ? 
  / r/unitedkingdom is about as good a representation of the uk 's media as / r/europe is on popularity of federalisation . 
  if you think the majority of media coverage went to ukip in the uk you are either delusional or going on hear say . 
   uk media where mostly giving 89 % of the space to farage and it 's racist pranks & comments you are having a laugh right ? 
  89 % of coverage went to ukip ?
