  i 'm glad at least some country is sane when it comes to energy policy these days . 
  there are without a doubt downsides to nuclear energy , but getting carbon dioxide emissions to a minimum should be everyones priority right now . 
  there are far more successful methods than the ones we use . 
  i 'm swedish and i 've never heard of this before . 
  we have several other scary things in nature ( like tbe from ticks ) , but this was news to me . 
  this is one of the really obvious downsides with the nordic model . 
  we do not know how to deal with organized crime . 
  we 've also got problems with hells angels and similar gangs . 
  immigrants probably only account for half of the problems . 
  why is that ? 
  english is taught to everyone since third grade in sweden , i 'm sure it 's something similar in norway . 
  everyone knows english , so why not ? 
  not nsfw , this would without doubt air in sweden . 
  yes ? 
  is that strange ? 
  almost every kind of electronic dance music except techno , trance and progressive house have been heavily influenced by the scene in london . 
  are you for real ? 
  berlin is all about the what 's already been established and nostalgia , london is all about the future . 
  he used the article as a source for his claims . 
  migrationsverket is the part of our government that approves or denies immigration applications . 
  they 're getting more money because they 're getting more applications , not because they 're approving more . 
  besides , even if they were approving more they are n't the ones paying for welfare for the immigrants , so giving them more money makes no sense if you 're looking to increase the number of immigrants . 
  i suggest you learn more about our country before you make this kind of claims . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  a lot of the people in sd have far right opinions , but i do n't consider the party itself that much more to the right than kristdemokraterna etc. 
  and i was talking about neonazis , indeed . 
  i do n't see this at all in sweden . 
  the far right is not on the rise here , it 's more the opposite . 
  i 'm pretty sure internship is not removing a part of the population from the labor market , quite the opposite . 
  we should have some kind of legislation that prohibits the employers from taking advantage of that . 
  maybe some kind of apprenticeship program ? 
  the current state of affairs will not stand , though , that 's for sure . 
  and how would you do that ? 
  then tell me , how would you solve this problem ? 
  i 'm not sure he 's swedish either , but looking at the comment history i can see he 's some kind of troll . 
  it gets you the experience and it 's better than no job at all . 
  that 's what internship is for . 
  it 's cheap . 
  we are a part of several bigger unions , there 's no real need for our politicians to be so forthcoming . 
  yes , that 's obviously quite prevalent . 
  and then we have politicians bending ass-backwards for the us . 
  i think he may be right . 
  it 's really interesting . 
  they only handle military intelligence . 
  funny , that 's exactly what made swedish schools so good . 
  i 'm starting to wonder if my country really has such low corruption as it 's being portrayed . 
   s\u00c4po is not the swedish spy agency actually , it 's the swedish intelligence service . 
  they have other functions too , like the security part , but they do engage in espionage . 
  we 're cheap when it comes to our tax money being used for a party for officials . 
  it 's not exactly what we 're told that we 're paying for . 
  we do have it , but it 's not commonly bought . 
  feindlichkeit sounds a lot like fientlighet in swedish , which means the same thing . 
  fremden sounds a lot like fr\u00e4mling , which also means the same thing . 
  i guess our two languages are pretty closely related . 
  is it really ? 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  so you 're implying that i 'm a racist , or what 's up with this comment ? 
  i was thinking about a more europe-wide perspective , but yes it seems like the political platform is n't gaining anymore . 
  that 's why i said has gained . 
  this is a very nordic expression . 
  does n't translate well into english . 
  it means when immigrants are being prejudice against the native nordic population . 
  the idea is to show that racism does n't only come in the form of white man acting badly against immigrant , which is the norm for racism here . 
  i do n't think it 's on the rise , it 's just that it has gained a political platform . 
   if the american govermen pinkie-swears that they will not give him a death sentence , you do n't think swedish officials will take that at face value ? 
  of course they will . 
  again , i think there is good reason for assange to be worried . 
  i 'm not sure if he 's guilty or not , but if he did what was claimed then the charges that he 's a suspect of are correct . 
  i do n't actually know if they would extradite him , but if there 's a chance he would get a death penalty it would be highly illegal for them to do so . 
  so when you examine the history of cases like these you could conclude that he probably would n't be extradited , but that 's assuming they do n't find some kind of loophole after some pressure from the us . 
  and that has a tendency to happen in high profile cases , for some odd reason . 
  i do n't think assange is dangerous enough for them to assasinate him , i suspect they 're trying to deter whistleblowing by making and example out of him . 
  a trial would be much more effective at that . 
  well , he 's paranoid . 
  and it might be for good reason , who knows ? 
  well , since piracy is illegal they think they 're just fighting crime . 
  listen , i 'm not saying there 's no cause for concern . 
  i 'm saying your example does n't apply to this situation . 
  however , if we look at all the mess with the pirate bay , that would apply to this situation . 
  please be factual and let your criticism be relevant . 
  i do n't think they even understand they 're biased in those cases . 
  no , it does not . 
  do you even understand the difference ? 
  yes , that 's one case that was very troubling and it absolutely is a reason for worry for assange . 
  i 'd say that 's a very good example of relevant criticism against swedish courts . 
  this was a rendition , though , had nothing to do with swedish courts . 
  probably some politician or official being too easily influenced by the us . 
  i hate it , but us influence is a fact of life on this planet . 
  an extradition , on the other hand , is dealt with by swedish courts . 
  they are not very easily influenced , especially not by foreign powers . 
  i 'm not saying assange has n't got anything to worry about , but this particular criticism is not relevant to his situation . 
   it 's a complicated issue and hard to solve , but violence is n't the way . 
  i completely agree . 
   is a verbose way of saying : `` i do n't like poor people ; let 's get rid of them '' no , it is n't . 
  you 're reading way too much into what i was writing . 
  you 're welcome to come here and see what the problem is yourself . 
  you would most likely understand what i was talking about . 
  i never suggested that solution , i have no idea why you thought that . 
  what i 'm thinking is more like creating tailor-made integration strategies for the romani people . 
  find out how we can bridge the gap .
