  white people ? 
  you do realize that the woman interviewed in the apartment was a refugee from former yugoslavia when she came to sweden , right ? 
  are refugees required to have dark skin to count , or what 's up with this comment ? 
  he might be biased . 
  the muslims i know definitely do not feel that way . 
  sweden has always had problems with segregation , we have n't ever had any policies to prevent people who are poor , unemployed or have social problems from moving to the same areas . 
  in some parts of the country it 's poor swedes who are problematic . 
  so the real issue is n't refugees per se , it 's being poor and not having a way to become a part of society . 
  we 've seen the same pattern for 100 + years here , and now refugrees happen to end up in that position . 
  while europe is more than the eu , most of the people in europe live in eu states . 
  i understand where you 're coming from , but i do n't agree that this specific post gives the impression that europe is the eu only . 
  we 've got the same problem in sweden . 
  not sure if it 's because of siemens though . 
  what about sweden ? 
  according to the map we 've got a authoritarian traditional family system but we 've got a very socialist/liberal system today , not authoritarian or right wing at all . 
  we 're in this recession because of excessive debt , specifically . 
  it 's a pretty good summary of the situation . 
  i 've seen the video and the sd guys really act just like any other neonazi thug here . 
  it 's quite damning evidence of what they 're really made of . 
  some might act deliberately . 
  it 's not uncommon . 
  depression is just one of the causes of suicide . 
  i 'm not dirty !, 
  i shower regularly . 
  i want to punch this asshole really hard with a baseball bat in his corrupt little head . 
  no , the only country that comes even close to being that big of a player is germany , and it 's still off . 
  while germany is more populous , turkey is geographically larger and holds a key strategic position in its region . 
  there really is n't any country like that in europe . 
  i honestly ca n't see why you would want to be a member either . 
  i really liked your country when i was there , but i did so for the differences , not the similarities . 
  however , a schengen deal would probably be a good thing for both parties . 
  turkey being a member and their ambition to become a regional superpower are incompatible . 
  i 'm pretty sure we do n't want turkey to be a member . 
  the differences and interests differ too much . 
  absolutely . 
  it 's not socially accepted even if it is n't viewed as cp . 
  not sure why you 're downvoted , what you said seems accurate . 
  i do n't know about slovakia , but it was only sold in sweden for a short period of time . 
  i 've been to copenhagen twice recently , once last summer and once this summer . 
  the restrooms in the central station charged both times . 
  as someone who intensely dislikes the taste of pork but loves beef : fuck the people involved in this . 
  so you 're blaming a whole religion for something that a few asshats does ? 
  that 's a bit weird . 
  now , i 'm not a fan of islam but these people are just a bunch of idiots . 
  do we blame soccer for the hooligans ? 
  since most of the younger ones are born here it 's technically their country , but that does n't give them the right to act like assholes . 
  provocation is a big deal in art . 
  the eu does n't include all of europe , and not norway where there committee that awards the peace prize is located . 
  it 's like how many american reporters do n't understand that the euro zone is n't europe , and it does n't even include all of the eu . 
  it 's really ignorant . 
  being unhappy does n't mean you think the left people are any better . 
  sd are really gaining ground now , i think that 's a pretty good indicator . 
  what ? 
  most swedes seems to like the mix of socialism and capitalism . 
  i did not praise the former government , they had pretty serious flaws in their policies as well . 
  it 's just that the flaws of the current administration are areas where the former one were better . 
  it took quite some time to implement a lot of their policies , and some have n't been implemented yet . 
  that was an interesting read , but i feel that they 're giving the current administration a bit too much credit . 
  first of all , the real effects of their cuts wo n't show for quite some time now , they 're still living on the merits of the more left-oriented one . 
  secondly , the privatisations have not been successful across the board . 
  in a lot of the cases it has simply turned into a moneymaking machine for the market , leading to higher prices and worse service for the population . 
  i do agree that privatisations can be a really good thing , but they 're not being pragmatic about it but it happens on a ideological basis . 
  it 's not good for sweden in the long run . 
  also , the way that they deal with poverty ( which means immigrants , to a large degree ) is going to become a problem . 
  we have had increasing social unrest in these groups , and lowering taxes has not generated more jobs . 
  the model for learning immigrants swedish is really flawed too , which certainly does n't help . 
  these groups feel discriminated against , and even if it was n't the intention it 's becoming a bigger and bigger problem . 
  another huge problem is how they 've reduced the disability services , and trying to get people back to work by force . 
  the idea was that it should be combined with rehabilitation efforts , which is a good idea , but it has n't been implemented nearly as often as it should . 
  this leads to a pretty oppressive disability strategy , and sick people finding themselves in poverty . 
  it may be possible for a good portion of the people on disability to work if they find work that caters to their disabilities , but these jobs do n't seem to materialise . 
  so you get part time unemployment instead . 
  these policies need to be refined quite a lot , especially improving the incentives for employers to employ part-time disabled people . 
  i feel that much of the economic gains from these policies are essentially a kind of piggy backing on selling out public property and are of a transient nature and they will lead to less efficiency much greater inequalities in the long run . 
  and worth noting is that a big part of sweden are very unhappy with these changes . 
  another straw man , interesting !, 
  that 's not what i said , i said it was impossible to talk about racism with people like you , because you will never admit to that being the driving force behind your opinions on immigration and multiculturalism . 
  that 's exactly my point !, 
  it 's why it 's impossible to have a discussion about racism and immigration . 
  these people just do n't understand . 
  no , that 's not what i said . 
  that 's a real straw man argument . 
  i even gave you an opening for discussion when i said most , but you just had to say something stupid like that . 
  you 're not making the best case for you not being part of that group , you know . 
  the problem with that discussion is that most people who talk about it that way actually are racist without realizing it . 
  i agree , but let 's call it forced marriage instead . 
  what you 're talking about is the predominant opinion in the nordic countries , and it 's quite possible that it is the most common form of arranged marriages within the immigrant populations of our area . 
  that does n't mean , however , that arrange marriages are like that everywhere . 
  i 'm willing to bet that it is n't in a majority of the cases around the world . 
  i think a lot of people do n't understand that arranged marriages can be conscensual . 
  i mean , if your relatives find you a mate that suits you well , that sounds like a pretty good deal to me . 
  as long as it 's fine to not agree to marry , that is . 
  forcing someone into marriage against their will is the problem . 
  in some cases it 's a matter of racism , some cases not . 
  that was n't my point , my point was that the structure is stacked against immigrants . 
  also , our swedish classes for immigrants ( sfi ) is terrible in most places . 
  on top of all these problems , we have structural racism . 
  it 's harder for people with foreign sounding names to get apartments in decent places and a lot harder to get jobs . 
  this is a huge part of the integration problems . 
  that 's not something you usually find in nature , though .
