  what i 'm saying is that the heavy handed solutions to crime are n't working . 
  no , it 's not alright . 
  few people think it is . 
  coming to that conclusion based on one act of hate crime is ridiculous . 
  the american way is so successful , right ? 
  that 's a really strange statement . 
  we have hate crime laws and they are usually implemented when appropriate . 
  care to give me some background to that statement ? 
  i have no idea how you came to the conclusion that we ca n't be liberal if we help immigrants , but i ca n't disagree more . 
  except for a few things , it basically is the same country . 
  they have bars in both stockholm and gothenburg , and sell enormous amounts of beer at systembolaget . 
  we love our craft beers in sweden . 
  well , it 's the best way for us anyway . 
  usually halland , the gothenburg area and bohusl\u00e4n . 
  more often than not the gothenburg area specifically . 
  i usually write in both formats , as a courtesy . 
  been a nice summer in the west coast . 
  you just live in the wrong place ... 
  incredible . 
  you ca n't even let go of your own temperature units in the european subreddit , even though almost everyone here does n't understand it . 
  yes . 
  the police can decide to drop the investigation , though . 
  charge = \u00e5tala . 
  swede here . 
  according to our laws it does n't matter if she did n't want to press charges , if she tells the police about it they have to press charges . 
  so the question is , did n't she want to press charges because he did n't commit the crime or was it something else ? 
  post-christian secular would be more accurate . 
  white christians ? 
  white , sure . 
  we 've traditionally been fair skinned . 
  but christian ? 
  that 's actually fairly offensive . 
  i agree when it comes to ales . 
  but not all of them , some are better colder but not ice cold . 
  it all depends . 
  you 're still talking about lager , right ? 
  say what ? 
  that 's even more shocking !, 
  that really depends , if you go beyond lagers that is . 
  better refrigerated is n't the same as bad beer . 
  yes , metabolites gets flushed out with the urin . 
  it 's the same way that you do drug tests , by the way . 
  i do n't think they included data from stockholm in the study . 
  way to go alliansen , rather . 
  doing their best to secure votes this autumn !, 
  what ? 
  you are not making any sense . 
  the conservatives in charge are really trying their best not to get re-elected . 
  these people do not represent the opinions of the majority of our country . 
  you mean , there goes `` sweden '', 
  it would most certainly be worth losing denmark and gothenburg to see stockholm go . 
  that headline is pretty funny . 
  i think 100000 % would be more accurate . 
  that 's an interesting analysis . 
  unfortunately , it 's wrong . 
  i 'm pretty sure you know that and are just trying to troll me , so i 'll ignore that . 
  my point is that gothenburg is too small to matter to a significant degree both in a swedish and international perspective . 
  couple that with being the biggest harbour in the nordic region you have a insight on how the big things happen outside of sweden that i often feel that people in stockholm lack . 
  we always have to go elsewhere to get to a big city , and stockholm is not a very big city economically or culturally . 
  so we go abroad . 
  this is not something you usually hear from people from stockholm . 
  if you want an outsiders perspective on this , read the new york times article about gothenburg from a few years ago . 
  i 'd rather explain the rivalry as stockholm viewing itself as the center of the universe and gothenburg realizing that sweden is the countryside . 
  you probably need have a cultural context to understand it , and to get used to it . 
  sure helps if you 've been into garage , detroit techno or chicago house before . 
  daft punk have n't made any dubstep at all . 
  that 's house . 
  here 's a good history lesson on early dubstep : http://youtube.com/watch?v=f4j-s0ehw6g, 
  there is much more to dubstep than that bastardized stuff . 
  it began as a real chill , deep genre focused on sub bass . 
  i think the best stuff is in that camp . 
  it 's mostly died now , though . 
  and that happened because the noisier stuff got popular . 
  now if romania could just take better care of their romani population too , that 'd be great . 
  pretty much . 
  but it 's not focused on racism per se , it was started as a place for free expression for all , even extremists . 
  so they kind of made it their home . 
  i have a hard time believing that a majority of the population would vote for a secession if they knew what it would mean . 
  it 's just the good old nationalistic populistic bullshit all over again . 
  you guys tend to get caught up in that !, 
  surely the uk ca n't be taking leaving the eu seriously ? 
  i ca n't think of that discussion as anything else than satisfying popular opinion . 
  leaving the eu would be a very bad idea for the uk . 
  bad luck ? 
  good luck !, 
  that 's not comparable . 
  honestly , the swedish parliament is a joke . 
  well no , sweden is . 
  but it 's very polarized , most people here like the eu . 
  we 've just got quite a few crackpots . 
  yes we do , luckily . 
  our railway system has been neglected for so long , it 's not really working correctly anymore . 
  buses saves us from loads of transportation problems . 
  even sweden is regressing , imagine that !, 
  we learn it in school . 
  also , our languages are pretty similar . 
  good . 
  the socialist part was just for show . 
  so you 're a nazi . 
  fascinating .
