  what i 'm wondering is when the threat posed by demonstrating crowds takes on catastrophic proportions . 
  there 's bound to be a line somewhere . 
  what i 'm implying is that you 're oversimplyfying . 
  it 's a complicated issue and as i said , there probably are more variables . 
  with that said , you probably do have a point , but i do n't think it 's the main problem . 
  cynical or not in denial ? 
  or maybe there 's some other variable . 
  i mean , there are many other cultures who seem to not engage in antisocial behavior here . 
  do swedes have a tradition of persecuting romanis ? 
  the romani people are notoriously hard to integrate and on average often engage in antisocial behaviour compared to most cultures . 
  i do n't know why their culture is this way , but we need to recognize that it 's a problem and somehow find a way to deal with this . 
  neither the romani or the rest of us will gain anything from the current situation or the increasing polarization . 
  however , anyone claiming that it 's not a problem is just in denial . 
  that really depends on the definition of torture . 
  maximum security detention for months before the trial is considered torture by the un , and still we do it frequently . 
   sweden is n't going to `` torture '' assange . 
  i see you are n't familiar with how the process of custody works in sweden . 
  i suggest you do n't assume everything is fine and dandy in other western countries just because they look good otherwise . 
   chances of him being extradited to the us are zero . 
  excuse me , but that 's quite a bold thing to claim . 
  i believe it 's even the sort of thing that would warrant some kind of source to back it up . 
  i 'm not saying he 's going to be extradited , but i 'm not saying he 's not going to be either . 
  that information is n't public . 
  what the fuck is wrong with some people not knowing that the currency union is called emu and the currency euro ? 
  i 'm guessing they wo n't go , but it could go either way . 
  the interesting part about him is that he managed to convince the swedish population that he was n't getting any of the money . 
  he even lived really simply . 
  the truth got out eventually , and now he 's just seen as a greedy bastard here . 
  poorly . 
  we suck at teaching other people our language . 
  exactly !, 
  yes , switzerland needs american democracy . 
  more than anything else . 
  i would add the baltic states to northern europe . 
  swede here too . 
  was there recently , had the same experience . 
  and it was annoying both for us and the danes , the danes assumed we would understand and got irritated when we did n't , and we were simply annoyed by how we did n't understand anything . 
  frankly , i find german easier to understand . 
  it is practically german . 
  obligatory : yay sweden !, 
  not really . 
  it can be annoying if you sit beside a guy that does this without regard to you though , i will admit that . 
  but that 's because my personal space gets invaded needlessly , i do n't care if anyone does it otherwise . 
  i may actually do it myself when i sit alone . 
  now i know you guys really wish it was so , but the us is not a european country . 
  however , since that joke was amusing we 'll allow it . 
  i wish you could experience just how funny this is !, 
  finnish humor , really shows they know little about sweden . 
  there are so many good points to be made about us , this totally misses the mark . 
  no , they have their own special kind of weird as fuck . 
  really nice people , though !, 
  no , not really . 
  first of all , i 'm human . 
  i 'm so tired of her populist bullshit . 
  we tend to define people as swedish or not swedish . 
  that 's just a myth . 
  it 's marrying finns that 's the tricky part . 
  yes . 
  so we are basically germans ? 
  this has bugged me for so long now . 
  the eurozone is n't europe , it 's part of europe . 
  this will affect the only the eurozone directly , and the rest of europe indirectly . 
  no , we only do that on weekends . 
  i 'm from the world death metal capital . 
  you know nothing , feeble nothing-knower !, 
  i 'm actually as far from a metal head as i can get , but any fool can tell the difference between industrial rock and metal . 
  it 's not metal and as for them being real . . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  only nordic , yep . 
  actually , it 's usually a longer jump than that . 
  it 's the same every year . 
  me too , i really liked it . 
  you did n't understand my point . 
  it 's not a single consumers demand i 'm talking about , and there can be no demand without the ability to pay . 
  and i frankly do n't understand what 's wrong with buying a ferrari on credit if you can make the payments . 
  also , i would like to point out that macroeconomics and personal finance are very far from being the same thing . 
  i 'll be bold and claim that it says more about the japanese society than the swedish one . 
  i 'm pretty sure any extreme will leave us fucked . 
  i ca n't speak for other countries , but if you 're born here , know the language and grew up in our culture , there is no way you can not be swedish . 
  that sounds really austrian . 
  that 's not a very good argument . 
  she 's born in sweden , that is the very definition of swedish . 
  companies do n't generate wealth , consumer demand does . 
  if there are no jobs , there is no demand . 
  it 's a vicious circle . 
  racist too , apparently !, 
  right . 
  yeah , it 's filthy . 
  i think you 're underestimating aftonbladet . 
  nobody dares risking being accused of being soft on child porn , though . 
  this law needs to be re-written so bad , even people from the police think so . 
  it 's obvious that they 're just trying to do some kind of moral censorship . 
  i 'm not personally interested in this kind of comics , but i do n't see why it should be banned just because it depicts a crime . 
  actually , the headline is not all that wrong . 
  i 'm swedish , and this case is about how we should interpret the child pornography law . 
  some people want it to include comics that could possibly be thought of as child pornography , and that 's what the ruckus is all about . 
  you 're actually wrong here . 
  the id thing is n't true in sweden , you are likely to be turned down even if you look older than 18 and do n't have any kind of identification to show your age . 
  i think the rule that the guy who stands up while urinating cleans the toilet is a good solution . 
  people tend to quickly understand why sitting down is better ...
