  that 's social democracy for you . 
  do n't worry , sweden will win . 
  we 've got this bloke with laser shows . 
  it is fiction as it is satire , so a huge exaggeration . 
  it was more true 20 + years ago , but there really is something in the national soul of sweden in this matter . 
  we do fear russia attacking us , and i do n't think it 's without reason . 
  he did n't say that our refugee policy is n't sustainable , he said that we need peace on this planet to avoid refugee situations like these . 
  europe can and will handle this situation , even if it 's the worst one since the ww2 . 
  we really do need geopolitical change , and that was his point . 
  that 's a pretty good summary of the internal propaganda in sweden in this matter . 
  or maybe , just maybe , i 've studied racism in europe . 
  you 're delusional . 
  i think you 're overreacting , to be honest . 
  but that 's not a cost , that 's a temporary loan . 
  you do n't actually pay that money now . 
  blackmail ? 
  it 's more like take your responsibility . 
  you look like a 5 year old who cries murder over having to eat the vegetables . 
  trust me , it 's nowhere near as bad as you think . 
  that money is invested and then later returned with interest when they become tax payers . 
  granted , not everyone will be as successful but it most definitely is n't a cost in the long term overall . 
  not to talk about how productive their kids are . 
  the statistics are clear , viewing an investment as a cost is stupid , especially considering that most of europe is going to need to import labour in a couple of decades . 
  it 's not ours , it 's the fugitives . 
  it 's not uncontrolled . 
  i think you guys underestimate the sensitivity of this issue . 
  it 's about time . 
  enough with this bullshit , the immigrants are n't `` expensive '' . 
  the politicians are just catering to their conservative voterbase . 
  but i do find the comments here worrying . 
  no , it wo n't . 
  these kinds of sanctions are not that uncommon . 
  just racists downvoting , it 's common here . 
  there are several far right groups targeting this subreddit . 
  well , you exactly proved that you are a racist . 
  that has exactly nothing to do with how we handled the people who already were there , and a lot of them managed to have kids too . 
  so no . 
  impressively , you managed to even better prove my point !, 
  how come we managed to integrate the roma in sweden ? 
  i 'm not talking about the recent beggars . 
  you sure know how to illustrate my point !, 
  no , that was a disgraceful period in our history . 
  but we stopped doing it . 
  you guys need to catch up . 
  considering how you guys treat your roma population i can fully understand why they skip romania . 
  that 's the kind of stuff i like to hear !, 
  it was my impression when i visited , i will admit i did n't count . 
  it would really make a difference . 
  sure , it would be expensive . 
  but budapest is a really beautiful city , and it 's a shame that everyone lets the buildings stay so dirty . 
  do n't get fooled by this picture , most buildings in budapest look like the before-picture . 
  maybe you 've got an incomplete picture based in biased sources . 
  you should consider the possibility , at least . 
  fat food , nope . 
  sugar , yes . 
  i 'm not the only one , there are many articles about this in the swedish press . 
  since the participants registered for the poll themselves there is no way it can be accurate , and that also explains the huge discrepancy between this poll and 100 % randomized ones . 
  no it 's not , this survey places sd at 25 % when all other institutes places them at 15 % . 
  i 'm not sure exactly what their methodology is but it certainly does n't seem likely that sd surged from 15 % to 25 % in just a few weeks . 
  they did , actually . 
  it 's official . 
  no , absolutely not . 
  they did brigade it , the participants signed up for the poll themselves . 
  it 's a very unreliable method when you involve sd supporters , who have a very effective brigadeering organization . 
  that 's what i meant by what a shame . 
  yeah , the one tut is kind of a `` wtf '' . 
  i believe it 's more of a `` what a shame '' here , and it 's not very common . 
  but it exists , yes . 
  seems like you can find a house there for slightly less than $ 300k , but it will be smaller than 100m2 . 
  that 's not a house though . 
  that 's fascinating !, 
  i bet it would be very popular among rednecks here . 
  submarines are n't that easy to find , though . 
  it 's the whole point of having them . 
  you can always buy a house , but at what cost is the question . 
  so more because it 's expensive . 
  you ca n't buy a house in gothenburg , but a average one ~ 30 by car from the city . 
  not close to the sea or a lake , though . 
  yeah , it 's a bit of a hassle to make . 
  here it 's more like , they are mentally ill . 
  unless there 's a specific reason , like asking for directions or some relevant shared experience . 
  honestly , i 'm not sure . 
  why do n't you find out ? 
  most people who come from countries in war are going to have mental issues . 
  ptsd is probably the most common one . 
  what we could do , instead , is try to treat these people before they become a problem for society . 
  also , i 'm not sure background checks are feasible . 
  yes . 
  anti-social is one part of the psychopath diagnosis , the other is narcissism . 
  no , asocial the a in asocial means not . 
  compare it to atypical , for instance . 
  anti-social , however , [ means something else entirely ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-social_behaviour ) . 
  the hospitality in hungary . 
  you find some of it here , but it 's not the same . 
  around christmas , right ? 
  we call them adventsljustakar . 
  it 's not often we agree , but when we do it 's without hesitation . 
  you 're probably thinking of asocial , anti-social means something else . 
  thanks for the support . 
  i 'm not sure why i decided to go for this here , it may have been a bad choice .
