  shitty song , though . 
  these guys are like the linkin park of europe . 
  i 'm from sweden and i completely agree with this comment . 
  while the pig is a subspecies to the boar group , it is a distinct species with distinct features . 
  wild boar tastes differently mainly because it 's a different animal . 
  more gamey taste , plus it has a different diet . 
  it 's not tasty because it 's lean , it 's tasty despite being lean . 
  fat content is very important in beef , higher will mean a better taste . 
  especially marbled beef is highly sought after , and that 's one of the main characteristics of [ kobe beef ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kobe_beef ) . 
  you may have heard of it . 
  i do n't know how you came to hate fat the way you do , but it 's actually one of the most healthy things a human can eat . 
  especially the fat from animals . 
  i love it . 
  and it keeps me lean !, 
   has less fat . 
  you say it like it 's a good thing . 
  so we 've got the third largest national subreddit in europe ? 
  intresting . 
  you mean tea , right ? 
  well , coffee is n't for everyone . 
  there 's no harm in not drinking it , especially if caffeine in that high doses does n't rub you the right way . 
  finns do that too , do n't know what they call it though . 
  darker roasts have less caffeine , [ but the difference is n't huge ] ( http://ir.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/16bas6/til_coffee_loses_caffeine_as_it_roasted_so_a_dark/c7uh7jd ) . 
  we sure love our coffee in the nordic countries . 
  there might be some difference from how they are roasted and made , but i do n't think it 's significant . 
  i think you 're right . 
  really ? 
  it 's one of the most violent cities in europe . 
  i do n't know where you concluded that i am a europhile . 
  i am neither that nor a eurosceptic . 
  i just realize that the implications of the eu not being around are far worse than it being around . 
  does it need improvement ? 
  yes . 
  but less eu is n't going to solve anything . 
  and from my point of view you appear dogmatic . 
  see the problem ? 
  there might be good reasons , but the problem is that there are much better reasons for staying . 
  that 's not how i interpret it at all . 
  i think it may be a cultural thing , like with the french . 
  there 's nothing wrong with it , just a different mindset . 
  i completely agree , this is the one thing that really needs to change . 
  or maybe they could elect politicians that are n't populist morons . 
   i am against europe , so no . 
  europe is a continent , there 's not much you can do about that . 
  also , it 's possible to change how the eu works . 
  that 's why we have the parliament . 
  the people of europe have n't ever had as much power as we do now . 
  if you do n't like how it 's being run , do something about it . 
  consider the consequences of the uk leaving the eu for a while , both for the uk and the eu . 
  the comment is much less outrageous than you might think . 
   edit : also , the antipathy from the rest of europe towards britain ( heartily on display in this thread ) does n't help matters . 
  it 's not towards brits but towards how your leaders are acting and have been acting in the past . 
  i seldom hear bad things about you guys and i 'm pretty sure most europeans feel that way . 
   any mention of empire would be very unlikely of course not , but what the original commenter said was an unhealthy pride over the uk that 's left from colonial days . 
  not anything about the empire . 
  on the other hand , that too big and too infuential part can be used for really good things too . . 
  it 's a double edged sword . 
  it was n't really a big deal here , no . 
  what really hit us was the crisis in 2008 . 
  it has been mostly young people who have gone to norway for work , and that 's because of current labor policies giving young people a disadvantage more than sweden having a tough time . 
  people aged roughly 35 and up are not unemployed in the same rates . 
  we still have n't been hit by any austerity , and we do n't need anything like it since we still have control over our own currency . 
  besides , sweden tends to use stimulus rather than austerity . 
  why would that happen ? 
  what is the mechanism behind that ? 
  and why worse ? 
  explain yourself !, 
  one thing to remember about sweden is that we have n't been hit in any substantial way by the euro crisis until a month or two back . 
  we still have employment rates far above most countries in europe . 
  most of those people are born here . 
  throw them out where ? 
  oh i know . 
  luckily starbucks has n't really caught on in sweden . 
  they were a bit late to the game . 
  you 'd have to live here to understand , a lot of it is a matter of how our culture works . 
  it 's complicated !, 
  i will have to admit that there is some truth to what you 're saying , but it 's not the complete truth . 
  i do n't think you realize what kind of impact american popular culture has on the world . 
  racism , mostly . 
  the pics were n't explicit , it was mostly their profile pics from facebook . 
  the comments were horrible bullying though . 
  the pictures themselves were n't explicit though , but the comments describing why these girl were supposedly sluts were almost exclusively wrong and can be considered bullying . 
  that 's what the fuss was about . 
  ice in vodka is great , though . 
  and the simple reason is , not enough oil . 
  read the whole paper . 
  that 's not even research !, 
   to begin with , it 's overly prescribed in the us for whatever reason no , it 's not : http://jad.sagepub.com/content/11/2/106.short, 
  it 's because of the restricted drug policies that the us pushed on us in the '70s . 
  yeah , what did he mean ? 
  we do n't usually get the dextroamphetamine-based drugs ( like adderall ) in europe , and the methylphenidate-based ones ( like ritalin ) are n't really that good for the purpose . . 
  so no . 
   add is over-diagnosed that 's funny , all the research into that matter suggests that it is n't . 
  maybe you have access to information that researchers do n't ? 
  so basically ghettos ? 
  because that worked out so well last time . 
  it 's funny with europe , we seem to forget the effects of fascism so quickly . 
  but the cost of living is very high too . 
  the norwegian state is rich . 
  norwegians generally are n't , but some are of course .
