  supporting femen is not a very good way to stand up for womens rights in foreign countries . 
  why would any state secretary do that ? 
   i feel like this ridiculous sjw/full lunatic feminism is almost exclusive to the us & uk and barely exists in continental europe , or anywhere else for that matter , if at all . 
  they are very common in sweden too , and the general opinion of them is far more positive than in any other country . 
  she absolutely is a feminist , it 's a big part of her political profile . 
  anti-feminist and politician in sweden is very much like atheist and politician in the us . 
  especially among the more left-leaning parties . 
  you mean stormaktstiden , right ? 
  which means , literally , the super power age . 
  the government ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  do you know why ? 
  it is , indeed , a complicated situation to be in . 
  that was probably the most nordic comment i 've ever read on reddit . 
  why would you do such a thing ? 
  you broke the code !, 
  have they stopped the mandatory swedish yet or is it being discussed at all ? 
  let 's be honest here , neither your teachers nor you were interested in teaching / learning swedish . 
  and i do n't blame you , it 's not a relevant language if you 're not a swede . 
  while the swedish ( and norwegian ) u is unique , that explanation of the sound is not even close . 
  while it is amusing , it is actually also true . 
  the act of sex is also called sex in swedish , so it 's even more amusing to us . 
  stockholm is the worst place to visit if you want to go here . 
  and there 's lots of good information around on the net about our country , i do n't think i would make a good ambassador . 
  in sweden too , which makes me suspect it would be the same in denmark too . 
  we are not all that different . 
  now i do n't know shit about the laws in denmark , but would n't this be a wrongful termination ? 
  i thought that was france and the uk . 
  you mean the candy fish ? 
  yeah i think so . 
  they 're not a huge deal here , we 've got so many kinds of candy and they 're just one of them . 
  you see , we buy candy in bulk . 
  [ here 's a good example of what it looks like ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynpqlx12r2m ) . 
  yes they do !, 
  oddly enough i 'm swedish , but they are popular here too . 
  yes !, 
  try them if you get the chance . 
  [ banana skids ] ( https://fulanodetal.files.wordpress.com/2008/06/img_5290.jpg ) , for sure . 
  that chewy banana/toffee goodnees !, 
  right , i wrote that before that was official . 
  denmark has an effective strategy , i 'm not familiar with the specifics . 
  this is getting out of hand . 
  if strategies like this are used innocent people are bound to get shot too . 
  it may even be the case this time , it seems too early to tell . 
  i wish that the authorities would start taking this seriously now . 
  it 's not just a matter of trying to control the people who already are a part of this world , it 's also a matter of stopping their recruitment base . 
  there are several tactics used in other countries that are effective , but for some reason the police and social services in gothenburg seem to think that it 's fine for them to ignore that . 
  i do n't think it is . 
  how much will this have to escalate before will start changing their minds ? 
  it 's gang related , and eastern european gangs do not rule in this part of the city . 
  so you 're wrong !, 
  very good summary of likely reactions . 
  as an autonomous region , it would be included in denmark in this sense . 
  just as the faroe islands are , and \u00c5land to finland . 
  i think the picture was taken at iceland airmeet , actually . 
  just wanted to point out that although dark blond hair is the most common here , there are many dark haired people too . 
  it 's not uncommon among ethnically swedish people , even . 
  we 've got many kinds of heritages from all over , and one particularly common is walloon from belgium . 
  if you ever meet a swede with dark eyebrows , it 's very likely to be the cause . 
  some people with this ancesty will also have brown or dark hair . 
  commonly in combination with blue eyes , interestingly enough . 
  and that 's just the older heritages , there are many other more recent too . 
  interestingly enough , blond people ca n't get enough of kebab . 
  well , one country is missing for sure since there are 5 nordic countries . 
  estonia is not one of them , however . 
  not yet , but what 's saying the wo n't in the future ? 
  you do realize that a swedish citizenship means they are free to move to any other eu country , right ? 
  not a whole lot of difference in finland and sweden . 
  no , they seem to favour putin . 
  it 's quite unsettling . 
  well , the european left is not fond of him . 
  it 's not a secret . 
  i 'm not . 
  we have a huge problem with fascist idiots here too . 
  most definitely . 
  that might be a good idea , and it might not . 
  a lot of these people become hardened in jail and more contacts , unfortunately . 
  i guess we need to try to know for sure . 
  gun laws do n't help when it comes to illegal guns , unfortunately . 
  most guns used by criminals are illegal . 
  i 'd say the swedish police is at a crossroad . 
  are they going to let go of the traditional overly authoritarian organization and develop into a modern police force ( like has happened in many other european countries ) or are they going back to the old ways ? 
  this half way position is obviously worse than both of the other directions . 
  they should talk to the gothenburg police because they are probably the most clueless about this problem . 
  he 's comparable to dick cheney in the us , i 'd say . 
  i 'm afraid the solution is n't going to come soon , and it 's probably going to get worse before it gets better . 
  i believe it 's a structural problem , and the way we deal with people who are less well off needs to change for things to improve . 
  and i do n't think we can easily reform the people who already have joined gangs etc. 
  true . 
  it 's still the same here like in malm\u00f6 though , it 's not something that is harmful for the general public . 
  we need to solve the problem , absolutely , but it 's not something that you need to be scared about . 
  oh yes they do , hells angels and bandidos had insane gang wars in the 90s . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_nordic_biker_war poor people are always much more likely to get into gangs in every country in the world . 
  no matter what ethnicity . 
  he 's also has pretty hardline right wing opinions , so he 's extremely biased . 
  malm\u00f6 is childs play compared to gothenburg . 
  really , the gang violence and segregation is so much worse here . 
  criminals trying to kill rival criminals , as usual . 
  like the guy in the apartment in the video said , it is extremely rare for this stuff to actually harm anyone outside of the criminal world . 
  the only instance i can think of is two people who were shot at that restaurant in biskopsg\u00e5rden in g\u00f6teborg , where one of them died .
