  hug for friends , yep . 
  male and female . 
  if it 's the first time you meet someone , shake their hands . 
  male and female . 
  it 's pretty simple . 
  what 's tricky is , when are you on a hug-basis with someone ? 
  it 's not that bad . 
  some kids setting cars ablaze in the night , mostly . 
  what was more troublesome was the fact that they threw rocks at firefighters and the police . 
  they 've done that in other cities too before this one , though . 
  noone has been hurt except for a few bruises and there was no danger to the general public . 
  there is really nothing that suggests that the riots in stockholm are linked to islam or being performed by muslims exclusively . 
  most people here seem to agree that it 's more a matter of segregation than religion . 
  the immigrants here are from a wide variety of backgrounds , and even if some are muslims they are from different regions which usually means they do n't really get along very well . 
  anyone claiming that the riots can be boiled down to such a simple question obviously need to spend a lot more time in the suburbs . 
  i 'm not sure where you 've been told all that , but it 's certainly not true . 
  the welfare here is not a lot of money and you most certainly do n't get any paid car , house , hobby or vacation . 
  and no cool gadgets either . 
  it 's satirical , you know . 
   we regular europeans will be doomed in islamic struggle you need to get professional help , that kind of delusion could end up in a very bad place . 
  it 's about time . 
  i agree with this , the landscape is n't what you 'd expect to see here either . 
  it 's rather convenient to just choose countries that are known to be extreme , is n't it ? 
  i 'm sorry to rain on your parade , but the overwhelming majority of muslims are also very relaxed . 
  the swedish data is also incorrect , i think it 's safe to assume that it 's outdated . 
  our country is not very densely populated , especially the northern half . 
  how is that ridiculous ? 
  i did n't know that !, 
  as a swede , your keymap confused me the most . 
  from page 217 :  with a starting `` definition '' of the kind just mentioned and by means of a set of criteria developed from it ,15 in - volving both `` attitudinal '' and `` behavioral '' aspects , we concluded in a study , using both survey questionnaires and counts of visitors to local mosques and prayer-halls in the early 1990s ( sander 1993 ) that 40-50 % of the ethnic muslims in sweden could reasonably be considered to be religious . 
  and a bit further down on the same page , right after your first quote :  from discussions and interviews with muslim leaders , among others , it does not seem that the percentage they consider to be religious muslims in a more qualified sense exceeds fifteen percent , or perhaps even less . 
  did you even read after you found a quote that supported your view ? 
  yes , about 50 % of all immigrants that come here are religious , and after one generation that plummets to 15 % . 
  i have serious doubts that this is n't true in the netherlands , to be honest . 
  here 's the source : http://gup.ub.gu.se/publication/34117-state-policies-towards-muslim-minorities-sweden-great-britain-germany ( if you google the title you 'll find the pdf ), 
  there exceptions , of course , but that 's the general trend . 
  second generation immigrants from muslim countries are much less likely to be religious than their parents . 
  it 's working . 
  does n't really explain sweden . 
  gothenburg , sweden . 
  +5 c and sunny , been like this for days . 
  no snow or ice left on the streets . 
  spring is here !, 
  you still have more days with sun than us . 
  so countries who currently do n't have euro as it 's currency wo n't be able to be members of the eu later on ? 
  this must have been one of the most ignorant articles i 've read in quite some time . 
  you vote right-leaning , right ? 
   so , are you saying the rent in sweden is totally free and unregulated ? 
  i 'd like for you to provide links for that , because i have not heard about it , and i think it would be front page news . 
  no , it 's not unregulated . 
  but it 's pretty obvious . 
  i 'll give you an example : http://www.boplats.se/hss/object/object_details.aspx?objectguid=32e43112-97ff-4768-b11b-e400b39ea447 compared to http://www.boplats.se/hss/object/object_details.aspx?objectguid=93082c8a-72bc-4df9-9f64-3dafd963ffdc the last one is 2m2 smaller , but does that really justify a 3160kr price reduction ? 
  and problems like these are going to get much worse if we get market regulated rents . 
  i 'm not from stockholm so i ca n't comment on the situation there , but they 're building new apartments for rent in gothenburg all the time . 
  they make sure the standards are high and that they are situated in nice neighborhoods so that they can charge a sizable rent . 
  i 'm not so sure about your argument . 
  also , you do n't pay the same rent here , it costs significantly more to rent in highly attractive areas compared to the suburbs . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  it 's going to mean a bad time for a huge amout of people living in bigger cities . 
   here is talk of unregulating the heavily state controlled rent market some right-wing politicians are trying to win easy points with some voters by bringing this up again and again . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  just going to be way too controversial . 
  yes , seriously . 
  i 'd love to have as few days with rain here as most of the uk has !, 
  that 's not my experience . 
  a good move , much needed !, 
  because it 's become bloated and slow . 
  and honestly , most people do n't really care about open source and not getting spied on . 
  coffee made in those just tastes better . 
  the french kind if popular , yes . 
  we also have our own variant of it , it 's called leverpastej . 
  especially popular among kids . 
  we put it on bread with sliced pickled cucumbers . 
  the problem is safety . 
  some horse medications are toxic to humans , and there has been confirmation for finding one of them in parts of these shipments . 
  selling meat from horses who have received these medications is illegal , but since there has n't been any control it slipped through . 
  people could potentially get very ill and even die from eating this food , especially for a prolonged period of time . 
  you ca n't really test all the food , so it actually makes more sense , from a safety point of view , to throw it all away . 
  nope , just 420 % [ awesome ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/circlejerk/ ) !, 
  tipping is included in the price here , so that 's not something people generally do . 
  if something was exceptionally good tipping is a nice gesture , but we tend to save it for those occasions . 
  i 'm not sure why americans think we hate them . 
  sure , we may not be huge fans of american politicians and some aspects of american culture , but many europeans probably feel the same about several eu countries . 
  in my experience , americans tend to be nice people . 
  if you had any idea what the righties are doing here you would n't be so quick to say that . 
  i really do n't trust the right , to be honest . 
  i ca n't say if they 're corrupt or just stupid , but either way they 're destroying sweden . 
  i may be a bit sensitive about my home town , i will admit that . 
  do you seriously believe that there is more corruption in g\u00f6teborg ? 
  it was exposed here , and that might happen to stockholm too , asshole . 
  if it 's of any consolation , i do n't really share my danish brother 's view when it comes to our politicians . 
  skatt means tax in this context , and verk means government agency . 
  one conclusion that could be made from this is that we are quick to embrace new technology . 
  that may be why bittorrent got so popular here in the first place , and also that most streaming companies focus on our region first . 
  netflix and hbo nordic are two more examples of this , and as far as i know they are doing quite well . 
  those chargers were for hacking the servers of a company that was hired by skatteverket ( the swedish tax collection agency ) , not for piracy . 
  you 're saying you do n't know that ? 
  i 'm having a really hard time believing that . 
  i ca n't believe what i 'm hearing , that 's bizarre . 
  although it 's easier for me to understand , but it clearly sounds like dutch .
