  as long as you let the person know you 're late and have a legitimate reason , absolutely . 
  if it happens once in a while . 
  if you do n't and it happens often , that will affect your friendship negatively . 
  fashionably late to parties is as unacceptable as late to business meetings here . 
  we 're just too polite to tell you how rude you 're being . 
  yes . 
  if it happens now and again , we let it slide . 
  if it happens often or every time , we find it rude . 
  people can absolutely stop getting invitations etc. 
  if the tardiness can be predicted it can sometimes be acceptable , just arrange to meet that amount of time before you really intended to meet . 
  but only people we care about get this special treatment . 
  we are literally hitler . 
  do n't ever do this to a swede . 
  seriously !, 
  might i ask why ? 
  i agree , very descriptive and lacks that vulgar quality that many similar words seems to have . 
  if there 's anything that needs less stigma it 's female masturbation . 
  that 's simple to explain . 
  there is a specific word for male masturbation but not any for female masturbation . 
  so it 's not that all words for masturbation are male-oriented , it 's just that our language lacks a good female-counterpart to the male one . 
  it just makes our language more precise . 
  actress is not needed because the word for actor can be considered neutral . 
  this is correct . 
  and the not so subtle jab from a certain french user at our interest in equality comes across as fairly ignorant to me . 
  it 's almost like a joke . 
  whenever you arrange to meet someone at 10:00 you meet at 09:55 in reality . 
  but being exactly on time is not impolite , of course . 
  more than a few minutes late without prior notice , however ... 
  i was n't implying some kind of conspiracy theory at all , just giving a factual explanation of why we did n't really see a relevant gdp increase from the loans . 
  you 're probably reading a bit too much into my comment . 
  except only about 11 % of that money actually went into circulation . 
  most of it was used to bail out banks etc. 
  fair enough . 
  the polish are definitely the mexicans of northern europe . 
  oh you 're just jealous it is n't french . 
  and yes , sweden is far more responsible for the singing in english trend than any country . 
   iirc they were in an open war against the bandidos / mongols in germany in the early 2000s . 
  which ultimately led to the banning of many chapters in germany . 
  the latest ban was ( again iirc ) in 2009 , which took out some chapters in northrhine westfalia . 
  right , but we 're talking about hells angels in sweden here . 
  but you 're right , they are very relevant . 
  just not as interested in costly turf wars anymore . 
  sweden especially , since they need to legitimate the alcohol sale monopoly and the high alcohol taxes . 
  a lot of countries in europe binge drink too . 
  why is this mindblowing ? 
  violence between gang members is normal to us , bombs happen but seldom injure someone . 
  neither is usually a threat to the general population . 
  and so we 're not really that concerned . 
  i do n't think they 've been in any gang war since the big one in the '90s . 
  they are still around and very active , though . 
  it 's the truth !, 
   an excessive alcohol culture erhm , no . 
  sweden is an average alcohol per capita consumer . 
  i know , it 's weird . 
  we 've been lied to . 
  german karl marks . 
  i like it . 
  it 's absolutely clear that the british islands are a part of europe , though . 
  it 's still kebab , though , so it still nails all those !, 
  protip : you 're not forced to watch it . 
  your countrymen can absolutely deny that you 're a part of europe . 
  somehow geography is subjective , it 's quite fascinating . 
  of course they should !, 
  at least as long as israel is a part of it . 
  and it has been for ages . 
   many russians would probably disagree . 
  how about this . 
  the other side of the russian border is a source of instability and a long term problem . 
  interestingly enough , the natural brotherhood i 've seen for hungarians seems to be with norwegians . 
  it 's quite peculiar . 
  sweden !, 
  not every place , of course , but when it 's good here . . 
  it 's really good . 
  quite different from d\u00f6ner , though . 
  i love them both , but not at the same time . 
  just a reminder : you 're not a member of the eu . 
  that 's what exclusive distribution rights means . 
  norway , please . 
  well , we seem to like that bashing in a similar way too . 
  yeah well , it 's most of europe vs russia right now . 
  for good reason . 
  songs are music too , you know . 
  i 'm talking about good within the context . 
  m\u00e5ns song was obviously that , loreen also performed such a song ( and she won too ) . 
  i know you guys have the talent , so why are n't you doing it ? 
  or maybe when you actually bring a good song performed well . 
  i think it 's ridiculous that you actually think it 's political . 
  your country is seen in a quite positive light in most countries in europe . 
  if you want to talk about political votes , check out how at least half of europe gave russia way lower points than they deserved . 
  i do n't see that sentiment against the uk in europe at all , to be honest . 
  you just tend to bring bad songs . 
  if our contribution would have been sung by an equally talented performer from the uk it would have won . 
  to be honest , i believe that your country is one of the most well liked in europe . 
  just like ours . 
  very good point !, 
  interesting !, 
  not quite sure how that matters . 
  you 've won five times . 
  i do n't see why it could n't happen again . 
  for reference , this win was our sixth .
