  so you 're saying sd is not extreme enough ? 
  so you 're voting sd next election ? 
  i 'd take left wing extremists over right win politicts any day . 
  a whole lot easier . 
  why would that happen ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  still we wo n't do anything to correct racial discrimination in the labour market . 
  we have quite a sizeable african population , though . 
  reality has a pro-palestinian bias . 
  honestly , who cares ? 
  yes , we got an unusually long one this time with just a few days of vacation time needed . 
  that 's not what it 's about . 
  simply put , we do n't want to intrude . 
  this creates a whole plethora of complicated situations . 
  say hi in the night club but not when sover in the street ? 
  is it acceptable ? 
  the truth is , we lack social standards for this and it makes us anxious . 
  this does n't contradict what i said . 
  people of swedish ethnicity living in these areas are also overrepresented in crime statistics . 
  i would n't mind that either . 
  right , because christianity has caused no harm in this country . 
  i never said i supported the act , but if it happened it would n't be a huge deal for me . 
  or not a fan of christianity . 
  technically not a nazi party , no , but many members have opinions of that kind or closely resembling . 
  most of them have been nazis , and the party was in fact a neonazi one when it started . 
  article ? 
  it 's just an image . 
  strange laws ? 
  completely legal prostitution increases trafficking . 
  germany is a perfect example of this . 
  why would we really against the stockholm bomber ? 
  it 's not like a violent islamic party has the support of 10 % of the voters . 
  you really need to understand that the nazis getting this ballsy is the result of sverigedemokraterna getting as popular as they are . 
  it 's a very serious situation , considering what has happened before in europe . 
  a massive problem with immigrants commiting crime ? 
  not sure where this information is coming from , but that 's not what the statistics says . 
  our country has been exceptionally bad at integrating immigrants , leading to the worst segregation in europe and obviously the social problems that follows . 
  people living in bad neighborhoods tend to get into bad situations . 
  who knew ? 
  with that said , almost all immigrants become productive members of our society . 
  immigrants provide more money in the form of productivity than they cost in the form of welfare . 
  why would the chuches get burned down ? 
  and why would it be bad ? 
  it 's not like swedes generally are christian , let alone religious . 
  all swedish articles i 've read mentioned that . 
  germany is far more popular than denmark in southern sweden . 
  no , it 's about racists being bitchy about not being able to be hateful . 
  i get it . 
  really ? 
  that 's a great argumentative technique . 
  now let me remind you that many countries have had hate speech laws for a very long time without becoming dictatorships . 
  i do n't understand your reasoning . 
  this is propaganda from a right wing extremist site . 
  there 's nothing to indicate that that would happen , though . 
  you are commiting a pretty large fallacy here , you ca n't extrapolate current laws into some kind of fantasy scenario and assume that it makes the current laws bad . 
  no , you can think what you want . 
  even expressing it in private is fine . 
  doing it in public , however , is not . 
  and it 's nazis who actually made us need this kind of law , ironically . 
  well , i do know that you sympathise with sd . 
  so i guess that can be considered registration . 
  and for the record , the likes of me is the majority of this country . 
  you are the ones who do n't fit in here and should leave . 
  listen , you 're not going to convince me and you 're going to see more of this . 
  i suspect you are debating this way because you 're starting to get nervous . 
  or are you maybe on that list ? 
  no , that 's not the crime . 
  the comments are in fact the crime , namely hatespeech . 
  have you even read what the comments are ? 
  they 're fairly hateful , not exactly political discussion . 
  and even suggesting that this is about trying to silence a political opinion is very tasteless . 
  it 's almost like you 're trying to focus the discussion on something else , you know ? 
  private citizens who commit crimes , yes . 
  who obviously do n't understand what democracy is . 
  i think that behaving the way they do should come with a consequence and it 's about time someone did something about it . 
  i think this is a really good initiative and i hope more people of this kind get this kind of treatment . 
  and i believe a majority of our country feels this way . 
  the real parasites in our country are racists like these . 
  that 's a very optimistic calculation , and you 're still missing 1/3 . 
  no , that kid of salary is not realistic for a 28 year old marketer in sweden . 
  three countries in total , just like sweden . 
  we 're the germany of the nordic countries . 
  that 's what happens when you 're bigger and more successful ( and used to be a bully ) . 
  so they 're saying that we 've got fra to promote national security . 
  but now i wonder if the agency itself is n't more of a threat to national security . 
  more like the one who fucks us in the ass and we say thank you for it . 
  kickers in sweden . 
  although the seem to prefer amphetamine and ghb over alcohol here . 
  we 've recently had an influx of very poor people from romania , bulgaria and even spain to sweden . 
  they had to resort to begging , it was quite unfortunate . 
  this winter is going to be hard for them . 
  so it 's not without problems , that 's for sure . 
  it 's almost like it has competed there ... 
  i think you should visit our restaurants , you 'd be surprised . 
  junk food and fine dining are two very separate things . 
  this is highly fascinating , i 've never talked to someone who did n't like it . 
  everyone from abroad i 've met have been extatic . 
  they have different uses . 
  that 's just one of the many variations possible . 
  although , i must admit it 's quite popular .
