because the number of people speaking swedish is quite a lot higher than the people speaking finnish swedish . 
  it 's like a small and quite weird dialect . 
  american english and british english are both very big in tems of native speakers . 
  finnish swedish is a weird deviation , basically . 
  that does sound better , right . 
  they do , but it 's called american english . 
  based on the same idea of why i called it finland swedish . 
  pronounciation may not have diverged as much , but the use of words and even in some instances grammar is more different . 
  well , swedish speaker is a bit of an exaggeration . 
  finland swedish speaker i would say . 
  the two diverged about 60 years ago , and there are actually pretty significant differences now . 
  i 'm not saying it is , but ethnic cleansing is way off the charts when it comes to not okay . 
  it is not in any way a proportional response . 
  still nowhere close . 
  is n't it interesting that they are defending israel these days ? 
  just as much blood ? 
  are you aware of how many more palistinians israel has killed than vice versa ? 
  more specifically , israel . 
  i ca n't believe how gullible my countrymen can be sometimes . 
  the papers themselves are of course in english . 
  no , recent research points to 10-12g . 
  another well meaning health initiative gone wrong . 
  always make sure what you 're trying to fix really is a problem . 
  with salt , never research does not support the idea that salt consumption needs to be reduced . 
  now , not adulterating meat with unnecessary additives is a good idea , but the claims of this being a good health initiative is just simply wrong . 
  well , it almost happened several times, 
  hungarian actually shares a lot of sounds with swedish , or at least very close . 
  not a huge thing for you guys to learn how to pronounce things . 
  it 's pretty cool . 
  i 'm guessing the opposite might also be true . 
  swedish too . 
  also , january and february if winter is your thing , make sure you visit northern sweden . 
  but would n't you say that isis at the least was indirectly created by the u.s. , as a response to the way the middle east has been handled ? 
  they are old peoples names , a way to try to capture that old time authenticity . 
  no , we tend to not adapt foreign names that we adopt to our language . 
  that 's the kind of name i 'm talking about . 
  too much unique snowflake . 
  it 's clearly middle class hipster people wanting to name their kind `` something special '' . 
  not really loving the baby naming trend in sweden right now . 
  i was n't aware of them until after i had watched it . 
  understood about 40 % or so of the danish lines . 
  it 's vodka , how bad can it get ? 
  i really liked the traditional stuff . 
  not sure what you mean by holy hell in this context to be honest . 
  your syntax is most curious . 
  so 1950s `` swedish '' . 
  i have n't heard of it before . 
  it 's still pretty cheap for us , you know . 
  even liseberg is better than tivoli . 
  norway and denmark . 
  not a huge surprise there . 
  except western sweden would belong to denmark , a people we have very little in common with . 
  i say we belong with the norwegians more . 
  but goulash is really tasty . . ? 
  caveman in this instance is a reference to being old fashioned . 
  being conservative is focusing on making this stay the way they were . 
  i ca n't tell how it does n't fit with this issue . 
  if being progressive and liberal is being a caveman , i 'll gladly be one . 
  the real news here is that it has been prohibited until now . 
  in this sense , italians are cavemen . 
  the shit is going to hit the fan , sooner or later . 
  we 're lucky to be renting an apartment instead of owning one , but a lot of people i know wo n't be as lucky when it happens . 
  depends of the size of the hospital . 
  bigger ones , most definitely . 
  the kind pictured , maybe . 
  exchange the mashed potatoes with boiled potatoes and we 're getting somewhere . 
  the bbc should know that an \u00e5 is not the same thing as an a. 
  it 's not just an umlaut , is a different letter with a different sound . 
  i think it 's even more impressive in person . 
  you guys have got a lot of cool buildings in budapest !, 
  it 's such a kickass way to get around !, 
  i ca n't speak for other countries , but this analysis is spot on for sweden . 
  most of europe feels pretty threatened by russia going all hostile and unpredictable . 
  there is state fiber i many countries , though . 
  bandwidth is not infrastructure , but the wires are . 
  no , that 's not what i said . 
  i think it 's fairly obvious that putin gave the rebels that rocket , and the cartoons depict how the world seems to be tiptoeing around the issue , and how putins official propaganda denies it . 
  if you ca n't have laugh about that absurdity i think it 's a sign of something being seriously wrong with you . 
  russia is n't putin . 
  if you take criticism of him personally his propaganda may have gotten to you . 
  he is guilty of arming the rebels that shot that plane down and everybody knows it . 
  that 's what these cartoons are about , mocking his propaganda . 
  so , working for russia is great i presume ? 
  that 's not what i said . 
  i said harsher sentences do n't work as a deterrent . 
  there is no use for a sentence that is longer than what is needed for the deterrent effect or for rehabilitation . 
  that is what the science says . 
  yes , we 've got a lot of that within the lower intelligence groups of our country . 
  crime and anti social behavior is not increasing . 
  it 's in fact decreasing . 
  swedes have been putting up walls and fences forever , some people are just paranoid about what other people think . 
  i think your conclusions have no basis in reality . 
  i do n't think any of us can say why things happen here and not there . 
  it might be because of law enforcement , but it might as well be a matter of the culture within certain ethnic groups within each country . 
  unless you can deliver some kind of research on the matter , it 's anyones guess . 
  what i do know is that the heavy handed solutions do n't work here , and i know that because there 's research on that matter . 
  i did n't downvote and i have n't replied yet because i have n't had the time . 
  it 's not a trivial problem to solve . 
  example-making has 0 % basis in criminology . 
  sorry but what you 're suggesting is proven to be ineffective .
