  what you 're doing is the same kind of thing i was talking about , albeit with much less intensity . 
  mock people , misintepret what they 're saying , assume they vote sd . 
  if they dare to question the holy correct opinion . 
  true , den makes more sense . 
  finnish sounds really tricky !, 
  we 're not talking about the linguistic concept of gender but rather the two sexes , male and female . 
  we do have two linguistic genders as well , though . 
  using it instead of a personal pronoun is considered very rude in sweden , so that wo n't fly . 
  actually , hen is not just used instead of han ( he ) . 
  it 's used instead of hon ( she ) as well . 
  so it 's not a even matter of a certain gender being used as default . 
  but we already have a way of saying when we do n't know the gender , and granted it involved more than one word but it has been working well for ages . 
  my problem with this is the way that it is politically motivated and shoved down peoples throats . 
  and when you disagree , you will get bullied . 
  you will be called names . 
  even if you disagree in a civil way . 
  this is what i object to . 
  and you 're very sneakily ignoring that part of my point . 
  i just think your statement was inaccurate . 
  that 's interesting , i 'm actually a left-leaning voter myself . 
  so i 'm probably that marxist you 're talking about !, 
  not only that , i also consider myself a feminist . 
  i just do n't agree with this part of feminism in sweden . 
  i think there are far better ways to make people interested in equality than bully them and patronise them . 
  and i 've had far more productive discussions about equality with people when i did n't antagonize and listened to their point of view . 
  it is possible to do that without agreeing . 
  that 's quite interesting , as it would be very rude to use a non-personal pronoun in swedish . 
  this is n't the worst one , though . 
  there are some instances where it could possibly be useful . 
  i think i 've experienced two such instances in my life . 
  so there 's a ( very ) slight technical argument to be made for it . 
  i do n't think it 's enough at all , but still . 
  this next one , however , has no support in linguistics at all . 
  the word man , which is the equivalent of you or one ( as in you could / one could ) is widely used in swedish and quite useful for our way of saying things , but somehow these people got the idea that the word means someone of male gender , even though it 's just a homonym . 
  if you consider the etymology , it 's clear that it originates from the word for human . 
  the word man , as in male , shares this too . 
  while it is regrettable that the word for male was the word for all of human kind , it was a sign of the times . 
  however , the word man , as in you/one , does mean all of human kind . 
  and not just male people . 
  that 's why it has been so useful for such a long time . 
  so instead it is being forcibly replaced with the word en , which literally means one . 
  it is an archaic dialectal word when used in this fashion , and it was also only used by rednecks . 
  so suddenly , all these fashionable middle class women are starting to sound like rednecks from a specific part of the country . 
  the fascinating part about it is that few of these people seem to be able to understand or accept the origin of the word man , and the few that do claim that it needs to be changed because of the association . 
  so should we suddenly do that to every word that sounds the same as another , that could possibly be confused for a meaning we 're slightly uncomfortable with , even though everyone knows what it means ? 
  it really is the most ridiculous thing these people have ever come up with . 
  for the politically correct circlejerk . 
  using he/she is perfectly fine , but they needed to invent a way for the language to be gender neutral . 
  as we all know , that makes a huge difference in finland . 
  apparently it `` sends a message '' . 
  right . 
  most problems caused by the eu , perhaps . 
  but not most problems in the individual member states . 
  that 's strange , i find that most people around me like turkey but are worried about the political climate right now . 
  ok , we 're more conservative in most areas but not in some . 
  there was only one guy i could n't understand . 
  quite impressed . 
  there are several kinds of conservative . 
  we have your kind too , though . 
  and i think the political differences have been exaggerated , except for a few specific issues our countries are n't that far apart . 
  how pr and the relationship with media works is quite different , though . 
  company as in the people you meet , not corporation . 
  depends on the company . 
  most people are okayish with most crude jokes . 
  does n't interest me , but sure . 
  err no , they do n't come out straight usually : http://gisuke.oops.jp/pd/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/schuko-plug-hollow-201p-.jpg, 
  sexually , maybe . 
  more conservative in almost every other way . 
  i get so pissed off whenever i visit denmark . 
  not at you guys , though , but the people back home . 
  schuko has all of those benefits plus being recessed and can be turned either way . 
  this video was posted in another thread a few months ago and several electricians came to the same conclusion . 
  schuko is the best plug in the world , it 's as simple as that . 
  maybe they do n't adhere to the same standard ? 
  i will say that the one with protective shutters should be adopted eu-wide because it is superiour , but without those shutters the uk one is better . 
  danish laid back attitude and liberal politics . 
  norwegian nature and state wealth . 
  finnish education . 
  maybe somewhere depopulated in the extreme countryside , but otherwise no , did n't either . 
  most countries using schuko includes protective shutters in their standards to solve that problem . 
  there is nothing better with it compared to schuko . 
  no , the schuko is actually better in at least two ways . 
  well they are obviously wrong , are n't they ? 
  only ferries to the west from here . 
  lecso reminds me of the italian peparonata . 
  good r\u00e5gbr\u00f6d is really hard to come by here , unfortunately . 
  still no socialized health care , and nowhere near as comprehensive social security . 
  and it 's not cold all the time here , the summers are warm ( 68-95f ) . 
  we do n't need to try . 
  come here and experience it for yourself . 
  especially my country seems to impress your countrymen a lot . 
  we happen to like our way of doing things better . 
  and by the way , the eu alone has over 500 million citizens , all of europe even more . 
  who has the inferiority complex ? 
  i would n't mind living somewhere with warmer weather and less darkness during the winter . 
  but from mid spring to mid autumn this is the best place in the world to live , honestly . 
  the cold weather is not really a problem , you get used to it quickly . 
  what you do n't get used to is all the grey/rainy weather and the darkness during the winter . 
  do you have any proof of that ? 
  because being feminist is a very important part of her political profile .
