  immigrants are like children , if you invest in their education they produce more than enough tax money to repay in the end . 
  studies have confirmed that . 
  they are not heavily over represented when it comes to violent crimes , that 's a misrepresentation or at least a misunderstanding . 
  the majority of all violent crimes are committed by people born to swedish parents . 
  people born to one or two parents born abroad commit more violent crimes per capita . 
  people born abroad are in between these two groups , per capita . 
  now if you compare the level of employment , wage level if employed and other social markers between the groups , you 'll see that swedes of similar social situations as these immigrans are criminal to a similar level . 
  want to talk about facts more ? 
  those are the facts . 
  you just wo n't accept them . 
  so relying on facts is now leftist ? 
  interesting . 
  so let me get this straight , you 're trying to tell me , who actually lives in sweden and has researched this particular subject extensively in my free time , that the immigrants are going to ruin my country ? 
  what is the exact mechanism for this ? 
  how will it happen ? 
  you really got me curious now . 
  if you ca n't even explain why it 's bad how can i take you seriously ? 
  it 's everybody 's responsibility . 
  we 're pulling our weight , i 'd say . 
  i was n't talking about fighting , no way we 're getting involved in that . 
  i 'm talking about if you guys ca n't stay in your own country anymore . 
  would n't you like for someone to help you ? 
  or do you think it 's fine for people to say it 's not their problem ? 
  why would they destroy swedish society ? 
  which is my point . 
  easy way to not give a fuck about the rest of the world . 
  do you really think it 's humane not to help people who survive [ this kind of situation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbq-iohfimq ) ? 
  i think it 's cowardly . 
  at least we dare to tackle the problems head on instead of just sticking our head in the ground . 
  but hey , we can just not take you guys in when russia comes . 
  would you like that ? 
  there 's nothing we can do about that with the current laws . 
  well they are certainly not going to stop being murderers if we do n't . 
  and we have to let them come back . 
  giving up our dentity ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  absolutely not . 
  first of all , the use of reward in the title of the article is ridiculous . 
  in the very first sentence , is portrays treating people with ptsd as something wrong . 
  also , the ( ! ), 
  after the sentence where the politicians say that the alienation caused them to radicalize ( which is supported by evidence , btw ) hints at the mere stating of this fact is outrageous . 
  and then interviewing someone who is clearly ignorant of how terror prevention works , without even a hint of criticism . 
  how this can be called unbiased is completely beyond me . 
  they 're obviously trying to say that the people who are doing this are wrong , even a terrorist researcher is being questioned . 
  this is classic neofascist propaganda . 
  again , i 'm glad we 're not you . 
  i do n't think we have an immigrant problem . 
  we could absolutely improve our integration , i will agree on that . 
  also , you do n't have an immigration problem if you do n't take any in . 
  just saying . 
  i 'm glad we 're not you . 
  again , it is framed in a obviously critical way . 
  anyone with their right mind would understand that leaving muslim extremists with ptsd and weird opinions from their time at war in the streets without treatment is going to go really bad . 
  it 's about preventing attacks at home . 
  how in the world is this a bad thing ? 
  what they are trying to do is fix the problem . 
  they have n't commited crimes here , if they did they would have been prosecuted . 
  they can be extradited for terror crimes commited in countries with which we have extradition treaties , but other than that there 's not a whole lot we can do from a legal point of view . 
  it 's a much better idea than doing what we 've been doing the whole time , ignoring them . 
  it 's what made them radical in the first place . 
  we do try to rehabilitate people who fought with isis , it 's true . 
  but the reward spin of the article is the propaganda . 
  i do n't see the problem with trying to fix the problem with the tools available . 
  or maybe , it 's pathetic that you redefine racism to fit your narrow definition , so that you do n't need to worry about being one . 
  it 's the typical neofascist method , and it 's ridiculous . 
  we 're not going to have a meaningful discussion . 
  you 're not capable of that . 
  you realize that we 're living separately to a huge extent , right ? 
  so it 's kinda hard for us to know how they feel about you guys . 
  a lot of the youngsters seem to like hip hop a lot , that much i know . 
  if you 're a refugee , yes . 
  otherwise , no way . 
  most people do n't seem to understand that most eu countries are about as strict as the us , except we actually help refugees . 
  so you mean trying to rehabilitate people is a bad thing ? 
  they are , after all , if not citizens then have residence permits . 
  things are not going to get better if we ignore them here . 
  and we do n't have any laws to put them in jail . 
  you tell me what we should do instead . 
  that is right wing propaganda . 
  just wanted to make sure everybody who reads this understands . 
  it is absolutely racism . 
  mind you , i 'm not a fan of religions at all , and i often debate people about this , but the muslim people i know do not follow any of the right wing stereotypes . 
  i 'm not a fan of the extremism either , but it 's a huge leap to but the burden of what those people are doing on everyone who happens to believe in the same god . 
  it 's pathetic how you hide your racism in criticism of a religion . 
  i do n't know where you heard about that , even sweden is really strict . 
  we just chose to take in a bigger percent ( per capita ) of the refugees than most countries . 
  just try to get in here from outside the eu and nordic countries without being in real need . 
  in fact , in a lot of cases people have been sent back to their death in their home countries . 
  but then again , that 's not fun for the racists to talk about . 
  do you have a hard time identifying racist talk ? 
  i happen to have a white friend who converted to islam , so i 'm well aware of it happening . 
  i have a feeling you read what you wanted into my comment . 
  because let 's not kid ourselves , the intentions of that comment were clear . 
  we have no idea of the ethnicity of the attacker , so let 's not get ahead of ourselves ( in either direction ) . 
  the products from ukraine are not going to be pricey , though . 
  whoa , those guys sure like to do stupid stuff !, 
  i hope that salt gets really loose . 
  that would be pizza . 
  we do n't make any weird kebab ( except for when we use it as a pizza topping , that is ) . 
  bigger and more progressive than those rednecks .
