  we 've got [ similar music ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_plhmvsr_w ) in sweden as well . 
  if that is n't bullying i do n't know what is . 
  it 's supposed to be in bad taste and provocative , that 's why it 's called art . 
  i disagree , it 's a good way to make sure there are no cheap knockoffs . 
  that might actually be intentional . 
  never seen that specific kind in sweden , but salmiak sure rules !, 
  you should n't . 
  reminds me of this [ song ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbmn1gzh9gy ) . 
  well ai n't that peachy . 
  six countries in the eurozone were downgraded , there are a whole lot more countries in the eu than that . 
  slightly misleading , would n't you say ? 
  why would i ? 
  why so ? 
  paleo/low carb/keto . 
  meat , veggies , dairy , eggs . 
  no , it 's not unavoidable . 
  we simply need to be open to getting foreign workers to fill the jobs for us . 
  why is that astonishing ? 
  english could just as well become swedens second official language . 
   they would be considered centre-left . 
  comparing just a few issues , sure . 
  but it 's really hard to do a just comparison that way . 
  to understand where they stand you need to do a in depth analysis of swedish political discourse over the last century , and then do the same in the countries you 're comparing to as well . 
  the core of swedish politics still is social democracy , but there 's plenty of room for conservatism within that sphere . 
  sweden is n't divided by any known administrative regions in this map , though . 
  yeah , we do love our coffee . 
   it is a shame that our political system allows the will of the people to be ignored with such efficiency but that 's what modern democracy is all about !, 
  corporate interest is what really matters . 
  turkey is n't a member of eu . 
  you need a passport to enter turkey , and especially to enter the eu again . 
  i see , interesting !, 
  this is what i love about reddit , would be pretty hard for me to get this perspective in other ways . 
  no , you should n't . 
  just not what i expected . 
  first time you hear gbg ? 
  and you 're swedish ? 
  actually , i live pretty close to gbg so it 's pretty far for them to drive . 
  probably not the reason . 
  really ? 
  it 's been plaguing southern bohusl\u00e4n off and on since august-september . 
  so that means that the butter shortage is going to get worse in sweden ? 
  darn it . 
  i do wonder , why butter ? 
  what is up with the shortages ? 
  i know that in sweden it 's related to the huge low carb trend ( 25 % of our population follows some kind of low carb diet ) , but that it 's not like that in norway , right ? 
  the electronic music spin was really stupid , but otherwise an interesting perspective on what 's going on right now . 
  note to governments all around the world ( except the us ) : pay your doctors . 
  you will regret it if you do n't . 
  yes !, 
  thanks to being a part of the demoscene , i 've had the opportunity to meet people from all over the world ( but mainly europe ) and i can say without a doubt that there is some kind of kinship going on here . 
  i think it 's a cultural thing . 
  do n't forget smala sussie !, 
  my problem with this is that it 's blatant propaganda , and it 's quite obvious . 
  a more humble article would be more appropriate , considering the fact that it 's partly the us markets fault that we 've got this mess here now . 
  i do n't think that americans are in the position to criticize europeans right now . 
  we 're all fucked , americans more profoundly . 
  it 's about 2000-3000km between them . 
  pretty damn far . 
  it 's not unlikely to be east european in origin , but it 's probably not possible to know right now . 
  what ? 
  if it is n't from fukushima , north korea should be out of the question as well . 
  iran is pretty far from the czech republic . 
  good luck with that . 
  also , pretty tacky pr stunt . 
  you know , us swedes are exceptionally good english speakers . 
  and swedish is n't that different from english . 
  you might have trouble with the pronunciation and grammar , but understanding swedish is no problem . 
  their ratings really do matter to the market , though . 
  that makes sense , thank you !, 
  while an interesting article , it did n't really explain the headline . 
  or am i missing something ? 
  that 's really shitty . 
  so they 're basically stalling right now so that they are going to be able to say that they tried everything else and this was the last way out ? 
  and that they 've known all along that this is what they do to save their face , politically ? 
  do you really think debt will be written off ? 
  and by whom ? 
  it 's not exactly going to be popular with the citizens of any eu country . 
  the us is not the size of the european subcontinent in any way . 
  europe is geographically smaller but more populous . 
  american media and politicians really have a tendency to be assholes . 
  it 's sad . 
  this is another case of politicians making decisions about things they clearly do n't understand . 
  i remember the odd 5 coins . 
  i 'm quite impressed by you guys right now !, 
  i do n't know where the victim complex in the end of this article came from , but the data sure is interesting . 
  is this a subreddit , or what ? 
  i was n't trying to be fair , i got irritated by his arrogant answers and i was adressing that . 
  they just borrowed the way out of their crisis , they 're the ones with the real problems . 
  their fundamentals are really bad , and they are going to have problems paying their debt pretty soon . 
  our problems are superficial in comparison . 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  the most danes i 've met in the copenhagen area understood my swedish just fine ( i 'm from gothenburg ) but on jylland it was much harder . 
  and i had a much harder time understanding the danes from jylland as well . 
  and as you said , norwegian is no problem . 
  i 'm swedish and i must say i have few problems understanding most danes , at least after a day or two in denmark . 
  culturally we 're all mostly the same people . 
  or well , the rural areas might be different . 
  but in the bigger cities , not so much . 
  learning norwegian does n't automatically mean you 'll understand danish well , and it certainly wo n't automatically mean you 'll understand swedish . 
  norwegians understand swedish easily because many of them watch swedish tv .
