  i know about all that , that 's why we laugh at our small ones . 
  not in the gothenburg area , no . 
  there was a bigger one outside of halmstad last year , maybe that 's the one you 're thinking of ? 
  i would n't know , i slept through it . 
  til !, 
  this is serious business , we should start a mutual disaster fund or something . 
  since they 're uncommon here , everybody goes wild with excitement when they do happen . 
  we 're all ok !, 
  it measured 2-2 .5 on the richter scale and had it 's epicenter near styrs\u00f6 in the gothenburg peninsula . 
  not in scandinavia . 
  it 's kind of ridiculous . 
  not to be rude , but you 're tiny . 
  it will be the other way around . 
  that 's how it used to be when i went to school , eons ago . 
  or maybe english in 4th grade , i do n't remember . 
  here it 's in the 6th grade . 
  there may be more languages available , i 'm fairly certain german is the most popular still though . 
  we start english from first grade . 
  you get to choose from either german or french as a third language in school ( and it 's mandatory ) . 
  most pick german . 
  exactly . 
  and weihnachten ? 
  has n't he read german in school ? 
  i was surprised how little german the swedish guy knew . 
  i honestly do n't know enough about finnish to say . 
  true !, 
  well , you 'll be learning both . 
  more or less . 
  even danes would understand you . 
  especially if you 're not from scandinavia . 
  yes , you say o instead . 
  so strange !, 
  ah right , that makes sense . 
  it 's based on meeting ( mostly drunk ) finns , i will admit that . 
  not that they were n't nice people but the whole macho thing they had going was not something i felt is common here . 
  are you sure kumi is n't from swedish too ? 
  extremely similar to our gummi . 
  it 's the sm\u00e4ll !, 
  ( sm\u00e4ll pronounced as smell ), 
  you 'd be amazed how similar the vocabulary of the scandinavian languages and german really is . 
   i have a very hard time telling norwegian and swedish apart that 's because they are very similar languages , when spoken . 
  norwegian and danish are very similar when written , though . 
  swedish has done it 's own thing . 
  confused yet ? 
  i think of it more like we all descend to the level of the danes when we get drunk . 
  the danes have been drunk constantly so much of their history , their languaged evolved to account for it . 
  when we get drunk , we attain nordic brotherhood . 
  agreed , not far from the truth . 
   greenlandic is a completely different language than danish , but they 've kept the wonderful number system why ? 
  he 's a very macho finn and is talking about swedish food . 
  i 'm fairly sure the meaning is implied . 
  trying to say , you mean ? 
  i mean , it does n't really sound like swedish . 
  it is actually swedish : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0m2mtpqfdho i 've never heard such an extreme example of the dialect before , but it 's no problem reading a transcript of it . 
  exactly , the thing with finnish is that a lot of men feel the extreme need to talk ( and behave ) in an extremely macho way . 
  it 's pretty silly . 
  he pronounces it incorrectly though . 
  it 's more like soorstr\u00f6mming . 
  but finns ca n't say u , so we have to be patient with them . 
  it 's not their fault . 
  or even worse , we 'll create a nordic union . 
  to be fair , written norwegian and written danish is incredibly similar . 
  but many times i wonder if we really need to write in separate languages at all when it comes to our three countries . 
  it 's not often that words that are not present or understood in all languages are used . 
  i have a feeling it 's more a matter of national pride than intelligibility . 
  tz instead of kk ? 
  huh ? 
  the toilet is usually facing the window . 
  having the radiator just below the window is the most efficient use of it from a heating perspective . 
  those ballons means that they are a different letter , and are in fact not an a at all . 
  completely different vowels ( all three : \u00e5 \u00e4 \u00f6 ) with their own unique sounds . 
  we could have chosen letters that confused foreign speakers less , but that 's not how we roll . 
  that 's an interesting perspective , never thought of it that way . 
  it 's wrong , obviously , we 've just got finer vowel resolution that you guys do so you 're just jealous , but still . 
  yes . 
  ai n't gon na happen . 
  it really gets to you . 
  i love the city but really , the rain and the grey weather . . 
  four ? 
  are you forgetting iceland ? 
  if you 're counting voting power per capita it would be no problem for the other countries to unite against us if you would disagree . 
  stockholm is the biggest city , but considering the history of being aggressors maybe it could be a good idea to place it either in norway or finland . 
  we 're not similar to those filthy . . oh wait . 
  sweden does not feel the same . 
  sure , but that does n't matter if war hits us . 
  i do n't know if they would or not , but i 'm not a fan of taking chances when it comes to this . 
  another good thing about not being a member of nato is that we can stay out of war if it breaks out between russia and nato members . 
  since this strategy of neutrality helped us avoid war for 200 + years , i 'm going to say it 's a good idea keeping it . 
  absolutely , but we need to do what we can to avoid escalation right now . 
  there is no scenario where our country survives an invasion from russia . 
  it 's a whole lot better than war , that 's for sure . 
  it would escalate the tensions even more , not a good idea for us right now . 
  but if it 's a life that someone is n't willing to take care if , can you really call that a life ? 
  i mean , it 's not like we are too few humans on this planet . 
  yes , and we do n't feel bad taking medication to get rid of those . 
  unwanted pregnancies are just bad for everyone involved . 
  they are n't viable , so if `` born '' they could n't survive . 
  i do n't call that alive , and you 're free to disagree with me . 
  it 's more like crazy religious people considering unviable fetuses to be alive . 
  sounds perfectly normal to me .
