  gmo is neutral , it is neither good nor bad . 
  it all depends on how it 's being used . 
  it 's like banning cars because some people drive drunk . 
  they are just giving in to popular opinion . 
  ban monsanto instead . 
  this is increadibly short-sighted . 
  that is truly terrible . 
  it 's like your own version of basshunter . 
  this is pretty good actually , reminds me a lot of the early ' 00s in sweden . 
  oh god , that niello song is awful !, 
  has the world gone mad ? 
  i 'm pretty sure he would n't eat that . 
  no idea , not a smoker . 
  we 're talking things like payroll tax , vat , alcohol tax , tobacco tax , gasoline tax and so on . 
  we do , however , have reasonably low corporate taxes . 
  i 'm in berlin on vacation and noticed this too . 
  quite amusing !, 
  let 's just ignore most of northern europe !, 
  found an interesting quote in this document , on page 59 :  from the outset , it should be borne in mind that a social cost study does not provide any information as to which policies ( if any ) are cost-effective . 
  it 's also worth noting that most of our social cost statistics come from the loss of life and absentee parts of the study , and we have considerably less in the crime part . 
  it could very well be that we do n't have adequate treatment for alcoholism and that our professional life is far less accepting of alcohol . 
  what do you think ? 
  i think i 'm going to need a source for that . 
   because of alcohol problems and a drinking culture . 
  remove them and lots of people would be drinking themselves to death . 
  that actually has n't been proven in modern times . 
  we actually drink comparably less here than most parts of europe , but if that 's because of our culture or the restrictions we just do n't know . 
  well , oslo is n't that bad . 
  yeah , that 's not going to happen . 
  hang on there , if you 're saying they 're both , am i not right ? 
  i did n't say it could n't be used as a consonant . 
  in many ways , you guys are a lot of things we wish we were . 
  but we 'll never admit it . 
  yes it is . 
  i think they secretly love us . 
  what did you think fra was for ? 
  listening to some sd people complaining about immigrants ? 
  now that 's a shocker . 
  i 'm well aware of it . 
  again , just some kids making some trouble . 
  it was not a riot , this is a swedish riot : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnlmn3qe1z0 increadibly annoying when someone who is n't even from here tries to `` correct '' you . 
  no they were n't , it was just some kids setting some cars ablaze . 
  and there is no evidence that the kids were more muslim than not muslim . 
  get your facts straight . 
  pretend ? 
  they are n't taking over europe , not in any way . 
  i 'd like to claim that it is one of the main problems this planet has right now . 
  but everything that is n't swedish is subtitled , though . 
  worth a mention . 
  i believe that we 're pretty good at english in part due to our country being too small for dubbing to be economically feasible . 
  written , sure . 
  spoken ? 
  no way . 
  some kinds of norwegian is pretty close to swedish , that 's all the similarities i know of . 
  i would have to agree !, 
  we actually have the same word , but spelled l\u00e4cker , but it feels more old and uninteresting in swedish for some reason . 
  to be fair , norwegian and danish is very similar in writing . 
  and really , both are really easy to read to a swede . 
  it 's really odd how often they need to add words that are perfectly similar . 
  and also , all of us can read that mess of words and understand it , because our languages are so similar . 
  i love that word . 
  that 's might be where they live but this kind of music is romani , that was my point . 
  since they do n't have their own country that 's how it goes . 
  that tone damli song must have been written by a swede . 
  the sound is unmistakable . 
  is n't that more romani thank balkan ? 
  that is correct . 
  you would n't get away with it because animals ca n't give consent . 
  this more a matter of being able to differentiate the penalty for the two kinds of crimes more clearly . 
  anyone thinking that it 's legal here is mistaken . 
  that combination !, 
  this is too meta , i feel like that 's exactly what i needed to ask you right now . 
  that should be possible to fix by opening some windows . 
  we 've got 17 outside right now here , and it 's midnight . 
  yes you 're complaining . 
  part of being swedish means complaining about the weather . 
  i 've heard about yellow snow but not bloody snow . 
  it 's called weather . 
  do you know what it is ? 
  it becomes normal pretty quickly , to be honest . 
  please be a bit more specific , that article covers a lot . 
  yeah , we do n't have that kind , that 's true . 
  actually , it 's 100/100 for $ 27 , but that includes voip ( but not call charges ) . 
  is that smug enough ? 
   there is a spanish expression that says `` hacerse el sueco '' ( to act swede ) which means `` to pretend you did n't know something/someone and ignore it haha , yeah we do that a lot , i will admit that . 
  most of the outdoor advertisements are located at bus/tram/subway stops , though . 
  well , \u00e4 and \u00f6 are simple , \u00e5 not so much . 
   sweden = stockholm you 're really missing out if you believe that . 
  i can confirm this . 
   swedes eat surstr\u00f6mming very few swedes actually do that , though . 
   there are no advertisements on the streets . 
  oh yes there is , what cities have you been to ? 
   they are not afraid to talk in good terms about _ their country _ , which is quite unusual in europe . 
  ftfy . 
  we do not talk in good terms about ourselves , except maybe for a few weird people from stockholm . 
  but they 're not real swedes anyway . 
  it 's not hard to buy alcohol here , it just requires planning . 
  which most people solve by buying shitloads of alcohol and keeping at home . 
  we 've got those too . 
  they 're just not as popular here .
