  of course i can !, 
  but we 're talking about understanding each other here , `` building bridges '' . 
  refusing to speak the most popular language is n't exactly that , is it ? 
  that rule may be in the uk , but we have no such rules here . 
  that 's a bit of an oversimplification , but you 're right that it was a significant factor . 
  sweden had a strong song and is very western in the minds of many . 
  our contribution was performed by someone who absolutely was established in the music industry . 
  so obviously that works . 
  their ranking was due to countries aligned with them , for the most part . 
  just as our ranking was in large part due to countries not aligned with them . 
  it was very much political this year . 
  sweden was the figurehead of anti-russia . 
  that 's how i see it , anyhow . 
  the thing is , they always seem to fail to deliver . 
  it 's the same with their server software , and client software , and mobile os , and so on . . 
  they really needed to pull this off , to get that a positive association with their brand . 
  i feel sorry for their marketing division , because their job is n't going to be fun the next couple of weeks . 
  it 's weird but microsoft sort of has become the underdog . 
  not because they are smaller , but because of their total inability of delivering solid solutions . 
  right , we wo n't stop talking our small and obscure languages . 
  but i think it 's important to have a common language that everyone knows . 
  and the fact that francophone countries still refuse to talk english is just ridiculous by now . 
  exactly !, 
  i called it in the pre-competitions in sweden . 
  no doubt in my mind . 
  and i was right . 
  but our way makes more money . 
  and is more popular . 
  what is the downside ? 
  it 's ironic that they could n't even make sure it all went smooth . 
  kinda feel sorry for microsoft now . 
  he 's called mums ( = yum ) by a lot of women in sweden . 
  i think the voting showed that europe is very divided , pro or anti russia . 
  especially the anti russia votes were obvious . 
  really ? 
  it may seem strange but hearing that from a finn matters quite a lot . 
  you sure do n't give us an easy time . 
  sweden was the anti-russia vote . 
  shocked ? 
  not the least . 
  it really spoke volumes about the political climate right now . 
  singing is n't the contest , songwriting is . 
  and most of the top hits in the us are written by swedes . 
  just as many winning eurovision contributions , sung by swedes or not . 
  just saying . 
  i 'm disappointed that not everyone did . 
  and i 'm especially disappointed that the only people presenting the votes in another language were francophone . 
  a true testiment of arrogance , in my opinion . 
  if we want to build bridges , we should learn to speak a common language . 
  not insist that our local ( and fairly small , globally ) language should be understood by everyone . 
  we would know . 
  it was really about politics this year , more than any other year . 
  you can really feel the tension . 
  why do n't you guys make it a thing like we do ? 
  it 's not like there is n't enough song writing talent . 
  and there 's certainly money to be made . 
  if that was n't a political statement i do n't know what is . 
  considering all the swedish songwriting that has won this competition , you 're more correct than you know . 
  of all the things , i 'm glad russia did n't win . 
  europe made a pretty clear point , i would say . 
  especially the countries close to russia . 
  sweden was the top anti-russia vote . 
  sure , the song was good . 
  but i agree with your sentiment , it really feels like a statement was made . 
  or we could just stop bitching and admit that when we 're taking on the world , we 're brothers . 
  we may bicker , but we 're by each others sides when it really matters , just like siblings do . 
  are you for real ? 
  no swedish songwriters , slim chance of winning . 
  it 's hard to have any meaningful banter when russia is being this hostile , to be honest . 
  it all feels way too uncomfortable . 
  it seems to be that the general mood was cheering for sweden because it represented the anti-russia , since they installed anti-boo-technology . 
  and even despite of that , you could hear the boos . 
  not that the swedish song did n't deserve it , in my opinion , but it 's hard to shake the political dimension this time . 
  fuck , i hope not !, 
  i think it was the other way around , she got so many votes because she represented russia . 
  it was n't a bad song by any means , but not at the same level . 
  it was written by swedish songwriters and it 's no coincidence that this particular song was given to a russian performer . 
  the swedish eurovision crowd sure know what they 're doing , and the swedish contribution this year was a particularly good example of that . 
  if anything the contest highlighted the very obvious conflict between `` the west '' and russia . 
  the `` twelve points to russia '' comment from the russian presenter highlighted it perfectly . 
  not quite sure why you 're linking to this article . 
  it 's neither relevant nor news . 
  oh great , the soviet union is happening again . 
  just what we always wanted !, 
  shows me how much i know . 
  really ? 
  care to provide some background to that ? 
  do n't forget schengen !, 
  you would have loved it too , trust me !, 
  we fuck like bunnies , and most women are on birth control of some kind . 
  serious stis like aids and hepatitis type c are so uncommon that a condom usually is n't needed . 
  and heck , chlamydia is cured with a short course of antibiotics . 
  it 's not a huge deal . 
  this is how sweden is at the top of that list . 
  and it was glorious to be single here . 
  or maybe that people started giving a fuck about their health . 
  just saying . 
  was n't the tax ineffective ? 
  muscle fever , is that soreness after physical activity ? 
  check out the problem of body weight set points .
