  as soon as you stop counting everything it will start to slip back to the set point . 
  it 's annoying . 
  adjust your caloric intake to your activity level , it 's as simple as that . 
  for some people it 's better to get more active , for some eating less . 
  exercise is not some magic fixer-upper . 
  with that said , i chose the active route . 
  but i can respect if someone chooses not to . 
  is n't that kinda racist ? 
  are you sure you 're familiar with what racism is ? 
  they may soon , if things continue the way they do here . 
  turns out , sweden is a real country . 
  weird huh ? 
  that has no bearing on the equal pay issue , though . 
  ask scb , i have n't looked into their methods . 
  the differences in pay in sweden are still present if you control for those parameters . 
  no , more paternal leave is a very important part of getting equal pay for equal job . 
  interesting logic !, 
  in sweden too . 
  but only technically , it would constitute animal abuse in reality . 
  that 's why i said scandinavia . 
  finland still is . . a bit less progressive when it comes to social issues . 
  but i do think the model you 're talking about would be a great idea . 
  are you aware of why countries even consider forcing paternity leave ? 
  no , the problem was that the fathers would n't take part in the equality project we 've got going here . 
  everybody works too much here , even the women . 
   `` choosing themselves '' means the woman stays at home and the man goes to work , because the employer of the man will expect him to work . 
  that 's just not the case anymore in scandinavia . 
  the real problem was that 80 % of the fathers did n't take their share of parental leave , meaning that the child did n't get the care that was intended for it . 
  i would guess so , yes . 
  outhouses work fine , you just need to make sure they 're heated . 
  not having paved roads is very common in rural sweden too . 
  no , sweden . 
  trust me . 
  i completely disagree , and i suspect that you do n't even understand how racist that is . 
  i believe we are pulling our weight , how about the rest of europe ? 
  finnish politicians are so expressive !, 
  exactly . 
  not the same thing . 
  this article reads like a nato propaganda piece to me . 
  am i just imagining this ? 
  there are studies , but they are in swedish . 
  not sure if there is any english version . 
  we do not create jobs , demand does that . 
  politicians have the power to create jobs in the public sector , but other than that they have a fairly limited influence over this matter . 
  not that they would ever admit it , but it 's a fact . 
  but it does earn us money , the statistics are clear . 
  are you denying that ? 
  i most certainly would n't like your people gone . 
  your culture is rich , and your people very generous . 
  you could do without your religiously fanatic politicians , though . 
  where do we all get jobs ? 
  it 's a complicated question , and it 's not one with a clear answer . 
  it depends on the labour politics of any current administration , as well as the demand of products and services from the market . 
  it 's not going to make us rich , i never said that it would . 
  we 'll get our investment back and some more tax revenue . 
  it 's not unlike children . 
  they cost the state ( and their parents ) a fair deal until they 've graduated school and become productive . 
  and it 's a misunderstanding that all immigrants are uneducated , it varies a great deal . 
  it really does n't matter what you think about it , this and humanitarian reasons are pretty damn good reasons for doing it . 
  well then most of sweden are social justice warriors , as this is by far the prevailing opinion of this country . 
  to be clear , a fair share of this effect is due to squats . 
  immigration is n't popular in many countries , that 's one reason . 
  i 'm sure there are more , but i ca n't say i 've read enough about it to be able to comment , especially since the answer would probably be different depending on the country . 
  but one example of a country that does this and gets served well by it is the us . 
  most of those reports are from far right wing news sources . 
  a more reputable source than oecd is hard to find . 
   meanwhile we spend 250 billion sek in immigration for the coming 4 years :-) which will pay itself off ( with interest ) in a 10-30 year period . 
  immigration is a good investment , believe it or not . 
  never heard of a always on-sauna , interesting !, 
  that much steam , whoa . 
  if it 's 80c or above that 's going to be seriously hot !, 
  that 's a very dangerous thing to say to some people in sweden . 
  friendships have been lost over less . 
  and i wish i was kidding . 
  a lot of revolutionary lefties ( not just the hip people ) use this as well . 
  granted , it may sometimes be hard to tell these apart . 
  the thing is , we already have ways to say this . 
  and you know exactly what i mean . 
  this rational explanation was made up after these people realized that the gender neutral revolution stuff was a bit too crazy . 
  it 's just an excuse to insert a political agenda into our language . 
  it 's being forced into use with a clear political agenda , and if you disagree with it you will get bullied and harassed . 
  that 's the problem . 
  there is no sensible discussion with these people , only agree with me or face hell . 
  it 's kind of hard to prove in the strict sense , but it certainly is mentioned in this paper : http://www.diva-portal.org/smash/get/diva2:606292/fulltext01.pdf and please , stop being rude . 
  there really is n't any need for it . 
  so you 're saying that the recent prominence of the word has no political background ? 
  and please , try to be a bit more civil , you certainly wo n't convince me of anything by being rude and it wo n't serve any other purpose than derail the discussion . 
  i would say the same about your position . 
  which is fine , i guess . 
  how the hell do you give a citation about that ? 
  and is n't obvious that it 's political ? 
  i see you have n't taken part of the discussion here . 
  i do n't disapprove of the word as such , but i do n't really see the purpose of it either . 
  by just reading about the word you do n't get to understand the way some people behave around this word , and that 's the reason for my opposition . 
  again , if you do n't agree that we should use it people assume you 're a nazi and start bullying you . 
  it 's really not acceptable . 
  what is this , being rude again ? 
  are you not just proving my point ? 
  maybe you do n't meet these people , i would n't know . 
  and reducing my argument to just being anti feminist is very crude , just because i do n't agree with the change of language for political reasons does n't mean that i 'm not a feminist .
