  and the sauce is based on yoghurt , not mayonnaise . 
  does n't even taste close to mayonnaise . 
  and there is no sauerkraut either . 
  you must have misunderstood quite a bit . 
  the swiss have nothing on our pizza . 
  that 's one thing i know for a fact . 
  it 's not the same thing , though . 
  because it 's delicious ? 
  that 's popular in sweden too . 
  although , it seems like spaghetti is the pasta of choice for this here . 
  we should probably say nordic , since iceland was n't included at all and just a small part of finland was visible in the first one . 
  quite interesting . 
  i 'm glad to finally see success in this area !, 
  targeting students and other young people has never been a good idea . 
  my experience is the complete opposite . 
  i 've heard things you barely can call swedish . 
  luckily , swedes generally have a pretty good understanding of norwegian . 
  or well , at least people from western sweden . 
  and that 's so weird , because swiss german is far easier for us northerners to understand , because it 's closer to our languages . 
  did n't it sound suspiciously norwegian too ? 
  i thought so . 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  i think english actually might be more closely related to the scandinavian languages . 
  that 's odd . 
  i wonder why , the two languages are related . 
  i think it shows that our languages are pretty close to each other . 
  we practically got the same result !, 
  dutch , 26/50 . 
  not bad considering i did n't think i understood that language at all . 
  it 's easier to read than i thought . 
  that must be it !, 
  i got laid a serious amount of times as a teen thanks to that site . 
  i remember the italia '90 ones . 
  sweet memories . 
  there 's way more meat on a elk !, 
  we have the same problem in sweden . 
  it 's getting ridiculous . 
  what is this ? 
  something in danish that i understand ? 
  what 's happening ? 
  so greenpeace is now a good organisation ? 
  do n't worry , we do n't like her in sweden either . 
  really ? 
  i 've never come across this . 
  that sounds nasty !, 
  i agree , and that beer is n't even that cheap . 
  also , sweden has come a long way with the new microbreweries trend . 
  we make among the best ale in europe now . 
  yes . 
  gross ? 
  it 's super tasty !, 
  i feel sorry for you guys . 
  it 's almost as bad as not learning to like beer . 
  let me know if you want one from gothenburg too . 
  that sounds a bit big to be a fox , they are generally smaller . 
  at least here . 
  that was exciting to you guys ? 
  that 's entertaining !, 
  we have lots of elk here , you can have some . 
  no way , oppig\u00e5rds amarillo is by far the best beer !, 
  karlovacko is pretty popular in sweden , actually . 
  you do n't hear that in sweden . 
  because it 's derogatory term . 
  it 's racist . 
  already registered . 
  this is a separate and illegal registry , not unlike the way our secret service registered people with leftwing political ideas a few decades ago . 
  it 's still under debate , and afaik romani is the correct english term . 
  ( [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romani_people ) ) i think it might be uncomfortable for romanian people , but that 's the way it is . 
  nobody confuses romani and romanian in sweden , because the words are very different in swedish . 
  saying gypsy is very offensive in sweden , so that 's why . 
  and besides , a lot of the romani in sweden come from romania , so it 's not completely false . 
  i think we can , yeah . 
  it 's quite obvious that you ca n't do that without getting charged with f\u00f6rargelsev\u00e4ckande beteende , a lot of people have been before . 
  the prosecutors conclusion is really stupid . 
  he/she did n't do his job and it 's not anyone elses fault . 
  well , the age of consent in sweden is 15 so that 's not a very likely situation here . 
  having a laptop and being loud might seem offensive to some bouncers , i can see that . 
  not a legitimate reason but you ca n't usually reason with those guys . . 
  i have no idea what the market looks like in the uk . 
  200 years ago this was accurate , yes . 
  nowadays we produce way more beer , especially craft beer . 
  that sounds like a bullshit reason to be thrown out to me . 
  never happened to me and never heard of it before . 
  i bet there was something else going on that they did n't tell you about . 
  bouncers often are , unfortunately , dicks . 
  on behalf of our fine country , sorry about that !, 
  that does n't make sense though , i know wine is the # 1 selling kind of alcohol in sweden . 
  no , we just binge drink a lot and only on weekends . 
  drinking on weekdays is generally frowned upon ( although that 's beginning to lighten ) . 
  also , we drink a lot of wine . 
  that may account for some of these low numbers . 
  except freedom . 
  oh , you mean how sweden is better than france at almost everything ? 
  you 're right , i 'm not paying attention . 
  fewest number of police officers ( per citizen ) in europe except for hungary . 
  interesting . 
  it was a slow news day in sweden . 
  most regulations in sweden work pretty well , actually . 
  the potential benefits far outweigh the risks . 
  if we just regulate carefully it wo n't be a problem .
