  probaj to rec npr . 
  isus on the other hand , ako cemo vjerovat the knjizi je . 
  meni je super leglo . 
  na to jos platis pdv , 
  inace evo source od tog sto haker tipka : https://hackage.haskell.org/package/hackertyper-0.1.0.1/src/kernel.txt, 
  easy peasy , 
   the pain . 
  oh the glorious pain . 
  fuck yes . 
  when your legs are just on fire and your heart is about to burst from your chest . 
  and then you change to a harder gear , get out of the saddle and push it even harder . 
  i absolutely love that feeling , especially when climbing . 
  can confirm , was a fat bastard ( 118kg , 260 in freedom units ) . 
  broke a couple of rear axles on the cheapo bike , got an old steel road bike from my brother in law , dropped ~ 35kg since then . 
  had a 2 year hiatus after my son was born and got back into the saddle about a year ago . 
  now i just ca n't stop , 
  radim iz hr , ali zaposlen za strance . 
  radio u hr firmi , placa kao senioru mi je bila netto malo jaca od ~ 6000 kuna . 
  ja se rjesavam toga da dodam index.hr u hosts file , 
  ali blokirano mi je vise od 95 % hr `` news '' portala . 
  # croatian shitlist, 
  127.0.0.1 index.hr, 
  127.0.0.1 www.index.hr, 
  sorry , zaboravio sam da meni po defaultu kad dodas nesto u hosts file znaci da si to natjerao na 127.0.0.1, 
  inace ip adresa je frula , posebno kod cloudfare backed siteova , bas zato da se ne mogu ddosati tako lako . 
  bog te nedo , ovaj je fakat the gift that keeps on giving . 
  al to znas i sam , 
  ali sad ce nas digitalizacija spasiti , ili sta smo ono jos rekli , 
  i would say that one can of red bull is not an issue . 
  drinking a six pack of them or more will surely help steer you in the wrong direction . 
  aaaaaaaaa, 
  harrison ford , 
  ali jebiga , doing business in croatia . 
  foil ( at least the thin one that i 've got in the cupboard ) is shit . 
  it falls apart and breaks into small pieces that you have to fish out of your shoes afterwards . 
  maybe some thicker foil would work ok . 
  i 've seen that matt uses some thicker foil with greasy paper on one side to wrap the flapjacks . 
  but i also remembered that my mom had some thicker foil laying around . 
  i know it just does n't work with the thin one . 
  jos samo 16 mjeseci and counting . 
  and some people are lunatics while going down the hill because there is little that compares going 80 or 90 km/h ( ~ 50 mph ? ), 
  on an 8 kilo bike while your only contact surfaces are 2 small 23-25mm wide rubber patches . 
  present company included in the lunatic division , 
  plamen ( the last link ) is the only casted one i can see here . 
  others are made from plain sheet metal . 
  you really want the heavy one , as it keeps the temperature pretty well and consistent . 
  my dad has had the same ( big one ) at home for a couple of years with zero wear and tear visible . 
  shipping ( for the 22kg one ) is from ~ 30-40 $ if you are in europe , ~ 70 $ for the north america and ~ 90 $ for the rest of the world, 
  eventualno jos bolji twist . 
  exactly , 
  generally i do n't really care . 
  if that someone can keep up while i 'm soloing , and is in kit , on a road bike i do n't mind if they tag along for the ride . 
  you can go faster when someone is behind you vs being solo . 
  on the other hand , being a small cycling community , even if i do n't know the person , one of my friends or team mates knows who they are . 
  i also regularly strike up a conversation , and get to know the person . 
  it 's pretty easy to do a quick over if the bike is already being maintained properly . 
  i try to do a quick wash after about every two rides , and a proper wash once every two or three months . 
  then the process of clean/lube/wipe chain and drivetrain , check if brakes and tires are ok and nothing is making funny noises takes about 5 minutes on a bike stand . 
  i also like to prep everything the night before , except the liquids which i pour into the bidons in the morning . 
  regularly wake up at 4:40 and usually eat a bowl of oatmeal before every ride . 
  i did write ` try ` , did n't i  honestly it 's somewhere between every week or two . 
  orange iso drink tends to look like puke on a white frame . 
  just a quick wipe with an old rag till it 's somewhat shining again , add a bit of oil on the chain and it 's done . 
  also wipe the drivetrain with the same rag , nothing fancy . 
  but it relies on doing a quick wash with a degreaser on the drivetrain every other week or so . 
  imo if i do n't have time to clean the bike regularly , i 'd rather have the chain lubed and dirty , than dry and dirty . 
  i have this one , it also comes with a frame mount . 
  pretty good as an emergency pump . 
  has a flex 2 side hose , presta and schrader sides . 
  specs say it goes up to 120psi so it should be enough for you . 
  two rides before i mounted it on the frame . 
  felt pretty good in the middle pocket with the phone/money and spare base layer bags . 
  did n't notice any discomfort during the rides . 
  mounted it on the frame just to reduce prep time and having to think about it each time i go out on a ride . 
  mozda bi cak i mogli , kao indijci , sa low cost ( i low quality ) support/tech bransom . 
  bas sam imao diskusiju s frendom nekidan o tome , tesko da cemo se kao drzava ( cast iznimkama ) profilirati kao super quality high tech it workforce . 
  imas cak full tocne normative , skroz idiot friendly . 
  damn . 
  sve je to super prestiz i poliranje cv-a . 
  rinse and repeat . 
  clan hsls-a ? 
  yep , garmin left in the sun on the bike while at a caffe . 
  it was 41 but i forgot to take a photo before sitting on the bike , and remembered a few minutes later . 
  it was hovering around 30 , still pretty shitty if you are going below 10km/h , 
  definitivno , uopce se necu nadati , koliko god mi bilo drago da ga maknu , mislim da je bolje da ga ne maknu jos. 
  da li po tebi onda gay/trans osobe imaju pravo na invalidninu ? 
  by the way , ocigledno mi je sarkazam ostao neshvacen . 
  as the title says , it was my first audax ride . 
  everyone was pretty hyped up about it and we pushed as hard as we could . 
  due to some beginner mistakes i was dropped a few times , but managed to push and get back to the leading group . 
  8 of us were keeping together up until the last 30-40km . 
  the overall feeling was awesome , at one point i lost all feeling in my legs and just kept on turning the pedals hard . 
  i rode for 7:13 with a total time of 7:58 , which means that we only briefly stopped at the checkpoints , except the last one , where we decided to dry off after the rain washed us . 
  10/10 would do it again , 
  i 'm not sure because i can hardly scrape that much time together for an audax + recovery , but i wo n't rule anything out . 
  i 'd rather go and ride the single day gran fondos , like etape du tour , giro gran fondo and anything else relatively near , that i can go and ride . 
  i 'll definitely ride an 200-300km audax if it 's close by like the one on saturday . 
  but at race tempo ( ok , amateur race tempo ) as this one was , pushing full gas . 
  hahaha , that is a few km after it stopped raining and the garmin went berserk obviously . 
  as it 's mounted out front , it probably picked up some road shit from the riders in front of me and then the barometric sensor said fuck it ,
