  for fun ? 
  also public entertainment of the best possible kind . 
  like a reality show of some kind . 
  i have an edge 520 , garmin connect connected to strava , and i rarely look at the connect website at all . 
  it 's an awesome device , working pretty well in temperatures ranging from 0 to 43 degrees celsius ( the conditions i rode with it on and tracking ) , never had an issue in the last 5000km that i tracked on it . 
  if you do n't need routing , it 's the best device you can buy . 
  delete facebook , lawyer up , hit the gym, 
  ukrast cu ti to za neki blog/talk . 
  play stupid games , win stupid prizes . 
  i 'm a fan of the cork tape , but i also like having new bar tape every 6 months or so . 
  once you have white bar tape on , you notice how dirty and gritty it really gets , no matter how much you wash it . 
  and you put your ( somewhat gloved ) hands on it , yuck . 
  i do run black tape now , the white was a 4 month experiment and i just had to replace it . 
  it takes 10 minutes to rewrap it , after you get the hang of it , and a pretty good cork tape costs under 10 $ on most online shops . 
  it 's not so hard changing it by yourself though . 
  but when you have a life around cycling , the bike gets neglected sometimes . 
  then it gets dirty and ugly . 
  hence the black tape , gets dirty at the same rate , but you notice it less , 
  80 % morgan blue , 20 % windex ( or any generic blue window washing stuff ) , spray lightly on the whole bike except shifters , generously on the drivetrain . 
  a bucket of hot water with generic dishwashing detergent . 
  then i do the procedure described in this gcn video more or less : https://youtu.be/5ak4azluz5q, 
  or to brag how you have a team infrastructure , although you do n't . 
  nice circlejerk material though , 
  brb have to change my bar tape to white again , i mean , get my personal mechanic do it . 
  as soon as i take them off , they go directly to the washing machine . 
  it 's a `` smart '' bosch one , and it 's ok to put only 1kg inside . 
  ~ 40 minute sports wash programme and it 's done . 
  30 celsius if it 's little dirty , 40 if it 's been a wet/sweaty ride . 
  air dry and that 's it . 
  no softener of course . 
  i just use whatever liquid detergent we have at home , dose it appropriately . 
  buying `` cycling specific '' stuff tends to hurt my wallet a lot , and makes no sense . 
  people have been washing dirty , sweaty clothes a long time before $ 40/liter `` cycling '' detergents were `` invented '' ( regular stuff repackaged into smaller containers , labeled as `` cycling specific '' and sold with an insane margin ), 
  kolaboratori vs osloboditelji once again . 
  zombie wall , 
  same old same old . 
  buy a 5000 $ bike and take two weeks off for riding . 
  i have a nice enough scenery around here , and having 8 hours not working every day would be enough to do up to 200km every day . 
  i 'd also have the new shiny bike at the end . 
  or , buy a 4000 $ bike and spend 2w somewhere on the hilly part of the croatian coast in late spring/early autumn . 
  isti shit je podizanje love na `` tudjem '' bankomatu . 
  glitch in the matrix ? 
  a friend developed this one , it might help you https://github.com/api-hogs/ecto-oracle, 
  voljan sam platiti , 
  edit , nema nijenewsbar flair . 
  40 % uf da bar . 
  she is holding it wrong , 
  there should be no difference between 2016 and 2017 models as 2016 is the new ( current ) frame mould . 
  except for the color scheme of course . 
  i 'd buy the custom edition marchand 105 di2 , 
  multitool ( with a chain breaker ) , tyre levers , chain link , a tube , a patch kit , mini pump ( this is on the bike , saddle bag , and a frame mounted pump ) on me i always have an id , some money , phone , at least one water bottle , and if i plan it to be longer than 1 hour , food, 
  this one : http://road.cc/content/review/144747-cube-rfr-multitool-19, 
  it 's pretty slim , has a chain breaker and can tighten/loosen all screws i have on my bikes . 
  also the black thing is a tyre lever , so technically i have 3 tyre levers on the bike, 
  i have the quattro lg 's and they are pretty great . 
  got them pretty cheap as well . 
  not the lightest , or the most aero , but i 've been pretty happy with the racing 3 's i had on the previous bike , and i 'm pretty happy with the quattro 's now . 
  much better than the stock giant wheels that came with the bike . 
  a fellow engineer here . 
  i have a 4iiii precision btle pm and an iphone . 
  i 've installed the app already , and can check if it connects/reads power when i get back home from work . 
  but ca n't produce any real data as it 's snowing here and i opted to buy a power meter instead of a trainer . 
  the weather should clear up in 2 weeks or so , and i 'll be able to test the app on the road then, 
  here is some feedback :, 
  1 ) power zones reset constantly , they hold for a couple of minutes then reset to whatever you set as the default values, 
  2 ) ca n't connect my precision to the app , which works properly in the 4iiii app and strava, 
  ca n't test any more because it ca n't connect . 
  if i could help somehow just shoot and i 'll do my best . 
  e neces bando masonsko gustersko cionisticka !, 
  the subscriber is not available at this moment . 
  mostly because he is pushing daisies . 
  to je za lignje , ne za paprike . 
  while white bar tape looks awesome and super pro , it gets dirty in no time . 
  do n't get me wrong , black bar tape gets dirty as well . 
  but when you wash your black bar tape , it looks clean , white , not so much . 
  i was changing the bar tape often and really liked having clean white bar tape , i 've given up on it and went with black . 
  reason being that i can get my bike clean ( and looking clean ) in a few minutes , and not have to fiddle with tooth paste , abrasive dish soap , or whatever else can get white bar tape to be white ( ish ) again . 
  if your mechanic is cleaning and replacing the tape though , go with whichever colour you think is best , 
  do n't get me wrong , _ dirty _ colour white bar tape on a clean bike means that you a ) ride a lot , b ) maintain the bike regularly . 
  i 'm just too finicky when i get everything else shiny and clean not to have clean looking bar tape . 
  also sweat a lot , plus the roads are pretty dirty themselves ( farmers obviously compete who can pull more mud from the field on the tarmac ) . 
  a mislim da sam ga i vidio nekidan iz auta , 
  awesome bike , saddle is shit though , but you can find a used fizik or whatever works for you for a small amount , as i did . 
  wheels are a bit on the heavier side , but they work pretty well . 
  everything else is awesome , 105 works like a charm , even under pressure . 
  you might want bigger tires , e.g. 
  25mm for added comfort . 
  but buy them only after you run the giant ones to the ground . 
  it 's less wobbly than an aluminum bike i had before it . 
  i do n't know . 
  i rode them for 400km , then got new wheels , sold the pr wheels with tires to a friend who has done at least another 1000km without flats . 
  they are just heavy and i 'm kinda used to 25 's now, 
  yeah , better wheels and 25mm conti gp 's made it into a different bike for me . 
  i hope they last for at least a while more , as they are probably the best wheels/tires my friend had . 
  it 's driver plus 8 passengers max ( b category in the eu ), 
  you should have enough gearing on the bad boy to go up that climb . 
  you ca n't really use momentum all the way up a 3/4 mile hill , but use it to your advantage . 
  just ride as far as you can up the hill , then dismount and walk . 
  try to go just a few meters more next day . 
  if you have time/will , ride a couple of times up/down on weekends .
