  we had open/close times for the checkpoints , and the max avg speed was capped at 40km/h . 
  the finish checkpoint open time was 6.5 hours after the start , for a 221km brevet with ~ 1100m of climbing . 
  i guess i have pretty good genetics for cycling , sadly i figured that out too late . 
  other than that , pretty fast sunday club rides ( 80 + km at ~ 30km/h avg speed ) , intervals training during the winter , climbing a lot when it 's warmer outside and just pushing myself harder and harder . 
  a lot of guys take magnesium supplements to avoid cramping , but i have n't had issues yet . 
  also what you eat/drink on the bike and 3 days before the big ride means a bunch . 
  electrolyte and carbo drinks on the bike , muesli bars , gels , protein bars , water . 
  healthy food off the bike , carb loading for the preceding 3 days and that 's about it . 
  ne vidim nista lose u unistavanju hdza . 
  ftfy, 
  sorry , ali analni seks je god 's loophole . 
  a toliko igra game of power pizdarije da ce frank j. underwood ispasti amater na kraju , samo polako , pusti ih sve da se sami ujebu , ti samo slucajno poguraj nekada . 
  za to je zasluzan izricito orepic . 
  sad je most opet meme . 
  osobno sam bio malo razocaran sto su isli s hdzom , sad sam presretan sto je to bilo tako . 
  edit : milja = tisuca, 
  jel to double luck onda ? 
  username checks out , 
  kod nas je jednostavno neisplativo kupovati , a amazon.uk i . de ih ne salju u hr . 
  i guess they can get a loan from the bank in their own country . 
  although you ca n't really beat our affordable 5 % yearly interest rate real estate loans . 
  srboljub, 
  udban, 
  yeah , this is a pretty valid question with any app/service that is entering a market with a clear leader . 
  why is it better/simpler/faster / more convenient than product x ( strava in this case ) , what shortcomings of x made you do it , why should i , as an end user even try your product if i 'm pretty satisfied with product x ? 
  just trying to help here , this is a pretty basic sales/marketing approach , 
  i believe that pretty much evens out with the smaller overall medical expenses because of healthier lifestyle , better fitness or whatnot . 
  especially if you have to pay for such medical expenses . 
  most je kukavicje jaje hdz-a, 
  most je kukavicje jaje sdp-a ? 
  you can buy this one from croatian telecom around 70 $ :, 
  similar one from vipnet :, 
  i have the usb alcatel router , and it is n't that bad if you 've got nice lte coverage , so i guess the one from croatian telecom will work pretty good . 
  aside from that , i 've been using this as my data plan while at the coast : https://www.hrvatskitelekom.hr/visiting-croatia and i 'm pretty happy with it . 
  connecting 2 laptops , 3 phones and an ipad, 
  i know it breaks your budget , but i 'm not sure that you can buy a regular usb dongle here for 25 $ . 
  kupio sam timberlandice iz shoostera . 
  ponio od doma vape sa tableticama , plus sto sam kupio neki raid tekuci , nije bilo refilla za kupiti za taj night and day . 
  samo dobar dim https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koy5ws-qdwi, 
  koristim stravu ( i garmin connect ) . 
  edit : evo link za ne-premium strava usere : http://www.jonathanokeeffe.com/strava/map.php, 
  my mom ( and sometimes wife ) says the same thing . 
  but i see your flag , i guess we are from the same pot , sort of speak , 
  women and gays obviously , 
  npr . 
  delaju, 
  finally decided to pull the trigger on a full carbon frame , and 105 . 
  i was on the edge of buying the ultegra version , until i tried them both , and did n't notice any difference in shifting . 
  saved some money too , 
  already rode it , it 's pretty crazy , but much more comfortable than the alu orbea i have . 
  tomorrow i 'll hit some semi serious hills with it , and see how it performs under serious load . 
  yeah , white bar tape was n't my primary choice , but it 's on the bike , so i 'll run it till it 's ugly , then replace . 
  tomorrow is the first long ride ( 100 + km ) with it so i 'll see how it behaves . 
  i 've only done some hill reps with it today , barely 30km . 
  i 'm planning to buy a fizik antares , the seat is quite softer than my old selle slr , which is practically a piece of carbon , also maybe put some black/red bar tape , but i guess all of that that can wait till spring , now i 'm gon na enjoy the bike , 
  i was trying to abide to the photo `` rules '' as much as possible  i never cross chain while riding . 
  yeah , compared to the selle i 've got on the orbea , this one feels like my wife 's mom bike seat , but it ' not that bad , really . 
  i think you do n't really need aero wheels unless you are racing , it 's better to get some lightweight ones , like fulcrum 3 or up ( down ) , as the stock giant ones are pretty heavy . 
  of course , this goes unless your rides average at 40 km/h / 25 mph , then you can benefit from aero wheels a lot . 
  of course that i would n't mind having 404 's , but i 'd rather spend that money on a few romantic weekends with my wife . 
  when i buy new summer wheels next spring , i 'll first look at the weight and then maybe at the deeper section wheels . 
  i 've got fulcrum racing 3 on the orbea but i 'm selling them with the bike now . 
  it 's an awesome and pretty light set of wheels , at the price of ~ 300 $ or something . 
  thanks . 
  34 , i do around 100km per week , but try to do more if possible . 
  mostly people around my age or older ride here , except for a couple of 18-25 that are/were trying to get into racing and become pro . 
  cycling is pretty expensive for the standard here , as my `` basic '' carbon bike with a 105 cost 2.5 average monthly net income 's , and that 's with a hefty discount that i 've got for paying it with cash . 
  i ride with a 50 + group , there is only one friend who is 40 . 
  they mostly kick my ass too . 
  lot 's of kilometers in the legs . 
  yeah , there is absolutely no weight penalty when upgrading pr-1 wheels , 
  update on the seat , after a 110km ride today , the seat is just fine , not awesome , it 's still too much padding for me , it will be replaced with some piece of fizik or selle carbon in the spring , together with the wheels . 
   it induces a trance-like state while providing pain relief , sedation , and memory loss . 
  but he needs money ... 
  source : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qz8hefest7c, 
  yeah , 139 is ~ 13 or more bar tapes , as i tend to change them almost on a bi-monthly basis ( they are cheap and get dirty quickly ) , and it 's fun tinkering around the bike , that means 2 years of bar tape for me . 
  and having a fresh clean new bar tape every 60 days or so . 
  it does look awesome , and if i had the money that could be used for heating escobar style , then my $ 15k bike would maybe have these wraps , until then , it 's the ~ $ 10 cork tape for me , 
   what 's in a name ? 
  that which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet . 
  w. s. 
  white one ? 
  white one , 
  more comfortable while riding in the summer , white bar tape does n't get ugly as shit that fast , although i 'm now sporting black one . 
  and when you crash , they have the tendency of keeping your skin attached to your body . 
  in the winter , to keep my fingers from falling off , 
  just get out and ride , i was quite overweight when i started , had ~ 40kg more than i have now , and i still have maybe 5-7 or so to loose by my book . 
  first bike i got was a ~ 300 $ giant mtb which was pretty good , but i managed to crush the rear wheel bearings twice while i was losing weigh . 
  rode in the morning before work , in the evening after work , on the weekends , wearing lycra ( as i found out i ca n't really ride for longer than 30km in regular shorts ) . 
  self consciousness aside , no one normal will ever say anything except encourage you for getting your ass off the ground and starting to do something positive with your health . 
  the people that laugh at you , or give you weird looks are mostly envious because they would just ignore you if it did n't concern how they feel about themselves and then they project their own insecurities on you . 
  maybe get a friend to ride with you , that helps a lot , when you feel down and do n't want to go out just because . 
  i 've started with ~ 120kg , my friend was riding his bike when he was 170 , we really did n't give a shit about what someone thought about two fat guys riding their bikes , we just rode . 
  to end this , have fun on the bike , and remember that you ca n't outrun/outpedal your fork , healthy diet comes first , and it 's the staple of weight loss/healthy life . 
  awesome looking kit , would you be so kind to share the link where you got it from ? 
  dude , 408 in 12 hours is a sick average speed . 
  kudos for that . 
  sad mogu i do norveske skocit , 
  kad se bavis marketingom ciljas prvo na instinkte , onda na emocije , tek onda na razum . 
  this chart is great , my right cleat was pushing my leg too much to the inside , had outside right knee pain after 50km or so a year ago .
