this one , of course, 
  one of my favorite seinfeld quotes :, 
  do n't you know what it means to become an orgy guy ? 
  it changes everything . 
  i 'd have to dress different . 
  i 'd have to act different . 
  i 'd have to grow a mustache and get all kinds of robes and lotions and i 'd need a new bedspread and new curtains i 'd have to get thick carpeting and weirdo lighting . 
  i 'd have to get new friends . 
  i 'd have to get orgy friends . 
  ... naw , i 'm not ready for it . 
  you should try [ endomondo ] ( http://www.endomondo.com ) great way to track your exercises and even have challenges with friends . 
  motivates me to ride even more , and it 's not only bike based , there is a large selection of sports you can compete in . 
  just need a gps smartphone and you are off . 
  this . 
  plagiarized story ( have seen everything in dune already , do n't really know how much time ago ), 
  but i liked the cgi stuff really , never did figure out a way to fap to it , so ... 
  first 6 times i have watched it , it did seem a little dull , then i figured out the storyline and all came in it 's place . 
  love the movie , and have always thought everyone else did . 
  i 'm not familiar with cpk soup ( not from the usa ) , but i can give you my recipe . 
  peel and cut 2 potatoes into little cubes , so it will cook in about 20 minutes or so . 
  cut some of the leek into circles ( this is for decoration , as you will not be blending these later ) . 
  put the bigger pieces in with the potatoes in some water ( 7.5 dl , idk the us measures ) . 
  after 10 or so minutes add the leek circles . 
  season to taste , i use salt and pepper mostly , nothing else really . 
  after 10 more minutes cooking , take everything out , separating the leek circles from the rest , put the rest in a blender and blend . 
  at this point , you can cook it for about 2 or so minutes , so it will link better . 
  put it in a plate , add some cream ( sour one ) and place the circles on the top . 
  if it 's too watery add one more potato ( play with this , so you can have a almost perfect measure that suits you . 
  eng is not my native language , so sorry if i named something wrong , 
  edit : this is the base for all cream soups i make , you can also use broccoli , cauliflower , wild mushrooms etc. 
  parsley is a must , just the leaves of course , for decoration, 
  oh my , you do n't cut a roasted pig that way , you are wasting so much , 
  it is pretty common to spit roast a pig where i come from . 
  for birthdays , weddings and almost every festivity there is a spit roasted pig on the table . 
  edit : just saw it was stuffed , what did he stuff it with ? 
  recipes please , 
  it tastes best to do just that . 
  when i was a kid , we always ate one of the back legs , just after it was done . 
  everything else had to be cooled for some reason . 
  and people here eat it that way , cut it up into little pieces and cool for a day . 
  then it is eaten , never did like it cold though, 
  this . 
  i thought shit must be involved in an ultimate taboo . 
  maybe he had shit just on the tip ? 
  here it may be the case of dirty rodriguez , hence the prior anal . 
  i 'm using endomondo , having fun with the challenges with my friends . 
  not only cycling , you can track almost everything you can think of . 
  and it 's free for all smartphones , have n't seen any ads on it , that is also a plus . 
  in croatia , where i 'm from , it 's perfectly legal to ride on a sidewalk if you are riding at pedestrian speed , i suppose that 's < 6-7km / h , then you are automatically considered a pedestrian . 
  crossing the road at a pedestrian crossing , you must walk , i have had some instances when a cop car would stop to let the pedestrians go , and i would ride across with them , at their speed . 
  and the cop showed me with his fingers that i should walk across , i do n't think it 's in the law though ... 
  the cops should be more considerate about this things . 
  they have your record and should give you a warning if it 's your first time doing something not dangerous to other . 
  driving after sunset without lights , i have never done it , at first i consider myself , and my own visibility , i do n't want to get hit by a car if the driver ca n't see me ... 
  edit : so , riding without lights is dangerous , mostly for you , the driver in the car that hits you , wo n't feel a thing ... 
  sorry for the shitty picture , it 's taken on a mobile phone , i will take a photo with my camera tomorrow and post it here . 
  yes i know it has everything on it , and i do n't care , it is awesome . 
  the bike was laying in his basement for 10 years , sadly , and he gave it to me after my offer to buy it from him . 
  where do you see a t necklace on her , i tried a few times and di n't see anything ? 
  * 1 part mayo, 
  * 1 part sour cream, 
  * pressed garlic to taste, 
  * cut parsley for seasoning, 
  * eventually some tiny cut pickles but not all the time, 
  * pepper to taste, 
  * salt to taste, 
  bike theft is very low here , however seatpost and seat theft from quick release levers are at high right now , someone did it to me too a few monts ago . 
  but that was from my mountain bike that is 2 years old . 
  that does happen to me too sometimes , riding , then passing a cafe and staying there for awhile unplanned . 
  but i have just ordered some led lights from ebay for i think $ 3 with shipping , have them on my other bike and they last a complete season with just 6aaa batteries . 
  here it 's probably the best thing you can do considering safety . 
  and not ride on public streets on weekends after 10pm ( lots of dui ), 
  saving water by peeing in the shower is probably the best thing you can do . 
  you do n't need to waste another 10-15 liters of water just to take a piss before the shower . 
  also a web developer here , and i think oauth from any kind is in best words not good , too much trouble to give that convenience to the user , and too much problems with it . 
  i tend to stick with standard username ( email ) / password combo . 
  final user is the one you need to satisfy , g already has an awesome ad network and they will implement this , but it 's not about satisfying the paying people at g , it 's about creating followers that will speak good of you and spread the word . 
  simple is the king , keep it simple stupid always works . 
  the former of course , and every girl is attractive to someone . 
  there is no fun with a lazy do nothing girlfriend , even if she is a top model or something like that . 
  beauty fades with age , kinkyness increases , which one do you prefer ? 
  i 'm always for the one i have more fun with . 
  not only in asia , this kind of toilet was very popular in the ex-commie countries . 
  i 'm from one too . 
  when i was doing my mandated regular service in the army 10 years ago , we had them too . 
  easiest thing to clean very reliable and germ safe for you , only the soles of your shoes touch something `` funny '' . 
  really did n't have to get used to this , i do n't remember when i `` visited '' the first one really , having gone to vacation resorts with my parents since i was 3 months old , 
  my mother does them this way , she has a galician heritage on the both sides of her family ( region between poland and ukraine ) . 
  she also puts cottage cheese with the potato/onion filling , and they are awesome to eat . 
  i do n't like the sauerkraut filled ones either , 
  oh yes , this is the way i like them too maybe add some fine chopped bacon to the `` dressing '' and you have a mouthgazm , 
  you mean on endomondo ? 
  yeah , that 's croatian , my native tongue, 
  yes , first time i have done it . 
  65km on friday , today we pushed it and it 's done . 
  next milestone is 150km , i hope i will accomplish it by the end of the summer . 
  last 15km were hell , me yelling at my legs that were shutting down , my friend laughing as hell , going 30kmh to push the time . 
  we were late for lunch , and got hell from our so 's , 
  thank you , yes 100miles is one of the next milestones , maybe this summer if there is time to train . 
  even when you are not just commuting , out for a ride , so madly waiting at home , and you just want to squeeze at least a dozen kilometers more , knowing she will be mad at home , but it does n't matter at all ,
