  it 's alcatel w800z : http://www.alcatelonetouch.com/global-en/products/mobile_broadband/ot-w800.html, 
  you can check the coverage here : https://www.hrvatskitelekom.hr/karta-pokrivenosti, 
  q : what the frenchmen can do in 5 minutes ? 
  a : surrender twice . 
  sad kad krenu rudarit bitcoine s njim , 
  ftfy, 
  poslovna literatura , marketing , it , design , pisanje i slicno sto se tice _ ozbiljnih _ stvari . 
  ostalo sve kindle . 
  kod njih su sad isto izbori , pa im slucajno upala sjekira u med s ovim _ incidentom _, 
  garmin , tom tom ili bilo sta drugo . 
  za nesto drugo . 
  mislim da je ovaj model : http://www.euro-unit.hr/index.php/webshop/klavijature/elektricni-pianino/yamaha-ydp-142r-614-euro-unit-music-shop, 
  eto to je to od tableta , 
  edit : jebiga , nista od cirkusa . 
  i have a trekking bike for the `` dad bike '' , finally got myself a proper road bike for when daddy goes out riding alone for a couple of hours . 
  is n't it too much stressful for the frame or wheels or something , when you put the child seat + child ( 25 + kg in my case ) on a road bike ? 
  this is a picture from yesterday 's metric century ride , on the first summit . 
  just took a quick one and did n't notice the trash around the stop sign . 
  going up a 6 % climb with a dog chasing me would be at the top of my list . 
  happened a couple times already , at different places and gradients , but coincidentally ( or not ) the same dog breed . 
  friend once had to hit the dog with his shoe to give up from chasing us , and trying to bite his leg . 
  this is the dog breed : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croatian_sheepdog, 
  probably should be called the psycho sheepdog or something . 
  i 've never encountered an old one that did n't try biting me , puppies on the other hand are really cute . 
  i 've also seen the less smart specimens run over by trucks , while trying to bite the wheels on a moving truck . 
  yeah , my son is around 17kg plus the child seat . 
  although i do have an excuse for having a proper road bike , and a fairly good cross bike , 
  also my seat attaches to the seat tube only , and that was what i was afraid of most . 
  i absolutely love those , waking up at 5am , then going outside at 5:40 and being greeted by the rising sun a couple of minutes later . 
  feeling the morning chill first , then the sun warming you up on the way back . 
  something similar here , a 45 km ( 28 miles ) ride with about 600 metres ( 2000 feet ) of climbing . 
  it takes me ~ 1 hour and 45 minutes , and i believe it 's the best way to start the day . 
  i do have a shorter flat route but i 'm avoiding it due to cows on the road in the early morning , 
  nice try mup person trying to pose as an australian for six months , 
  ahh , damn , sorry , had to run after the kid because i turned my back to the slide . 
  i 'll take a drive side one tomorrow , 
  what , the bike or the seat . 
  bike is ktm fun road 2014 , if i remember correctly . 
  i could look at the manual but i do n't know where i put it . 
  haha , when you said you have no kids , i assumed you did n't want the seat , 
  it 's hamax kiss , this one http://www.hamax.com/child-bike-seat/classic-collection/kiss, 
  a i prolupas sam , posebno na duzim turama . 
  as i 've promised yesterday . 
  here is the drive side http://imgur.com/9h0wfp6, 
  engleska kraljica , ili obama , ili bilo tko pita how did you like our country ? 
  prioriteti ... , 
  naravno da u krscanstvu postoji jos jedan loophole : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hbaqlcmdca, 
  on je krao al je i nama dao bla bla . 
  i ca n't run away from myself , so croat with a strong link to the values of the country i 'm residing in . 
  but generally i do n't think that the place where you are born should define your life values . 
  i would n't go out of my way to either seek or avoid croatian specific communities . 
  the things that interest me have no relation to nationality whatsoever , so if we have the same interests , great , if not , to each their own . 
  married , but if i was n't , i would n't have any preference whatsoever about it . 
  it 's the mindset that matters more that where someone was born . 
  i already have a child , he does n't have a croatian specific name . 
  i would do the same as i 'm doing right now . 
  a mix of my culture , mix of my spouse 's culture , and the country we are currently living in . 
  knowing one more language never harmed anyone , so i would teach them croatian , why not , but also their mother 's language ( if we were from different countries ) . 
  i believe that they are not prevalent among others . 
  i was raised in a somewhat traditional croatian environment , but i grew out of it when i started to travel around and met different people . 
  my view of the traditional croatian is faux religious , xenophobic , homophobic , conservative , traditionalist , and somewhat hypocrite ( describing the place i grew up and in a lesser extent , the place i live now . 
  i ca n't claim that for other places , because i did n't live there long enough to know . ), 
  also , / r/croatia is not really a representative of the mindset i see around myself ( see above ) . 
  i would move to a place where the majority has similar world views to mine . 
  i would prefer the english speaking countries , but i do n't have any objections to learning a new language if i really like the place and decide to stay there . 
  za hrpu toga moras imati windowse , sa egzoticnim verzijama ie . 
  edit : nemogu prestat s rantom sad . 
  naravno da je to netto iznos , na koji se mora platiti poreze/doprinose and shit . 
  is n't that japanese underground bike storage even safer ? 
  if you want something mounted somewhere , i would pick an invisible underground parking over a locking pole anytime . 
  i ca n't see any other way other from riding clipless and not having pointy sharp bits on your pedals to cut your leg in this fashion when your shoe slips from the pedal . 
  my reasoning :, 
  - shoe ( generally ) wo n't slip from clipless, 
  - the clipless pedals do n't have pointy bits protruding from them to cause this kind of damage . 
  although you might experience of tipping over if you forget to unclip ( has n't happened to me , at least not yet ) , it 's much less painful than the op 's case . 
  edit : wording, 
  znam da spotify ne radi , apple music ne radi . 
  ja koristim spotify na desktopu , preko tunela , nemam potrebe za premium , ali cim skuzim kako instalirati na mobu , uzet cu premium ( kao uk ili neki drugi customer , zaboli me iskreno kako ) . 
  otprilike tako , mi smo imali duke nukem 3d i mazali smo multiplayer . 
  jebiga , sad se borim za nesto vaznije od ideala . 
  exactly , to gdje sam se slucajno rodio me ne osudjuje na jedenje govana do kraja zivota , a bome ni moje potomke . 
  utopija , ahh, 
  jesmo sad na listi ? 
  if you 've got the cash for it , this is the ultimate present , i kinda wish my son will get something like it for me in a couple of decades :, 
  also helps if your dad loves wine . 
  ovo je super , bas sam to cekao . 
  pinarello f8w and ~ 6w/kg, 
  both are not achievable in the near future , but a man can dream , 
  i plan to do 5000 km in 2016 , that would be more or less 200 hours on a bike . 
  i 'm just back to cycling this year with a bit over 2000 km after a 3 year new child day related break . 
  i also want to climb at least 50000 m which will be more fun for me than the distance i 'm planning to cover , 
  de dobro je , reforme !!!!! 111 !! 1 !, 
  loool, 
  za dobru placu . 
  sad mi se ne da vise . 
  ja placam spotify , ali opet hakeraj sa vpn/us app store pizdarije . 
  ne vpn-am vise otkad imam premium . 
  spotify zato jer me ekipa s kojom radim navukla na to , pa sheramo playliste i slicno . 
  can confirm , infinum i five su dvije najbolje web firme u kojima mozes raditi u hr . 
  sad samo pogadjam jedan long term i onda ne radim nis drugo iducih 6mj do godinu dana .
