  needless to say , i 'll be busy that day . 
  that could , potentially , become the club capital of europe . 
  fuck all you guys . 
  there . 
  balance . 
  insert the ones on the left into the one on the right , mmmmm . 
  mayo without eggs is an abomination, 
  he deserves to be horse whipped . 
  i know . 
  i ca n't see any flowers , nice curtains , wallpaper or anything . 
  fuck no . 
  this is n't the eurovision ffs . 
  maybe they can try after they leave palestine . 
  swedish police do n't know how many there were . 
  they do n't know who they were . 
  they do n't know where they are from . 
  three things i do n't believe . 
  this . 
  i 'd love to see how they 'd do if they were using dm 's . 
  effectively , everyone else is subsidising them . 
  yet , they still have the audacity to pontificate about other countries ' perceived failings . 
  piece of shit . 
  i 'm going to be busy that day . 
  irish and american . 
  ca n't see this being much of an issue . 
  why not ? 
  i am . 
  demand . 
  ok , so the game is rigged in germany 's favor . 
  shamefully , in my opinion . 
  and frau merkel 's response : `` therefore , we will have no influence over the choices made by the ecb . 
  so i can not either , in the situation as it is , ** and i do not want to change anything . 
  ** '' my emphasis . 
  so much for fairness . 
  do n't get me started on what they 've done to greece . 
  next time that bitch speaks , he should sit behind her giving the masturbation gesture . 
  next , they can start name calling and perhaps spitting at one another . 
  the race to the bottom is on !, 
  this article is wrong from start to finish . 
  if the german economy was using the deutschmark , the dm would be strong , as is the german economy . 
  german exports would drop due to the prohibitively strong dm . 
  as it stands , germany is taking advantage of a relatively weak euro . 
  their exports are cheaper and the german economy is booming . 
  because the other members of the eu are effectively subsidising their exports . 
  and the icing on the shit cake is merkel and her bullshit `` it 's not us , it 's them '' . 
  who wins , angela ? 
  you and germany do , at everyone else 's expense . 
  ` decisive riposte ' , my ass . 
  can i join in ? 
  it would be b.i.g. 
  yeah , effectively , every member state is subsidising german exports . 
  i name my toilet ` cameron ' before i shit into it . 
  i thought that the security guy was awesome and spot on . 
  hello , warsaw , my old friend, 
  not really , clintons have that blood on their hands , not him . 
  what does that mean ? 
  it 's a yes or no question . 
  i do n't need to go to turkey for that . 
  plunder and depredation is only the tip of our iceberg . 
  if i had three quid ... ... . 
  i like limeys . 
  their tv is generally better than the shit we have . 
  they ca n't play the sports they invented very well . 
  but i like limeys . 
  they create their own ghettoes . 
  then moan about how they are discriminated against by being forced to love in the shithole that they created . 
  get a new house , rinse and repeat . 
  stealing and begging is not assimilation . 
  hopefully . 
  what a massive gobshite . 
  would you lik to be fried with that ? 
  maybe , they should burn the books . 
  i mean , it 's been a while . 
  he really sounds like a psycho . 
  `` i want to join europe . 
  really . '', 
  `` actually , i want to bomb europe , my bad . '', 
  chemical weapons tend to spoil the flavor somewhat . 
  take your rose cloured spectacles off . 
  no corruption , lol . 
  it 'll happen . 
  devolution in progress . 
  i just subscribed to both / r/spain and / r/espana . 
  in your face , garcia . 
  i wish we had fiestas like that in ireland . 
  instead , everyone ( almost ) gets trashed on dia de san patricio . 
  cabrones . 
  he 's still a fucking blueshirt asshole . 
  the infamous , shameless bastards . 
  the catholic church is up to it 's eyes in gold , jewels and priceless works of art and they put out the begging bowl . 
  sadly , they 're not the only one . 
  your post proves you 're a masochistic asshole . 
  the rest of us are just fine , thank you . 
  will someone please make derogatory comments about swiss courts , so i can ` like ' them . 
  in the meantime , i will stop eating swiss rolls . 
  this is what corruption looks like . 
  did you not read the article ? 
  `` european food safety authority dismissed a study linking glyphosate to cancer following counsel with an epa official allegedly linked to the company and who figures in more than 20 lawsuits '' counsel with some shady , monsanto-linked shill counts for more than the results of a study . 
  maybe , they 'll be as upright and honest as , say , volkswagen ? 
  this is a disgrace .
