it 's inevitable . 
  you leave your front door open , sooner or later someone nasty will walk through it . 
  polish women are far better looking . 
  awesome stuff . 
  ` real ' peanut butter is best but it 's a pain in the arse having to stir it before eating . 
  worth it for the taste . 
  get ` enhanced ' with copious amounts of alcohol and then , when fully prepared , slobber over girls who want nothing to do with you . 
  they 're busy over in donetsk . 
  oh , wait , they 're doing nothing over there either . 
  what an asshole . 
  nz rejected ` refugees ' from kiribati because there 's no immediate danger . 
  probably no danger at all . 
  but higgins knows better than they do . 
  what a load of wank . 
  other attendees invited included ex-un secretary-general kofi annan , former president mary robinson , religious leaders and ex-california governor arnold schwarzenegger . 
  ne'er a scientist among them . 
  here we go with ze orders . 
  the eu has ` fail ' stamped all over it in big red letters . 
  they say that the measure of a country is how well they treat the least of their citizens . 
  apply the same to the eu and we can see that no one gives a shit about greece . 
  to subject that country to further austerity is nothing short of criminal . 
  dear germany , people are beginning to wake up to your incompetence and selfishness . 
  you never gave anyone a nickel . 
  that was originally supposed to happen this year but they decided to keep fucking everyone a bit longer . 
  guess what they 'll say in 2017 ? 
  the law states that refugees must seek asylum wherever in europe they land . 
  their human rights can be respected there . 
  seems the law is n't very convenient for you . 
  why ? 
  they 're illegal . 
  what part of the law is unclear ? 
  corsicans are irony-proof . 
  the austerity medicine that has the rest of europe coming up roses . 
  fuck that . 
  do what australia did and send all illegal refugees back . 
  they stopped going over in boats after that . 
  dissolve it . 
  an absolute disaster from the start . 
  more bullshit from someone who does n't know or live near gypsies . 
  because , you never know , you might run into me . 
  at what ? 
  ** false ** claims of antisemitism has rocked labour 's self-belief . 
  in europe ? 
  and he 's the only peace prize winner to bomb other peace prize winners . 
  sadly ? 
  you 've never eaten paella with rabbit . 
  i 'm sure all refugees will find comfort in awful people in an awful show singing awful words to shit songs . 
  can cut !, 
  can open bottle !, 
  what more need ? 
  why ? 
  that bitch is largely responsible for the wave of terrorism . 
  if it votes , fuck it . 
  given the choice between believing a person or the media , i 'll go with the person . 
  that assumes an awful lot , that these ` cheap ' imports are being bought in europe . 
  germany does n't export anywhere else ? 
  also , german goods are generally seen as high quality , high price goods . 
  mercedes , krupp , braun etc. 
  $ 20 's are ` blue drinking vouchers ' . 
  expert . 
  at what ? 
  seems to me that , without a relatively weak euro , the germans would instead have a very strong deutchmark . 
  a strong deutchmark would ruin their export trade . 
  so , the rest of the eu subsidises the german economy . 
  so that they can lecture the rest of us about fiscal responsibility . 
  bono & bob geldof . 
  no love for iceland ? 
  monty python , games they do n't play very well , basic decency and interesting money . 
  and leading the way out of europe , i love you all . 
  yeah , yeah , yeah , tired of this shit . 
  like salami with sugar in top . 
  i hope to see irexit . 
  along with the others . 
  they need us more than we need them and i 'm sick and tired of the tail wagging the dog . 
  all the gypsy ones are in ireland , begging and robbing . 
  ugh , `` elderly couple pasta '' sounds disgusting . 
  and which of these are points raised by farage ? 
  you 've a lot in common with andriukaitis . 
  i like the way andriukaitis argued against farage 's points . 
  wait , no , he did n't . 
  a few insults and some bullshit . 
  i 'd like to see andriukaitis debate farage . 
  i bet farage would wipe the floor with him . 
  you 're obviously not in touch with your feminine side . 
  like me , pretty much . 
  not a chance . 
  and they wo n't eat local food . 
  mcdonalds all the way . 
  the it pushing their agenda , as is becoming more and more common for them . 
  i particularly enjoyed this nugget : `` but it turns out that the single currency made things cheaper , at least when we travel to other euro-zone countries . '', 
  i wonder will the barca fans be able to bring their flags to the game when they 're in the french league . 
  also , fuck the king . 
  trump has no blood on his hands , unlike clinton . 
  i 've no love for trump but that is a shitty , fear-mongering article . 
  good people , sick of being confused with roma . 
  yep , more fascism is what we need . 
  another swindle . 
  when told the reason for daylight saving time , the old indian said : `` only a white man would believe that you could cut a foot off the top of a blanket and sew it to the bottom of a blanket and have a longer blanket . 
  ( author unknown ), 
  what a waste of time .
