  you can check the lists [ here ] ( http://www.parlament.hu/kepviselok-listaja-egy-adott-idopontban ) . 
  i do remember 1956 , however , i ca n't look inside your head to figure out what exactly you were referring to . 
  i 've noticed this with people who pull to the left , they all fantasize about experiencing these big , historic revolutions , while not realizing that their issues are not as significant as those were , back in the day . 
  were things anyone could easily embrace , while `` i stand with ceu '' gets absolutely no interest from people outside of budapest . 
  what are you doing for your desired revolution ? 
   the image that hungary used to stand for while it was under soviet rule could you elaborate ? 
   why is n't hungary finally getting the fuck out the eu ? 
  it 's not like anyone wants to keep that trashy , xenophobic country in the union that does nothing but sucking the money out of other members . 
  that 's because most of our voters are pro eu , including our government . 
   the seeds for what is happening now were sown during those plants were well watered during obama 's years too . 
   devos oh yeah , i just google 'd her , it says she 's an `` american businesswoman , philanthropist and activist '' . 
  [ those are the worst !, 
  ] ( http://theduran.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/george-soros.jpg ), 
   they also messed up with education , now you have a public that can not differentiate facts from fox news are you suggesting , that trump and the republicans changed something in the education system since he 's been sworn in on the 20th of january , and it already had an effect on the adult public ? 
  the hungarian conservative government does not expect votes from the scottish fascists , therefore they can get fucked . 
   he also still has to learn a lot . 
  you just do n't push around the representative of another country . 
  inb4 this is upvoted to the top , because ` trump is rude , he must learn ! ' . 
  this is the same sub that was drooling over juncker when he slapped orb\u00e1n . 
  i know , that 's another reason why it is pointless to accept them anyway . 
  a few years ago we were told they are the key to our aging population . 
  now , the burden must be shared . 
  they want to artificially create a social group inside every eu country , a group of people who hold similar views , have the exact same needs , and vote the exact same way , and potentially outbreed native europeans in every country . 
  the hell with that . 
  if we really want to help them , why do n't we bring help to them , instead of bringing them to help ? 
  also , we ca n't help everybody , so we must be very strict on who exactly are we helping . 
  right now this does n't seem to be the case . 
  you assume germany will deport them back to the mena countries they are from , instead of the countries they were assigned to . 
  then seriously , what 's the point ? 
  they would leave with the first train . 
  it would be a waste of infrastructure , and so on ... 
  orb\u00e1n has spent perhaps a whole year now complaining about how the eu officials are evil and bad , and how glorious hungary has to `` stop brussels '' . 
  the fact that eu officials came to the conclusion to sanction hungary shows how little they know about orb\u00e1n 's political tactics . 
  this is exactly what he wants . 
  he wants to be sanctioned for ignoring `` demands '' made by the union , while he places his voters ' opinion first . 
  if we were sanctioned , he could parade himself saying `` i warned you '' , and he would win even more effortlessly than it looks like right now . 
   are you still a democracy ? 
  yes , next year is election year , ca n't wait to vote !, 
   when will hungary adopt western values instead of just taking western european money ? 
  aaah , this thing again . 
  listen , we did n't decide to give us money , you know ? 
  you western guys made a bad decision when you thought we are chameleons who blend into their surroundings . 
   your whole country is essentially everything bad people claim about immigrants . 
  do you mean our whole country is illegal ? 
   there are no sources that support your claim . 
  which claim ? 
  lawmakers can make anything legal , that 's their purpose . 
  you might need global cooperation of lawmakers to rule public beheading legal , but the procedure is there . 
  we could urge our lawmakers to somehow make these specific activities of these ngos illegal . 
  again , this would only require an eu decision , so it is possible . 
   smugglers is being going for years and a large number of public prosecutors could not find evidence of any relationship . 
  which completely baffles me . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm a steppe born pleb , who knows nothing about sea travel , but i would assume , it 's not that difficult to investigate boats when they 're arriving at your shores . 
  also , i believe it 's pretty easy to spot ships on the sea , while they 're coming . 
  it 's not like they can hide behind bushes or something . 
  once you find the boats filled with people , you have suspected criminals , who are helping them . 
   and do n't bring the example of australia please , the difference is clear . 
  open a map . 
  off-shore immigration offices and strict immigration control are working , look at australia . 
  the difference is clear , they are a sovereign country who does what 's best for themselves . 
  not a million headed hydra , where everyone is nervously looking at the other heads , being afraid to cross an imaginative line . 
  from the comment i assumed he 's running as a local representative . 
  when i choose which one i vote for , i 'm usually interested in their politics , not their career . 
  ( think about how zuckerberg and trump are both ceos , and the difference in politics . ), 
   there 's this pesky little thing called `` sovereignty '' and just because a boat is coming from libya does not mean that you 're allowed to tow it back . 
  okay . 
  does that also mean you ca n't just sail or walk into another country ? 
  sorry about that , i just posted the first thing youtube threw my way after a search . 
  technically , you 're asking the lawmakers to come up with a solution that does n't break any laws . 
  they could literally make anything `` legal '' , if they wanted . 
  secondly , if we limit the activity of some ngos , and stop them from providing [ uber service on the mediterranean ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjioynufts0 ) , it would help , and we would n't break any laws either . 
  we could set up official migration offices ( with temporary housing ) in foreign ( outside of eu ) countries , and deny anyone from migrating who does n't come through our own offices . 
  this way human traffickers would go out of business too . 
   his first interview as a politician went quite well . 
   he managed to escape political questions quite well . 
  what was the point of the interview of a political candidate then ? 
  we have a lot of conservative-minded people , who 's only option is these two . 
  on the other hand , there 's like a dozen liberal-leftist parties to choose from . 
  people who decide to abandon fidesz will likely have only one party to vote for , unless they come to terms with more liberal things . 
  until you read the article and realise , the only party who significantly grew was jobbik . 
   sorros is getting critical attention just because he is jewish . 
  if that were the case , he would n't be the only one getting `` critical attention '' . 
  i 've made a quick [ graph of the people in hungary by gender by age group \\ ( ksh 2011 \\ ) ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jxaryph.png ) . 
  i 'm going to assume , by `` elderly '' you mean [ people over 60 or 65 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_age ) . 
  according to this ksh data , there 's 2 331 111 people above 60 , and 5 565 324 between 20 and 59 . 
  how can the elderly decide the elections ? 
  why are n't younger people participate actively if they feel under-represented in our elections ? 
  people who downvoted this comment are the same people who do n't understand how orb\u00e1n stays in power . 
  they should read your comments , you summed it up well . 
  i do , actually . 
  you do n't get to lead successful businesses if you 're stupid in every way . 
  unless of course corruption is involved ( thinking about our favourite gas man and mayor ) , but he seems to be clear from that . 
  i mean , he 's been in the spotlight for a good 30 years , if anyone had dirt on him , it would have surfaced during the election . 
  the best they had on him was that hot mic thing . 
  he somehow managed to hire the best people for the campaign , and he somehow managed to get elected too . 
  either he himself figured out how , or someone he convinced to help him did it for him . 
  i consider these signs of intelligence . 
  i 'm open for the idea that he was chosen by a secret group who actually run the elections in the us , and they just shifted everything in his favour , but i would need some kind of proofs for this to believe it . 
  luckily , our elections are not decided by reddit upvotes . 
   he 's funding things like `` gender studies ? '',
