   social cooperation and automation . 
  i guess someone cleans your house , it may be you or one of your relatives or your loved one , now expand it to your neighborhood . 
  you can meet and democratically divide the work to keep your area clean . 
  i would democratically never clean anyone else 's house , because i did n't spend my time in education to be required to clean . 
  i would rather pay for someone to do it for me . 
  i wo n't go into the neighbourhood , because i think you mean it in a larger spectrum , a whole city . 
  if not , imagine my neighbourhood being in a rich area , where nobody wants to do cleaning . 
   also for mines this is a non problem . 
  now barely 1 % of the population is involved in mining . 
  you can easily automate most of it and pay a decent salary for the remaining jobs . 
  how does the automation in mines would affect the salary of the remaining jobs ? 
  they are different companies . 
  it would only work , if everyone was paid by their government instead of private companies . 
  it would n't affect a teacher 's salary , it would n't affect a self employed butcher 's salary . 
  it could only lower the cost of hiring people for the companies . 
  this would lead to disaster . 
  imagine the huge companies , who no longer have to pay humans for their labour . 
  they stay rich , because they produce the same product or service they produced before , only cheaper because your automation worked . 
  now you want to tax them , to provide for everyone 's ubi . 
  you made them make the huge investment to buy machines , and then you expect them to also `` employ '' their workers . 
   why would you turn to crime if your life necessities are met ? 
  because humans are greedy . 
  people have been driven by their desires , not their life necessities . 
  why do people steal bicycles ? 
  to meet their life necessities ? 
  no , thief does n't have a bike , he sees you have a bike . 
  he sees he can take it away when you do n't look . 
  he does . 
  now he has a bike . 
  did n't even have to work for it , did n't have to save money , just be clever about it . 
  police wo n't find it if you repaint it , nobody cares about bikes . 
   ubi means universal . 
  everyone gets it no matter their income or employment status . 
  there is no incentive in remaining unemployed . 
  what is the incentive now , to remain unemployed ? 
  people still do it . 
  free money = no trouble , no stress , no responsibility . 
  who would n't take free money ? 
  universal basic income means depending on my government , which is full of corrupt fucks as it is . 
  no thanks . 
  i want my government as far from my business as it is possible . 
  i do n't want to pay more taxes , to receive free money from them . 
  i want to pay less taxes for my work , i want to go through less bureaucracy when i employ someone , i do n't want to pay more in taxes for employing them . 
  why do you think your government will always be honest to you ? 
  why do you think , your government will always be able to provide you with this universal basic income ? 
  what if opec countries drive oil prices up to the skies ? 
  what happens if we start to run out of fresh water ? 
  there 's so many reasons one would want to avoid being a dependent on their government , i honestly do n't understand why would this be desirable . 
  right now we have unemployment all around europe . 
  why do n't people work ? 
  companies do n't pay enough ? 
  how could they , if you increase their taxes to finance your ubi ? 
   merging all welfare programs for example , people can get welfare in hungary for raising a given amount of children , or more . 
  i believe it 's the same in many countries . 
  you can quickly realize this does not affect every family in hungary . 
  how could it be cheaper to aggregate all similar welfares , and give the money that was used for these , to literally everyone ? 
   the best taxt to tackle the problem is an added value tax , so a tax not on income or vat that weights on the worker , but a tax on the surplus value produced by said worker what is the surplus value produced by a cleaner ? 
  delivery guy ? 
  teacher ? 
  any medical worker , like nurses , surgeons and so on ? 
  a business mogul who 's investments can make a difference in the global market ? 
   the advantage of such tax is that it would also cover robotic labour . 
  besides the fact that you ca n't do everything with robots , you have no idea how much it would cost to make those robots , and replace every single worker in difficult jobs with robots , so when you claim it would cover robotic labour , you are talking about your hopes , but not provable facts . 
   and start their own businesses or finally have the stability to go and educate themselves . 
  there are already people living in my country , who decide not to work , because it 's easier to breed at home , and take the welfare for 10 kids , and raise them in hellholes , while living off of the welfare provided by the government . 
  these people would not run any sort of businesses , and they would n't go to education either . 
  why would they ? 
  they do n't need it , they can survive from the basic income . 
  if it 's even more than the bare minimum they need , they can put it together as a big family , and go on vacations . 
  this is a happy utopian idea which has no chance to work , because we the people in general are terrible . 
  i think you should google it , to prove your point , which was  a single simple program is much cheaper than dozens of different welfare institutions with their burocracy and rules and controls, 
   you think our country is so innocent ? 
  our country ? 
  what country are you talking about ? 
  innocent ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
   in the market you will have 2 potential buyers . 
  one of them is like robin hood , buys your product but sells to the other potential buyer for half the price . 
  how many robin hoods do you know ? 
  would you be one of them ? 
  why do n't you do it right now ? 
  could you buy stuff for me , please ? 
  i would pay you half the price . 
   there is no such thing as unwillingness to work . 
  you have n't been to eastern europe my friend . 
  visit us sometime , but do n't stay in the cities , go to the east . 
   a better question is how do we get people involved in what they do yes , that 's a great question . 
  how do you get people involved in scrubbing dirt off of things ? 
  how do you get people involved in working in mines ? 
  with money . 
  there are jobs , which are so shitty , nobody would do if they can earn close the amount for doing nothing . 
   how many more people would start businesses ? 
  how many more would go into research ? 
  how many would turn to crime ? 
   more convenient to stay unemployed rather than working there are already people who exploit every kind of government provided welfare . 
  if they receive more money by being divorced , they divorce , but they keep living in the same house together , to collect every cent they can get , while they decide not to work . 
  do n't try to explain to me they would n't take free money in a heart beat . 
   i do n't imagine any other reason why it is n't implemented apart from everybody wanting to continue funneling away money through existing systems . 
  how about this for a reason : our government does n't even have money to spend it on government run hospitals . 
  our government employed people earn almost nothing .
