  i 'm not criticising you for using youtube to get your message across . 
  i 'm criticising you , for trying to convince me with a tv show . 
  if it were you in a vlog where you already explained your point of view , i would accept it as the extension of your comment . 
  it would be better if you could write your opinion down in formed sentences , or at least quote from the video . 
  however with your words ` i 'm not gon na watch the whole show again to find the real source ' i assume you could n't even quote john oliver when he proves torture is useless in getting relevant information out of suspects . 
  how exactly are we getting fucked for being friends with poland ? 
  quote from article 7 :  on a reasoned proposal by one third of the member states , by the european parliament or by the european commission , the council , acting by a majority of four fifths of its members after obtaining the consent of the european parliament , may determine that there is a clear risk of a serious breach by a member state of the values referred to in article 2 . 
  okay , what is article 2 one may wonder :  the union is founded on the values of respect for human dignity , freedom , democracy , equality , the rule of law and respect for human rights , including the rights of persons belonging to minorities . 
  these values are common to the member states in a society in which pluralism , non-discrimination , tolerance , justice , solidarity and equality between women and men prevail . 
  very interesting . 
   ( not gon na work though ) i agree . 
  however , in case anyone disagreeing with me , my question is the following : how and when did hungary or poland breach any of these ? 
  i 'd prefer examples over generic statements . 
  why are you citing a comedy tv show as your source instead of the book they 're talking about ? 
  on what legal basis ? 
   i just wish our opposition parties were n't so bad , it 's like choosing between being raped and only beaten up . 
  sums up hungarian politics too . 
  it 's nice to have friends , is n't it ? 
   `` the government says : ` foreign migrants no , hungarian babies yes . ' how do you explain this ? '' does this really need an explanation ? 
  a better question would be , how can a news outlet on the level of euronews screw up the name of the ruling party they 're writing an article about ? 
  they write ` fidetz ' three times , and ` fidesz ' only once . 
   the photographer is radically opposed to the populist orban government and the pro-birth-subventions it offers . 
  her opinion is almost as relevant as the opinion of political analysts . 
  almost . 
   ` i will not give birth until the government changes . ' what an intelligent point of view . 
  do not raise children who could be critical of our government . 
  you go girl !, 
   `` people should be aware of this insulting policy , ordering us how many children we should have . 
  why do the politicians stick their noses into this ? 
  this is our private sphere , they should not make rules about the number of children we should give birth to , '' snorts zsuzsanna . 
  this quote is fantastic . 
  ordering us ? 
  no , they are n't . 
  you can die alone without any kids if that 's what you want , but they 're giving help for those who want to raise 3 or more kids . 
  i 'm sure a first grader could understand this , why ca n't she ? 
   but there is a risk too for those signing up for the 10 million deal . 
  the governmental message is clear : make babies -- or give the money back . 
  you 'll have to take responsibility for your decisions today !, 
  the horror !, 
  i mean if they really have the reason specified in the convention to come to europe and apply for asylum ( individually ) , they should be able to , but on the host countries ' terms . 
  meaning italy , greece , and whoever involved should be able to specify the amount of people they can accept monthly or annually . 
  there are more migrants than what these countries can take right now , so international solution is required . 
  and by international solution , i do n't mean eu solution , i mean international , including african , middle eastern and asian countries too . 
  in my opinion , the un should work to set up big un refugee centers in the countries where the boats coming from , so they can wait there in safety while they are individually vetted . 
  wait a minute . 
  are you people trying to tell me that a multicultural country would only shatter into pieces ? 
  huh . 
  weird . 
   you make a decision : what is worse ? 
  suffer the lightly increased crime ? 
  or let millions die in the mediterrenean sea ? 
  exactly . 
  in my opinion , the safety of my countrymen is more important , than helping others . 
  besides , millions would not have a chance to die in the sea , if we declared their route unsupported , and denied anyone who arrives by boats , [ as the australians did it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_sovereign_borders ) . 
   but dublin ii ( which is the agreement that fucks over countries on the borders ) is dead . 
  merkel made it so , and it has been for two years now . 
  you have answered this , when you said we have to help them because they 're here now . 
   the mediterrenean is international waters . 
  it is not illegal to cross it , nor is it illegal to enter greece , nor is it illegal to leave greece , nor is it illegal to enter hungary to seek for asylum i do n't know enough about laws regarding international waters , but when they entered hungary from serbia , they usually went around our official border-crossings , making their entry illegal . 
  then we pushed them back to serbia , because they do n't have to fear for prosecution there . 
  same goes in my opinion to many countries on their way . 
  why must the eu distribute these people ? 
  why ca n't we help turkey instead ( as the nearest and probably strongest country to syria ) to establish proper refugee camps ? 
   so , if germany took 2 million people in 2015 = one person per 40 in germany , then hungary should be able to take a fourth of that , so one person per 160 in hungary . 
  this comes out to 61597 people . 
   and prisoners do what for your country ? 
  why not deport them ? 
  they are citizens of the country , even if they committed crimes against its people . 
   push them back into the sea ? 
  of course not . 
  push them back to wherever they came by boats . 
  if it was libya , take them back to libya , and establish a big un refugee center there . 
  if it was tunisia , make one there . 
  register the applicants there , provide them with temporary housing ( tents and whatnot ) , and when the vetting is done and the host countries are ready , provide them with safe travel from these camps to the eu . 
   let them drown or just live on the street ? 
  they were [ living ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqokitt1o7e ) [ on the street ] ( https://hu.wikipedia.org/wiki/f%c3%a1jl:2015.09.02.-menek%c3%bcltek-a-keletin%c3%a9l-03.jpg ) , because countries like france could n't handle the amount and frequency of the migrants . 
  [ these people ] ( https://hu.wikipedia.org/wiki/f%c3%a1jl:refugee_march_hungary_2015-09-04_02.jpg ) did n't want to apply for asylum in hungary , because it gives them less benefits than it would give them in germany . 
  therefore , they demanded free movement through our country from serbia to austria . 
  this poses unnecessary security risks for a country , i hope i do n't have to explain why . 
   but if you want to be the good guy who decides what is right or wrong ? 
  if the whole eu decided that the 1951 convention is outdated and created a new refugee convention where they made stricter rules for refugee status and gave bigger freedom to states deciding in the matter , what would be ` the right way ' then ? 
  besides , we do n't have to be ` the good guy ' . 
   so , if germany took 2 million people in 2015 = one person per 40 in germany , then hungary should be able to take a fourth of that , so one person per 160 in hungary . 
  this comes out to 61597 people . 
  however , according to the hungarian central statistical office , the foreign-born population ( both eu and non-eu nationals ) in hungary in 2015 was 145,968 . 
  that is total , refugees and others all combined , who live in hungary - not just who came in 2015 ( sorry , i can not find better data - maybe you can ? ) . 
  ** i 'm going to believe your data ( even though some direct links would be nice instead of iom.hu - [ data only available in hungarian ] ( http://www.ksh.hu/nepszamlalas/tablak_tarsadalom_retegzodese ) ) , the hungarian central statistical office ( ksh ) is pretty much the basis of any hungarian statistics anyway . 
  the composition of our foreign born are pretty much obvious due to our history . 
  there are many today foreign born hungarians , who decide to come back into our country . 
  germans also have a historical reason to be here . 
  anyway , my question : what does foreign born population has to do with people who ca n't read , write , and in many cases ca n't even speak hungarian or any european languages ? 
  let 's say we take all the 62k you suggest . 
  what should we do with them ? 
  teach them hungarian ? 
  how ? 
  how many people do you think currently living in hungary , who speaks hungarian and arabic ( syria ) or whatever they speak in afghanistan , while also being qualified to teach or assemble educational materials ? 
  we ca n't do this right now , we are not prepared for this many . 
   plus , in the past , nearly *** all mass-immigrations benefitted the regions were people went to . 
  [ citation needed ]  we get to benefit from all these people , while those countries suffer from massive brain drain and loss of workers etc. 
  do you believe the migrants who have been educated in syria could provide with any significant help for the german industry ?
