  `` stop democratically electing someone i disagree with . '', 
  `` riot against a democratically elected leader . '', 
  western european advices 2016 . 
   hungary as it is ruled today would not have been accepted into the eu . 
  how is it ruled today ? 
  what is it that disqualifies us exactly ? 
   the eu should demand some minimum of good democratic governance though . 
  seriously , all jokes aside . 
  can you make a list of the minimum requirements you 'd like to see enforced ? 
   we can still vote in the eu for what we know is right . 
  what is right in your opinion ? 
  can you define a universal way to help differentiate between right or wrong ? 
  i believe it would be very useful . 
  you could collect your thoughts in a little red book for example and distribute it around the world . 
   no more budgetary support for hungary until orban 's attack on civil society and the organs of democracy is reversed . 
  also start the procedure to suspend hungary 's voting rights in the eu [ ... ] we ca n't make the hungarians change a government just because we think it is a corrupt and undemocratic one , but we can show them the door to leave the eu . 
  you want to force us into a position where we have no choice but leaving . 
  how nice of you . 
  if you find the hungarian government breaking eu laws , i ask you , please follow through with the necessary legal steps . 
  take responsibility and kick us out if you believe we no longer `` deserve '' to be invited to your tree-house . 
   orban 's attack on civil society care to tell me how did orb\u00e1n attack our civil society ? 
  do you have any specific examples ? 
  can you rank them in order of importance ? 
   the organs of democracy is reversed . 
  what parts of democracy do you feel missing in hungary which we evidently had before orb\u00e1n ? 
  what is your source of information ? 
  normally , you would be correct . 
  after participating in and witnessing the last couple of elections , i can comfortably tell you it just does n't work that way over here . 
  it was n't enough last time , and it wo n't be enough next time either . 
  their supporters would sooner vote for blocking out the sun than against orb\u00e1n . 
   `` we run no risk in saying that fidesz can be able to retain voters ' trust at the 2018 election , '' this is a key sentiment everyone who 's wondering about fidesz 's power should note . 
  their support wo n't go away . 
  their supporters would vote for them over anyone else if orb\u00e1n promised them everything will be fine . 
  you can only beat fidesz if you win the people who have been disappointed by politics in general . 
  if you can motivate them , they 'll win an election for you . 
  i 'm sure he 's basing that on the assumption that with time , they would be granted citizenship , the same way [ other migrants have been before ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turks_in_germany#citizenship ) . 
  we do n't refuse to do anything , we refuse to do this one thing particularly . 
   without taking into account what countries receive back in eu funding have you read my whole comment ? 
  the second graph i posted takes eu spendings into account . 
   convincing arguments as to why ... you believe gni is more useful i believe the `` total contribution to the eu budget as a percentage of the gni '' is a more useful way to compare different countries ' contribution than billion eur per capita , is because `` per capita '' can produce weird results in cases of luxembourg , malta , or cyprus . 
  correlating it to the gni will show us `` how much of it 's income does a country spend on contributing to the project '' . 
   i do n't know where you pulled that data from , since you link to the general european union website as your source . 
  i went through all of the countries in [ this list ] ( http://europa.eu/european-union/about-eu/countries_en ) and manually ( shocking ! ), 
  searched for the numbers myself . 
  it says nothing about per capita . 
  per capita is useless . 
  i clearly stated :  in my opinion , the gni is the best way to measure the euro millions each country provides to the budget . 
   solidarity goes both ways . 
  it 's not about solidarity , it 's about sovereignty . 
  we are facing a global crisis which has never been seen before . 
  the mass migration of people consists of people who are actually fleeing war ridden areas , and also a vast amount of people who feel they 're entitled to move to germany , sweden , ( or just generally the eu ) because they want to take advantage on the unparalleled welfare these great countries are able to provide . 
  i do n't know how western europe does ( or decides not to ) not notice this , but it 's very obvious for us . 
  it takes a beggar to know one i guess . 
  the other part of the argument which trump claimed to represent is we ( as the eu ) can not be expected to solve this global crisis on our own . 
  every country needs to help , including usa , china and especially the rich middle-eastern countries . 
  they have everything to help , yet they do not . 
   at least we do ... contribute to the eu budget on top of that instead of only taking out , just like germany and france i 've made [ this graph ] ( https://i.sli.mg/ceaohm.png ) ( data gathered from http://europa.eu ) , which shows the total contribution to the eu budget as a percentage of the gross national income ( gni ) . 
  in my opinion , the gni is the best way to measure the euro millions each country provides to the budget . 
  so , according to this , hungary is high at 0.89 % , portugal at 0.87 % , the netherlands and france at 0.85 % , germany at 0.79 % . 
  my question is , what do you think the rate should be for hungary , to satisfy the requirements ( contribute instead of only taking out ) you set ? 
  would you require a poor eastern european country , to pay more than it makes ? 
  surely no . 
  if we look at the numbers , the total contribution of germany is $ 24.283 billion , while it 's only $ 0.946 billion for hungary . 
  this means , if germany were to increase it 's contribution to 0.80 % , their contribution would increase by $ 0.30 billion . 
  if hungary were to increase to 0.90 % , it would only mean $ 0.01 billion . 
  here 's [ another graph ] ( https://i.sli.mg/vkakhr.png ) , this shows ( in eur billions ) total contributions - total spending . 
  according to you , everyone on the right of cyprus needs to either pay more , leave the eu , or do as those on the left demand . 
  in my opinion it 's for the * greater good * to help already member eastern european countries to develop their infrastructure , industry , agriculture ( with one word : economy ) so we could close the gap between us , and solidify the union . 
  this would obviously result in them receiving more than giving . 
  is this not the goal of the eu ? 
   if you wanted them to write about the ngo helping human trafficking the article would have to go into a completely different direction the ngo ships should go in a completely different direction too , once they picked up the shipwrecked 2 kilometres from africa 's shores . 
   employees were not given any sort of advance notice . 
  not trying to defend the way they laid their employees off , but if you work for a company that has built up a debt of 5 billion huf since 2007 , you should n't really be surprised when it closes `` overnight '' . 
  mszp should have kept their share in n\u00e9pszabads\u00e1g , but i guess they did n't like throwing money in a bottomless pit . 
   they will just have to offer higher salaries . 
  which benefits everybody . 
  they ca n't . 
  welcome to government owned healthcare . 
  your flag says montenegro , i would assume an ex-yugo citizen should know about the beauty of these systems . 
  is it so much different down there ? 
  if we were living in the 90s , and ira were forcing themselves into our countries , exploiting the gaps on our immigration policies and our welcoming spirit , in order to commit terrorist attacks all over europe , then yes , i feel we 'd be justified to temporarily halt irish migration , until we figure out a way to stop ira exploiting our system . 
   only innovative people that ca n't get their innovations to work in their home country would move out and look for opportunities elsewhere it 's not some fairy tale world where eastern european elon musks are not receiving the required government founding for their projects , and therefore are leaving their countries for western opportunities . 
  do you honestly think it would be the low paid factory workers who can easily relocate to western eu ? 
  it 's always the educated who move easier . 
  all our hospitals are lacking doctors and some even nurses . 
   water canons , well i do n't even dare consider that option . 
  all you need is a pm with overwhelming support of the people , then you can have things [ better than water cannons and barbed wire . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3pjbfns.jpg ) edit : i wanted to comment this on / u/guildensterncrantz 's comment . . 
  i have no control over what you imagine behind my words . 
  i did n't want to imply it , and i do n't understand how could my original comment even imply that . 
   you do realize your argument is internally contradictory in that you must filter what foods an infant receives , right ? 
  i think it 's on point , because you treat the community as infants , for whom you must filter the content . 
   we do n't block domains on the basis of political opinions i did n't say that , but i 'm glad you felt the need to clarify that . 
  the only reason to have banned domains , is because you do n't trust your community to be able to tell garbage apart from content , and ** you ** want to filter the content , as you would filter what kind of food you give to your infant . 
  power grab , if you like . 
  yeah , just like in the old days of communism . 
  no , they do n't . 
  they had after the election , but they have lost some seats since then . 
  right now they have 131 combined seats with kdnp out of 199 . 
  this gives you less than 2/3ds .
