  can you see the majority of them taking jobs at for example siemens ? 
  could they be on par with the medical personnel you train in germany ? 
  could they compete in the same market with those you trained at home ? 
  do you honestly believe these people are the majority of the migrants ? 
   for saudi arabia , this was super stupid . 
  they could use cheap workers that have no political rights , but they chose to be egoistic and short-sighted , so we will profit . 
  cool . 
  you basically admit they are only good for cheap labour . 
  [ do you think we need unskilled cheap labour in europe while we have such unemployment rates ? 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/unemployment_statistics ) is this really the opinion of the liberal west ? 
  cheap labour - cool ? 
   do you honestly think that a few muslims , which are less then 10 % of the total population , are going to cause us much problems ? 
  every single crime illegals commit is too much . 
   we could still put them in camps or whatever . 
  our police and military is able to do that , if our societies wanted i hope we wo n't get there . 
   how can you justify punishing someone for something tehy did not do nor had any control over ? 
  how can you justify the suffers of that minority who could be the targets of crimes committed by illegal migrants ? 
   did you really just say `` oh , because we understand austrians/germans and child rape better , it is not a problem '' ? 
  wtf ? 
  i said , nobody calls for closing the border and limiting germans coming here ` raping our children ' ( source ? 
  ) , because we have a better understanding on prostitution , and soft laws . 
  however , we have strict laws on illegal entry . 
   why not be happy that they all just want to get through and treat them right for a change ? 
  we did that for a while , until our government ( which basically consists only of lawyers ) created stricter laws . 
  they knew exactly , if it were hungary as the first schengen country who registered the migrants who came through greece , they would have been turned back eventually to hungary , when the west realises they can take no more . 
   well , maybe because they did no crime most of them did when they crossed the sea illegally . 
  they also commit a crime when they enter our schengen outer borders illegally . 
   surly your prime minister costs the state of hungary much more than any prisoner , or the hundreds of people in parliaments on national and regional level . 
  how do you justify that ? 
  they work for the people of hungary , not just living off of welfare , waiting enough time to pass for family reunification . 
   you still did not answer how you can justify refusing people livelihood and shelter when they are fleeing from bloody wars . 
  seriously , justify that . 
  because hungary ca n't even afford to take care of our own people on the same level germany can take care of refugees . 
  why should europe be the one who solves this crisis ? 
  why do n't we pressure neighbouring islamist countries to do their part ? 
  for example saudi arabia ? 
  they have the money , they are close . 
  why do n't they help ? 
  why does n't china help ? 
  i do n't think we can convince each other on the roman line of thought . 
  the connection i see in current events and the vandals , is how different the two people were , yet the glorious rome was defeated with brute force by ` barbarians ' . 
  i have to state i do n't believe we 're being in war in the ` traditional way ' as in fighting with weapons that would fit your definition . 
  if our way of life were attacked by the traditional way , we would n't be having this conversation . 
   and thus , we punish the majority for the minority ? 
  how can you determine which group is which , if we ca n't even vet them ? 
  maybe ( although i agree , very unlikely ) , the majority is the group who could possibly cause the problems i mentioned . 
   if someone from germany does some bullshit in hungary , noone calls for closing the borders . 
  for example , german sextourism to hungary was ( and maybe still is ? ), 
  pretty big - yet nobody got outraged about the barbaric germans and austrians . 
  why not ? 
  [ ... ] because we have a better understanding of prostitution , and sex involving people under age of consent . 
  also , we have relatively soft rules on prostitution , and a low age of consent . 
  we 're quite liberal in this regard . 
   which is in violation of the convention relating to the status of refugees , also known as the 1951 refugee convention , which hungary signed the convention defines the word ` refugee ' as a person who is fleeing because of fear for prosecution of race , religion , nationality , etc. 
  it also defines what particular things can exclude someone from being considered a refugee . 
  it says for example , if a person has committed a crime against peace , a war crime , or a crime against humanity , they are not refugees . 
  right now , we can not properly determine this about any person coming from their region . 
   if you want eu , you will also get refugees . 
  that 's nice and all , but they do n't want us . 
  the vast majority ( and i mean like 99.99 % ) of the refugees who entered hungary in any way in the last couple of years , have left , and went to the west , because they do n't get the same welfare in hungary as they can get in germany . 
  besides being unpopular , hungary is hardly capable to take in anyone . 
  even our own people leave for western eu in hopes of better possibilities . 
  whoever comes here , does not speak our ridiculously difficult language . 
  we are one of the lowest foreign language speakers in the eu , and this makes finding jobs very difficult for anyone who ca n't speak the language . 
  therefore , we would have to support literally everyone who is accepted as a refugee . 
  this would cost more than what the average pensioner in hungary gets from the state as their pension . 
  how could we justify that ? 
   how many muslims do you think there in hungary ? 
  not much . 
  the first thing they do when arrive in our refugee camps ( where they receive food and medical care as they should ) is voluntarily leaving with the first train to germany via austria . 
  also , the fence helps . 
   where are muslims taking power ? 
  in the uk for instance , where they form [ sharia councils ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamic_sharia_council ) and [ sharia patrols ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sharia_patrols ) . 
  heard about kosovo ? 
  in my opinion , italy and greece only need the confirming nod by the eu , they could turn them back if they were n't afraid of the consequences . 
  turn them back , vet them later . 
   so what can they do ? 
  if they 're travelling from countries where they are n't threatened for the criteria i 've quoted from the convention , eu countries should turn them back . 
   i do n't think it 's actually possible to deny asylum to people who are entitled to it on the basis that they arrived via a route we do n't want them to take ? 
  it seems to be working [ in australia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_sovereign_borders ) . 
   is n't asylum supposed to be a thing to help those who desperately make it out of a shitty situation by any means possible ? 
  well , asylum is supposed to be a thing for refugees , not migrants . 
  people like to take the geneva convention as a basis for such topic , so i quote that . 
  according to the [ geneva convention ( pdf page 16 : chapter i , article i , a ( 2 ) ) ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/protect/protection/3b66c2aa10.pdf ) :  [ . . ] the term refugee shall apply to any person who [ . . ] well-founded fear of persecution for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , is outside the country of his nationality and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country ; or who , not having a nationality and being outside the country of his former habitual residence as a result of such events , is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to return to it . 
  it is pretty clear about ` shitty situations ' , and no matter how cruel that sounds , it does n't include lack of education , lack of future , lack of hope , or a bad financial situation . 
  in my opinion , we have to prevent them from coming illegally , by boats or with the help of smugglers . 
  they should be processed in africa , wherever they begin their journey . 
  for this we would need to declare their route unsupported , and deny asylum requests by anyone who 's choosing these illegal routes . 
  also , we should be working on establishing these processing facilities in their countries , by working together with their local governments . 
  sadly , it wo n't happen overnight . 
   rocks are not military weapons throwing rocks can cause permanent damage , perhaps even death . 
  therefore , i still classify them as weapons . 
  you can also see [ one of my links ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/727862/migrant-crisis-club-wielding-refugees-running-battles-stalingrad-metro-paris ) show pictures of people wielding sticks or clubs . 
  are those not weapons either ? 
   look , the vandals ( for example ) were an organized military force , unified , and with leadership structures . 
  the refugees are none of that i do n't deny that . 
  all i 'm saying is , there is a subset of people among the refugees who should n't be allowed into our countries . 
  the only solutions currently available to us , are strict and extensive background checks ( which are quite limited because we ca n't just call the syrian police on phone to inquire their records on anyone ) , or complete denial of entry . 
  when migrants arrived to the hungarian - serbian border last year , they were pouring in through our fields and forests , giving our border patrol a lot of trouble . 
  our government built a fence to stop illegal entries , and to try to control their movement to official border crossings .
