  therefore , i 'd like to have an education system , where everyone has a chance to study , and become a successful person . 
  if we had a system , where the poor would have a chance to eat the same good quality food rich people can , have the same undisturbed environment to study people with good family background have , they could end up pursuing their dream careers too , not just those with better background . 
  this obviously would n't help you , if you feel you 're already behind , but it would be a better opportunity in the long run for those after us . 
  besides , right now i believe we have more poor people in this country , than we could help by raising the taxes on the rich without absolutely gutting them . 
   the two are one and the same . 
  lowering the taxes on poor people still creates multiple tax brackets . 
  i was implying lowering it for everyone . 
   the very point is that you still get to do that , even if you are taxed more heavily , because your disposable income is proportionally much higher . 
  not at the rate i would with a flat-rate tax . 
  also , what is the disposable income ? 
  need and greed always clash in these arguments . 
  i ca n't say i want a bigger house , that will make me greedy . 
  can i say i need a bigger house because i want 25 children ? 
  can i * want * to do everything i can for my children to have a better life ? 
  if i say i want to save up my money because i want to spend it in the near future , how can you tell me that a portion of my income is disposable ? 
  it 's not , i will need it . 
  i may not even know now why i need it , i just want it to be there , instead of relying on my government to help me out if things get worse for me . 
  why do you want to dictate the amount of money i get to keep ? 
   everyone pays their share , not an even share of the sum . 
  so , if i 'm wealthy , and i decide to pay for private doctor , do i get a pass in my taxes that would go to public health care ? 
  why not ? 
  i 'm already paying * my * share , why ca n't the rest of them pay for their ? 
   if one guy ordered the surf 'n turf ... how does this apply to anything we pay taxes for ? 
  the availability of police , hospitals , roads all affects us in the same way , do n't they ? 
  it tips over once we start to take redistribution into account . 
  we should have clear figures on how much money our poor people need , and what exactly do they need , for example food , better school , better roads , whatever , but right now everything is shady and we expect the government to just handle it with a little more tax . 
  i would prefer a system where i can see exactly where my `` donated '' extra goes , over increasing my taxes . 
   you 're against the single easiest way to combat that . 
  yes , i 'm against the easiest way to combat that , because that 's not a fair way to combat it . 
   and there 's nothing more fair than equal burden sharing . 
  flat-rate income tax is anything but that . 
  it 's chump change for the rich , crippling for the poor . 
  why do we tax people ? 
  because we need a certain amount of money to spend it on things our society needs , right ? 
  so if there 's 10 people who have to pay , and the bill says 1000 in the end , is n't it * fair * if we all pay 100 ? 
  why does it hurt you , that i have more left ? 
   keeping x % of a 170.000 ft salary is a lot more painful than keeping the same on a 1.700.000 ft one . 
  it does n't hurt for someone , who magically becomes rich , like l\u0151rinc m\u00e9sz\u00e1ros , and basically just has to sit back and enjoy life . 
  it does hurt someone , who 's coming from a poor family , and his hard work in studying is finally paying off , and you want to cut it more , because he `` does n't need that much '' . 
  again , i 'm not against lowering taxes on the poor , i 'm against raising it on the rich . 
   someone 10 times richer does not spends 10 times more on living expenses . 
  sure , but why does one want to be rich ? 
  i want to improve my life and provide a better life for my children , than the one my parents could provide for me . 
   but disposable income is a thing . 
  who decides what is disposable ? 
  my income is not disposable . 
  i want to use it to improve the quality of my life , and in the future the quality of my children 's life , their children 's life , and so on . 
   petrol costs the same if you put it in a 20 year-old suzuki or a brand new lexus . 
  my brand new lexus costs more , but consumes less than a 20 year old suzuki . 
  i 'm basically paying the price of the petrol now , instead of on the long run for the other advantages of the brand new car . 
    anyone having over 2.1 m huf yearly income ( ie . 
  7000 eur )  yeah anyone earning that is rich as shit , no doubt . 
  hell , anyone earning over 500k is rich . 
  please tell me you accidentally missed the ** yearly ** word . 
   that 's not how it works . 
  why not ? 
  a better student ( who has been studying well for 4 years ) will have way better chances of getting admitted . 
   a poor person has to work a million times harder to achieve the same . 
  so does a stupid person . 
   some pity swimming competition , which is basically worthless in every sense , versus peoples ' livelyhood and in the worst cases , survival ? 
  sure , the swimming one was a stretch , but the studying one could be applied into your livelihood or survival aspect . 
  if you study well , you will have better chances at survival . 
  besides , i 'm not against lower taxes for all . 
  i 'm against higher taxes for the rich . 
  this would not affect the survival and livelihood of the poor . 
  i think flat taxes can act as a motivator for all , to aim for greatness . 
  sure , some people will have an easier time while they 're achieving the same results than others , but once they 're there ( success , higher wages , etc ) they become equal . 
  maybe i 'm strange , but whenever i had to work harder than others to achieve something , i was prouder of myself in the end . 
   maybe i do n't want my name to appear on some government list according to fidesz , then maybe you 're up to no good . 
   it 's no one elses business bit mine and the ngo 's which is why i think the law violates my basic human rights . 
  is it a basic human right to promote any political opinion in any country you wish ? 
  it affects the ngos themselves , you can keep finance them . 
  if the ngo receives over 7.2 million huf from abroad annually ( excluding eu moneys ) , they have to announce it in 15 days ( once the law is through ) . 
  once they did that , they also have to provide information on every transaction they 've received from abroad . 
  if the ngo fails to do this , first they receive a warning , then a fine and finally they will be stopped from operating . 
  our beloved government basically wants ngos to brand themselves with this `` foreign financed ngo '' label , possibly to use it in future propaganda . 
   a flat income tax just takes out the equalizing factor . 
  that 's exactly the point . 
  we should n't try to force equal outcome by taxing rich people more , making the result ( the money they can keep ) closer to the less taxed poor people 's result . 
  would you also prefer equal outcome over equal opportunity if it was applied elsewhere ? 
  if a student with good grades in high school would have to get more points to get admitted into the same university , than a worse student ? 
  if you were to compete in swimming against hossz\u00fa , would you agree that she needs to swim for longer distance to equalize the outcome ? 
  why should n't we ? 
  it 's a good thing if you prefer equal opportunity over equal outcome . 
  not exactly . 
  ceu is handing out us accredited diplomas without having anything in the us . 
  ceu is owned by soros . 
  orb\u00e1n does n't like soros . 
  orb\u00e1n wants to make it difficult for soros , and possibly he wants us to talk about this for two or three weeks , instead of anything else . 
  this new law does n't allow ceu to hand out those diplomas , only hungarian ones , without this agreement between the us and hungary . 
  ceu claims this would result with the closure of their university . 
  every other university is untouched by this law , it 's only ceu . 
  also , apparently the protest was also about a new law proposition , which targets foreign financed ngos . 
  guess who likes to finance ngos from abroad ? 
  you guessed it , it 's soros !, 
  the government pushed through a new law quickly , which requires foreign universities operating in hungary , to make an agreement between the university 's home country and hungary about the accreditation of it 's diplomas . 
  due to the wording , this only affects soros 's uni , ceu , and it requires the us to make said agreement . 
  the problem is , in the us this is the individual state 's job , while the new hungarian law requires the federal government to do it . 
  also , seeing how important this is somehow for people in budapest , it has also become a generic anti orb\u00e1n , anti government protest . 
  you are not wrong .
