odds of orban going to a farm life and leaving politics forever ? 
  2 to the power of 2076775949 to 1 against . 
  sure . 
  and i assume according to them this is the way to win an election and change things . 
  again i assume running parties want to win elections , and they are not doing it for participation seats in the parliament . 
  i doubt they can gather enough support , if any . 
  may i ask what makes you consider them ? 
  i ca n't really take them seriously because of that ` acid spitting weasel ' performance . 
  they try to sound funny i assume , it does n't work for me . 
  it makes me wonder who their target audience could be . 
  the whole incompetence of our opposition makes me sad . 
   employment issues have been the main reason causing the refugees to leave latvia  the main reason for the problem is the refugees ' poor knowledge of latvian , differences in work culture and a desire to maintain the status they had in their country of origin what a surprise , we do n't speak their language and they do n't speak ours ( eastern europe ) . 
   there are also teachers , physicians and very many entrepreneurs among them i 'm sure of it , golgafrinchan ark fleet ship b. 
   45 asylum seekers have been granted official protection since april . 
  about 20 of these people , or four families , have stayed in latvia . 
  the others have left . 
   they were surprised to find that not all member states of the european union are alike , that latvia is not so rich . 
  and they still try to tell us they 're fleeing war . 
  they are coming for the benefits . 
  they 're both religious clothing . 
  maybe there 's a cross of merit somewhere for her too . 
  i heard there has been a surplus . 
  good read indeed . 
   lili bayer is a political analyst based in budapest . 
  she specializes in central and eastern europe . 
  this proves my point on that [ other article ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/hungary/comments/4zkrjg/the_cynical_thinking_behind_hungarys_bizarre/ ) over / r/hungary . 
  an author who actually lives here has a greater insight on things than someone in his ivory tower far far away . 
   they obviously are n't all illegals . 
  they obviously are when they cross our border without going through legal process ( designated crossings , legal documentation ) . 
  now we have a fence and laws to strengthen it , if you jump it , cut it or in any other way damage it , you commit a crime . 
  sure , that 's why i feel the eu ca n't do anything about this . 
  most of us agree that orb\u00e1n and his party are bad , but we ca n't agree on a replacement . 
  sorry , but that sounds quite ineffective . 
  `` you guys should get together and talk about this . '', 
   former soviet-oppressed states are at a serious risk of backsliding into authoritarianism if eu does not help out . 
  how do you figure the eu could `` help out '' ? 
  so basically , a taxi company with a very user-friendly mobile app , where they respect the customer 's feedback through the app 's rating system . 
  why should they be exempt from all the regulations taxi companies facing ? 
  i figure if a taxi company would simply ~ ~ copy ~ ~ get inspired by uber 's app , they could sell this too . 
  so basically , a taxi company with a very user-friendly mobile app , where they respect the customer 's feedback through the app 's rating system . 
  why should they be exempt from all the regulations taxi companies facing ? 
  i figure if a taxi company would simply ~ ~ copy ~ ~ get inspired by uber 's app , they could sell this too . 
   you know in advance what you are going to pay ( no funky surprises ) i admit , i do n't really use either taxis or uber , but after a quick search , i could find 5-6 taxi companies in budapest , who have price calculator on each of their own websites , so this would n't be the case ( atleast here , in hungary ) . 
   they are generally nicer there must be nice taxis and ugly uber 's too , i have no idea . 
   convenient ( i do n't know if other taxi services are that flexible ) in my experience , taxis bring you door to door . 
  is that what you mean by flexible ? 
   even if uber charged the same price , it would still be a better service . 
  why ? 
  `` i 'm happy 20.000 people have lost their job in 2 years . '', 
  then why did you ask ? 
  no , just downvote it like everyone else . 
   he does it for free exactly what a paid soros shill would say !, 
   there was two big parties in hungary after soviet occupation . 
  mszp which was the former communist party , and fidesz ( orb\u00e1n ) the other big . 
  not exactly . 
  during the first elections in 1990 , [ fidesz and mszp both were under 10 % . 
  ] ( https://hu.wikipedia.org/wiki/1990-es_magyarorsz%c3%a1gi_orsz%c3%a1ggy%c5%b1l%c3%a9si_v%c3%a1laszt%c3%a1s#/media/file:1990mandatumaranyok.png ) fidesz only got strong after 1998 . 
   you need economics sure , but we have bigger places for that too . 
  orb\u00e1n simply just flexes his muscle against the weakest target ( as usual ) , portraying himself as a victorious saint who protects the country from outsiders . 
  nothing major will happen , i expect ceu to find a legal loophole by the end of summer , so they can keep operating next year too . 
  when women in islamic countries get together to discuss their worries about islam , but they end up sitting in silence , trying to figure out which one of them is a man in a niqab . 
  that 's not what i wanted to imply . 
  right now in our country we have car factories ( need for mechanical engineers ) , and lack of doctors and nurses , but i do n't think we need gender studies advocates ( or whatever they 'll work after gradating ) . 
  i think fidesz has this in mind , that 's why they wo n't harm `` le stem masterrace '' . 
  fidesz never harms the majority , or a big foe . 
  if you compare the number of students at ceu and ( the possibly ) biggest stem university in hungary , bme , you find that ceu has 1400 students , while bme has 21000 . 
  attacking bme would be a fatal mistake , and orb\u00e1n knows this , so people in stem have nothing to fear . 
  funding is a different issue , than the fear of closure because of political reasons . 
  scientists in stem have nothing to fear , because they 're not after them . 
   have you actually interacted with anyone involved in any type of academia ? 
  interacted ? 
  yes , i have . 
  i can only imagine how the mechanical engineer and medical scientists are trembling in fear ... 
  without any real opposition , yes , orb\u00e1n and his friends will stay . 
   a lot of their supporters are anti-semitic i do n't think so , that sounds more like jobbik . 
  as far as i know fidesz has at least a couple of jewish representatives . 
   ceu has been seen by the nutcases as being riddled with jews there are n't that many nutcases , to make it worth in my opinion . 
  fidesz managed ( yet again ) to create a topic out of thin air . 
  i think i 've read in an interview that some of them studied there . 
   completely undemocratic process while i agree it 's not necessarily right to go against a university like this , the parliament voting on laws is as democratic as it can get . 
   quashing opposing ideologies was it common knowledge then ? 
  ceu = the opposing ideology of fidesz ? 
  to be honest , i did n't even know what sort of courses they had in ceu before this drama . 
  his voterbase is pretty much secured already . 
  i do n't think he needs this to convince anyone in hungary . 
   yeah , `` not sure '' ... it simply shows how much of a bigot you are . 
  they are targeted , because of their actions ... 
  they are targeted because illegally entering through the green border . 
  if thinking breaking the law makes me a bigot , sign me up . 
   ignoring the facts of the real world , wo n't make your point any more convincing . 
  you misunderstand . 
  i 'm not trying to convince you , i just want to make sure you understand my point , and exactly my point , not something else because of your assumptions about me . 
   so you are not sure how having a political agenda can be a problem though , but lecturers at a university should n't have one . 
  i 've never said lecturers should not have a political agenda . 
  i 've said they should not push it or discuss it during lectures . 
    i do n't say individuals or groups or institutions should not form their political opinion . 
    all i 'm saying is , lectures themselves should be free of the personal political opinion  yeah yeah ... moving goal posts again . 
  lectures . 
  not lecturers . 
   circlejerk you , a fan of definitions should know , a circlejerk requires multiple people in agreement .
