  it 's just you and i , obviously disagreeing with each other . 
   ends here with me i 'm sure of it . 
  ^ do ^ you ^ need ^ a ^ ' / s ' ^ here ? 
   there is benefit for fidesz since it 's a liberal institution . 
  well , according to their ( ceu ) website , there 's 1400 students there . 
  i do n't think this move is worth the eradication of 1400 possibly anti fidesz thinkers . 
  if anything , this would make that 1400 even more anti fidesz . 
  there 's no benefit i can see . 
  i agree , another flexing contest . 
  i believe ceu will find a legal way to keep operating in hungary by the end of the summer . 
   no democratic country creates laws to kill a university for political gain . 
  how is it a political gain to shut down this university ? 
  i ca n't see why would it be positive at all for fidesz , other than distracting everyone of everything else . 
   not being political is ridicilous and impossible . 
  i study economics and laws and my professor describes political ideas all the time every single lecture . 
  that 's fine . 
  does ( s ) he always describes his/her personal opinion as well ? 
  i think you can talk about anything , including current events without telling me your own opinion . 
  `` one side thinks x , look it up here ; the other thinks y , look it up there ; i think * it 's none of your business what i think . 
   i guess the refugees sitting in your prisons or in camps outside your border are going to agree with you . 
  not sure how are they relevant , since they are not being targeted because of their race , but because of their actions . 
   taking a class on the impact of economic reforms in the ex ussr has quite different outcomes when your lecturer is a fighter for the washington consensus . 
  ideally , there should n't be . 
  if they ca n't remove themselves from the argument , why are they teaching ? 
  the impacts are historically documented , are they not ? 
  i do n't see the need of personal opinion being involved in this . 
   it is a daily occurence and your fairy tale `` neutral '' university world simply does n't exist . 
  i just do n't understand how the personal opinion of a lecturer is relevant . 
  this confusion of mine might come from the different courses i took while in university . 
  my courses were pretty much science based , cold facts proved with maths . 
  sociology and politics is surely different , but in my opinion , this does not make it unnecessary for the teacher to strip his own opinion from the lecture . 
   i was implying that you have a political agenda . 
  there , i spelled it out for you . 
  i want to avoid my previous mistake of not being 100 % clear with definitions . 
  [ political agenda ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/political_agenda ) : * is a list of subjects or problems to which governmental officials as well as individuals outside the government , are paying serious attention to at any given time . 
  * in this sense , literally everyone who has ever formed a political opinion on any subject has an agenda . 
  obviously , everyone wants their own opinion to come to effect , because they care about it . 
  even you have one . 
  not sure how this would be a problem though . 
   you know , those `` neutral '' institutions you dreamed up ... . . not involved in politics , at all ... no no i do n't say individuals or groups or institutions should not form their political opinion . 
  they should because laws affect everyone . 
  all i 'm saying is , lectures themselves should be free of the personal political opinion of those who have any sort of authority over the students . 
  since teachers have authority , they must try their best to hide their own opinion . 
  again , this was possible for my teachers in university , admittedly they did n't teach politics or sociology , but more science ( math ) based courses , where their opinion was completely irrelevant . 
  all i 'm saying is , they should stick to their courses , and their political opinion should matter less ( and be unnoticable ) than the objectivity of their lectures . 
   a surgeon can refuse to perform an abortion or an architect not design an abortion center citing moral grounds , a historian could develop [ ... ] and i 'm fine with this . 
  all i 'm saying is while the teachers teach their science , they should scrape every personal political or religious opinion they have off the subject . 
  i understand this is difficult , but in my opinion , this should be the aim of every teacher . 
   especially , when teaching politics , sociology or economy [ ... ] there is no right or wrong in those fields . 
  i disagree on that . 
  there are rights and wrongs in politics . 
  for example , it 's wrong to create a law , which specifically targets groups of people because of their race . 
   knowing about their political values is important in context , the world is not black and white and humans have political views . 
  how is it important , to know the political opinion of your lecturer on a class about anything ? 
  even if we 're talking about `` current political events the class '' , it 's irrelevant what the person who 's supposed to teach you critical thinking ^ tm personally believes . 
  since everything should be questioned by critical thinking , the teacher should question his own beliefs as well , and present their classes in a way it 's neutral of their personal opinion . 
    does n't matter the side they lean to , it 's equally bad . 
   yeah , i do n't believe you . 
  there 's no equal hate in hungary right now . 
  you do n't believe my opinion , which is fine , but where did you get ` hate ' from ? 
  i was n't talking about hate . 
  i was talking about different political opinion in university lectures . 
   nope . 
  governments are not political organisations , what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  perhaps organisation is not the correct phrase in english . 
  i mean the government is a body which is involved in politics , by definition . 
  so is the eu , whether we 're talking about an eu institution , or the union of countries as a whole . 
   according to your uninformed perception charming . 
   hmm , wait , you mean a law specifically taylored for somehow stopping the existence of said university is indicative of the full support of the orb\u00e1n government ? 
  i probably misunderstood . 
  i thought you mean ceu has a history of criticising the governments of wannabe autocrats who ca n't handle criticism . 
   btw , you could call then any economics faculty not teaching matolcsy-sm as `` anti government '' ... you 've got a point . 
  i was focusing on the teacher 's own political thinking influencing their lectures . 
  for example i do n't think the teacher 's political beliefs on matolcsy matters when they teach macroeconomics , and it should n't be obvious to the students either . 
   in your opinion . 
  not in my . 
  i have n't had a single professor that did n't have his political leaning influencing his teaching . 
  are you okay with this ? 
  my professors did n't give away their political leanings , and i could n't even guess them , and i 'm glad for it . 
  their political opinion is irrelevant while they 're teaching their science to me and everyone else . 
   but what do we fear ? 
  liberal universities !, 
  does n't matter the side they lean to , it 's equally bad . 
   they are supposed to teach critical thinking . 
  most of the time , at least in sociology and political sciences , that means critical about implemented policies . 
  yeah , some people see it as anti-government . 
  which is dumb . 
  it 's critical . 
  a government is supposed to be criticised . 
  i agree . 
   your government is obviously allowed to criticise the eu all day long , but a university criticising governmental policies is somehow a bad thing now ? 
  my government is a political organisation , so is the eu . 
  a university is not . 
  i was referring to this in my previous comment . 
  how does the university , the institution itself develops a political opinion ? 
  is it the rector ? 
  a dean ? 
  some deans ? 
  all of the teachers ? 
  everyone who 's employed there ?
