  this should be top priority for the eu in this crisis , not scheduling flights to berlin . 
   do you think orb\u00e1n is actually interested in helping your country ? 
  orb\u00e1n is a whole other story . 
  the only thing they handled well is this refugee crisis . 
  we do help people , but on our terms , not on their terms . 
  from the economist article above ( 2011 ) , you can read the following : * the french , however , pointed out that the schengen rules grant freedom of movement only to those with proper passports and the means to support themselves . 
  others can be returned to the eu country in which they arrived . 
  the french have already sent almost 2,000 north africans back to italy . 
  * are you still wondering why we are n't simply letting everyone through ? 
   he will tell you again and again , that his way is the only way and that the eu is not going to help you . 
  because it ca n't . 
  you do realize , he has been trained to be david against the goliat ? 
  whenever the stronger western eu speaks up against orb\u00e1n , he gains support here in hungary . 
  this kind of political battle is his home turf . 
  we will never be able to rid ourselves of him , if you 're playing for his hand every single time . 
  but sure , it 's my fault . 
   good.fuckin.job.buddy !, 
  being arrogant does not support your argument . 
  still at this point your argument about whether it 's beneficial for us to quickly ship everyone to germany , is that these people would get bored , see how bad it is and leave , while the reality is our own people are leaving to germany , because life is simply better there . 
  and you are trying to convince me , that a refugee who 's living on government aid , will have a terrible time in germany , similarly to how bad it is in syria . 
  give me a break . 
   `` tensions in the eu have been rising because of the disproportionate burden faced by some countries , particularly the countries where the majority of migrants have been arriving : greece , italy and hungary . 
  yes , and our ( according to you ) joke of a government actually managed to do something about the pressure we 're receiving . 
  why ca n't greece and italy protect their borders ? 
  it 's not like the sea just suddenly appeared there . 
   by trying my approach , we would take the burden off the countries on the border . 
  we would give them direct access to the countries they want to travel anyways . 
  as i 've said , i 'm all for establishing un controlled and secured immigration bases in these war affected countries , from where un controlled transportation to host countries is possible . 
  however , i also maintain my opinion that every sovereign country must have the ability to deny any individual immigration seeker . 
  especially those with unclear origin . 
  i also believe host countries should be the ones who decide the amount and the timing of said immigration , including asylum seeking . 
  my criticism towards your approach , is the part where you claim they would go home on their own , because life is as bad here as it is there . 
  this is complete nonsense . 
   they would have money and an incentive to get back . 
  they wo n't have the incentive , because life is not as shitty here in europe , as it is in africa or the middle east . 
  we do n't have `` hey look , it 's getting our heads chopped '' days . 
  you are generally more safe here . 
  why would they want to go home ? 
  they also receive incredible amount of money for being refugees . 
  why do you think most of them are headed to germany and sweden ? 
  they like the bavarian culture ? 
  there are countless examples of them forming their own segregated communities , which is harmful for the whole host country they decide to live in . 
   come here faster , get disappointed faster , get back faster , tell the people at home , that this place is shit faster there is no basis for your theory . 
   your way is : they get here slower , they wait here for way too long , it takes really long to get them back ... to serbia . 
  the people at home think they should try it too , do you really suggest they would have to walk all the way to home in order to deliver news about their situation here ? 
   you are the one who simply does n't want to accept the reality what reality ? 
  the reality where from day 1 these people did n't want to stay in hungary ? 
  we did n't treat them badly , they just left every official asylum center we have established for them , and when they were held up by police , they demanded to be let through to germany . 
  we 're playing hard ball with the eu because we believe when a person wants to immigrate to germany , that 's not the eu 's problem . 
  that 's germany 's problem . 
  it should be dealt with by germany . 
   which is that the hu way is doing it as shitty as possible making it as inefficient as possible and thereby fucking us all over . 
  i believe you just do n't want to understand what i 've been writing to you . 
  i told you , the hungarian way ( fence ) limits illegal entries , directing the flow to our immigration desks . 
  they are obviously overwhelmed right now . 
  at least we do n't let everyone in irresponsibly . 
  this is not different than your airplane approach . 
  you would simply have the people who want to get in forming tent cities near those airports instead of our fence . 
  again , how does hungary 's immigration policy fuck germany over ? 
  how does ** the route ** of these illegal border crossers change the outcome ? 
   all the while you own country is getting robbed by a bunch of assholes and turned to shit in the meantime . 
  funnily enough using the refugee crisis to milk you even longer . 
  i wonder , do you have a bigger problem with our government , or the refugees in germany ? 
  is n't it strange , that a `` joke of a pm '' of a shitty country like hungary can make you so upset ? 
   there 's no reasoning with you . 
  you did n't even begin . 
  you only tried to explain your own fantasy world , but you did n't start reasoning with me . 
  `` it would work , because if you imagine my made up world where everything works as i intend it to work , it will work ! '', 
   yep , it does . 
  it directs the flow to `` somewhere else '' . 
  but please not hu !, 
  are you illiterate on purpose ? 
  i 'm not going to explain it again . 
  it does only keep out people who would try to enter illegally . 
  it does not affect anyone who want to apply for asylum legally to hungary . 
   the planes at least would bring those people directly to frankfurt , milano , paris , munich . 
  yes , do that on your account , not on the whole eu 's . 
  how does our fence stand in the way of this is a mistery to me . 
   there are quite a few things which are not fair regarding this issue . 
  care to name a few ? 
   so , back to serbia ? 
  good job . 
  you helped a lot . 
  here 's your medal . 
  still not obliged to help anyone . 
  we help those who require help and apply for it the legal way and actually qualify as refugees . 
   we can ask you to do your part . 
  what part ? 
  we have signed the treaty of schengen , we are a border state , we have responsibilites . 
  it includes not allowing just anyone through into the schengen area . 
  by letting anyone in , we would violate this . 
   after hungary closed its borders all the refugees somehow got detoured magically to italy and spain . 
  wow ... so surprising . 
  you are illiterate again . 
  we did n't close our borders . 
  we closed our forests and fields . 
  you can enter and leave on the road ( by going through the regular border checks ) . 
   you bussed them very quickly to germany , when you had the chance . 
  we bussed them when mutti merkel declared `` everyone is welcome , we can take them '' . 
  what were we supposed to do ?
