  is it also an eu problem , when they enter your country illegally ( as in , breaking the law ) ? 
   ... also he referred to soros in his speech . 
  what 's wrong with referring him ? 
   watching an really embarrassing character on tv and you feel the shame i used to feel like that , but i suppose i grew out of it . 
  now i just feel anger , because those kind of characters are wasting my time . 
   hungarians need to remember the times when they were under the russian occupation . 
  i believe we do . 
  that 's why we are uneasy when we see the new union trying to centralize every sort of decision making . 
  why do you underestimate him ? 
  why is it so outlandish to think he is actually good at being a politician , or that he has a skillfull crew who do the thinking for him , despite disagreeing with him ? 
  welcome to the tolerant / r/europe , where hating invaders is a crime , but hating ourselves is expected !, 
  how can you * post * and article , which you have n't written , ironically or unironically ? 
   c'mon guys , stop downvoting people with different opinions ... you are better that this ... 
  i love the fact you can get downvoted for a comment like this in / r/europe . 
   the european union should launch its own broadcasting channel to counter the lies , draw europe together and defend democracy . 
  aaah , yes . 
  no better way to counter opposing propaganda than creating our own . 
  citizens of europe can use their own devices to access political discussion platforms which we can not control ? 
  we ca n't have that !, 
  how about working on solutions to have the average european citizen 's voice heard even inside eu buildings in brussels ? 
   we are still imprisoned in national filter bubbles . 
  this very thread on reddit is proof that we are in fact , not imprisoned . 
  we can rant about anything online on any language we decide to learn . 
  you ca n't send us the very same material translated to every language to reach everyone . 
   it is no surprise that we are incapable of developing a common view we do n't always have to develop a common view . 
  how could my steppe born and raised view of fishing in the sea matter anyway regarding fishing in eu seas ? 
   the internet could be an ideal place for a european and enlightened public space , in principle . 
  but instead it risks becoming an anti-enlightenment echo chamber where fact and fiction merge into some kind of post-factual universe , which produces post-factual winners like trump and boris johnson . 
  oh , there 's the real problem !, 
   creating a functioning public sphere is of little interest to the click economy . 
  what is more functioning , than people armed with the liberty to decide for themselves which sources they value , which ones they discard ? 
   second , the ebc would not be , and should not be perceived to be , a propaganda instrument of the european union . 
  firm safeguards will need to be put in place to ensure its independence and impartiality and this should be an integral part of its governance structure . 
  sounds very idealistic . 
  like wishing people would stop being dicks to each other . 
  many of our problems would be gone !, 
   the competitors of the ebc are [ ... ] facebook and google . 
  one is a successful social media platform , the other is a successful search engine , both control the information you are allowed to spread there . 
   finally , the ebc 's chances for success will be enormously improved if it can develop within a suitable regulatory environment . 
  hahahahaha . 
  listen guys , my company 's business model is a success , if i get to regulate the market . 
   we favor an approach where major digital platform providers would have to reserve a certain percentage of their media space , [ ... ] for ebc content ( on a must-carry basis ) . 
  it totally is n't a propaganda machine , you guys , but you other providers should totally reserve space for us !, 
   in addition , such platforms should be levied a general fee of 5 percent on their european turnover to help fund the ebc . 
  also , you pay for this too . 
  how dare you making just about anything accessible to the general public ?!, 
  enough already with the centralization . 
  perhaps , i should have been more specific instead of saying `` criminals '' . 
  the decision whether restrict the voting rights of a criminal should be decided by the judge who convicts said person . 
  in my opinion , criminals do n't spend time in prison to `` make it even '' , because you ca n't make an equation about time spent in prison , and money acquired illegally through fraud or embezzlement . 
  if we add violent crimes to the mix , it gets worse . 
   how does being gay harm society ? 
  i did n't say anything about gays , simply provided / u/joramrtr with an example he could hopefully understand . 
   how can be people that think `` yeah x group should have less rights than me , totally reasonable '' , it really blows my mind . 
  convicted criminals should have less rights than me . 
  for instance , voting rights . 
  i think i know where i 've left your train of thought . 
  i thought you were talking about `` the hungarian putin '' , orb\u00e1n . 
  have you read the article ? 
  it was n't a choice question about the three leaders , they were independent popularity evaluations . 
  we hungarians have elected orb\u00e1n because we had no other choice . 
  his opposition has completely destroyed itself , they only needed a little push to fall over the political cliff they 've been rushing towards . 
  orb\u00e1n saw this , and attacked them viciously , to guarantee their fall . 
  the only other competitive alternative he had was the `` let 's keep a list of jews in the parliament '' far right party and it 's leader . 
  obviously , we ca n't pick them . 
  orb\u00e1n stays in power because his actions does not affect the lives of everyday hungarians too much . 
  he 's an inconvenience for most , but only his opposition is outraged , which his supporters outnumber by far . 
   with me ??? 
  yes , with you . 
  wishing the people of a country to be overrun by a foreign force is not very nice . 
  voicing it , is stupid . 
  so again , what 's wrong with you ? 
   did i vote for putin in hungary ? 
  did i ? 
  the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  `` our christian lives and values are under siege ! '', 
  i do n't want any of this ... 
   fidesz b-but i 've read about their evil jewish members on kurucinfo !, 
  ^ ( / s for / r/europe ), 
  would it be better if they had a party called whatever , and all their members `` happened to be '' christians ? 
  also , good luck to any party who would propose such a ban . 
  i believe it 's a common misconception about ngos picking up people , that they 're doing it near italy ( or a different host country ) , so i think it 's important to show that they are not . 
  these ngos make extra effort on helping , they almost dock in tripoli . 
  one must start asking questions : * on what legal basis can any organisation ship people into italy ? 
  are they not breaking laws ? 
  are laws * demand * this sort of activity from ngos ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  * how are these people get admission into the country ? 
  where are their papers ( if they have any ) checked ? 
  in italy ? 
  once they get on the ngo ships ? 
  i believe they are first confronted by border control when they are already in italy , where they immediately apply for refugee status , so they can not be touched . 
  * are these ngos allowed to do this by the government ? 
  i hope we 'll find out . 
  * why is it necessary for these ngos to go that far ? 
  i believe it 's because migrant 's boats are simply not suitable for such a long trip . 
  if this is true , they must be aware of it . 
  * why do people still risk their lives with make-shift boats ? 
  i believe it 's because ** migrants know they will be picked up ** close to their shores . 
  * how do they know that ?
