  defy our overlord ? 
   to fuck us all over by building a fence how exactly does that fuck `` you all '' over ? 
   when the time comes to really solve some hard issues in the eu . 
  this only became a hard issue in the eu when some eu countries decided to take in everyone , without discussing it with others . 
  when they realized they ca n't take it anymore , they demanded everyone to `` do their part '' . 
   because they can enter wherever they want . 
  you see the problem , but you refuse to see how the fence helps with this . 
   if they want to board an airplane , like you and me , they have to provide their id . 
  standard procedure . 
  have you ever crossed a border outside of schengen ? 
  why do you think this procedure exists in airports ? 
  this is literally the same on the hungarian-serbian border too . 
  you show id , you are probably allowed in . 
  you apply for asylum , you get in another line . 
  the fence only keeps those out , who wanted to walk through our fields and forests ( wherever they wanted ) . 
   we provide them with an incentive to take a safe and short route and keep their legal papers , or they can take the risky and potentially deadly route that actually is also more expensive and destroy all their legal papers . 
  what do you think , people with children would do ? 
  we agree on this one , but simply providing them with flights is not enough . 
  they probably need guarded zones in syria or wherever they are to wait until their background checks are completed . 
   what 's your point ? 
  they already have . 
  i am talking about providing refugees a mean of safe travel . 
  terrorists do n't give a shit about all that . 
  they get here with closed or open borders . 
  our borders are n't closed . 
  we only closed the green border down there . 
  anyone with the proper documents may go through the normal entry procedures . 
  as i 've said , i support the idea if the whole safe world ( !, 
  not just eu , not just eu and usa , but saudi arabia , china , japan , too , leaving nobody out ) would be helping in this one , but this still does n't explain how is it ( as you 've originally claimed ) in our interest to help them . 
   i 've seen an article claiming that it would cost around 9k euros to get from syria to schengen territory . 
  even if you pay 1k for a plane ticket you should still have 8k left . 
  that should be enough to survive for two months . 
  hungarian do n't make that much money in a year . 
  you do realize the first thing they want to do in hungary is leaving it towards germany via austria , because they can potentially get better welfare there ? 
  they have no intention of assimilation , no intention of marvelling in the culture of germans . 
  they go for the biggest check . 
   exactly and the few moderate ones who could actually moderate those idiots are not really on our side , are n't they ? 
  why would a thousand of extremist listen to one moderate ? 
  the extremists would simply treat them as traitors , and kill them . 
   haha , the guardian . 
  i had to find an / r/europe allowed source , i think you can find info on it somewhere else too . 
   alienating the people who are sympathetic to our way of life is not going to help . 
  who 's really naive ? 
  everyone who has papers and applies for asylum in hungary gets fair treatment . 
  we do n't tolerate wire cutters and illegal entries . 
  if this alienates anyone , they can keep out too . 
   how are you going to do that from hungary ? 
  with your vast financial resources ? 
  with your intimidating armed forces ? 
  it would obviously require full eu ( un to be honest ) support , but we can start small by having common sense . 
  we can start with our rock solid law and order . 
  we declare not taking in anyone who crosses our borders illegally , so those who really need help , do n't even try . 
  everyone else can fuck off . 
   do n't have any money left to go back what would happen to those who spend all their money , then refuse to leave ( by hiding from authorities , like they do ) ? 
   germany is already paying for the tickets of the people who did n't get a refugee status  we do n't have to spend our money to get them back . 
  this would work , if they are actually coming for jobs , but most of them do n't , they want handouts . 
  as long as western eu providing anyone with these , they will keep coming . 
  they are beggars . 
  it takes one to know one i guess . 
  the fence serve the same purpose as your airplanes would . 
  they control the speed and direction of the flow , and with them they can only enter the country through the designated entry points . 
  camps exist for several reasons , one being those are the areas where we are able to provide them with food and medical assistance . 
  often times however , they decide to leave these camps after they 've filed for asylum . 
  they used to leave to undisclosed places , which is not fair in my opinion towards schengen states , when we 're talking about people who 's background check is underway . 
  they are now `` detained '' ( not sure about the correct legal term ) , not allowed to walk freely in hungary , but they can leave the way they came from . 
  we do n't send them , but you or the whole eu for that matter ca n't exactly dictate how many people hungary must process per day in order to qualify as a good guy country . 
   at least admit it . 
  hungary could n't give a fuck about its `` schengen allies '' . 
  if we did n't give a fuck , we would be busing them to austria . 
  guess what , they 've pulled razor wire up too . 
  nobody seemingly bashes them for it though . 
   letting them travel here by plane would solve all this shit . 
  they would have to use official entry points . 
  we would n't have to pay a shitload of money to watch our borders 24/7 with the intensity which would be necessary , if we decided to really close the borders . 
  with these fences , we do make them use our official entry points . 
  that 's the whole point , to stop them from illegally crossing our ( and our schengen allies ' ) borders . 
   easy , let 's imagine the following scenario . 
  we let them come here by plane . 
  from war ridden syria ? 
  you somehow want private companies , to schedule regular flights to and from war ridden syria ? 
  what pilot would take the risk ? 
   we do n't have a clue where they are , or from where they came from . 
  we need to spend time and money to find out , all while they 're sitting around and waiting for us to do all the work . 
  why do you think we do n't know who they are ? 
  what do you think happens , when i 'm stopped in berlin by the police , to id myself , and i claim i do n't have id , but i 'm from hungary ? 
  they contact our law enforcement , and ask about me with the data ( birth date , mother 's name , and so on ) i provide . 
  can they do the same with migrants who claim they 're from syria ? 
   they need to take the official route . 
  i support this , but your way of executing it is terrible . 
   we get them to enter the country at the airport at the immigration counter . 
  what about people who do n't have a passport or any sort of identification ? 
  what if isis captured offices and equipment , where they are capable of producing `` legal '' documents as they please ? 
   we ask them to tell us where they gon na live . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  how could they even know where can they afford housing if at all ? 
   so they get here , like humans , spend 2 months and pay for their shit . 
  they see that live here is pretty shitty , too and that there are no real jobs for them here . 
  they see , that they can not have a future without learning the language . 
  they see that there is no future for their children here . 
  they still have money left and a possibility to get back , because they did n't spend their last penny on a shitty smuggler thereby risking all they have .
