[ recent studies seem to say otherwise ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/07/12/in-views-of-diversity-many-europeans-are-less-positive-than-americans/ ), 
   it is brought up whenever an american gets on an exceedingly high horse interestingly the british , french and spanish accounted for most of the deaths of native americans well before the united states even became a country . 
  source : i 'm an osage, 
  sas may have started that way , but now it primarily exists to brigade other subs and openly mock other 's opinions . 
  it 's the european version of t_d, 
   it 's like expecting americans to learn about the revolutions of 1848 in the german states at school . 
  ca n't say i speak for all americans , but we learned about the revolutions of 1848 in my school . 
  ... that does n't happen here either . 
  i think you have the united states confused with another country . 
  all of our college stadiums were built with private donations separate from tuition completely, 
  around $ 185 depending on the importance of the match and the seat . 
  my local college stadium holds 86,000 people so i guess i have a bit of a different view of what a lot is, 
  [ because `` romani '' or `` roma '' is how they refer to themselves in their native language ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romani_people ), 
  it 's interesting that you combine north and south america but not eurasia which is more of a contiguous landmass geographically speaking, 
   i absolutely want closer economic ties with china now that america has proven once and for all to be not only not an ally , but downright an enemy of europe . 
  honest question , what leads you to believe that the united states is more of an enemy to europe than china right now ? 
  i am aware of this . 
  i 'm also aware that it is not held to the same strict standards that it is in the united states . 
  for example , amanda knox was originally convicted as guilty in italy while it would not have been possible in the united states given the evidence used, 
  unfortunately not all justice systems work like the uk or the usa in that regard, 
  it 's not so much romanticized as much as we can draw some very disturbing parallels between european 's view of the roma people and how black americans were treated prior to the civil rights movement, 
  i think you mean french war that the americans and soviets hijacked, 
  colonialism is not really a just cause imo . 
  not justifying our part because we were going to be in a proxy war somewhere in the world , but the french really were responsible for that particular war to start with, 
  the perception of being drawn in comes from the fact that the soviets were arming and training the viet-cong before the americans came in the rest of it is taught to you exactly like it was taught to us, 
  thats interesting , not defending our part but you would at least think they would mention it was a french war first, 
  i thought europeans were supposed to be more educated than americans . 
  you have proven me wrong, 
  do you not learn the geopolitical connections between the axis powers in school in europe ? 
  its so strange to see so many people say the pacific war did n't matter, 
  i 'm not saying that other countries were n't involved in each place that featured americans fighting . 
  just that americans were involved in fighting in a lot more theaters . 
  the `` british '' in se asia were actually indians and while your native people were fighting alongside us in italy , we were also fighting major battles in france and the pacific, 
  i really do n't see how that is relevant to what i said . 
  the soviets were n't fighting the japanese and and were n't on the western or southern fronts, 
   for countries that did n't get liberated by you , you did n't really matter . 
  honest question , not trying to poke or prod or anything . 
  did you learn about lend-lease when you learned about world war ii ? 
  most of the tanks , planes and guns that the soviets were using to defeat the germans were manufactured and provided by the united states . 
  now obviously they would have been useless without the overwhelming soviet manpower , but to say we did n't matter is revisionist history at best, 
   i feel that many americans have this feeling that it was all up to them , and thus downplaying all the other nations i think that this is mainly a function of the fact that the americans were really the only ones that were fighting on three of the four major fronts of the war ( obviously the soviets had the eastern front to themselves ) . 
  most of the other major players like britain were focused on their homeland like they should have been . 
  it may be more of a `` we were the only ones that did everything '' mentality instead of a `` we did it by ourselves '' mentality if you dive into it, 
  it actually makes a lot of sense in france that the perception would have changed given the importance that d-day has been given in western media and culture, 
  actually , the commenter specifically said world war ii even after being asked if he was thinking of the wrong war, 
  do you really think that is common . 
  hint , no its not, 
  japanese and korean vehicles are extremely common over here and pass all emission standards, 
  i mean it is true though . 
  vw got hit with a bunch of fines because they tried to hide their emissions failures, 
  too much particulate matter . 
  you literally drive smog machines over there, 
   do you think that somehow access to your reasearch is easy/cheap ? 
  no , i realize how hard it is to get to peer reviewed papers , however i can download nasa data for no charge right now and so can you . 
  in which country is it a hate crime ? 
  both, 
   on the other hand , we would jail people from organizations like westboro baptist church so spain has no protection for freedom of speech , assembly or religion , good to know, 
   this is about religion heavily influencing governance , which it really does in the us . 
  can you name one law passed in the past 10 years that was primarily supported by religious figures ? 
  because i can think of several that have been shot down such as doma , do n't ask , do n't tell , prohibition of gay marriage and many many more . 
  on the other hand * your * home country maintains churches and pays ministers with public money , so i would take a look at your own country first, 
  here is the definition of a theocracy  a form of government in which god ( or a deity ) is recognized as the king or immediate ruler , and his laws are taken as the statute-book of the kingdom , these laws being usually administered by a priestly order as his ministers and agents ; hence ( loosely ) a system of government by a sacerdotal order , claiming a divine commission ; also , a state so governed . 
  there is nothing about the united states government that fits this at all . 
  in fact , we have a section in our constitution explicitly prohibiting it  congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ... 
   no , it 's not a formal theocracy . 
  but it functions much like one . 
  and here i thought americans were the ones that were supposed to be ignorant about the rest of the world, 
  a scientific institution is judged based on the quality of the research , which is impossible to judge if access to the data is restricted, 
  [ less than 20 % of americans attend church regularly ] ( http://www.churchleaders.com/pastors/pastor-articles/170739-statistics-don-t-tell-the-whole-story-when-it-comes-to-church-attendance.html ), 
  what about the fact that you pay the ministers of those churches ? 
  while i am sure those guys are old , they have n't been around since 1492, 
  i qualified my statement in the very beginning by saying `` in my field '' . 
  i only interact with those two agencies in europe as part of my job . 
  however , if you can point me to a scientific agency in europe that provides their data openly and freely to the entire world it would be much appreciated, 
  [ the establishment clause of the united states constitution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/establishment_clause ) specifically prohibits declaring a national religion which is a key component of a theocracy . 
  in your home country , the government is in charge of maintaining religious buildings and paying ministers [ according to this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_of_religion_in_belgium ) so the usa has more separation of church and state than you do, 
  are you kidding me calling the united states a theocracy ? 
  footage on tv ! = being there in real life . 
  our broadcasters attempt to hide the less desirable parts, 
   american sporting events have a very family-friendly atmosphere . 
  i saw i guy get his testicle ripped off in a fight at a game , i would n't particularly call that `` family friendly '', 
  it was n't subdued , but it also seems quieter than what i am used to . 
  that could just be the mic not handling the sound though, 
  [ stephen fry was impressed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cl-f8nabmm ), 
  we normally define jazz by the era it was written in so rag time for the 1900-1910s , swing for the 1940s ect . 
  in his 1993-1994 tour ( when he was at his most popular ) he played 7 dates in dublin , ireland , birmingham and london in the uk , 2 dates in frankfort , rotterdam , oslo , and stockholm, 
  could you give me a tl ; dr of what `` black jazz '' is ? 
  i 've never heard that term and i am a pretty big jazz fan . 
  because a car would be damaged by the rural road that i live on and a pickup is more fuel efficient than a van or suv, 
  because the roads where i live are low quality because i live in a rural area . 
  a small car would be torn up in a week and a pickup is more fuel efficient than a van or suv . 
  plus i use it to haul trash to the recycling center, 
  i do n't know about all americans , but i have made lifelong friends off of conversations that i started with complete strangers . 
  a couple of girlfriends too, 
  i think the major difference was that the blitz was an act of war during wwii and not a terrorist attack . 
  not that knowing the bombs were coming helped ease the losses for london , but they also did n't come out of the clear blue sky like a terrorist attack does, 
  by causality count it is the world 's largest single terrorist attack so i would n't classify it as `` just another terrorist attack '', 
  its a bit disingenuous to say the united states did n't get much terrorism before the attack , we just were used to the `` domestic '' type of terrorism like the oklahoma city bombing and the unibomber . 
  having the worst terrorist attack by death toll happen on our shores was a very shocking introduction to international terrorism, 
  again not to be hostile , but i seriously doubt that people 's reaction to 3,000 people being killed in an attack was `` whoa that looks cool '' only 170 people died in tianjin and it was an accident , the attack on sept 11 had a much broader impact on the world much like the london bombing and the madrid bombings had in the united states,
