airport is such a big word . 
  because social conservatives were smart enough to cut their losses , tacitly ( more or less ) allow a compromise ( same-sex '' partnerships '' ) and then keep their mouths shut to let the issue rest . 
  as long as there 's no hate-campaign from the right against gay people that could incite a backlash , the compromise will probably hold . 
  our states ca n't change marriage law on their own , so there 's no real way for proponents of ssm to force the issue without the left winning a majority in a federal election , and they have n't managed that recently . 
  eh , only sort of . 
  `` we can do it '' includes the possibility of failure ( as in , we can , but only if we act wisely , otherwise we might not ) , while `` we 're gon na make it '' assumes success . 
  it might in practice not be all that important a difference , since either one could have ( and probably would have ) been a target for criticism , but it 's still a difference . 
  ( edit : spelling ), 
  yeah , [ for the churches ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/church_tax#germany ) . 
  it 's more or less a members fee , collected by the government . 
  germany is fifty-fifty . 
  children are separated early on - if you go to one of the university prep schools ( called * gymnasiums * ) , chances are good you 're gon na do a tertiary degree , but otherwise you 're more likely to go towards an apprenticeship etc. 
  in fact , it used to be that without a prep school degree ( called * abitur * ) it was almost literally impossible to go to a university . 
  as a result , degrees are very common in the white collar upper-middle/upper class , and many politicians/managers etc. 
  carry doctoral degrees in front of their names , but not so much in the population base . 
  ( edit : spelling ), 
  yeah , i too gleefully await the moment when lots of people will lose their jobs . 
  the thought of one pillar of our economy going up into smoke is just * such * a riot . 
  jolly gosh , i can barely contain my giggles . 
  ( edit : spelling ), 
  we do not , admittedly , but france [ certainly ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ms.mil.xpnd.gd.zs?locations=fr ) does . 
  first of all , i 'm not hysterical . 
  i said i was surprised . 
  more precisely , i said i was `` wondering about '' it in my original post . 
  second , i 'm not surprised about glocks . 
  i 'm not surprised about the existence of glocks on the black market . 
  i would not raise an eyebrow if a member of a rocker gang was caught with an illegal glock in a gang-related shooting . 
  i was surprised about how easy it was for someone so young and rather poor who did apparently not have a criminal background to obtain one in good working condition with lots of ammo , in ( again ) an extremely safe city . 
  ( i 've lived there . 
  you might not know just how safe munich normally is , even compared to other german cities . 
  i 've heard americans label it `` toy town '' because of it . ), 
  i thought they would be a rather costly item for a teenager . 
  if you must , you can call all that naivety too . 
  well , mass killings these days are n't normal in germany , and neither are teenagers getting efficient black-market firearms easily and committing those mass killings with them , right in the middle of the safest city in the country . 
  in other words , yeah , i was bringing it up because it damn well ai n't normal here . 
  maybe you 're right and it 's gon na be the new normal , and if it happens a couple more times i guess i wo n't be surprised anymore then , like i wo n't be surprised about the next shooting in the usa committed with a semiautomatic rifle . 
  that clarifies my position enough ? 
  in any case , i would say this debate has just about runs its course . 
  did n't call it luxurious or special , just said that it 's good quality . 
  in the media , it was reported as a glock 9mm , and it obviously worked well . 
  i would call that high-quality . 
  that 's possible , and i would not have been surprised much if it would have been an isis attack and they would have used serious weaponry like in france . 
  what i 'm primarily surprised about is that a youngster with no known criminal background obtained a high-quality firearm and lots of ammo in a place like munich ( with no serious slum areas or the like ) so easily , when an actual terrorist could not . 
  i guess we 'll see what the future brings . 
  for the near future , i 'm most concerned about all sorts of hastily introduced feel-good laws that do n't help anyone and restrict our freedoms further . 
  the news are already talking about `` killer games '' and the like . 
  i bet my ass all sorts of politicians are already making lists of all the stuff they need to ban now . 
  well , legally owned guns in germany are registered and the owners are checked regularly . 
  there ca n't be that many stolen guns on the market . 
  as far as i know , other countries in western europe have similar laws . 
  of course , there are the countries in eastern europe and so on , but if there are so many cheap guns available i would expect more gun crime . 
  for instance , the guy in w\u00fcrzburg with isis connections/aspirations did not have one . 
  well , if he was a muslim terrorist , would you not expect him to make that clear in the conversation in the video ? 
  yeah , i guess its possible in principle , but i 'm still wondering about the high-quality level of shit he had . 
  i mean , i do n't doubt that i could find an illegal weapon seller here if i really tried , but i would expect to get mugged or to get some old rusty crap . 
  and munich is n't exactly known for its hardcore slum areas . 
  i would 've expected you need some criminal clout before better stuff becomes available . 
  but who knows , maybe it 's way easier that i thought , or he just got lucky . 
  what i 'm wondering about is the gun . 
  but it was a modern handgun in working condition with ( presumably ) multiple mags in working condition and literally hundreds of rounds , also obviously in working condition . 
  i would have expected such a package to be quite expensive on the black market . 
  where does an 18-year old guy from a non-rich background get the funds to pay for that ? 
  and how does he find it in the first place ? 
  edit : just to get this straight , i 'm not claiming any sort of a cover-up by the police about a possible islamic terrorist . 
  i 'm simply surprised . 
  edit 2 : well , [ darknet it is . 
  i 'm not certain why this means it 's less of `` a question of interests '' , it just means that any country in europe is in an even weaker position now than they would be in as part of a federal state of europe . 
  i have admittedly simplified things a bit by talking about the eu as single entity . 
  however , the principle remains the same , as does the outcome . 
  and since the eu is ( presumably ) not gon na become a nationstate any time soon , the point is moot anyway . 
  btw , none of this was meant as criticism . 
  there are certain perks associated with being the supreme military and economical power in the world in general , and the dominant force in nato in particular . 
  in practice , the usa can put their own interests first , and use the means they consider necessary to achieve them , while less powerful countries can not . 
  the eu simply does not have the clout to force the usa to change their border policy , and we would just shoot ourselves in our own feet if we started a pissing contest . 
  at the end of the day , we do n't care enough about this particular issue to start a fight we can not really win anyway , and we do n't want to look foolish in the process . 
  after all , most european citizens can travel to the usa fairly easily already . 
  reminds me of those people who go `` oh dear , our relationship is falling apart - quick , lets make a baby '' . 
  yes , indeed one did . 
  and a [ very famous ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_awful_german_language ) one at that , too . 
  there 's quite a lot of high-quality shoe companies , for instance - church 's , cheaney , john lobb , edward green , trickers and so on . 
  also , clothing - burberry still produces ( some of their ) trenchcoats in the uk , i think , and you got john smedley for knitwear . 
  and then there 's grooming products , taylor of old bond street , penhaligons , etc. 
  the list could go on - there 's quite a lot of luxury stuff made in the uk . 
  i never claimed that it * was * or reflected nazi-ideology , only that it * sounds * like it . 
  regardless of historical context or precise textual analysis , using those lines as anthem in post-fascist germany would have been impossible . 
  it 's complicated . 
  first of all , i do n't actually think it was `` extremely offensive '' , just ignorant and rude , considering it does not take all that much time to find the real text . 
  singing the wrong hymn would only be `` extremely offensive '' if done on purpose . 
  as far as your question goes , both our current national anthem and the mistakenly sung one come from the [ same song ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutschlandlied ) ; the current one is the third verse , and the nazi-connected one is the first . 
  the song itself did not come from the nazis , but from the earlier german nationalism movement . 
  here , `` nationalism '' simply refers to the idea of forming a single german state , which happened around 1870 , not entirely unlike the usa was formed from individual states . 
  since there is nothing `` improper '' about the third verse , and it 's explicitly about `` unity , justice and freedom '' for germany , there 's no problem with using it as the anthem , and it hails from an important part of german history ; the first one , on the other hand , is not only heavily associated with hitler , but `` germany , germany above everything in the world '' also sounds like nazi-ideology . 
  edit : link, 
  [ lindsey graham ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m35bhj6e-pm ) , i would guess . 
  republican senator who pretty much despises trump and is a well-known russia-hawk . 
  neither do i ( when it comes to austerity ) . 
  or more precisely , i think there were good reasons for us to enforce it . 
  good enough , i do n't know . 
  and i do * not * disagree that it was an excuse , at least primarily . 
  i 'm mostly uncomfortable with the word `` lame '' .
