  the connection , as i see it , is not about logic or reason . 
  there were many reasons not to commit to brexit . 
  it happened anyway . 
  logic does not matter all that much . 
  emotions do . 
  if i would have tried to run on a populist platform against germany in any country affected by austerity , i would sell it like that : `` germany calls all the shots on the continent . 
  germany constantly tells us what to do . 
  they are keeping us down , profiting off the euro and hording money while we are starving . 
  and now , in our moment of weakness , they are building up their army , so that they can dominate the entire continent by sheer force . 
  vote for me , and i will lead the glorious resistance fight against the dirty huns . '', 
  again , i 'm not saying that would necessarily have worked , but if i 'm the german chancellor , that 's one more headache i do n't need . 
  edit : spelling, 
  as i see it , that 's probably the only way to do something about an european army that is not either purely symbolic or problematic as hell . 
  simply put , if you want to keep a standing army in a liberal democracy , you need to have the appropriate civilian infrastructure in place in which such an army can be embedded . 
  that means , you want civilian oversight , and that civilian oversight needs to be accepted and legitimized by the sovereign , meaning the people - the specific individuals and bureaus/ministries/offices / agencies/whatever leading the military need to have public trust , and they need to answer to the public in some way . 
  you also need to have a clear chain of command and a clear set of rules regarding potential engagements . 
  none of this is present or could be easily build at the eu as it currently exists . 
  imho , neither the eu president nor the eu parliament nor anyone else would be trusted by the general public to actually control an effective , capable european army . 
  as of right now , they are barely being trusted with the jobs they already have . 
  the only way to move forward is to find areas of common military interest between individual nations and have them work together . 
  yes , that 's probably not as cost-effective and elegant as a true european army would be , but it 's the only way forward . 
  i do n't really disagree with most of this - reunification was expensive , the cold war had ended and afterwards we were certainly sitting very pretty and enjoying ourselves and our money , but i still do n't think that makes it `` merely a lame excuse '' . 
  remember all the complaints about german-forced austerity in greece and other countries ? 
  i do n't blame any politician being nervous about adding a major military build-up of the germany army to the mix . 
  fwiw , i 'm very much in favour of raising our military budget significantly . 
  the governments in europe might not mind , but it would still be a lot of fodder for everyone else talking about german dominance and the fourth reich . 
  not everyone in europe is happy with germany calling all the shots . 
  are you really comfortable saying that , for instance , le pen would not get a boost if it would look as if france would lose the position of the most powerful continental military power ? 
  it 's true that trumps election has probably changed the equation on this subject , but i doubt it was merely a lame excuse by our government . 
  do n't you worry ` bout that , that 's where nice people like [ steve bannon ] ( http://www.vulture.com/2016/11/trump-adviser-steve-bannon-is-a-fan-of-darth-vader-satan.html ) come in . 
  who says you got ta [ read ] ( http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2017/02/trump-not-fully-briefed-on-bannon-nsc-order-report.html ) what you sign , anyway ? 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2014/12/01/quiet-german ) an interesting portrait of her from an outsiders perspective . 
  by `` true nationalism '' i mean an agressive , confrontational approach to foreign policy , focused on short-term gains , the mentioned zero-sum thinking , where everything is either a win or a loss for me and my country , and i can only win if someone else loses , and vice versa . 
  in other words , `` america first , and only america first '' . 
  and i do n't buy that most americans have had that approach , or at the very least not the political leadership , because otherwise trump could not have made it his big new thing . 
  patriotism , yes , and national pride and a feeling of exceptionalism and all that , but not the european kind of `` true '' nationalism . 
  makes perfect sense to me . 
  there has always been a right-wing opposition to perceived european weaknesses in the us , be it `` socialized medicine '' , gun-control , the welfare-state and what not . 
  in other words , everything good about the usa is supposed to be its differences from other western countries , europe in particular . 
  the trumpian far-right simply goes further and adds a love for authoritarianism and true nationalism into the mix , the rise of both the eu in particular was build to prevent . 
  plus , this kind of movement always needs enemies , foreign and domestic , as scapegoats and focal points for hate . 
  and , last but not least , a well-working , united eu would actually be able to form a potent opposing force to the us , which is bad if you 're playing a zero-sum game of wins and losses . 
  long story short , it would be hard to understand why bannon/trump would * not * oppose the eu . 
  we 're their natural target . 
  well , of course it did not happen . 
  the lamestream media just needed to avoid talking about the horrible bowling green massacre , so they invented the crimea invasion . 
  it 's called `` wag the russian '' . 
  sad !, 
  lack of militarism ? 
  one of trumps plans is a major build-up of the armed forces , and he has already [ talked ] ( https://youtu.be/exd2vb5w21i?t=125 ) about how he intends to `` display them '' to proof to his voters how great america is under him . 
  just give him some time . 
  well , they did have the freedom of peaceful assembly , did they not ? 
  no one said anything about freedom * after * peaceful assembly , though ... 
  france has nuclear weapons , and they have done a whole lot of testing . 
  of course , they might not be willing to hand out their plans just like that , but it 's not like no one in europe can build an icbm . 
  edit : iirc , sarkozy already offered germany shared responsibility for their nuclear weapons back when he was in power . 
  be careful in germany , you may end up [ with political asylum ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/aug/08/chinese-tourist-who-lost-wallet-in-germany-ends-up-in-refugee-shelter ) . 
  i think there 's two main reason why the us moved faster on this subject - ( a ) the behaviour of conservatives , and ( b ) the ability of states to legalize gm on their own . 
  in the us , religous conservatives went all-out against gay marriage , with really vicious retoric and not the slightest interest in meeting the other side half-way . 
  on the other hand , liberal states could legalize on their own and thereby sustain a counter-narrative in the public , and ultimately , once people had realized that the sky would not fall , the hardcore conservative position was not all that palatable anymore , and public opinion shifted rather rapidly . 
  in germany , there was a fairly early compromise found , and the conservatives did , for the most part , accept it without the viciousness on display in the states . 
  and regarding ( b ) , here was no way for individual states to press ahead on their own , as the law clearly made this a federal issue . 
  so , the open clash in the states between two very different positions resulted in faster movement once the tide had turned , while the compromise-oriented public debate in germany had the opposite effect . 
  also , keep in mind that the federal us government did not actually hold a * vote * on the subject . 
  like abortion , gm in the us was handed down from the bench of scotus . 
  edit : words, 
  i 've just checked this again - apparently , they * did * fix the tax issue ( after the constitutional court forced them to ) . 
  however , the inequality on adoption remains . 
  depends on the specific implementation , of course , but two possible differences are taxes and adoption . 
  a marriage may lower taxes for the couple , and is often needed to be eligible for adopting children ( or makes it significantly easier , at least ) . 
  civil unions do n't have to come with either . 
  one example is germany . 
  edit : about the religious-ceremony question - that also depends on the country . 
  in some countries , like israel , marriage is only possible as religious ceremony . 
  in other words , if you want to marry someone in israel and are neither muslim nor christian nor jewish ( nor druze ) , you 're shit outta luck . 
  in germany , on the other hand , a legally valid marriage is always * civil * marriage , and the religious ceremony is neither necessary in any way nor valid in and by itself . 
  yes , you 're right . 
  i must admit that i was n't paying that much attention to the specific context of net neutrality . 
  so , it would be better to rephrase my answer as `` your * own * isp does not necessarily know where you 're going '' . 
  not necessarily . 
  if you send net traffic through a series of intermediate nodes , and encrypt the routing information , the isp will only be able to see the first node . 
  that 's exactly the way [ tor ] ( https://www.torproject.org/ ) works . 
  the new base should be ready in august . 
  c'ya later , erdo . 
  you are essentially correct , but iirc , in the house only a simple majority is needed . 
  not that it changes the dynamics much . 
  edit : the 25th amendment process needs 2/3 's in both houses , if contested . 
  that statement is actually even more absurd than a cursory glance at those tables would suggest . 
  in the us , the inheritance tax starts at something like 5 * million * dollar . 
  [ as a result ] ( http://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-tax/ten-facts-you-should-know-about-the-federal-estate-tax?fa=view&amp;id=2655 ) , less than one half of one half ( sic ! ), 
  of one percent of estates are inheritance-taxed * at all !, 
  * for instance , in 2013 only about 20 ( not percentage points ) small businesses had any inheritance taxes to pay , with an average rate of under 5 % . 
  ( edit : words ), 
  by removing the `` m '' from the url . 
  yes . 
  there 's still time , and polls can be off a couple points , too . 
  but he is n't favoured by any means . 
  he can only govern if r2g gets a majority and he has the balls and intra-party influence to make it happen , or if spd-fdp-greens have a majority and are willing to work together or if the spd beats merkels party and he can lead a grand coalition . 
  individually , not one of these outcome is particularly likely to happen , but they 're not unimaginable either . 
  as of right now , i would give him something of a 30 % chance , but i would not violently disagree if someone had him at 20 % or 40 % , either .
