  if germany does it , maybe we can finally follow . 
  lol what am i saying , as if the \u00d6vp / fp\u00d6 would ever ... 
  why are there so many mountain fetishists in this sub ? 
  i 'm disappointed . 
  i thought i was a special snowflake :'(, 
  thunder storms are n't usually that bad though ? 
  or is it just me ? 
  lol i mean i guess i did wake up at 4 am the other night bc it sounded like a bomb went off for a sec , but it 's a very mild inconvenience compared to say ... wildfire lol . 
  ( the wind levels do n't usually get that bad either ), 
  lol austria ca n't decide, 
  leaving it to the women in question is the moral highground because everything else violates their bodily autonomy . 
  look at it this way . 
  let 's say a foetus is a person from the moment of conception ( i do not agree with this view , but let 's say i do for the sake of this argument ) . 
  it can not live outside my body , which means it needs to use my body , my organs , etc. 
  in order to survive . 
  i do n't think there is any other law which mandates that in order to save a person 's life i would not be allowed to have a say in what happens to my body . 
  if a person , any person , needs my kidney to survive ? 
  tough luck if i do n't want to donate it . 
  the same applies to blood donation even though blood donation is comparatively minor . 
  how about forcing people to donate their organs if they 're already dead ? 
  nope . 
  people still get to say no to that even tho it helps nobody . 
  that 's ... a new one lol . 
  dude i 'm disagreeing with you on reproductive rights on an internet forum , not invading your country with an army . 
  also if you 're so confident you 're right and that most of the world agrees with you anyway , why get so bent out of shape over how this sub ~ likes to shit on poland ~ lol, 
  yes , i believe giving women choices when it comes to their own bodies is where the moral highground is . 
  you are correct . 
  make posts about these things if they 're so great ? 
  it 's not just prescription pills though . 
  it 's not like access to birth control and safe abortions has n't been and are n't a big issue in poland , right ? 
  do you think it 's undeserved ? 
  what about this particular case ? 
  news from poland are really depressing lately . 
  it really makes you aware that progress is n't linear and that europe or the eu certainly are n't this progressive haven overall . 
  i agree that it 's not a good situation , i 'm just not sure i would call it undemocratic . 
  germany is a weird case . 
  in the post about kohl dying someone pointed out that you guys only have 2 living chancellors now and kohl himself was chancellor for 16 years . 
  i ca n't even imagine . 
  we 've had 4 different chancellors just since angie took office ( will probably add a 5th in the fall ) . 
  eta : though i should probably add that we 've also been ruled by an sp\u00d6 / \u00d6vp grand coalition for the past 10 years . 
   this way the elections would have at least given the impression of a democratic process . 
  i am disappointed the spd support fizzled tbh but why does it make the election less of a democratic process if the reason merkel will likely win is because most people will likely vote for her ? 
  is there something structural holding back the other parties that i am not aware of ? 
  nope , unfortunately not . 
  ( i say unfortunately because i live close to the czech border lol ), 
   turn them back to where they came from !, 
  ... how ? 
  catapult the syrians back to syria ? 
  libyans to libya ? 
  let 's not forget that those two are failed states atm , so making deportation deals with them is of ... limited use . 
  i 've sometimes gotten the impression that people do not understand that deportation does n't mean you just transport people somewhere else and just drop them off in the middle of nowhere or at an airport or whatever as a unilateral decision tbh, 
  lol this mindset that ee countries are just useless moochers has existed for a while . 
  it has just taken a backseat to `` the greeks/se countries are moochers ! '', 
  and to `` but muslims ! '', 
  in the last few years . 
  what about european and american muslims ( among others ) who do accept gay rights then ? 
  are you gon na insist on a no true scotsman argument ? 
  are they not real muslims ? 
  who do n't count bc `` i say so '' ? 
  lol how often do i need to say that the very fact that there are `` different hands '' is the point ??? 
  also you keep changing the goalposts . 
  first it 's `` islam is inherently incompatible with lgbtq acceptance '' , then it 's `` but not in europe ! '', 
  and now it 's `` but other countries !, 
  this says that 60 % of muslims who describe themselves as very religious are for same-sex marriage . 
  there is a mosque in paris for lgbtq people and a newly opened liberal mosque in berlin , both of which are controversial in the muslim community , but that is the point . 
  the muslim community is n't one big monolith , who all agree on everything and imo we should support movements to open up the faith to be more tolerant rather than seeing extinguishing it as the only possible way . 
  that 's not entirely true . 
  i 'm not going to pretend that the majority of muslims worldwide are in favour of gay rights , but there are progressive movements within the muslim community and there is a large number of western muslims who support gay rights . 
  here 's a study by the pew research center from 2014 for example , regarding the support for same-sex marriage by religious denomination in the us : https://d1ai9qtk9p41kl.cloudfront.net/assets/mc/_external/2016_06/poll.png?h=768&amp;w=418 support by muslims is low compared to jews , hindus , atheists , etc. 
  but it 's about on par with christians overall and certainly higher compared to evangelical christians and mormons . 
  i think that 's the point though ? 
  depending on the culture dominating in any given place at any given time christianity is practiced in very different ways and therefore not inherently compatible or incompatible with lgbtq acceptance or liberal/progressive values . 
  this is why you have two very different attitudes in christianity dominated countries in uganda compared to , say , germany . 
  or how you have different attitutes towards lgbtq people ( among others lol ) in germany in the 1500s compared to now . 
  people have always and will always cherry pick or embellish or re-interpret their faiths . 
  religious doctrine is n't a constant or a law of nature . 
  but what do we do about that ? 
  i 'm in favour of solidarity when it comes to the refugee crisis , but public opinion matters . 
  if juncker/the eu fail to convince people of their solutions that will create more problems down the line and the way to do that is n't going to be as simple as saying `` imagine yourselves in greece 's or italy 's position '' . 
  it will just bounce off the average person because they are not actually in that position . 
  at the same time not doing anything about it , while leaving the status quo to fester and allowing certain countries to cherry pick which eu decisions they go along with and which ones they do n't recognize as democratic will also lead to tensions and possibly destabilisation within the eu . 
  `` that 's still not a solution , that 's passing the blame . '', 
  i agree with you . 
  my point was that it 's somewhat idealistic to expect people to actually care about other people 's problems ( and i do think the issue is largely seen as `` not our problem '' ) simply by invoking a `` what if '' scenario from which people will feel distanced . 
  so your seasons basically function like in game of thrones ? 
  but would n't the answer of a lot of people be `` lol but we 're not , should never have allowed them in the country '' ? 
  well are they lying ?? 
  idk if i 'd want to ban it , but goddamn that facekini ( lol ) looks creepy . 
  but what would banning the burkini realistically do ? 
  many people seem to argue against it or for banning it under the premise that they want to help women , but is n't the more wide-spread consequence going to be that women , who are forced , either directly or indirectly because they have been raised to view immodest clothing as unacceptable , will simply stay away from beaches and swimming pools ? 
  it will only isolate them further and i do n't understand how that would help anyone ? 
  yes , but they specifically made it sound like the problem was that people were n't getting arrested , which is n't the case . 
  i 'm not familiar with the geopraphy and infrastructure in the region so i do n't know to what extent they could take measures to prevent this , how much it would cost , how effective it would actually be ... 
  from the article : `` french police said they arrested nine eritreans found aboard one of the blockaded lorries . '', 
  you make it sound like it is always the same people who keep doing it over and over again . 
  if `` do n't let britain have their cake and eat it too '' is hard line then yes probably lol, 
  i 've never been this insulted in my entire life . 
  lol what 's your problem with warnings ? 
  do you have something against letting people make an informed choice ? 
  informed choice        choice,
