op could place us smack in the middle of hell . 
  he called us `` better '' , so i am appeased . 
  not really lol i mean it 's not a separate country ... 
  i wish we had northern weather in the summer, 
  this varies in my own experience . 
  spar usually has them refrigerated while lidl does n't . 
  i do always put them in the fridge when i get home though . 
  if nothing else , it 's the easiest/most convenient place to store them . 
  `` but the same is true with pedophiles , most know that their fantasies are morally wrong and will never act on them in reality . '', 
  it 's not the same lol . 
  i mean idk about you but i do n't have fantasies of killing people in the first place , which is why those movies and games will possibly impact me differently from those who do . 
  going to a self-support group and talking about how to keep your fantasies in check is majorly different from living them out as well ? 
  again , i 'm not saying either premise is correct or wrong , but your comparisons are flawed . 
  i have no idea whether the initial reasoning is accurate , but i would assume most people who watch violent movies or play violent video games do n't already want to kill someone ? 
  and i 'm not sure how they affect those who do compared to the average consumer . . 
  well macaroon did say france was missing a king figure , this way we can all get into the action, 
  thank you !, 
  i 'm amazed by how many people can not grasp this concept . 
  like ... context matters , folks . 
  ngl i p much only clicked on the picture to see if austria had almdudler, 
   and people are european what does this mean though ? 
  i do n't mean to be contary , or to say that shared commonalities do n't matter . 
  quite contrary , i 'm just not sure i have that much in common with russians either , certainly not based on a fairly arbitrarily drawn line between europe and asia . 
  that strikes me as fairly arbitrary tbh . 
  though fwiw i only asked because i ca n't really picture either russia or turkey in the eu ( not int he foreseeable future at least ) . 
   i would see possible to have russia before in eu than turkey . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  ( just curious ), 
  i 'm not sure about these particular pictures , but stories about signs like these have been in various austrian or german-speaking newspapers since ~ 2015 , i think . 
  rbrookes 's claim that german media ( or indeed austrian media ) are censoring stories about this are bullshit . 
  is n't that what marxist means ? 
  depends ... they could be ( more ) united on getting rid of it, 
  the big feminist conspiracy has been discovered dddd : what will we do now ?? 
   why is king macron the first never called a populist ? 
  i thought he was ? 
   but you ca n't really revoke someone 's nationality just like that ... 
  i do n't know if the dutch have provisions for that , but you definitely can . 
  austrian citizens , for example , can lose their citizenship if they serve a foreign army . 
  what if the person who 's pressuring you is at the polling station with you and they watch you throw your ballot into the ballot box ? 
  ( this is less about the sharing them online part and more about taking a picture which could be used as proof in itself ), 
  usually privacy in the voting booth , so whoever you sold your vote to would have to trust that you actually voted the way you promised . 
  this is among the problems with people taking pictures of their filled in ballots and sharing them online . 
  also with mail votes . 
  ( another issue is that people may coerce you to vote a particular way and ask for proof . ), 
   2 ) a lack of patience with the rule of law this is the part that desturbs me the most, 
  yes . 
  nothing can save that communist hellhole now . 
   nazi germany included people being murdered . 
  lol right ? 
  i can not at this thread . 
  let us have this, 
  that sounds like way too much work and money for something that will probably only be tolerable to me at best . 
  i 've gotten used to beer , but i do n't think i 'll ever get used to coffee , no matter how hard i try . 
  i 'm a bit of a caffeine junkie so i 've really really tried , but it 's still gross . 
  / slowly kills self with energy drinks, 
  coffee is disgusting, 
  it 's getting a bit silly ... 
  sometimes we are both !, 
  [ my fav pic of him ] ( http://imgl.krone.at/bilder_skaliert/2016/12/13/so-beleidigt-felix-baumgartner-den-praesidenten-unfassbarer-affront-story-543919_1164x658px_e0ba23afddc59fea0ec61c235966f4f3__baumgartner-bellen-s1260_jpg_1481467_1164.jpg ), 
  for anyone who 's curious about how usual/unusual tornadoes are in europe : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_tornadoes_and_tornado_outbreaks, 
  thank god lol is there a way to filter them out ? 
  / new-ish to reddit, 
  this is what 's always so strange to me . 
  most of the time the people going on and on about how overly sensitive people are are throwing a fit about something that does n't really affect them in a negative way for the sake of it ? 
  maybe people are being overly sensitive , but if it does n't hurt me , why should i care ? 
  our political landscape pretty much has politicians falling over themselves over who would call for a referendum to block turkey from joining first too lol, 
   here is no way you can have homosexual marriage and remain within any confines of islamic faith . 
  people have cherrypicked and re-defined their faiths since the beginning of time lol sometimes a healthy dose of hypocrisy is just that , healthy . 
  thank god . 
   closing our eyes to problems outside of our own immediate country , it 's not even just that lol i read pretty much the same discussion when it came to de-radicalisation programs within germany where people were against it and essentially clung to the `` we never should have let them come here '' ~ argument as if that would solve anything, 
  how so ? 
  read my comment again . 
   the only thing they 're refusing is quota , which is not a requirement for joining european union , nor receiving funds . 
  is agreeing to being bound by decisions made by european institutions , where , coincidentally , poland is represented a requirement for joining the eu ? 
   ah yes because the chancellor telling her people `` we can do it '' to the current influs and the floor of refugees , constitutes an invitation . 
  good to kno . 
  the more i read on this subject the more i get the feeling that actually trying to deal with a problem or anythng other than throwing your hands up and crying `` this should have never happened ! '', 
  is seen as a fault ... 
  you do n't , usually ? 
  it 's pretty much used for cases when gender is either unspecified or unknown . 
  the singular they is n't anything new though ? 
  i 've used it since long before i realized it was even a subject of discussion because i 've absorbed it through the english language . . from wikipedia : `` the singular they had emerged by the 14th century and is common in everyday spoken english , but its use has been the target of criticism since the late 19th century . '', 
  that 's what we want you to believe , 
  i never minded because i like wearing earrings even though i do it rarely now , but i guess you never know . 
  we had 3 lol first round of the presidential election , second round and then we had to re-do the second round because the fp\u00d6 contested the result and the court found a lot of ... mishandling of mail ballot votes that could have made tampering possible . 
  then this year one of our coalition parties started pretty much blocking and torpedo-ing their own leader for any sort of cooperation with the other coalition party till he stepped down and the coalition blew up about 1.5 years before the legislative period would have been over . 
  i am extremely salty about it bc stop making us vote already and why tf did you extend the legislative period from 4 to 5 years if you can only make it through the actual 5 years about every other time . 
  we also have elections in the fall and i wonder if this could make it a bigger issue during the campaign . 
  it 's a weird mix bc on the one hand , yes , but on the other hand sometimes i do get this feeling of `` do n't you fucking dare insult germany , only we 're allowed to do that ! '', 
  make austria/hre great again !, 
  ( literally ), 
  i 'd be into it tbh, 
  ok , so you 're not against gay marriage in some theoretical mind space where nobody ever spends any time on actually implementing it , but in the real world you seem to be against it by the sheer nature of you ... not wanting to spend any time or efforts on implementing it . 
  there will always be `` bigger '' problems , so effectively you 're saying we should never do it . 
  do n't . 
  care . 
  about . 
  gay . 
  marriage . 
  you seem to care a lot , actually lol,
