no need for sarcasm , we actually are richer than portugal . 
  i would more expect something like : ` why not slovakia ? ', 
  finally something for the ladies . 
  more please !, 
  zagreb ... really ? 
  i honestly felt more safe in zagreb than in barcelona . 
   the drug is dangerous , and should require a prescription . 
  it is not as dangerous as abortion . 
  also you need to take pill in 24h from having sex for the best result . 
  you need to take pill in 72 hours or will no longer have affect . 
  it is not easy to go the doctor and get appointment . 
   they do n't even know we exist , i 'm feeling very safe . 
  i 'm feeling twice as safe , living in slovenia . 
  no one knows we exists , where we are . 
  or they would probably bomb slovakia . 
  we have the weirdest curses . 
  not imported ones from balkans , but true slovenian curses . 
  300 hairy bears --  * tristo kosmatih medvedov * it 's a white road --  * jebela cesta * [ video more curse words ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxmy8bf5dtc ), 
  last year it was medvedjev . 
  every year is a different person , but always someone important . 
  also maybe they want to show him a video on yt putin , putout ( sorry for no link , i am on mobile ), 
  actually it 's more one-time-a-year memorial for russian pows who build the chapel and the road ( ? ), 
  in the mountains . 
  many also died . 
  it was during world war i. 
  this year they invited putin . 
  they are probably not going to talk about war or anything important , maybe bussines . 
  putin will probably eat and drink and then go home . 
   putin invites himself ? 
  i do n't think we want that . 
  i do n't think we have legends about barbara . 
  just that she married a king and went to live in germany i think . 
  what 's the legend about her ? 
   maybe they were slavs . 
  probably not . 
  i would say slavs are at least * rapey * , at least from central european countries , i can not speak for russians , ukrainians . .  already very rapey compared to americans as someone who has visited different parts america , i ca n't agree with this . 
  i was catcalled in the streets and a gropped quite a few times . 
   for which job can you expect $ 1100 net , though . 
  i work as a administrative worker in an office and that 's my salary . 
  8hours/day , 5 days a week . 
  most people work for minimum wage . 
   http://imgur.com/ijgzwsk?r probably old data . 
  recent trends show men like older women who look a bit young for their age . 
  i know quite a lot of women who are around 30 or even more and will date guys who are around 25 years old . 
  * and no , i 'm not 30 years old  *, 
  breakfast : around 10 am ( i start working at 7 am , so maybe i 'll have a piece of fruit before ) lunch : during weekend around 1pm , during workdays 4 pm dinner : around 7pm , no later . 
  but it 's something small . 
  my biggest meal of the day is lunch . 
  i really wonder what will happen in summer with all the short dresses , shorts , tank tops . 
  now women wear jackets , coats , scarfs , etc because it 's cold and these attacks still happen . 
  not that what you wear matter . 
  but it will be much easier to blame the victims , because a young woman with a great body was wearing tight dress and walking alone . 
  if needed , possible they could just be accompanied by some sort of male guardian whenever they have to go somewhere . 
  are you serious ? 
  * coughs * ladies of / r/europe would like to see male representation in the monaco navy too, 
   there 's really nothing for them do on the slovenian coast , so they 're almost never here . 
  true , but it 's because both of them can not fit into our sea . 
  that ship is so big is larger than our sea . 
  help nato . 
  i think both are patroling near italy . 
  triglav saves refugees sometimes . 
  yes, 
  [ wiki article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovenian_navy ) [ photo is from here ] ( https://sl.wikipedia.org/wiki/430._mornari%c5%a1ki_divizion_slovenske_vojske ), 
   asking since they left out most of the balkans i might be wrong but i think illyrians were present on the balkans . 
  can someone call khaleesi ? 
  ireland what 's wrong with you ? 
  adria airways : ridiculously overpriced . 
  you get what you would get with low-cost airline , but 4x the price . 
  we actually have a cool ad . 
  i saw a photo : there were 4 or 5 men and one women barefoot carrying a child ( around 2 years old ) and she had a backpack too . 
  all men wore shoes . 
  no one helped her carrying anything . 
  yes , but a few years after that tito and stalin had a fight and yugoslavia did n't have any conection to ussr . 
   yugoslav states were just loosely associated with warsaw pact . 
  tito and stalin were n't excatly best friends . 
  no , sorry i do n't think there is a live stream . 
  human fishes do n't move around very much , they are more or less at the same spot , so stream would be the most boring thing on earth, 
  http://mysteriousuniverse.org/2016/02/human-fish-lays-eggs-in-slovenian-cave-aquarium/ slovenian media are keeping us updated with more details . 
  we do it do . 
  :d slovensko in our language = slovenian, 
  thank you kind internet person . 
  that 's really nice hear . 
   other than that , life in slovenia is pretty uneventful . 
  except when then older people eat cookies which have marijuana in them without them knowing it . 
  newspaper headlines for weeks . 
  or now when sex life of our little human fish is the main theme of tv news . 
  i know . 
  it is sad , especially how big the hate got . 
  it got more media coverage than his work . 
  and if he was a woman and wore a t-shirt : women rule or anything similar there would n't be any hate or would even be praised . 
   where are the tough feminists when you need them ? 
  i agree with you . 
  i 'm a woman , i would call myself a feminist , but i 'm sick and disgusted by so-called feminists who hate men for just existing and picking on a single thing they can find . 
  example : taylor swift gets an award , but feminits are angry because there is no woman producer , just 8 men in her team . 
  they do n't help , do n't cope with real problems ( which often apply to both genders ) : rape , sexual abuse , genital mutilation , child marriage etc. 
  these are the real problems . 
  not that one when scientist wore a shirt with naked women on it while accepting an award ( matt taylor who was a scientist on rosetta project ) edit : added a sentence . 
   merkel is childless so his comment probably hit a bit too close to home . 
  he 's right though . 
  the birth rate across the eu was 1.55 in 2013 .
