it 's a show of strength . 
  it might be a clich\u00e9 but it 's true that the russian mentality is very aggressive . 
  the definitions of political identity are always changing . 
  the left in britain ( the labour party ) is notorious for covering up the rape and abuse of thousands of children in the north of england , for example , but no one considers it to be such a big deal . 
  because he 's getting ready to be prime minister . 
  find me the place in the bible where it says that christ fucked a 9 year old girl . 
  find me the place in the bible where christ says it 's okay to kill or enslave anyone . 
  you can only say they are both as bad as each other if you look up the trippy shit in the old testament . 
  if you look at what christ actually said ( which makes up the bulk of christian teachings and always has ) , he 's clearly way cooler than mohammad . 
  it is well documented that the prophet was a warlord who engaged in warfare , slavery and massacre . 
  what was the worst thing jesus did ? 
  kicked some guys asses because they desecrated a temple ? 
  that 's hardly comparable ... 
  it will make london seem even further away from the rest of england . 
  i think a lot of the hate towards saudi arabia comes from their sponsorship of wahhabi islami , the extreme form of islam that is adhered to , and closely tied up with , jahadi terrorists . 
  most of the extremist preachers in the muslim world were educated and paid for by saudis . 
  i know iran helps out its shia allies in the me but as far as the west is concerned they 're much less dangerous . 
  not just india - pakistan , bangladesh , thailand , vietnam , indonesia , malasia ... not to mention latin america . 
  if china sanctioned the eu , there 'd be a fucking * week long national holiday * in india . 
  china make nothing that ca n't be bought elsewhere , usually for less . 
  by contrast , their growing middle class ca n't get enough of western goods . 
  any source/extra reading on this ? 
  russia has way more opponents than the ussr did . 
  poland , czech republic , the baltic states , east germany have all `` gone west '' . 
  all pretty small on their own but also reasonably wealthy with a high-tech military . 
  they are also pretty well organised , and more importantly they have a will to fight . 
  plus you have germany , france the uk , sweden , italy ... not to mention the us . 
  in terms of conventional hardware , russia does n't even register as a threat . 
  `` middle power : sweden '' . 
  it seems paradox have fans in high places . 
  what do you think happens to that $ 10bn ? 
  that is `` maintainance , training , etc '' . 
  imports do n't feed into a money multiplier . 
  hungary had russia to bail her out . 
  who do russia have ? 
  the chinese ? 
  but where will germany , france and england go when we all want a scrap ? 
  we ca n't fight in our own countries , that 's where all our stuff is . 
  there 's no where near enough nukes to actually kill the world 's population outright . 
  you could n't even kill all of the populations of the affected countries . 
  the nuclear winter/fallout and political instability would kill way more than the blasts . 
  that is very interesting , thankyou . 
  why do you regard russia as being pro-isreal ? 
  no , advocating your own group of people is a universal trait in humanity . 
  the supremacy of european peoples above all others . 
  ideology can go to hell . 
  you make a very articulate and thoughtful point . 
  however , i maintain that teachers do not have the discipline necessary to enforce the sort of education that would benefit boys , and that educating girls is far easier . 
  i also disagree with your assertion , and maintain that education has become more feminised . 
  just look at a textbook from the 60s or 70s on any given subject . 
  ignoring the factual innacuracies that would have creeped in over time , notice how textbooks years ago encouraged students to learn and understand the subject matter - textbooks now encourage communication and attitude , and are frankly grossly over-produced . 
  particularly those gcse bitesize sort of documents ( of which i have read dozens ) , it feels like actual knowledge or information is being carefully rationed and controlled . 
  what do you think alexander the great 's tutor ( aristotle ) would have done if alexander had been talking and mucking about during a lecture ? 
  he 'd have given him a clip round the ear and told him to pay attention . 
  modern teachers will simply ignore kids who are n't paying attention , so long as they do n't interfere with the learning of others . 
  in my school essays could get you through every single subject . 
  even maths was structured in such a way that one or two key modules were 100 % coursework , so if you aced them then that would give you enough marks to get a b/c in the subject overall . 
  but science and it were about 80 % essay based . 
  is n't that the wrong way round though ? 
  should n't you examine evidence , then make your mind up ? 
  i never did a levels so i do n't know how they work . 
  why though ? 
  why should the ability to deconstruct and interpret literature be considered similar to displaying an in-depth knowledge of a historical era ? 
  i 'm glad for you honestly . 
  i never got the hang of writing so i failed everything ( except maths ) . 
  i quickly became used to being the first/only guy in the class to actually understand what was being discussed , as well as the only one who did n't even get a grade . 
  `` less discipline '' ? 
  i think the consensus here , such as it is , is for * more * discipline , not less . 
  i did history gcse , and i always felt like what actualy happened in the past took second fiddle to essay writing . 
  if you ca n't write an essay , you 'll fail , regardless of how good your knowledge or understanding is . 
  if you can write an essay , you 'll pass , regardless of how little you know . 
  it was the exact same structure as english - teacher shows the kids a poem/story/historical source , tells them half a dozen things about it that they need to regurgitate in the exam , then moves on to the next one . 
  my friend and i ( who were both really interested in history ) just used to ignore the teacher and read our textbooks , then we 'd talk about what we 'd read . 
  it was really cool and i learned a lot . 
  of course , we both failed outright ... 
  impossible . 
  girls did n't bridge the gap by working harder or becoming more intelligent - that gap was closed because the entire educational system was rebuilt to be suited to their needs . 
  the only way it can be reversed is if education became more about discipline , order and learning . 
  which in my opinion will never happen . 
  i remember doing the technical/vocational courses at my school ( this is like 10 years ago ) on the recommendation of teachers , since they were the courses that were supposed to appeal to practical people who actually enjoy doing things ( as opposed to girls who are happy to sit and be instructed to ) . 
  of the two year course , we had one hour of practical activity , preceded and followed by * hours * of preparation , planning and evaluation . 
  it was an absolute joke . 
  turkey has nowhere else to go . 
  unless erdogan wants to be remembered as the man who turned a prosperous , secular turkey into another islamic backwater , he 's going to have to start making some concessions . 
  why is n't this being picked up by the bbc ? 
  pfi is n't like conventional government borrowing though . 
  the government contractually agrees to paying fixed rates for a very long period of time - typically the total amount comes to 2 or 3 times what the building would have cost by simply paying for it upfront . 
  it has bankrupted several nhs trusts and causes severe financial strain on others , as well as placing a huge burden on departmental budgets for years to come . 
  also , we are n't china . 
  simply building infrastructure will not magic gdp growth out of the air . 
  if you were serious about increasing gdp you 'd want to keep the minimum wage low and make energy as cheap as possible , neither of which this government seems keen on doing . 
  but , the numbers speak for themselves . 
  non-british whites will be either europeans or people from the anglosphere . 
  both groups of people are much more culturally similar to english white people than asians or africans . 
  i wonder what would happen if france decided to build a big-ass wall to segregate its muslim areas . 
  except it did . 
  leave would never win in northern ireland because half of the population consider themselves to be irish , and scotland is economically dependant on outside money - of course they would vote for the eu . 
  do you regard * all * nationalism as nonsense btw ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure both sides were trying to appeal to nationalism in one form or another . 
  that is a very strange thought .
