  perhaps surprisingly to some , considering our recent * cough * vote , not particularly and not at all if i know them well . 
  though got to say hungarians sounds sort of funny cute speaking english . 
  in fairness in some parts of england , that 's not far off a national costume either . 
  to be honest , i had this just ordering a coke from a pub once in liverpool ( i 'm from ne england ) . 
  obviously we were both english but it took several attempts !, 
  i can see how that could get tiresome . 
  sorry on behalf of us !, 
  something similar to me happened in spain . 
  i was just asking for something really simple at a bar and in mild panic blurted out some some weird hybrid of french and spanish . 
  a portuguese friend , who basically speaks 4-5 languages fluently was stood right behind me and got a lot of enjoyment from my excruciating embarrassment !, 
  only when used as a means of implying everyone in the country is somehow still at fault . 
  no one is responsible for what happened before their parents or even grandparents were born . 
  do n't have a go because something was done to someone else , by someone else before we were all born ffs !, 
  the ones who baffle ( rather than offend ) me are people from former colonies lecturing former colonisers on historical injustices against the natives of a former colony , while still waving the whole `` imperialist '' argument around . 
  frankly , it was their ancestors that left and did the actual colonising , the rest of us stayed at home  having said that , there 's often a tendency for people to ignore the shitty things that ones own country has been responsible for . 
  in our case there 's a tendency to immediately counter with `` yes but we also did the following great things ... etc. . . '' sometimes without knowing about or even accepting the bad . 
  we like our pipsqueak cousin though !, 
  i do n't think we know we 're your rivals !, 
  there are a few accents i love . 
  the one in fargo is really cute ( minnesota ) , new york ( maybe not love , but enjoy the attitude ) and some southern accents are really appealing to me . 
  i tend to attach those to certain characters from t.v rather than knowing automatically where they are from , for example trip from enterprise ( think he was from texas ? 
  ) , true blood ( louisiana ) etc. . . 
  i 'm not particularly fond of other american accents , maybe due to over exposure ( ? ), 
  despite which i largely ca n't tell them apart if i 'm honest . 
  generally no because suburbs are definitively part of a given town or city or they are a totally separate town/village . 
  having thought about that a bit more though , one particular area on the outskirts of my town ( basically the wealthiest part of the town ) , used to be a stand alone village that was absorbed as the town grew . 
  you do get people who live there talking as though they are from a separate place , it can be a bit irritating as it 's basically just snobbery . 
  other than that usually you would give the town name and if the person you are talking to has never heard of it , just say that its x miles from the nearest big city . 
  in an ideal world , it would be amazing if most decisions were in the hands of the electorate . 
  however this relies on the electorate being prepared to be more proactive in understanding an issue ( than is currently the case ) and as importantly relies on balanced reporting of the pros and cons of a given outcome . 
  the more complex an issue the more difficult that becomes , some issues ( like brexit ) can end up very complicated . 
  some people will also vote on a given issue because they hold an opinion that 's taken a lifetime to cement itself and that wo n't change very easily for any reason , no matter how compelling the opposite argument . 
  equally some people are easily swayed down a given path via headlines , soundbites and unbalanced opinion pieces in the media , meaning voters can be hijacked by vested interests or at best be left confused ( which a lot of undecideds were in the brexit votes ) . 
  overall i 'd say i 'm against for those reasons . 
  bush to obama to trump is a bit of a roller coaster ride . 
  i 'm expecting the next president to be the dalai lama . 
  no , it has n't particularly changed my opinion . 
  the us like any country has its polarised voters some of whom ( mostly on one particular pole ) come across in a very unflattering light . 
  however , most people lie somewhere in the middle of a particular pole , waiting to be persuaded/sold a crock and place their votes with whoever can offer the best vision for their lives . 
  the same happened with brexit . 
  it 's true that trump does n't really leave a good impression of your government though , or its ability to act rationally when the need arises . 
  i 'm not going into his political beliefs ( does he have any that ca n't be changed on a whim ? 
  ) , its more his temperament , general air of incompetence and apparent lack of understand of how politics/law work in his own country , let alone the rest of the world that are a worry . 
  you get to use actual rotten fruit though . 
  what 's not to like ? 
  submit . 
  eesh downvoted . 
  i was only joking ffs !, 
  this all sorts of 1970s depressing , well actually horrible to read !, 
  i hope your experience is n't the norm for mixed race / black people in finland or anywhere else in europe . 
  17 , i think i was a little late to the party though compared with most . 
  or possibly was n't invited . 
  either way !, 
  i 'd have to ban private gun ownership . 
  our former administration of your fair country did n't end so well last time ... because too many pea shooters . 
  so this time you shall be armed with nothing more dangerous than out of date tomatoes . 
  the weapons shall be melted down and used to build a wall around your bible belt , a big wall . 
  the best wall . 
  on the subject of incendiary fruit , my second action is that your current pronunciation of tomatoes will be amended to the correct pronunciation . 
  same goes for aluminium which , like uranium , plutonium and strontium will now be pronounced correctly . 
  same goes for iraq , iran etc. . . think of italy and start from there ( unless you pronounce italy the way you pronounce the other two . 
  in which case forget that ! ) . 
  your nukes will also be converted into garden pots and used to grow gigantic carrots . 
  i 'm not sure why , but i like the idea of giant carrots , unless they are giant radioactive carrots - which may be a possibility . 
  you will also be renamed canada . 
  pretty much covers it . 
  it must be bad then , 
  freedom fries taste better than oppressed fries . 
  my warcraft guild tends to attract a lot of english speakers from other parts of europe ( occasionally beyond ) , largely scandinavians , a few germans and hungarians etc. . . probably just under half the regular guild members . 
  the experience is positive , how people come across is more to do with their personality , age etc. . . nationality does n't really seem to have any real influence . 
  although , i have learned hungarians speaking english is really cute lol, 
  well there 's a slightly higher than 50 % chance based on your own assertion ... :p, 
  i 'd keep my opinions to myself unless but not really make an issue of it . 
  in fairness the handful of people i 've known who do go to church have only ever mentioned it fairly casually in passing , without making it a big thing of it . 
  it 's sort of rare to meet someone who does though . 
  i like a lot of us entertainment and media - but in most other respects i would n't think of the average american as particularly cool . 
  my perception is that you are probably a little more conservative in most respects ( on average ) than most europeans , aussies etc. . . so maybe even the opposite of cool . 
  hard to say who i would consider `` cool '' the irish have cool accents , the dutch have a sort of amusing bluntness , aussies a laid back attitude , jamaican 's even more laid back than that ( naturally apart from the irish accent all stereotyped bull ofc ) . 
  if it helps american 's deal with some of the less flattering comments here , brits are probably the least cool to other europeans , almost on a par with leprosy !, 
  pakistanis running corner shops/newsagents was a big thing , so much so that the shops were actually called by an abbreviation of the word pakistani . 
  but the term is now considered pretty offensive and racist , so it 's not used as much by most people . 
  very common in some areas , particularly poorer former industrial areas , pretty common in middle aged people and much more common among kids now than it used to be . 
  fat shaming like any other form of bullying is generally frowned on but , despite its prevalence , being fat is also increasingly frowned on . 
  i 've never been personally , but stonehenge is apparently a bit of a let down due to being close to a fairly busy road ( destroying the atmosphere ) and also since people cant really get too close . 
  yes , our political system is very outdated . 
  it leaves us ( realistically ) with a choice between two parties , allows for appointed representatives , pisses off both the regions of england and the various nations of the uk and basically leaves a lot of people fairly politically indifferent . 
  climbing the scaffolding running up the side of a masonic hall to piss on its roof , then nearly falling through the scaffolding . 
  i lived to tell the tale mainly because my jeans caught on something as i plummeted . 
  yes , they are minor league . 
  it tends to be the same handful of muppets gathering for the same protests and achieving pretty much nothing . 
  stay , but since that is n't an option i 'd prefer the separation to a divorce . 
  fairly close to canada , australia and new zealand - a lot of people have families living in each other countries and there 's a lot of shared history etc. . . less close to the us , but still close due to the whole overlap in popular culture etc. . . 
  that lack of a hand wave ( or other form of acknowledgement ) to thank somebody should be an instant driving ban . 
  a serious joke ? 
  ok maybe more a tongue in cheek reference to our lack of popularity right now , than the side splitting hysterical laughter type , 
  thanks for the reply . 
  i understand the frustration . 
  i know she 's amazing . 
  the actress practically plays the same role as the master in dr who lol, 
  it was a joke,
