  if the eu believes itself so weak & so unpopular that it can only unite under threat of sanction , then i 'd question if that spirit you talk of even exists . 
  that does not make sense . 
  screwing the uk over does not benefit other eu citizens . 
  whilst a `` bad deal '' would harm the uk more than the eu , a bad deal would also harm the eu . 
  it would also harm certain countries disproportionately more than others i.e. 
  those that do a lot of trade with the uk . 
  are you prepared to see those countries harmed ? 
  that seems to run contrary to the ideas of eu solidarity . 
  i agree it 's unlikely and undesirable from an eu perspective to give as good a deal as already exists , but that 's not the same as saying that there is n't a workable solution that allows the bulk of business and trade to continue on better terms than might otherwise exist if we lapse back into a basic trading relationship . 
  surely even if you do n't agree with developing a reasonable fta , there 's a big difference between not implementing a fta and actively trying to screw over another country ? 
  after all , the eu sees it as desirable and presumably profitable and therefore beneficial to its citizens , to develop free trade arrangements with other countries already outside the eu ( countries with whom it does far less trade with when compared with the uk ) . 
  the brexiters are getting more brexity by the day . 
  not less . 
  afraid i dont, 
  i 'd say various british newspapers and some british politicians have done that . 
  i 'm not sure successive british governments have used the eu as a scapegoat , even if they have disagreed with much of the eu on a lot of issues . 
  true . 
  but equally when the british do they same , they are also accused of threats - by some . 
  getting silly everywhere really . 
  probably, 
  what are you arguing against btw ? 
  do you agree or disagree that the uk and france are equally irrelevant or not ? 
  or is it just that you think france is a cut above ? 
  it was designed to meet french needs ; beyond any other and led to big surpluses in food , it also excludes developing nations that could potentially sell their produce into the eu . 
  of course that ca n't be allowed to happen because the french will drop barrels of pigshit and lines of tractors at every port and border crossing as they do whenever their interests are threatened by any attempt to change the status quo . 
  why are french demands to meet their own needs however justified , more important than others ? 
  there are countries other than france that formed the eec and they did n't all need a photocopy of the parliament in their country to massage their ego . 
  we did n't need it in the uk either , it 's fine in brussels . 
  it 's an observation , not a bitch and i 'm sure it 's one people from outside the uk have made too . 
  seriously that tired old trope about the uk being a trojan horse for the us ; that 's just a french argument to keep the brits at arm 's length because they see the eu as their personal playpen . 
  you never wanted us involved , because we threatened your little hegemon , that 's all . 
  shame that compared with germany you are starting to seem a little less important than you feel you deserve . 
  you seem to be implying the uk was the lone eu country in iraq ... poland , romania , spain , estonia , czech republic , denmark , latvia , slovakia , italy , norway , hungary , netherlands and portugal all contributed troops to a greater or lesser extent . 
  you must consider them all us drones too , but at least they have you to look up to . 
  it 's not freedom from superpowers you hope for , it 's using the eu to become a superpower by proxy . 
  bojo is an idiot , but he has a point . 
  trade barriers = more expensive goods = less demand for those goods , false offence at his comments aside . 
  narrowing the whole of brexit down to a tongue in cheek comment he made about prosecco sales is a far greater and more deliberate choice to over simplify an argument . 
  anyway i have actual work to do ... 
  yes and the cap was n't designed to help the french more than anyone and the eu parliament has to sit in strasbourg for reasons other than french ego . 
  i have n't seen a british pm `` pretend to say '' anything he/wants and justify it because of the special relationship either , but then i 'm not sure exactly what you mean . 
  i agree - even the term special relationship tends to make me cringe a little too , although the americans use the same term . 
  i did n't comment on brexit , but since you did ... that was n't the biggest argument for brexit and i say that as someone who voted remain . 
  it was n't an accurate description of it either . 
  i think what you are referring to is the counter argument to claims britain has no leverage with the eu ; the counter argument being this to be untrue because we have a significant trade imbalance with the eu . 
  this suggests in some peoples mind that we therefore do have some leverage . 
  obviously there are plenty of people who claim this to be bollocks and point out relevant reason why it is bollocks . 
  i did n't claim anything . 
  i pointed out that the uk and france are equally irrelevant or at least on the same scale of relevance , if you would prefer . 
  libya also has a significant impact on the migrant crisis . 
  i believe france had some involvement in that and needed to beg the us for help despite your so called independence and ability to act entirely alone . 
  farage , trump and bojo are morons . 
  i did n't say i liked or supported them anymore than being french means you support le pen . 
  i do n't speak for all `` people '' but some people want to open up our markets to other economies outside of the eu and to widen trading opportunities for britain with those countries . 
  i personally voted to stay in the eu before you start challenging me on those ideas . 
  niether japan or china were part of the british empire . . but i 'm not sure how closer economic ties equals empire building . 
  the only people who seem to refer to the british empire on a regular basis are non-brits fishing for insults . 
  1 ) some of the time 2 ) probably, 
  we probably matter just as much as other irrelevant countries with an overinflated opinion of their own value to the world . 
  like yours . 
  jesus christ every time i read a stupid comment like this my piss boils . 
  they dont build the subs . 
  ironically misfired in the direction of the us, 
  we probably didnt trust the americans would risk all out nuclear war just to retaliate against a russian nuke dropped on birmingham . 
  but just to clarify , the warheads are not american - the ballistic missile bit is . 
  no it 's because its cheaper than developing a new missile system . 
  what were our clear conquest ambitions on the continent ? 
  the only big wars on the european continent involving the uk took place to thwart other countries conquest ambitions , rather than fulfil our own . 
  beyond europe there was competition between various european powers from the 17th century onwards ofc ... 
  it will be interesting to see how the 27 vs 1 meme holds up to scrutiny once we have left . 
  i thought the uk was always pretty transparent in regards to not wanting to give more power away to eu institutions . 
  that 's fair enough . 
  though if we started facilitating government sanctioned tax avoidance , i 'd say that puts us into cayman island territory , which could n't really work in an economy the size of the uk . 
  depends what is meant by tax avoidance measures ofc . 
  oh i agree it 's not black and white . 
  i 'm sure some on the tory right would love to go ahead with implementing an extreme neoliberal economy and would find it very convenient to blame the eu for something they want anyway . 
  i tend to think , however , that it 's just pre-negotiation bluster and not a particularly realistic or palatable option for many people in the uk . 
  on your second point the eu probably wo n't react at all to how britain runs its internal taxes - as long as it did n't try and turn itself into a big version of the cayman islands ( unlikely ) and that was n't being suggested -- more of an equally unlikely bigger , colder singapore . 
  if so the uk would just be another external nation with as much freedom to set its own tax arrangements as canada or japan , the only difference being geographical proximity . 
  but that is how you are interpreting it , not necessarily how the majority of leave voters think ( in my opinion and certainly speaking with them ) . 
  i 'm not denying some idiots feel that way , but i 'd say they are a minority . 
  most people voting leave seemed to have more complex reasoning that hatred . 
  they perceive that uncontrolled eu immigration has been damaging to their local economies ( wage deflation ) and has put pressure on housing , health and education services . 
  this is n't helped by a constant diet of negativity from our ` click bait ' newspapers . 
  3 million worth of net immigration will have an impact if successive useless governments do n't plan for it . 
  now you can blame/hate immigrants , which is not a sentiment that i 've heard from most . 
  you can blame immigration ( which is slightly different i.e. 
  you can hate water for filling the bath , or just turn the tap off ) , or you can blame the government for its lack of investment in infrastructure . 
  either way the effects on those local communities will be the same and it 's the perceived effects that people were ( amongst other things ) reacting to . 
  i 'm pretty certain it shows the attitude of one person . 
  i do n't actually think there is an agenda for britain to become a tax haven , not in the sense it 's being portrayed ( ie britain threatening the eu ) . 
  i see it more as a worst case scenario if britain screws itself through brexiting and the arrangements in place with the eu are so negative that the government would have to change things drastically to compensate . 
  i 'm not sure there are any winners in that scenario . 
  genuinely curious so i 'll ask ... what has the uk blocked that you think the majority of people in europe would have liked to see happen ? 
  obviously we have excluded ourselves from the euro and schengen , but wondering what we have stopped the rest of europe from implementing ? 
  it 's understandable . 
  very few british business leaders are impressed either . 
  business would be happy for the uk to just stay linked to the eu via a norway style arrangement , it 's just not on the cards right now - unless the tories get booted from power in time for someone else to save the day . 
  if we enter into a free trade deal with the us , it will probably mean twats flowing freely across the atlantic in both directions . 
  we really do export some dregs across the atlantic .
