  they still refuse to really give an answer other than `` we will be in control '' which suggest to me they are ready to compromise and always have been . 
  i 've already had a conversation with one leave voter that went something like this ( following a news story about the negative effect of brexit ) . 
  leave voter : i 'm starting to be really worried about this brexit thing . 
  me : but you voted for it !? 
  leave voter : i know , but i do n't really think i understood what i was voting for . 
  that should be the case , but our elected representatives are not behaving like they know a great deal about anything . 
  back then the eu decided to leave england :(, 
  yes they did but they also did some joint research and development on the outcome of both programs . 
  just not sure that its ongoing . 
  i tend to :p, 
  they 're *, 
  thanks for the info . 
  if only you were the only one that said it !, 
  i 'd not heard about this till you mentioned it , so looked it up : http://thediplomat.com/2017/03/japan-and-uk-to-collaborate-on-advanced-stealth-fighter-jet/ i understand we 're also working pretty closely with the french on ucav development . 
  have n't tranche 3 typhoons been significantly upgraded to multi-role status ? 
  i do n't think the typhoon was unsuccessful , but countries cut back their orders significantly as it was coming into production , making it more expensive than it should have been . 
  curious as as to why finland is the highest destination for uk investment ? 
  or at least what it is that is being invested in ? 
  because there 's always going to be more happening in a huge city than a small town / village ? 
  at which point nigel will be living in the us as an immigrant . 
  heart warming that the `` english superiority complex '' is just accepted as a given . 
  normally sweeping generalisations based on nationality lead to accusations of xenophobia . 
  i 've been hoping to see a european psychologist to cure me of my deep psychological wound . 
  no english psychologist can help ofc ... 
  they are equally afflicted . 
  i can barely cope with my own misguided superiority at times . 
  of course , but your comment suggested that the uk does n't do anything other than dig up coal . 
  i 'm not suggesting sweden does n't do anything , but that the uk does ( and in greater volume ) . 
  seriously ... 
  this i would pay for . 
  provided the only weapon allowed was a large haddock . 
  surrender !, 
  if you stick your fingers in your ears hard enough then everything you believe to be true can be . 
  it 's like magic . 
  i thought they were just going to present a bill that included existing obligations ? 
  which is different from just slapping random costs on the uk . 
  i doubt we 'll know much more tomorrow than today . 
  this is going to drag on for a while . 
  they probably watch too much downton abby or something i suppose . 
  has scotland already left the uk ? 
  because every time they reach the point they need to scale up , they get bought out by google or apple or ... 
  and pretty much every other eu country . . what an odd comment . 
  in fairness i do n't think we ever manufactured coal , it was just dug up . 
  as for now . . we 're not great at consumer products , only dyson and arm ( basically the company behind the processor in most mobiles phones/tablets etc. . ) spring to mind - but ... aircraft engines , aircraft and aircraft parts , gas turbines and high end engineering , pharmaceuticals , luxury cars & boats , helicopters & satellites , weapons and weapons systems , jcb is a pretty big company for construction equipment , clothing according to plenty of people here . 
  so we still manufacture a few useful items . 
  i suppose its because the design ( and manufacturing ? ), 
  side of things are uk based . 
  you are using american products just to write that ... 
  i 've always found this line of argument from the us a little strange . 
  you spend more on defence than you need to then seem both proud and angry about it at the same time . 
  if it is such as issue , just cut defence spending to something closer to european levels . 
  you can then all have the amazing levels of health and social care spending europe is often criticised for whenever this issue is discussed . 
  if not , there is probably something else keeping your defence spending as high as it is . 
  do you really need to have a military x times the size of everyone else combined ? 
  if europe then feels they need to increase their defence spending to compensate it will - but if it still feel adequately protected by its existing military nothing much will change . 
  to be fair , if the eu merges its military , they probably wo n't even need to increase defence spending to be more than adequately protected . 
  the other points you make re : pharmaceuticals and popular culture just seem well ... i 'm not sure what point you are trying to make ? 
  it 's not like pharmaceuticals are not researched and produced in europe and sold in the us too , or that the us does n't benefit from selling movies and tv to europe ... ? 
  both of which i 've got to say i 'm grateful for !, 
  you `` fuckers '' put him power , so maybe take some responsibility for your own stupidity instead of looking to blame someone else . 
  i feel the same , but the ( uk ) government could do a lot more to bring the union together , they just never really seem to have ideas beyond keeping the status quo . 
  if i was scottish , a lot of what the snp say would probably ring true for that reason . 
  i 'm pretty certain we 're considered bad too , its only the french and belgiums and spanish etc. ... that get a free ride for their empires these days . 
  i see politicians being ripped to shreds by the media on a fairly regular basis . 
  i think we 're all guilty of that surely ? 
  well said . 
  yup and lots of comments made by politicians will be taken out of context and turned into click bait for us all to weep over , we just have to get through a few years of bs . 
  there appear to be a lot of `` queues '' around recently when politicians want to discourage one thing or another . 
  no offense taken . 
  i do n't disagree , although it is likely to be closer to a glove than a bag i suppose , but it 's never going to be perfect or replace what exists with the eu single market . 
  it 's interesting that it references non-tariff obstacles , which some have identified as a bigger concern that actual tariffs . 
  this is what i 'm a little confused with , why have n't individual nations established their intention to establish reciprocity with the uk ( on a case by case basis ) if the status of british citizens post-brexit is basically down to them and not the eu as a whole ? 
  are they passing this responsibility over to the barnier for the purpose of negotiation , or have the uk government basically said we wo n't settle this separate to the eu negotiation ? 
  i 'm not sure exactly what we aspire to be to be ( * sigh * ) . 
  anyway this might help . 
  i 'd assume the money the uk contributes to the eu can be redirected to the uk ? 
  how that is redirected is for the uk to decide though . 
  they probably wo n't it 's a bit of a delusion sold by brexiters . 
  however , i 'd imagine that where free trade agreements are negotiated by britain they will be tailored to benefit specific areas of the british economy ( maybe just english the way things are going ) . 
  trade agreements with the eu have to be pretty broad to accommodate the needs of all 28 countries currently in the eu , whereas bespoke ftas can focus on the specific trade areas that each party wishes to exploit . 
  so they might not cover as much , but the detail they do cover should ( in theory ) be more tailored to the needs of the uk and whoever we are arranging an fta with . 
  one of the arguments against the eu used for instance ( no idea how accurate this is ) is that whilst the eu provides a single market in goods , the uk 's strength is in services , but the single market in services was n't complete , which possibly explains the uks big trade deficit with the eu . 
  since i agreed with you that the stereotype applied was silly , i think the bitterness you perceive is your own . 
  my point is if you want people to agree with you or to change their mind , coming up with your own stereotype and announcing it as a fact is not particularly helpful . 
  we can trade rubbish stereotypes all day , but it would n't make them true ? 
  of course if you are just having a pissing contest , i get the enjoyment of a feeling of smug superiority over one 's own pithy wit , so carry on if it relieves the tension , 
  and yet brexit was supported by a minority of politicians mostly in ukip and the right wing of the conservative party . 
  most mps were actually for remaining in the eu . 
  i agree with anangusp , parts of the british press have been hard at work for 30-40 years undermining the eu , so it 's hardly surprising what happened . 
  where politicians have really failed -- particularly conservative politicians , is in not making the case for the eu , because a relatively small proportion of their voter base have always been very anti-eu . 
  this was the reason we never really joined the eurozone and more so the reason we did n't join schengen , it was nothing to do with the interests of the country and everything to do with how mr and mrs daily mail would respond at the next election . 
  he 's got a point if he 's referring to the sort of bollocks you see printed in certain newspapers , but less of a point if he 's referring to british people in general . 
  that 's certainly true of some brits ( older ones and less affluent ones for the most part ) , but i 'd say younger generations have a different perspective . 
  probably , but may could also have redirected the brexit juggernaught to stop somewhere other than over a cliff face ; so while cameron is the one we should blame for starting the mess , may has made plenty of stupid decisions of her own . 
  its not enslaved - but i agree the sooner they have their referendum , the better, 
  the point with stereotypes is that they are largely bullshit , but feel free to wallow if it makes you feel warm and cosy . 
  yet `` they '' saw reasons to establish a trade deal with canada which not only has a smaller economy than the uk , but does not to my knowledge have a huge trade deficit with the eu in the eus favour . 
  the dominion were cut off from the alpha quadrant when the wormhole closed . 
  no , i suspect we 'll still trade with europe . 
  as for the headline , i think it 's a statement of the obvious should that be the outcome .
