  unbelievable really that in a building as big as that there was no effective way to wake people up and get them out asap . 
  there was one guy saying that the only way he knew there was a fire was because he happened to be awake and smelt `` plastic burning '' , the fire had n't reached his flat at that point , but it was only when he looked out into the passageway outside the flat and saw the smoke that he knew there was a fire . 
  n. ireland politics are seen as a bit of a shit show of two groups of angry people snarling across a table ( better than the alternative like ) . 
  but it was always the wider political situation that was reported rather than the policies of the individual parties - mainly because i suppose they do n't apply anywhere else . 
  though yes i 'm surprised , given the type of politics the dup seems to represent that it has n't come to greater public attention sooner . 
  really surprised people tend to vote in such a polarised way there too , surely there are more moderate parties . 
  so a german neo-nazi group in spain , demanded foreigners out at a concert they were not invited too . 
  i never realized neo-nazis were blessed with such a strong sense of irony . 
  no not really ... even ukip were nothing on this scale . 
  i 'd heard of them , but never realised they were like the extreme parts of the us republicans . 
  well it 's good to know that the uk 's very own tea party now has some influence of the government . 
  or over . 
  i do n't recall any government minister saying that we refuse to pay what we owe - in fact the pm , chancellor and several other have said that we will meet our obligations regarding the eu budget . 
  so exactly the opposite . 
  there will be discussion and disagreement on what those obligations amount to obviously . 
  however , implying that we have said we wont pay is false . 
  it was the 100bn number that was shot down , not the principle of paying . 
  based on many a salty french poster on this sub & the obvious dislike they seem to have for the uk , i suspect our payment of outstanding obligations would n't be the reason france would like to screw us over though . 
  still , your new president seems like a decent guy so perhaps pragmatism will win out over whatever it is that seems to drive some of the salt . 
  nicely put . 
  it 's so annoyingly fucking accurate . 
  i 'm sure even if we had showered you in chocolate bunnies we can be rest assured the french delegation would be doing everything they could to screw us over , just on principle . 
  ironically , she then proceeded to fall of the proverbial cliff edge during the election . 
  our politicians are completely useless . 
  crown princes jedward ? 
  so murder and torture , terrorism , genocide and even bestiality according to this muppet are morally more acceptable than homosexuality . 
  these guys have their priorities well sorted . 
  that 's a relief . 
  but does it make you talk like a chipmunk ? 
  just please . . no . 
  basically this . 
  you can still do that , do n't fret . 
  i 'm a little concerned that once the guillotine removes may 's head , boris johnson 's will grow in its place . 
  i give him 6 months if that happens , then we 're back to another election . 
  oh jesus i think i need to flee , is germany still welcoming refugees ? 
  i was wondering if something like this will happen , specifically with the brexit negotiation team - even if it does n't spill out into other areas of cooperation . 
  we 'll call this one a specific election, 
  why would some `` brit cry about cops with guns '' ? 
  we 're perfectly fine with firearms specialists carrying guns , which is what happened here . 
  is n't ugly swede an oxymoron ? 
  to an extent that 's true , in that cost of living possibly is n't reflected . 
  i live in one of those regions , on a modest income . 
  but i can also afford my own ( decent ) home and a car etc. . . 
  i suspect people in london on a similar salary can barely manage a room in a shared house . 
  this is not really a surprise , so much of the uks wealth ( england & wales in particular ) is concentrated in london and the south east that it distorts the uks gdp . 
  even in london & the se a lot of that is probably concentrated in the hands of some extremely wealthy individuals . 
  having said that , what is defined as northern europe ? 
  the chances of something like this happening are pretty low . 
  your scenario makes violence pretty much a normal occurrence . 
  so on balance , i think i 'll be safer if every second dick head i pass on the street is n't carrying a weapon . 
  also , knives are rubbish defensive weapons , you usually both get stabbed . 
  so instead of the occasional incident , stabbing , shooting and hitting each other over the head with blunt objects becomes not just a nightly occurrence whenever drunks spill out of pubs , but pretty much epidemic nightly street violence . 
  no thanks . 
  carry what ? 
  what do you expect ? 
  everyone to have a personal police officer to escort them about their business ? 
  it 's the uncool original `` strong and ... '' all other `` strong ands . . '' . 
  are flimsy and wobbly copies . 
  they pay due to eea membership/access , not because of a free trade agreement . 
  if the uk was aiming for eea then i would expect we would also have to pay . 
  at this point in time we appear to want a free trade agreement , which is not the same . 
  edit : just curious - are the downvotes because i 'm incorrect ? 
  how much is the eu planning on charging canada , did the eu discuss a charge when meeting with india and japan ? 
  point one is true and i agree with the policy . 
  portugal seems to have the most sensible drugs policy in europe that i know of , by treating drug use as a medical not criminal justice issue . 
  we ( the uk ) should head in that direction . 
  the second point is not . 
  their leader is a christian of some sort , so for some reason the papers feel they need him to say being gay is n't a sin every 5 minutes and then to insinuate he 's homophobic . 
  i 'm not aware the party as a whole ( being liberal ) have an anti-gay agenda . 
  i wish more people would . 
  they are the only sensible party outside scotland . 
  reaction engines were working on the vtol skylon spaceplane , but seem to have switched their focus ( since going into partnership with bae ) , to just developing the engines that would fly it ( with i suspect any spaceplane being built by the americans ) . 
  perhaps in the sense he 's a populist that 's true . 
  luckily for the us it has checks and balances that prevent trump from also becoming an autocrat . 
  did they go back on most of their pledges though ? 
  some of the few popular coalition policies like taken people on low pay out of the tax system were actually from the lib dems . 
  well then we should be worried since he 's put a lot of effort to increase military spending in russia and upgrade its military . 
  no idea !, 
  i think that would be one for the lawyers to work out . 
  i 'd imagine single market access would be suspended or restricted in some form ? 
  mainly because the single market could n't really function if one member is able to import third party products and re-export them to the rest of the single market , circumventing the single markets arrangements with that third party . 
  lots of variables would probably determine the outcome . 
  i think you need more lithuania 's . 
  i doubt even 10 % of people who voted brexit have given much thought to what happens to the eu after brexit , let alone italy . 
  i would n't even think most are particularly `` brexiteers '' in the sense you mean . 
  probably a small % of those would be delighted to see the eu experience difficulties , just as many here would be delighted to see the same happen to the uk . 
  however , most are probably more concerned about their own town , job , family , home etc. . . 
  anyway , good to hear some good news about italy . 
  it 's an amazing looking building , but i hope they have cleared the graffiti on the stairway heading to the top , ( was a few years ago i visited ) it really detracted from the value of the place !, 
  fair enough . 
  i though bilateral trade deals were automatically blocked anyway , as in it 's not possible for an eu member to negotiate one independently and still remain in the eu ? 
  by the time any meaningful coming together happens we will no longer be in the eu . 
  so i ca n't see how we could be in a position to even try and stop it . 
  it 's not an invasion , just tourists engaging in extreme hooliganism . 
  a police matter , nothing to see here . 
  so if `` random hackers '' from europe or elsewhere start attacking russia i imagine he 'd just shrug his shoulders because its just random hackers and there 's no one to blame . 
  just another example of trump seemingly not having any fixed views on anything from moment to moment . 
  he 's like a hyperactive toddler with nukes . 
  i think he meant denmark . 
  support actually dropped once they released their manifesto and announced changes to social care .
