  i agree it 's a silly sterotype , but no need to counter it with one of your own . 
  owch . 
  get your own sterotypes , even the americans are getting bored with that one :p, 
  well that may or may not be the case , but immigration & brexit concerns aside , they are generally thought of as hard working and productive . 
  we 're not on the whole lizard people , but yes , some of us are penguin people . 
  well i do . 
  in fairness though i think the impact is not going to be as significant as some might think . 
  if i ever chose to move to another area it would be for other reasons than brexit . 
  it 's more the sentiment of people saying others deserve to suffer that i was responding to . 
  even people who voted to leave are not the ranting xenophobic monsters that some on here appear to believe . 
  i can actually tolerate disagreement with others without imploding . 
  you may disagree with others choices , i just disagree with wanting to see others suffer for it . 
  brief eye contact between the non crazies is usually sufficient to indicate agreement that something is a little amiss . 
  does that include people like me who live in those areas and voted remain , or cities like newcastle that voted overall for remain but will still be hit hard ? 
  yes , the article i read did acknowledge this . 
  it also stated that the attacks in the uk were committed primarily on men by men and where the ethnicity was recorded it was primarily white . 
  i do n't know how this applies to germany ofc . 
  no she has n't . 
  the lords gave independent advice saying you do n't have to pay - but also saying you should pay . 
  may - or at least her chancellor was basically saying ( this sunday ) we abide and will continue to abide by our international obligations ( this was in in relation to eu charges post brexit ) , though they will obviously be negotiating them down . 
  this being the case i really ca n't see why we wouldnt pay for access - assuming we had reasons for wanting access in the first place . 
  if we dont need the additional level of access we wont pay for it and wont get it . 
  in fairness it sounds like another one of those stories ( very often sourced by the independent ) that conclude with things like `` puppies could explode as a result of brexit , '' followed swiftly by lots of reddit posts assuming all those puppies really are going to explode , quickly moving on to state how x-party will therefore relaliate by banning the other parties pet bunny rabbit . 
  they certainly do n't build them like they used to . 
  beautiful . 
  i remember reading not too long ago of a similar rise in the use of acid in assaults in the uk too . 
  it 's nothing to do with religion and everything to do with evil little psychopathic twats trying to hurt other people , just because . 
  i feel sorry for the millions of brits who have irish parents or grandparents in the mix , they must be angry and guilty all at once at what their ancestors did to their ancestors :(, 
  i do n't think this was an actual recommendation - it was an analysis of the legal situation , stating we ca n't really be forced to pay anything - but concluding that not paying would essentially be bad for the uk . 
  hmm ... no i meant when people act like this it is absolutely nothing to do with nationality . 
  well some people of every nationality are, 
  if the un can not openly challenge countries outside of the west and by doing so address the far more extreme levels of racism , sexism , homophobia etc. . . that can be found there ( gross generalisation i know ) , then what is the point of those countries being members anyway ? 
  aw ... well we all still like you poppet . 
  hopefully so , 
  it seems most of the brexit based discussions and virtually all of the clickbait headlines here and elsewhere are based on confusing the words probable or possible with actual . 
  there are probably some who would like to move to the uk , but not that many and almost certainly not many who intend getting a 0 hours/low paid job . 
  your arguement seems reasonable . 
  although , i actually wish we had your population density . 
  seeing people tick a box with a pen didnt seem so violent at the time . 
  but in retrospect it was a very stabby pen . 
  tough luck for your fellow spanish people who work there hey ? 
  i do n't think it matters . 
  any outcome will be portrayed as a victory , even if its free trade in rainbow flavoured jam and nothing else . 
  i understand , but the attitude probably isnt as prevalent as it seems . 
  that 's what i was trying to put across . 
  wanting to reduce immigration isnt the same as disliking immigrants  there are people who dislike immigrants , but they are not particularly representative of most people and are frankly viewed with disgust by most people , even those who wanted brexit . 
  yes , i think the overall anti-immigration debate has n't been particularly well conducted by either side , which is partially why we ended up where we are . 
  what i mean is that the pro-immigration sides basically tried to lock down debate by accusing anyone who had concerns about immigration as racist ( without trying to understand where those concerns came from ) , whilst the anti-immigration side basically exaggerated `` problems '' & blamed eu immigration for causing those problems ( whilst also completely ignoring high immigration from outside the eu ) . 
  the mainstream media in the uk basically seemed to take one of those sides ( either misinformation/exaggeration , or winding people up by telling them their concerns do n't matter ) and now we 're kicking ourselves out of the eu on our arse as a result . 
  ps i dont think realistically if you had taken a job in the uk , you would be facing deportation in the near future . 
  that doesnt really seem to be on anyones agenda . 
  it was more about reducing future immigration . 
  do n't worry i was n't offended . 
  i just disagreed with you . 
  what i mean by knowing ... well yes if a friend/colleague/acquaintance / family member has n't told you they are gay it does n't mean one of them is ; that 's just silly . 
  but equally you ca n't assume that no one you know is gay just because no one has ever disclosed this to you . 
  so yes , only as far as you know ... and possibly no one you have known ever is gay ... i 'm not imposing an opinion , i just find it more likely that you know someone who is gay than do n't , gay people being actual real people that actually exist in not insubstantial numbers and not mythical beings in a book . 
  apart from a minority of idiots ( which country does n't have those ! ), 
  i 'd say the actual hate you describe is n't particularly prevalent amongst most people ; at least i 've not heard many people in real life express hatred or even dislike for poles . 
  if poles have a particular focus in the immigration debate it 's probably because amongst recent immigrant groups they are the largest by far ( 900k was once figure i saw -- not sure how accurate this is ) . 
  so if the press are going to pick an example to demonstrate that open borders are causing too much pressure on infrastructure , then you can see why poles often became the example used - not sure brits are constantly mocking poles though ? 
  if you ever listened to debates on brexit there was a genuine concern about immigration , but i would n't always confuse this with a dislike of immigrants -- one of the arguments being that those supporting brexit still want immigration , but they want the freedom to choose the skill sets/professions of those moving to britain . 
  the concern being that the massive net immigration into the uk ( without a corresponding increase in infrastructure ) has had the following effects : 1 ) . 
  increased pressure on housing ( there is something of a housing crisis here ) 2 ) . 
  wage deflation in certain areas ( e.g. 
  large number of immigrants willing to work for less money reducing what certain professions were able to earn ) . 
  increased pressure on health services 4 ) . 
  increased pressure on education resources . 
  even if you think the above was exaggerated - ( for example i doubt many poles make heavy use of the health service , because they are largely young ) there were/are constant news articles in certain part of the press , over a period of years reinforcing the negatives - but not balancing this out with positives . 
  that being the case , you do n't need to be a hooligan to begin getting the impression that ( uncontrolled ) immigration is a bad thing for the uk . 
  i 'd probably disagree that the 52 % of the population who voted for brexit are hooligans , even if i disagree with their vote , 
  she did have a choice about how to approach brexit , however . 
  she could for example , be making an arguement for a norway style relationship with the eu and a lot of remainers ( and quite possibly many leave voters ) , would prefer that to the current direction of travel . 
  she isnt doing that , she 's just going for the no compromise hard brexit option which could cause a lot of damage . 
  but if it keeps her hard core voter base placated i doubt she cares . 
  hi maxx thanks for your comments . 
  there are a couple of assumptions in there that i 'd challenge . 
  the first is the matter of choice , `` it 's their choice , their problem . '', 
  i do n't know any gay person who made an active choice to be gay , they simply are gay . 
  someone who is bi-sexual may have a few more choices available , but even they do n't choose their sexuality . 
  gay or straight , you just do n't switch sexuality the same way you change your clothes . 
  is it normal from an evolutionary perspective - i 'm not a geneticist , but since it happens in both humans and other species , then yes probably its normal -- also a lot of gay people do have kids even if they adopt . 
  secondly -- it 's not a problem unless other people make it a problem . 
  so even if it becomes a problem it 's not `` their '' problem . 
  finally -- just because someone you know does n't flounce in looking like something from the village people , does n't mean someone you know isnt gay . 
  the chances are you do know gay people , even if they have n't discussed their sexuality with you . 
  i 'll check . 
  lets make usrusuk great again !, 
  to be accurate it 's the french bullshit `` destroy/leave/fuck everything ... '' on this occasion . 
  we 're in a group with the us and russia !, 
  since they merged to form the mega-oompa loompa known as trump , they may need to get used to it . 
  getting a good deal for the eu and a good deal for the uk are not mutually exclusive . 
  screwing one party is in essence screwing yourself due to the current interlinked nature of the economies involved . 
  you appear to take the view that being as hostile as possible to an ally is a good thing - or indeed is creating a whole new enemy at a time when it 's in everyone interests to work together . 
  orange too :(, 
  you believe we still believe we 're still an empire . 
  there 's a difference . 
  a united europe is only achievable if europe 's population want to move in that direction . 
  if that is the case then the eu should be welcoming of a uk that finally steps out of the way and in doing so make that more achievable . 
  likewise any european country not behind that ideal should be allowed to move away in a way that causes the least amount of disruption as possible .
