  not sure the terrorist attack had any real impact . 
  there 's still time , 
  it 's more burn out regarding campaigning , leading to many people not taking an interest , maybe not knowing who to vote for and therefore not bothering . 
  rather than the physical act itself . 
  the difference between the headlines and the content are as usual blatant . 
  ie `` germany says tm is complicit '' as opposed to `` remarks which could be interpreted as an implicit attack on theresa may ... '' well , it could be an implicit attack on anyone that did n't go up to donald and punch him in his orange face . 
  i 'm not a supporter of our current government , but i 'm so sick of people being misled by so called `` news '' papers . 
  love this . 
  though it smacks of obscure doctor who alien invasion . 
  why would we expect you to kiss our ass ? 
  i think most adults in the uk and eu want mutual civility with long term close cooperation & to work out a solution that benefits everyone . 
  i think you will find that `` british '' who did vote brexit , do n't tend to start a sentence like that . 
  as someone who did n't vote for brexit , i do n't feel shame though . 
  ok . . one point , it 's not an either or situation . 
  the rest of the world can be interested in the eu , the uk and frigging botswana if it so chooses , all at the same time . 
  in what way have the british decided to leave the rest of the world ? 
  not sure why you are telling me , but thanks , 
  are you an ad ? 
  not really , a combined eu army ( which might happen either way ) would be pretty formidable . 
  it would be no easier to invade europe than it would be for an aggressor to take on china or india . 
  r/europe is like a mirror image of that . 
  if the express says it 's real , you can guarantee its real . 
  be afraid . 
  ( better add a / s just in case ! ), 
  the answer is no , it does n't have a spark of journalistic integrity . 
  you can hope for the day that plummeting newspaper circulation makes it extinct , but sadly it 's become very popular online , which i suspect means a lot of people outside of the uk now also read its content . 
  depressing . 
  a unified eu military could be pretty credible , even without 2 % spending . 
  by pooling things like procurement , logistics and command structures etc. . . the existing resource could stretch a lot further . 
  i think that 's reaching a little ... 
  it 's a cultural norm in certain communities to marry cousins , not some random statistical anomaly . 
  at least he 's not making rabbit ears behind m&m, 
  i wonder if this survey will lead to the same level of national character analysis as a similar recent discussion on the effect of minorities on british culture . 
  i suspect there are 4 reasons why it wont . 
  yes , it 's good that the rest of europe including many of the europeans on this sub are less blinkered regarding any news article relating to brexit and never respond as though there is n't an agenda being pushed . 
  it 's not as though many pro-eu people here are not equally happy to take the same figure and gloat about how the uk must pay or be fucked in one form or another . 
  perhaps because in doing so they risk pushing the uk to the point of not paying anything , wheres the uk would otherwise be happy to pay any reasonable outstanding costs that it owes , which is what the eu wants . 
  the survey this came from looked at 12 countries , also including france and germany from the eu and seems to cover several issues . 
  http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-study-reveals-state-of-humanitarian-morass-worldwide-300463658.html if anyone is interested ( beyond just having an excuse to gloat at the brits that is ) , 44 percent of respondents feel their country is threatened by ethnic minorities ( across all 12 countries ) . 
  france was 54 % only 2 % less than the uk but also a majority of the country , i 'm assuming germany was closer to the average , since the source i looked at did n't specify . 
  net migration at 248k is still net positive migration into the country rather than out of it . 
  i suspect brown people are a bit more of a worry for your country than ours . 
  nah not really . 
  admittedly the french bashing bit was n't really very funny . 
  in the last defense review it was determined this was an inefficient use of ammunition and they are now asked to catch incoming bullets in their teeth . 
  i think it 's probable that there 's still a general war avoidance mentality in the uk following recent history in the middle-east . 
  i suspect any hypothetical `` would you intervene '' question is unlikely to get a lot of support regardless of the theater of operations . 
  in reality unless we have already withdrawn from nato , public opinion would n't matter . 
  we would simply help . 
  you remember correctly , however , it just so happens that unionists were largely protestant because their ancestors came from protestant countries ( scotland and england ) . 
  the clue is in the name unionist . 
  republicans were largely catholic , because ireland has always been largely catholic and their ancestors largely came from ireland . 
  the division was political - ie republicans wanted northern ireland to join the rest of ireland . 
  which is why i said religion was largely incidental to the conflict . 
  not sure i can stretch to love as i do n't know you , but have a bit of like . 
  surely if people pay for services like netflix then they do so because they are comfortable with/want the content that 's on it . 
  why try and manipulate the content of what is essentially a private business . 
  if there is a gap in the market for other content either netflix will fill it itself , or someone else will . 
  presumably there also need to be a reasonable amount of decent quality eu programming to also fill 30 % of total content from eu sources . 
  i have heard stories of this thing called waitrose but never seen one . 
  we like our submarines to glow in the dark if they ever get sunk , sadly this is something spanish subs are not designed for . 
  europe , stop selling arms to rogue regimes !, 
  it 's bad !, 
  the british and american media are indeed like vultures , but that 's pretty much the reason why intelligence services should n't be sharing the information with them until it 's appropriate to do so . 
  even we white walkers tan eventually . 
  of course then we spontaneously combust , but first we tan . 
  it did n't used to be a tabloid , these days i 'm not so sure . 
  many notches, 
  they would n't , but the uk may say that they do n't owe that much , so they ( the uk ) may try to negotiate down from that . 
  that 's exactly what will happen when even the average brexit voter would consider that unreasonable and no one in the government is calling for it ? 
  do n't forget that the uk government is aware that workers ca n't be replaced overnight and there would be a million + to replace if your crystal ball was accurate . 
  yes , i tend to agree . 
  however , probably working with the same logic from the uk government perspective it was viable to start with the original 60bn and negotiate down , going from 100bn as a starting position to end up with the original starting position will be considered unreasonable . 
  i do n't think the vast majority wanted people `` gone '' they wanted immigration reduced or made less easy for new people rather than punishing those living here already . 
  it does n't seem to me that anyone has come up with an actual final figure yet ? 
  i 'm assuming this will be apparent when negotiations commence . 
  the british government have said several times they will pay their obligations , they just do n't seem to think their obligations are anywhere near 100bn since they were already contesting 60bn . 
  a few hours of smug can feel good i suppose, 
  this is awesome news . 
  hope they make a good job of it , it 's a little too epic to be done on the cheap . 
  damn , i ran out of my / s supply ages ago . 
  truth is i 'm too lazy to buy more / s :(, 
  it 's unlikely people will be deported , not in significant numbers anyway . 
  even ukip were not asking for that . 
  anyway , assuming for a moment that that was going to happen , would n't people just look for work in germany/france etc. . ? 
  if you think things turning out badly for the uk is a good outcome for the eu i suppose . 
  i 'm jealous of all your shtick, 
  yes , i totally agree . 
  disagreements etc. . . can be resolved in private , or at least handled professionally . 
  once it 's in the public arena , however , it becomes a different matter entirely . 
  on the plus side , neither of those two idiots will be involved directly !, 
  i can just imagine every minor discussion point and especially disagreement being picked up by the media ( ours in particular ) and blown out of proportion . 
  gives for some salty reddit debates , but possibly not the best outcome for anyone . 
  it depends what is considered a good trade deal surely ? 
  not as good as we have certainly , but not necessarily a bad agreement either . 
  the rest of the world do n't all trade with the eu on the same terms as each other . 
  the eu wants good deals with external parties with whom it does a lot of trade and also sometimes with countries with whom it does n't do a huge amount of trade . 
  as a third party the uk will be one of the eus biggest external trading partners . 
  to say the eu will not want a good trading relationship with the uk because the uk left , but wants good trade arrangements with other third parties really does start to smack of the punishment people claim it does n't want to deliver , or the threat to other potential leavers that it should never need to make . 
  not that i think it will genuinely want to do either of those things , because i 'm optimistic .
