  you deserve way more upvotes !, 
  southern accents are hot - the more general midwest ( ? ), 
  accent is n't my favorite to be honest as it tends to sound a bit nasal and whiny sounding , new york is weirdly likeable and the one from fargo ( wherever it is set ) is cute . 
  judging by the one at my gym , they are viewed through a slightly murky haze . 
  there is n't 1 type of gay person per country , that 's just daft . 
  except it was n't , it was against the ongoing perception of high levels of uncontrolled immigration . 
  the nationality of the immigrants is incidental . 
  niagara falls , grand canyon , mohave desert , niagra falls and the great lakes are probably fairly well known , also maybe rockies , everglades and death valley . 
  those fuckers !, 
  christmas man sounds great . 
  sounds like something he would be called in jamaica though when you translate it into english !, 
  lol, 
  every 6 months or the dentists gets annoyed . 
  which reminds me . 
  you should fill it with marshmallow , pink , not white and charge people for the pleasure of eating their way through it ? 
  not an odd thing as such , but instead of father christmas , kids now use santa . 
  it triggers me . 
  impressive list !, 
  same as ginger beer i suppose . 
  no root beer is not remotely british and obviously butterbeer is imaginary but i 'd love to see someone invent it !, 
  the nearest drink we have ( to root beer apparently ) is dandelion & burdock , which i love . 
  i 've heard unflattering comparisons with mouthwash , it is n't that bad obviously , but it 's not that great either . 
  if we judged you by your own tv/movies & news they would probably be that you are possibly one of the following : - god squad religious types who can quote the bible , go to church a lot , where they may occasionally pretend to be cured of a limp and who probably do n't know about much beyond their state - east coast liberals who have possibly lived in london or paris , probably voted clinton , definitely like coffee a lot and possibly work for a tech company or a law firm . 
  they may also live on the west coast and be also liberal and drink coffee . 
  a lot . 
  - nerds or jocks from any t.v series involving a school . 
  either way all your teens belong to a strict clique . 
  - rednecks/small town americans , who own a truck and shop at walmart , we now know they are responsible for trump - old black guys saying meaningful things , possibly on a porch - young black guys with a chip on their shoulder , probably with good reason - young black women who are sassy and usually smarter than everyone around them , particularly young black guys with a chip on their shoulder . 
  - oh possibly superheroes . 
  a lot of you are those too . 
  strongest ally perhaps ? 
  the commonwealth nations were fighting alongside the uk during both world wars from the start . 
  not that i 'm saying the us is n't up there of course . 
  they had their own class ( caste ) system that was a little more intense than ours . 
  europeans of every nationality including mine , just like americans of every state , have their fair portion of stuck up bellends with a superiority complex . 
  they are emboldened into being more dickish than they probably are in the real world by internet anonymity . 
  that 's probably as detailed as it gets . 
  leaving the door open is the main way i 've heard it used here tbf . 
  not especially , but it 's also not considered a virtue to make a thing out of your belief in god . 
  in fact it can actually be damaging for someone to come across as too religious , regardless of the religion . 
  the opposite seems true of the us ? 
  fairly frequently , but ca n't say it registers that much when i 'm going about by business . 
  thanks for the chuckle . 
  we did briefly have something in the town center that was basically combined with street cameras and used to tell people off for dropping litter , but it did n't last long . 
  maybe a bit too orwellian . 
  edit : weird getting down voted for describing an actual thing !, 
  a lot of people in the uk have a problem they are not even aware of , basically using any excuse to have a drink as often as possible . 
  personally i do n't drink regularly , but enjoy it when i do , though id rather have a nice coffee most of the time . 
  best : just the sea , it 's beautiful . 
  worst : fecking spawn of satan seagulls . 
  our initial black friday 's were a bit of a state too , just glad after the first one where people made tits of themselves , it seems to be dying off again . 
  it 's basically a baby sized shower for people too lazy to change nappies . 
  you stick the baby in ( headfirst ) and power shower the little blighter till it 's clean . 
  made by acme i believe . 
  this wins for me too . 
  most aspects of american culture are just a matter of personal taste . 
  this is just tasteless in every respect . 
  i 'm not sure if you pick this out as a native speaker , but it 's something i often notice with brits playing an american , but the `` r '' always sounds off for some reason . 
  it 's maybe a little too posh , but a pretty decent posh bloke impression otherwise . 
  lol fair enough . 
  the evil old crone , 
  series 12 atm !? 
  crazy, 
  we are working on turning raven shite into rocket fuel . 
  soon the galaxy shall be ours , inferior colonial . 
  you know in all seriousness i enjoy the tv series supernatural , daft as it is . 
  but the latest series is a great example of bad stereotype . 
  the bad guys are brits with terrible upper crust british accents ( apart from one played by an irish dude who manages an actual believable english accent ) . 
  they look down on everyone and basically have a shitty attitude . 
  one of them actually used `` colonial '' as an insult to refer to the americans ( naturally these being the heroes ) . 
  it was very cringe worthy as overplayed stereotypes go and at times borders on the xenophobic , but also not exactly atypical as examples of brits go on american tv . 
  though like i said , could be worse !, 
  it 's entirely possible she was angry for reasons other than your mistaken nationality !, 
  i 'm sat here with one black tooth , after the rest rotted away from eating too much boiled , tea flavored pizza . 
  i feel superior you and whatever backwater part of the world you slithered from even if it 's new york , ergo i 'm now wondering how i can destroy that particular swamp of inferiority with wit , charm , condescension and general smugness . 
  my 15th cup of tea in as many minutes is laced with cocaine and whisky . 
  this helps me deal with the straggly poodle rock hair and skinny leopard skin leggings . 
  however , since interplanetary travel is n't possible , it 's clearly not true that i want to conquer the galaxy or indeed universe . 
  does that help answer your question ? 
  heh ok , yes there is that . 
  i 'm not feeling too optimistic really . 
  even though i did n't vote conservative , not having anyone able to get anything done is not the best outcome either . 
  having said that , i hope what will happen is that the tories recognise the precarious position the country is in right now and accept if they are going into brexit negotiations then they need to do so with a cross party negotiating team/consensus in place that can at least command a majority in parliament . 
  that 's not really good for the eu either . 
  i. . well . . er . . what . . ? 
  czech republic definitely . 
  czechia sounds like it was made up by hollywood . 
  i 'd support a federal uk . 
  at the moment devolved powers are a bit piecemeal and english regions completely ignored . 
  this leads to a very divisive arrangement whereby westminister has to act as both the uk parliament and the de-facto english parliament and does n't really do either particularly well , whilst scotland , wales and ni all have their own partially devolved governments and still feel unrepresented . 
  the american tv/movie portrayal seems to assume we 're all stuck up effete snobs with bad teeth ( on account of the tea drinking probably ) & an arrogant superiority complex that hosts the occasional urge to take over/destroy the world/galaxy/universe . 
  if we 're not that , we 're skanky aging rock stars with a drug and alcohol problem ... not sure if there are any stereotypes in between those , but i suppose it could be worse . 
  anyway , europe has pretty much adopted the same stereotypes and added a few worse ones , at least in the us portrayal of brits we get to be the best bad guys  . 
  there are a lot of places i 'd like to visit in the us , but this would n't make the list . 
  i tend to agree . 
  in the last few incidents people have been arrested very soon after the event , which suggest there is intelligence already pointing towards those individuals arrested , even if the resources are not in place to monitor them more closely . 
  it 's very rare . 
  i ca n't remember the last time it happened , but maybe a few years ago . 
  i 've never heard of them in the uk - not sure about the dining clubs ? 
  maybe something you 've heard of relating to oxford or cambridge which tend to be a bit different to somewhere like manchester or leeds universities .
