  it 's also a very insulting opinion to a lot of europeans and an incredibly insulting attitude to hold towards modern day germany . 
  having said that everything i wrote is my opinion too . 
  not a fact . 
  you might want to look up the difference between fact , opinion and propaganda . 
  having a problem with your letter `` e ? '', 
  anyway thanks for adding fuel to the fire of everyone in the eu who thinks we 're an island full of moronic chimps . 
  the uk is not a close ally ? 
  can we hurry up and dissolve nato then so we can just be neutral ? 
  yes , the uk is a large caravan park . 
  no industry , no government , no economy , no universities , research and development , industry or indeed military , no actual industry at all apart from caravan cleaning firms employing europeans largely for their better trained caravan cleaning skills . 
  smallest economy in europe and one of the smallest in the world after zimbabwe . 
  literally nothing in the uk at all that anyone would consider investing in or buying and certainly not a place that anyone would want their potential exports to be bought . 
  i struggle to understand what the bargaining chip would be too . 
  i have a suspicion it will be a softer one . 
  she needs a bigger majority so that he own back benchers ca n't lynch her when she makes the inevitable and necessary compromises she knows she will have to make . 
  well it 's what i 'm hoping is behind the sudden election at least . 
  my comment was tongue in cheek . 
  not sure it 's hidden as i know a lot of people who have visited and confirmed that it 's beautiful . 
  p.s please do n't become too popular though !, 
  you did invade the uk in 1066 . 
  it 's not entirely transparent what the uks negotiating position and tactics are , since they have been largely tight lipped . 
  most of what we see is out of context headlines and newspaper hyperbole . 
  i was wondering the same thing . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  a lot of poles on the guardian comments were complaining that many of those job losses will ironically be poles and that many of those working in the polish factory are ukrainian working on minimum polish wage . 
  weird world . 
  oh give it a rest for once . 
  what can happen is that people opt for working as contractors . 
  for example engineers working offshore . 
  they set up their own companies and the companies are paid for their time . 
  they are legitimate companies & have certain advantages over a salaried position - primarily related to taxation . 
  so people will pay themselves minimum wage and then the rest of their income will be paid as a dividend which works out a lot better than the usual income tax . 
  it 's a cringe worthy term used primarily by some british politicians and journalists , but only used by americans when they want to patronize either . 
  it should be dropped and replaced by with more realistic ( and adult ) terminology ... close friendship , close alliance anything would be more accurate . 
  sure , most newspapers do i suppose . 
  it would be interesting to see if they are expanding their international audience as this seems to be a goal of some papers ( like the guardian ) . 
  yup , st patrick 's day is probably more widely known and oddly more of an event . 
  newspaper circulation has been dropping for a while partially due to the internet , but i suspect also because people do n't trust much of what is written . 
  even the worst three papers ( imo ) the mail , sun and express only had a combined circulation of 3.5 million ( ish ) in 2016 which is about half of their circulation in 2010 . 
  do you really think there is an actual queue though ? 
  yes , auntie hyacinth bouquet, 
  well yes they are similar levels of awful with just minute levels of slightly less awful that would imo rank them in exactly the same order you just did :p, 
  we have n't threatened to stop doing that though . 
  i am suitably shamed . 
  if they do well in the council elections it might just persuade a few more people of their credibility and help in the general election . 
  we just seem short on decent leaders . 
  though i like caroline lucas , even if her party is n't something id vote for . 
  glad you have us all summed up . 
  thanks for that . 
  just do n't read shite newspapers the world looks so much better, 
  no , that 's the sun . 
  the mail is written and read by the chav 's posh auntie . 
  no we have even worse than the mail . 
  i think it would be a breath of fresh air for some of our newspapers to be bought out by european news agencies . 
  what we have right now is just depressing . 
  it 's not funny , it 's pretty impressive considering . 
  perhaps , but they were also not elected as a majority party . 
  anyhew , different leader , different times i suppose . 
  if only the other parties were equally demonized for going back on election promises . 
  we 'd have a whole bunch of entirely new parties by now . 
  yup . 
  our voting system - yet another thing we 're rubbish at , but possibly one of the main things that causes all the other things we 're rubbish at , 
  thank you . 
  i feel we need all the love and luck we can get . 
  sadly this is true . 
  the best we can hope for is that enough people start switching to the liberal democrats so we at least have some form of credible opposition party . 
  this must have been a slow news day ... 
  development spending gets a lot of criticism , but i think a lot of the opposition comes from the perception that the money is wasted . 
  good to see it being used on something tangible and of obvious benefit . 
  apparently they are doing rather well in conservative marginal seats that were pro-remain . 
  i imagine the conservatives would have split too . 
  we really need pr in the uk . 
  you really need to keep beating about that bush , because you are missing every time . 
  control or restrict perhaps , but i 've never heard any serious discussion about blocking . 
  exactly . 
  i 'm sure even some brexiters would be fine with this sort of arrangement . 
  i thought the existence of their nukes and the imminent testing of another one was what this whole thing is about ? 
  yes , japan might help . 
  i think the worry is that they will chuck a couple of nukes at south korea or japan , just for the hell of it . 
  thanks , i 've been wondering about that . 
  the express is always days away from a disaster or a catastrophe - like every winter is predicted to be the worst in 100 years . 
  literally every winter . 
  we can save lives by helping with the aftermath , whatever that is . 
  the american 's do n't really need us there in a military sense . 
  no worries , thanks for clarifying . 
  so it was a bad choice of words . 
  i think most people in the uk are fully aware that we 're pretty useless at foreign languages , sneering at people who make the effort by calling them pretentious just does n't seem helpful . 
  i did n't say we did n't need to use them at all , but that we do n't necessarily get the practice . 
  if people spend their time in school learning french and visit france for a total of 2 weeks every ten years , they are never going to improve . 
  if they learn french and visit spain , germany , sweden and hungary on a regular basis , the chances are they will end up communicating in english . 
  it does n't somehow make them lesser human beings . 
  i think i 'd find the outcome almost amusing . 
  not sure if gibralter would want that though . 
  it could be awkward given that a number of eu countries have also been involved in several of those wars . 
  i like new york accents because they are so ballsy , i always remember crossing the road with this arsehole of a cop directing people with `` yo yo yo '' and some bloke walking past responding with `` yo yo yo ... 
  motherfucker . '', 
  i could n't help but laugh . 
  other than than , southern accents are really nice . 
  outside of those two and the cute one from fargo they tend to blend into a bit of a generic us accent . 
  damn it stop trying to dampen our natural / s with your exclusion zone !,
