you 're welcome . 
  so do strangers usually !, 
  oh well , i suppose some people are just idiots . 
  i was trying to understand the point you were making . 
  if you had sent them 300 years ago i doubt it would make any difference since the poles would probably think of themselves as english or welsh or whatever . 
  i 'd rather ask gibraltar to take itself off our hands and become independent . 
  there are fundamentalists fighting fundamentalists fighting assad fighting fundamentalists . 
  the whole place is a quagmire . 
  we should help the kurds , but otherwise steer clear . 
  then that is even more bizarre . 
  oh come on , everyone knows sweden is a great furniture store !, 
  it 's not being pretentious , its just comes down to a choice in school between french , german and spanish in that order - and once people have learned it ( french or any other language ) they very rarely get a chance to use or practice it for years . 
  spanish or even greek would be the most useful languages to the average brit if we wanted to get a bit more practice in ( given the choice of holiday destination ) . 
  i agree that learning another language is great for lots of reasons - but if you are not using that language regularly , or getting exposed to it , then even basic language skills start to get rusty very quickly !, 
  we already have . 
  what you see from the cliffs is a to scale model . 
  bizzare ... 
  i ca n't recall ever in all the numerous times they have visited that my aussie cousins have experienced similar sentiments . 
  there 's far more we can wind each other up over than the 19th century whatever . 
  perhaps you need new acquaintances . 
  how many times when reading reddit do i have to chew on the urge to swear when some non-brit starts banging on about our superiority complex and the empire ... seriously there is plenty about the uk to criticize without falling back on tired stereotyping . 
  it feels jam packed to me too and i do n't even live in anywhere near the most crowded parts . 
  you are saying that the legality is in question because of the circumstances through which that legality was determined and people are less likely to accept it due to emotionally charged nationalism ? 
  so are a fair few scottish people, 
  you stated people were calmly discussing how it would be a good idea to let people die in terrorist attacks and have two european countries go to war - and suggested this was happening irl . 
  it 's not . 
  it may be happening here on reddit , because people react to obvious media clickbait and assume that this is representative of something other than the media in question trying to attract viewers/readers often by using out of context statements to generate drama and make their story more appealing to the general public . 
  basically i agree with you . 
  if you do n't use a legal case to determine an outcome , what do you use ? 
  it 's a shame , it was a really good newspaper at one time . 
  lots of nations would have to have a lot of territory swaps if historic agreements - including those agreed following war were scrapped just because it 's no longer popular in some quarters . 
  i have not heard one single person irl discuss this or raise it in conversation . 
  i ca n't see the uk significantly changing policy relating to the environment ( yes i 'm aware of the article from the independent , but do n't give much credence to it ) . 
  in the uk , climate change is an accepted phenomena , unlike the us where there are still plenty of influential people unwilling to accept it as fact . 
  that is a full time job then, 
  do europeans spend a lot of time reading the sun , mail and r/ukpolitics ? 
  i think ( i assume ) he means not all of them are supporting terrorism , rather than `` none of them '' . 
  i 'd tend to agree that most of them do n't , or we would be seeing far more attacks than we do . 
  there is that . 
  russian people , as opposed to their government , are only ever going to soften their view of europe if we soften our view of russians . 
  i hope some solidarity is shown with the victims . 
  not exactly the same  but i get your point . 
  does that have articles ? 
  not that i 'm suggesting you 're an avid `` reader '' of playboy, 
  since you appear to be in the uk , i assume you are happy to be judged and found guilty then ? 
  oh dear god , i see what you mean . 
  in fairness i think a lot of the people who buy it dont buy it for the news so much as the sport section . 
  please do n't judge everyone in england on our newspapers ... 
  are you sure you do n't work for the sun ? 
  these days a nobody . 
  but in fairness to him , he was responding to a stupid question and answered it badly . 
  anti-english xenophobia , the best xenophobia on the sub-reddit . 
  is spain represented by a scouser ? 
  europe is n't holding a gun to the us head regarding your involvement in nato . 
  europe is also not stopping you reducing your military spending to something less extreme . 
  you are doing that to yourselves . 
  do you really need a military that is x times bigger than everyone else combined ? 
  i agree , the simplest solution is for the us to withdraw its forces ( in a phased withdrawal ) and allow the eu/europe to fill the gaps where needed . 
  i 'm not suggesting the us pulls out of nato - just forces europe to meet any capability gaps simply through their physical absence . 
  if there are major gaps , you can be sure they will be filled . 
  having a 2 % target is completely arbitrary . 
  why does n't the us just reduce its quota ? 
  and the russians would hang on a few months then twat the lot . 
  i think entertaining was the important word there ... 
  oh do n't stop them now , they are are getting excited . 
  why are we always blamed for us politics ? 
  replaced your down vote with an upvote !, 
  i do n't understand how anyone could watch a dubbed movie * shudder *, 
  bubbled over into reddit war talk maybe . 
  i remember when the independent was a serious newspaper . 
  i ca n't read it now . 
  my point is he 's not a member of the government so he does not represent the uk . 
  confirmation bias in action . 
  thanks for that . 
  that still is n't the uk , or the uk government . 
  so he gave a bad answer to a stupid question , that is not the same as someone like erdogan and you know it . 
  i find a similar attitude among other european redditors ( although i 'm open to the idea that this is in part due to confirmation bias ) . 
  they will respond emotionally to what is in effect not british government policy , but rather some clickbait headline , or statement taken out of context . 
  this leads to gross generalisations about the british ( usually the english ) , leading to defensiveness by some brits and then on to silly arguments that challenge and counter challenge something that probably has little substance . 
  whilst it may be nice for some europeans to think all brits are a certain way , it 's a fundamental over simplification of what people think about often complex issues and inevitably leads to pointless arguments . 
  the eu can have freedom of movement in the eu , the uk is n't stopping that . 
  as for fom between the eu and uk i think a compromise can be reached . 
  however , the eu does n't have fom with most non-eu countries it trades with , the uk will now be one of those countries , but i suspect some elements of fom will continue . 
  the uk prime minister , chancellor and various other senior government officials have said that we intend to honor our financial commitments , the only thing up for debate is the amount . 
  lots of countries sell goods into the single market without accepting the ruling of the ecj . 
  some of them even have free trade agreements . 
  this is what the uk government will be aiming for . 
  this will also allow the eu to trade on similar terms with the uk . 
  both sides could really do with dialing down the rhetoric ( and giving the media less click-bate with which to shit stir ) and hopefully this will start to happen once negotiations begin . 
  yes , i tend to think it makes sense too . 
  although this will be painted in some quarters as the eu playing difficult . 
  since the uk pm and chancellor have both effectively said we will meet our obligations re : the eu budget , i do n't think this is a big issue really , even if there will be squabbling about the amount . 
  i 've seen a lot of support on here for swapping the uk with mexico ... so how about you guys swap mexico for the uk . 
  no wall needed as there 's a moat . 
  pretty much sums up a lot of what is wrong with the uk . 
  i 'm not really sure that 's true , or if the type of city/town you describe is really a thing in the uk , in the same way as it is in the us . 
  i live in ne england and most of the large towns/cities ( middlesbrough , sunderland , hartlepool etc. . . that voted leave have large urban centres with decent public transport , big universities , large immigrant populations etc. . . 
  the main difference was affluence , demographics and education . 
  as a big generalisation poorer , older , less educated areas voted leave ... younger , better educated and more affluent areas voted remain . 
  i think the uk government is not exactly being clear on the whole `` free movement of people thing '' and precisely what they want to stop .
