  either way it will depend on the willingness of may and her pet gimps to compromise , i 'm hopefully that her probable majority will make compromise more likely than less , since she wont have the worst of the gimps to contend with . 
  american 's , always thinking they are special !, 
  i think he wants to get serious !, 
  lol, 
  go shag a koala or whatever it is you do down under . 
  she and pretty much every member of the government who have been asked have said on more than one occasion that the uk will pay any money that they owe and meet our obligations . 
  it is the amount that will be challenged . 
  that 's true of most fortress type castles i suppose ( as opposed to the pretty palace type ) . 
  when you see it for real it 's pretty stunning , although a lot of that is to do with the general setting and the city around it . 
  i would n't have thought the two things were mutually exclusive . 
  i did visit the channel islands in march , but it did n't give me the feelings of either being occupied or liberated since ... history and not something i personally have or will experience . 
  and silly fun because of it . 
  the wet empire . 
  we rule your fish . 
  i like it . 
  well talking of former empires ... 
  yes . 
  we 're stopping football for this very reason . 
  i 'm struggling to hear it over the sound of drama queens making a mountain out of a mole hill . 
  you know , you are right . 
  we should all continue to be arseholes to each other based on historical injustices . 
  aww we tolerated you too * hug *, 
  nato prevented external conflicts & threats from spilling over into ( half of europe and later all of ) europe , but the eu made the idea of conflict between member states totally alien and unthinkable . 
  i 'd totally agree with this . 
  i supported remain and still support as close a relationship to the eu as possible . 
  however , as much as i ca n't help but feel my own government has been less than diplomatic at times and could have approached the whole situation with a very different tone , some of the messages coming from the eu have hardly inspired me either . 
  it 's really hard to wrap my head around what it must be like to be invaded by a hostile country and occupied , but more so how fucking awesome it must have been to realise you are a free country again . 
  salty ? 
  i ca n't decide . 
  he looked so nervous !, 
  sort of endearing . 
  persuade seemed to be a more accurate description of what she actually said . . ? 
  putin sends macron a gift of russia 's finest but not famous glowing vodka . 
  she 's every fecking ` ist going . 
  as long as they stay there . 
  do they support a hard brexit ? 
  they have made silly statements like `` no deal is better than a bad deal '' but since no deal is pretty much the worse deal , statements like that are meaningless . 
  i 'm not sure what they support since negotiations have not actually started , but i 'm sure we 'll all be the wiser in a few years ( once the mutual blustering has hopefully died down ) . 
  but as far as i can tell at this stage what they want is some form of mutually beneficial fta , the details of which are still somewhat vague . 
  it 's also clear they wont get everything they want and know it , but in negotiations you start high and compromise . 
  given that the billionaires in the uk are often from places like india , china and russia then it 's probably true that the losers are the poor of those countries . 
  for some people that may be the case , but for the most part that 's not entirely true . 
  even in the midst of the brexit discussion the choice offered was between uncontrolled and controlled immigration . 
  not a termination of immigration all together . 
  technically we can pay 100bn and still crash out on wto terms , that 's what makes it even more worrying . 
  i suspect that 's part of the reason this figure was `` calculated . '', 
  60bn was already considered too much , but gave room for negotiation and compromise . 
  100bn just pushes the compromise down to 60bn which is n't likely to be considered fair or reasonable and potentially prevents any agreement being made . 
  yes part of the money is clearly reasonable and we will pay what we owe , but some of the figures being bandied seem to push reason to its limit . 
  by that logic the uk should charge for the eu to access its market . 
  to enable the uk to achieve parity with all other non-eu countries who are not charged for a fta with the eu , the uk should charge the eu a nominal figure say 60-100 billion for # `` free '' market access ? 
  i 've heard theresa may ( pm ) , philip hammond ( chancellor ) , david davis ( something brexity ) and also very recently the business minister ( cant remember her name !, 
  ) , all on separate occasions state very clearly that we will meet our obligations and basically pay what we owe . 
  the contentious issue is i agree the amount owed , which seems to change and inflate with the seasons . 
  100 billion is clearly unreasonable . 
  yes , i tend to agree it 's a little absurd . 
  i mean , if he 'd invited someone from his office to run through and suggest improvements , then fine , but this is just nit picking . 
  there are barely any right wing groups of significance in the uk . 
  ukip as rubbish as it was , is itself barely far right in policy and certainly left of the front national and indeed other similarly minded groups in europe . 
  what ukip did have was a lot of members who would probably have joined a far right group if there was one of significance available for them to join . 
  it 's a weird mix of hard right ( not far right ) conservatives and far right nut jobs perhaps . 
  it was also basically wiped out in the recent local elections and will have negligible impact in the election in june since its destructive job is done . 
  you mean news reporting of french elections is an attempt to interfere ? 
  does the daily mail get a lot of french readers ? 
  how is having an opinion - all be it a stupid one , meddling ? 
  ukip is a non-party , farage is n't in it anymore and farage 's last remaining position of influence will soon be redundant . 
  do n't get your undies in a twist . 
  get him a job in the us . 
  that 's what he wants anyway . 
  fortunately they are no longer anything close to big . 
  he 's right , ireland is more secular , but the uk is less religious . 
  we 've a fairly outdated political system , that has some old fashioned quirks built into it . 
  does every comment referring to the uk these days , even something positive , have to include a snide dig ? 
  if those are the new rules they are rubbish . 
  i have never voted conservative and never would . 
  however , stating uk conservatives ( either with a small or big c ) are galvanized by us religious fanaticism , racism and mccarthyism ( ? ), 
  is a bit strange !, 
  right of the center they might be , but they are still largely towards the center on most issues . 
  brexit and trump may have had similar causes , but trump , tea party and other expressions of `` crazy '' discourse that have emanated from the us are still largely viewed as a bit bonkers by most people in the uk , including those who consider themselves conservative . 
  why not , it 's as good a decade as any . 
  says farage trying to provoke irish nationalism by getting a reaction , english nationalism by persuading the english to be pissed off at the eu , scottish nationalism by stoking english nationalism and nationalism everywhere else he opens his big flapping pumpkin gob and says something irritating . 
  noooo do n't look at our tabloids . 
  abort abort !, 
  well if there happens to be 100 billion of them , i 'm sure we could find a use ... 
  i 'm sure the eu must be agonizing over their choices right now . 
  they will bleach your hair , force you to wear shell suits and make you drink cans of lager in seedy groups in the park . 
  sounds like the eu are doing everything in their power to boost may 's election chances even higher !, 
  if it 's only 5 billion a year , an exit bill of 100 billion appears to imply we are expected to contribute towards 20 years worth of `` commitments . '', 
  i thought the budget framework only went up to 2020 !, 
  yea but ... !, 
  i think i need a sleep in this year . 
  still waiting for them to arrive . 
  no we do n't like it or england either . 
  i wish someone would just go alert the adults asap that the kids are messing up dinner with a full on food fight . 
  the fastest growing companies included are probably larger than the average 1 man band running out of the back of someones van . 
  it is an opinion that the eu is the 4th reich . 
  not a fact ... an opinion . 
  your opinion . 
  it 's arguable that some countries within the eu are more influential than others . 
  this is not the argument you were forwarding nor does it support the argument you were making .
