  daily ? 
  unless i 've done something energetic like go the gym , in which case , twice daily . 
  i do n't know how accurate haven represents maine ( obviously not meaning all the supernatural stuff ) , but probably maine . 
  i love those cute fishing towns surrounded by forest . 
  with a dance off . 
  i 've seen some good spanish films , but i 've not seen too much from elsewhere . 
  the best cool wind and grey cloud in the northern hemisphere . 
  probably for the best , thursdays are nearly fridays , which are nearly saturdays and there 's better things to do !, 
  i 'm disappointed now , i like the idea that you are indeed surprised and excited to see a table . 
  awesome . 
  looking forward to our new/old scottish overlords !, 
  i 'm ok with that , being from middlesbrough . 
  not sure you would want it though . 
  the british one is a bit cringe & england does n't even get its own , so we have to suffer the cringe . 
  i think the idea is you shovel it straight into a trolley at a speed roughly equivalent to a machine gun in full flow , then pack somewhere else . 
  i think egypt should go full on pharaoh again . 
  give the pyramids and sphinx a good face lift . 
  i tut in your general direction . 
  i do n't really support communism , unless there 's some magical utopian ideal , star trek style that motivates people to achieve something greater than what they have . 
  recent history suggests society just stagnates under a communist system . 
  there 's elements that i support - free equal access to education & health , less disparity in incomes ( but not insignificant disparity ) , assistance to help people get a job & basic welfare to avoid victorian era poverty etc. . basically social democracy common in most of europe achieves a reasonable balance that seems to work better than the extremes . 
  politicians = snakes ? 
  i was just joking and there 's no reason why you would understand why some irish people might be offended  anyways , looks like someone has given you a much better explanation than i could !, 
  i do n't think it was `` suddenly '' a thing to be wary of russia , just a gradual development over the last 17 years or so . 
  once the su collapsed , relations between europe and russia seemed to be getting much better , even positive until it became apparent that putin had effectively installed himself as permanent ruler/dear leader and started to become more aggressive with former su republics . 
  he basically set himself up in opposition to nato at the point when nato had almost stopped caring about russia . 
  it helped his credibility at home to ( re ) create an external threat - however unlikely it was that nato threatened russia . 
  i wonder if disregarding russia was the most offensive thing nato ever did from a russian perspective . 
  democracy and free press `` appear '' to have been subverted which is never going to win friends in europe . 
  since the west is promoted as russia 's enemy , it can no longer disregard russia . 
  russia has re-armed and once again seems like a credible threat that is willing and able to use its military . 
  there are regular stories ( granted a lot of it the usual hyperbole ) about incursions by russian military and undiplomatic statements from russia relating the targeting of their various missiles . 
  then there are the ongoing reports ( again could be bullshit ) about russian hacking and electoral interference . 
  it also seems culturally very different from the rest of europe i.e. 
  much more religious and conservative , more like the american bible belt than the american bible belt . 
  corruption is also seen to be much more prevalent than anywhere in europe - it just seems to have diverged culturally away from europe as europe becomes more liberal . 
  despite what i 've written i think we should try harder to be friends with russia , or maybe because of it . 
  the more we react with hostility , the more russia probably feels alienated and threatened and has more excuses to act stronk !, 
  sometimes the body is brought back to the family home the night before the funeral , rather than visited at the funeral home . 
  other than that it seems similar to most of the ( family ) funerals i 've been to - although my family is catholic ( ish ) , so not sure if that makes a difference . 
  i loved the 2012 olympics . 
  sort of proud that that took place in my country and i enjoyed every minute of it . 
  if you consider their lack of support during the recent council elections then ukip are already declining . 
  it will be interesting to see if the same thing happens in the national elections in june . 
  ukip were not really far right , although they had a lot of far right supporters & members due to their stance on controlled immigration . 
  i have a cousin who took to joining edl marches . 
  nice enough lad in some respects , but with obvious mental health/drug misuse problems . 
  says it all really . 
  i think you answered your own question . 
  we basically send over terrible acts singing naff songs , although this years was ok . 
  it should really be the format for all future wars . 
  a cheesy sing off . 
  daft fun really . 
  although it 's starting to be a little too self aware these days . 
  aw well as long as she 's happy !, 
  possibly do n't pack to much clothing , you can always have a shop in primark in the uk ( edited after reading another comment - penneys in ireland , great minds think alike ) and buy ok clothing cheaply if the weather is much colder/warmer than you planned for . 
  the problem being it can be warm , cool or both ( sometimes on the same day ) . 
  music/movies & cultural stuff etc. . . well they are a matter of personal taste here as much as there , so just enjoy what you enjoy . 
  i would n't worry about that too much . 
  drinking is probably more prevalent than you might be used to , but you wont be ostracized for not getting hammered with the rest of us , you just might not want to socialise with the rest of us when you see us drunk  what not to say ? 
  probably not that different to the sort of things you would avoid talking about with any stranger at home . 
  also probably do n't go on about being irish/scottish/english because your great great whatever comes from there , you might experience the odd eye rolling if you do . 
  stop overs between edinburgh and london = york is a good one , 
  now you 've done it . . 
  you ca n't beat a fine calf . 
  got to agree . 
  did anybody rescue her or is she still there ? 
  we stole your croissants . 
  i 'm sorry but , you can have them back when we 're done . 
  i 'm not sure that i follow your connection between social democracy and the ability to establish a successful it industry . 
  i think i see where you are coming from in other respects ie that the eu is n't truly a single market which can limit start ups in it from reaching critical mass perhaps ( at least not before a us or asian firm snaps them up ) . 
  this has a lot to do with our investment culture though , rather than any specific aspect of european culture . 
  europe is globally competitive in terms of finance . 
  london is the biggest financial center in the world , alongside new york ? 
  it manages this with access to universal healthcare . 
  you would have one , it would just be independently french , 
  refined xenophobia vs outright racism ? 
  it 's a start i suppose . 
  i do happen to believe the uk is , for the most part an open and welcoming country . 
  some of the most successful communities in the uk are non-white . 
  from the outside , i 'm not sure what has changed , but there 's a particular narrative that has developed as a result of the uk voting for brexit that assumes we all woke up raging xenophobes at some point last june . 
  people 's experiences do differ , so discussion can get a bit anecdotal , but do n't forget there are 900k plus polish people here and 3 million from across europe as a whole , most of whom apparently ( ? ), 
  want to stay here for some reason . 
  i 'm not saying there are not xenophobic people in the uk , because there are . 
  however , whatever you think of peoples desire to curb immigration through brexit , that is just not the same as disliking immigrants as individuals or even as nationalities . 
  there is literally no chance here of a full on self professed far right party gaining 1 third of the votes in a uk election . 
  we may all love the fact macron won , but this happened in france and no one is accusing the french of being a nation of xenophobes . 
  rebel scum !, 
  j/k honestly , not something i 've given much thought to . 
  pioneers i suppose ( if you are talking of the early settlers ) , but beyond that we 're all ( in the western world at least ) the product of our relatively comfortable modern existence , so i doubt the early pioneering spirit of your ancestors has as much of an impact on anything in comparison . 
  modern day culture and society has basically turned us all into a bunch of soft arses . 
  the second point you make is probably the most pertinent . 
  us shows have a huge audience in comparison with non-english language eu shows , correspondingly they will make more money - so their producers will spend more money making them . 
  yes , high quality american shows are very popular in the uk . 
  i 'd say in terms of the range of options available , the us produces a lot more good quality tv shows than anyone else by far . 
  stranger things is the only one on the list you gave that i 've watched , but there are certainly plenty to choose from that i 'd say are popular . 
  the uk has very good levels of integration and tolerance of different races . 
  i do n't really think we have too many lessons to learn from the vast majority of europe regarding racism . 
  in fairness , at the time when she finally got what i as saying and said `` oh a coke ! '', 
  more or less what i heard at the time did n't sound a million miles from that !,
