  they always come back though :(, 
  so did he, 
  they would scare off all the nice aliens too though, 
  i think a lot of people are just completely ignorant of the long term effects of drinking during pregancy - they probabably have a vague idea its not healthy but just not how bad for the child it can be ( fetal alcohol syndrome ) . 
  better eduction needed !, 
  in which case why would the uk bother ? 
  if you believe trade deals only benefit one trading party then yes you are probably correct may will just say to india no tariffs on british good plx , but we 'll be keeping tariffs on indian goods . 
  of course that would be fucking stupid . 
  or perhaps trade deals are usually entered on the basis of mutual benefit re : trade in which case you are possibly talking bollocks . 
  do n't indians want brits to buy their goods too ? 
  that 's pretty much the point of a mutually beneficial trade deal ... 
  in fairness i would n't take it as a negative that we have a healthy skepticism for government and politicians in general - though ignoring what the majority of mainstream politicians were advising re : brexit seems to have placed us in a bit of a pickle . 
  give it time ... 
  ok i suppose following the general idea of people like your uncle suffering , what i said still stands . 
  we ( meaning the uk and eu ) need to make the best of a frankly shite situation that many people in the uk and most people in the eu didnt really want to be in . 
  ok thanks . 
  yes , its why i tend to think the idea of punishing the uk by potentially adding hurdles to exporters on both sides is not in anyones interests . 
  your uncle might be better off waiting to see what happens . . ? 
  i dont think we have any trouble telling friend from foe , it 's just that many of our friends are really pissed off with us right now , 
  the irrational desire for vengance that makes you seem like a bunny boiling ex-girlfriend . 
  i would think that a trade deal that is mutually beneficial to both sides would be the main leverage ? 
  britain might loose and arm and a leg if negotiations turn sour , but does europe really want to lose a hand just to watch the uk hop ? 
  who has suffered from this and how ? 
  really curious, 
  otherwise known as english, 
  make an example of us ... ? 
  do you even read what you write ? 
  i wouldnt mind if we could push it closer to australia maybe, 
  little bitter about something are we ? 
  the remain argument was ( for the most part ) so negative . 
  even though i intended to and did vote remain , the hyperbole was starting to irritate me so much i was almost tempted to vote leave . 
  there was very little to be inspired by . 
  we are literally monsters * hangs head in shame *, 
  basically anyone who is tall and blond these days is fair game . 
  watch out boris ( he 's tall right ? ), 
  you do n't defend europe single handedly and medical , technological and pharmaceutical development flows both ways - though i understand why you felt the need the write this . 
  yes , there are only white anglo people in the `` anglosphere '' all those other non anglo and non white people are just an illusion . 
  we 're literally being towed further out into the atlantic then !, 
  not sure about france but the uk nukes are second strike weapons only to be used if the uk itself is nuked , so probably not . 
  well as empires go , i think it would be more of an american one :p, 
  i think you probably have a few of your own prejudices to work through about the british . 
  i think it 's pretty obvious that he just says the first thing that comes to mind when he 's grasping for a response to something he hasnt considered or thought much about . 
  if you like . 
  eating what !, 
  more to the point , our fish and chip exports !, 
  i 'm not sure that many brits actually claim not to be european ; it 's more that some brits ( certainly some older brits ) simply do n't actively feel european . 
  i do n't really know why , but i think that 's less true of younger brits who interact with other europeans a lot more than older generations ever did . 
  i think the independent likes making a fuss of it because of the whole brexit apocalypse scenario they are using as click bait right now . 
  i hope not , its the only way we get to see the sun . 
  if those feckers start breathing fire id be worried . 
  are we talking young russian one direction having sing offs outside the kremlin or is it more saxophone duels across red square ? 
  seriously though , russia looks like it 's gone full on chav !, 
  i 'd probably laugh more if it was n't true ... 
  they are clearly having more fun = longer life . 
  soft power is more about ability to influence ; russia may stick itself into the occasional headline with dickish behavior , but that 's almost the opposite of soft power , it 's the aggressive school bully acting out in the corner rather than the popular kid that everyone wants to hang around with . 
  it really does n't hurt , that 's for sure . 
  is n't it the dutch living in britain who are loosing out though ? 
  yes and i 'd disagree that education on it 's own is the answer , but something must be working at some level with the millions who are pretty well integrated ie people we work with , are friends , with are neighbors with etc. . . 
  i 'm just saying we should n't be painting whole groups of people based on their most extreme members - this is n't even one single culture we 're talking about . 
  it would be like excluding people from the us because of gun toting , black hating , evolution denying , kkk loving nutters . 
  never voted conservative , but i probably would if she was in charge . 
  i hope you intend to call them liberte muffins , egalite beer and fraternite haggis ? 
  aye , looking out of the window at a lot of blue , that thing is way too cloudy . 
  you make it sound like every second and third generation immigrant is a terrorist . 
  if that was the case the uk would be a lot more explodey right now , so would france and holland . 
  clearly there have been terrorist attacks , but do n't forget there are millions of people from a second/third generation background and it 's not exactly a warzone outside my window right now . 
  most people are pretty well integrated . 
  it 's not my theory , just trying to explain one of the arguments and i 'm not sure how i can explain any more clearly - the polish/romanian whatever person in britain is sending/taking money back to poland / romania wherever , where the money effectively stretches a lot further further . 
  which is as basic as i can make it . 
  it 's not a random scenario it 's what happens in a lot of cases . 
  it 's less relevant now i suspect , but it was the motivation for a lot of people wanting to work in the uk who did n't necessarily want to settle here . 
  not sure if it 's still a thing , or how big an impact it really had . 
  he did n't ? 
  it 's pretty funny to be fair . 
  perhaps i 'm not explaining myself very well . 
  the poles living in an apartment in the uk to save money will be sending that money home or returning home with their earnings . 
  due to the difference in living expenses between the uk and poland as well as the exchange rate , they can therefore make that money stretch a lot further than for example a british worker trying to save that money in the uk . 
  people choosing that option will be willing to work for a little less for the same reason - hence the argument about wage depreciation . 
  a pole whose whole family live in the uk probably would n't benefit from that arrangement either as he would have the same cost of living to deal with as any other uk family . 
  the money just would n't really stretch as far to make it worth while . 
  not saying that immigration is a bad thing , because i personally do n't think it is , but that 's possibly one of the effects . 
  it 's for the un to impose both , not the uk acting unilaterally . 
  you would then have to impose the same sanctions on every other country that was not a former british colony that also behaves in a similarly repressive way . 
  i 'm not sure what the process would be for kicking a country out of the commonwealth , but again its not something the uk can do unilaterally . 
  think it 's something to do with student visas as much as anything . 
  something something anglosphere bias something something . 
  looking at the trade deficit the balance flows in the other direction . 
  there 's only a handful of eu countries where the uk has a trade surplus . 
  the argument is that they ( some at least ) are able to work for lower wages since they are not subject to the same living costs as someone supporting a family in the uk . 
  this probably would n't apply to those who come with their families and settle , since the same housing/living cost pressures would apply . 
  but it might be true of those who are able to live several people to a small house , who intend to return home , or send their cash back home . 
  they profit due to the exchange rate ( or at least did ) and pretty low living costs since they are sharing a small house with a load of other adults in the same position . 
  the same economics do n't really work for brits living in the uk , if the wages barely cover living costs in the first place . 
  do brits living in spain not pay any tax that contributes towards the infrastructure ? 
  since when ? 
  we usually get a roasting too , 
  well yes , but it would make no sense to go for something that puts us in a worse situation than we are at the moment ie often running a trade surplus with the us . 
  it 's fair to say things are still fairly fluid . 
  it 's hard to tell where we will all end up at this point . 
  people who voted remain would be happy to have a close a relationship with the eu as possible , which would effectively mean staying in the single market with all the requirements that come with it ( free movement etc. . . ) .
