  i agree , the eu flag is actually a nice design . 
  barely a diplomatic crisis in fairness - the spanish said `` calm down mate '' and the british pm laughed off the whole thing . 
  our newspapers leave a lot to be desired . 
  virgin galactic is owned by a european company at least , but in every other respect i agree . 
  no need to get yourself all worked up and angry at something that is n't happening ... take a few newspaper articles and judge us all . 
  nice . 
  no country is threatening war and i do n't think i 've heard a single person even discuss this in conversation ( in the real world that is ) . 
  again ... a stupid hypothetical question was asked in an interview and a stupid answer was given by a former minister who has not been in government for a long time . 
  he walked right into it and the rest is click bait history ... and the old british empire fall back position got tired some time back . 
  nobody seriously thinks this . 
  i think our neighbors probably think we 'd be better off in a transoceanic union , than a union with them . 
  green wing ( series 1 ) at least . 
  i do n't know how serious we are in considering using security cooperation as a bargaining chip - even in the uk it 's considered a bit distasteful . 
  we would only stop sharing intelligence with the eu if things go catastrophically wrong . 
  even then i ca n't imagine a scenario where we would n't share intelligence on potential terrorist attacks . 
  so this is n't much of a bargaining chip . 
  in terms of other general bargaining chips not many . 
  we become a third party country ( as they keep reminding us ) , so our worth to reurope is no greater in some respects than any other country . 
  europe is obviously correct in stating that the eu is a much more important trading partner to the uk than the reverse . 
  however , whilst the uk admittedly needs the eu more , the extent of existing integration makes things more complex . 
  there is a lot of interdependence that would need to unravel if no agreement is reached , a significant amount of eu financing for example comes from london . 
  there is also a big trade deficit with the eu , which indicates the uks value as a trade partner with the rest of europe -- as an external non-eu country we become the eus largest export market ( or as large a market as the us for existing eu exports at 17 % ) . 
  https://fullfact.org/europe/uk-eu-trade/ so it depends what the uk is bargaining for . 
  full single market access is not going to happen , but it is in both sides interest to establish some form of fta ( even if it is n't , as is often repeated , going to be as good as what we currently have ) . 
  i actually thought my czech friend was making this up when she first told me !, 
  made me chuckle for some reason . 
  hmm you have a point . 
  burn us !, 
  can you just annex newcastle , sunderland and m'bro please , instead of burning us down ? 
  possibly glasgow , so the snp would have to use glasgow as code for england ( instead of westminster ) . 
  damn those glasgow elites !, 
  or maybe somewhere like maybe manchester - anywhere but london seems like a good idea right now . 
  not the uk as a whole ( which depending on the city can have a moderately large muslim population ) , but maybe scotland ? 
  really ? 
  i sort of like the idea that 's its easy ? 
  my local accent has certainly toned down since university and also out of necessity for work , but its still obviously identifiable as a generic north east ( england ) regional accent . 
  i probably do use certain words typical of the local dialect , but i 'd say i 'm pretty atypical in terms of having mellowed the accent down a fair bit . 
  people often say i do n't sound like i 'm from `` here . '', 
  so i 'd say for the most part the local accent is still going strong . 
  the news is fairly neutral . 
  i 'd say the criticism of politicians comes more from the current affairs programs than the news itself , this tends to be where analysis of the news happens . 
  no , but it will always be accused of some form of bias when people hear things they do n't like to hear , or do n't agree with - but i 'd say it 's critical of politicians generally . 
  its interviewers have a very hectoring aggressive style , often regardless of who they are talking to & politicians will often get a roasting . 
  i 'd say it 's possibly a bit biased in its coverage , placing a lot more emphasis on us politics in comparison the politics of other eu nations , for example it has a lot of coverage of us elections . 
  it is also sometimes accused of having a left leaning/liberal bias - but that broadly reflects the country has a whole ( with regards to most social & welfare issues ) . 
  but i 'd again say that that 's more a reflection of the types of news articles it covers ( bbc breakfast feels like it should be renamed nhs today at times ) . 
  aye me too . 
  probably not for 20-30 years at least though . 
  that is a difference , true . 
  although regardless of when/how quickly new/old trade arrangements come into place it would be up to individual exporters to exploit them and that isnt the same as flicking a switch . 
  you still have to enter into/or expand into a new market place against existing competition whilst at the same time seeing your existing market potentially shrink at a much quicker rate . 
  she 'll get it , though there will be some squabbling over timing . 
  maybe nip down to cornwall/devon for a couple of days . 
  there are some really lovely places down there . 
  there 's still opposition to wiping out inherited illness through genetic manipulation , but once this becomes established as normal procedure it 's only a matter of time before genetic enhancement becomes feasible and , acceptable to the public . 
  i do n't think we should prevent this , even if initially it 's something only available to the rich , most new things are at first . 
  i 'm choosing to be optimistic and believe that eventually it 's something that would become available to everyone . 
  of course we do n't know what our society will look like in 50 years let alone 100 with all sorts of things potentially having an equally significant or bigger impact ( automation , climate change etc. ... ) . 
  should it be regulated ? 
  well probably yes , otherwise there would be nothing to prevent some incredibly rich person abusing their future offspring by turning them into freaks of nature , just for the hell of it . 
  i really wish the uk would look at a federal structure , it just seems the best option to me , even if it means england itself is broken down into a few smaller federal regions to create a more balanced union . 
  that being the case we would still be a much bigger market for scotland than the rest of the eu . 
  it 's basically the same arguement applied to the uk leaving the single market and thinking it can replace it with other free trade deals . 
  we like them way more than we like ourselves and everyone else likes them way more than they like us too  meaning ireland , not france . 
  sorry france . 
  i can feel the cringe from here, 
  yes , i think that to a certain extent that 's true - although largely ( obviously not exclusively ) , it 's the sort of perspective i 'd associate with older ( 50 + ) , daily mail/sun reading types who have a tendency to be fairly uncritical of the rubbish they read and have read rubbish for a long time . 
  basically we 're a nation full of embarrassing parents , 
  i actually tend to think people look at countries like canada , south korea etc. . . and think if they can survive outside of the eu then so can the uk . 
  for most , it 's not so much an issue of unrealistic self-importance and really not a hankering for a non-existent empire -- more of a perception that we should be fine if those countries are fine . 
  the comparisons are all very different economies with different strengths to the uk and of course , they have their own existing trade relations with other countries , but people tend not to look too deeply at why non-eu countries doing fine without the eu ( or indeed an empire ) , just that they are doing fine . 
  whilst i suspect the latter is unlikley , but they may very well be responsible for the break up of the uk , so it probably depends on how well this works for everyone . 
  i 'm not sure this is true - the eu are clear that we cant just abandon requirements like free movement in order to access the single market , but that doesnt mean if we were willing to compromise that the eu would say no to an efta like arrangement . 
  there wasnt one - one of the ( many ) irritating things about the brexit arguement was its ambiguity . 
  there were lots of rainbows and fluffy clouds on offer , but not a great deal of substance . 
  oh shush with your caps lock . 
  we wouldnt have as much choice of peanut/other butter spreads maybe , but it 's not too unusual or extreme in terms of the size . 
  i 'd say it 's considered normal for people to thank the bus driver here in north east england - may not apply to everywhere though . 
  the most likely response would be fairly extreme sanctions on turkey from the international community . 
  i think their tanks would run our of petrol waiting at the greek border . 
  i 've actually never heard this sterotype about belgiums - italians maybe ? 
  i got that , 
  it is , they must all be freezing up there , apart from their feet . 
  nah we 're eyeing up iceland this time and all that geothermal potential . 
  this is depressing ... but very accurate . 
  i think those type of people are a thing in many countries , they just present a different way depending on the country . 
  having said that , probably less common now that ten years ago . 
  awesome !, 
  now we just need spellcheck to join in !, 
  i 'd say europeans are certainly as free or at least more secure than americans , but it depends how you perceive freedom . 
  employment protection in europe for example is much stronger . 
  so whilst employers are less free to fire someone without a good reason , this is broadly seen as a good thing . 
  we also tend to have better working hours/holiday provision etc ... so possibly more free time & less advantage taking by employers over employees . 
  stronger social protections/broader free health provision/better health insurance schemes in europe mean higher taxes - so we 're less free to spend our money on a new tv , but less likely to end up homeless if things go wrong and more able to access decent health care if we fall ill ( without the huge debt ) . 
  we have ( at least in the uk ) more street cameras than the us - so in that sense it might feel less free ... but the police also seem generally speaking to be better trained and a lot less robocop threatening . 
  obviously i 'm generalising a lot -- even between european countries there are differences . 
  we all live in democracies , so in a sense if there are differences between the us and europe this tends to be by consent ( freedom to choose our own social models ) . 
  as long as i 'm free to criticise the government without fear of arrest , the courts are independent of government , the police ca n't arrest me on a whim and demand a bribe etc ... i 'm free to be who i am without persecution and am protected from persecution by idiots etc. . . other differences are probably fairly superficial . 
  parts of se england ( essex/kent etc. . . ) and some american accents just grate on me a little . 
  i think english is in need to a good spring clean !,
