  the government have tended to take the view that we ca n't stay in the single market because they effectively set themselves certain red lines which would prevent us remaining in the single market . 
  however , because the government is now so weak and unstable those red lines are starting to change colour and waver a little , since even within the government there are different views on how to proceed . 
  we probably wo n't know for certain the direction of travel until may looses her job at some point this year . 
  no definitely a red , white and blue deal which will please both sides bigly . 
  what would be the advantage to the uk of going ahead with that deal then ? 
  you realise i was taking the piss of course ... ? 
  well i 'd be happy with the growth rate of a developing economy with the starting position of an already developed economy if that 's what you mean . 
  for or against the idea , it feels like groundhog day with every other brexit related story . 
  never heard it called that , so they do n't seem to be doing a great job . 
  unbelievable !!!, 
  i never even realised whitby scampi was a thing and i live not too far away !, 
  i was n't aware fried chicken was british hence the question  always thought it was a us import . 
  move aside arnie , the maybotocolypse is on its way . 
  newspapers with an agenda * shrug *, 
  i can get a flag . 
  maybot is now self replicating . 
  soon maybots will be destroying maybots in their thousands . 
  wait . . we get to claim fried chicken ? 
  some people are just overpowered . 
  sick of repeating this but the uk has said it will pay what it owes . 
  by the uk i mean the pm , chancellor and several senior government ministers . 
  it was always the ever inflating amount that was in question , which i suspect was artificially inflated anyway to make the amount we do pay more palatable to the public . 
  they are worse . 
  are you implying that they could n't ? 
  absolutely . 
  i think if the referendum had never happened even many of the people who voted for brexit , probably would n't care . 
  well it wont matter so much , since we wont have any significant influence on the eu . 
  we paid for it byatches . 
  just the uk ? 
  we keep trying to explain that monopoly is just a game , but will you guys listen !, 
  she does ok for a machine though, 
  not particularly wanting to leap to her defense , but apparently the police asked her not to meet the survivors , because they had enough to deal with without having to worry about her security getting in the way . 
  i thought it was the french who use this in particular to describe us - it 's what makes us special !, 
  are you saying others can be perfidious too if they work hard . 
  i just do n't feel special anymore . 
  neither of which really detract from the points i was making , 
  absolutely not true . 
  well people spend so much of their time here trawling our own press to remind us of them , it 's probably just a relief to see others fuck up too , 
  upgraded it , 
  you keep saying `` you '' as though the uk is a person . 
  it is n't . 
  i personally have not called you scum . 
  regarding trade , we 're talking pragmatism , not the emotional vomiting of either rabid brexiteers , or indeed rabid europhiles . 
  reducing the conversation to idiotic soundbites does n't help anyone . 
  nor does expressing your personal grievances about the state of your country and open markets it volunteered to participate in . 
  if you do n't like those you can also leave the eu and revert to being a russian satellite . 
  perhaps . 
  i would n't think of the majority who voted due to immigration necessarily as being massively committed ( & generally not insane for the most part  ) , but it was certainly one of the most important issues for a lot of people . 
  even so , politicians really should n't be playing to the gallery , i 'd expect them to be more balanced/realistic in their approach . 
  yes , it just feels like grandstanding without any real logic behind it . 
  i think i saw the same guy speaking . 
  unbelievable . 
  thanks , i tend to think a `` soft brexit '' would be the best option . 
  but i suppose we 'll see what happens . 
  aye , remain had a much harder job to convince people , but effectively they also screwed up and made it a much harder job than it should have been . 
  true , 
  of course he was under pressure from a certain part of his party as well as outside . 
  he still made a decision to put party interests before the national interests and to back himself into a corner in the process . 
  he was n't god emperor , but he was the primeminister and his duty is to look after the country not his own back . 
  yes , i agree . 
  the leave campaign had a much easier job of by a ) offering an alternative b ) showing the eu in a negative light . 
  remain had a much tougher job arguing for the status quo - however , they did n't help themselves by basically offering a weak campaign . 
  you make it sound like they parties do n't ever go back on manifesto pledges , 
  very much so . 
  i 'm lucky enough to own my own home , but anyone who ca n't see that there is a problem is blind . 
  honestly just ... yeah still speechless . 
  genuine question , because i see this said a lot , but when people talk about slowing down/blocking etc. . . what would you like to have seen in place at this point in time had the uk not blocked/slowed things down ? 
  i actually think we 're better off with some sort of norway style arrangement for this reason . 
  the uk stays semi-attached/detached ( whatever ) and things get a lot let messy , but the eu can also integrate more easily ( should all of its members really want that ) , without the uk putting the handbrake on . 
  seems like a win win . 
  is that true ? 
  it 's certainly true of brexiteers in the conservative party and jeremy corbyn and his closest supporters in the labour party , but i 'm not sure it 's true of all of their mps . 
  do n't you tell each other how you 're `` doing wrong '' too , or is europe a hive mind ? 
  assuming we left the eu tomorrow the uk would be the eus biggest export market ( as you would be ours ) . 
  we actually run a trade deficit with virtually every eu country ( slightly out of date research but anyway ... ) . 
  https://fullfact.org/europe/uk-eu-trade/ you ca n't really look at your biggest export market ( the eu is negotiating as a single block ) and imply that that 's meaningless . 
  the eu looks at other countries with whom less trade is done and seems to want mutually beneficial ftas as quickly as they can get them . 
  britain being 5th or 6th biggest economy in the world is n't really the issue , it is being one of the eus top export destinations ( and vice versa ) that should drive both parties to get the mess sorted asap . 
  ps britain pushed for the enlargement of the eu meaning countries like yours are now members , britain was also heavily involved in widening the single market , so it 's a little unfair that britain 's influence always seems to be seen in a negative light . 
  i think we have to be seen to leave regardless , which is why i think some form of norway style option with be arrived at ( hopelessly optimistic maybe ) . 
  the eu supporters here might also like that as an option since the uk wont be in a position to obstruct , whatever it is they think we are obstructing !, 
  he caused the fecking mess in the first place . 
  there 's a big overlap i suspect . 
  a lot of the vote leave areas were not the wealthier successful parts of the uk on the whole , or bigger cities , but places that feel they have been left to fend for themselves . 
  ironically one of the few sources of help for those areas was the eu , but i suppose that point was n't effectively argued and is up against several decades of anti-eu rhetoric from right wing media . 
  however , what 's also true ( though not necessarily a causal factor ) is that most of those areas have also seen the heaviest decline in industry etc. . . since the uk joined the eu . 
  so even if there is no direct causation , people link the two things together . 
  pretty much . 
  it 's not like the referendum gave brexit options just a blanket stay or leave . 
  leave could be anything from heavily integrated like norway or switzerland , or basically as detached as russia with less sanctions . 
  since a hell of a lot of people seemed to be undecided up till the point they voted ( according to polls and yes i 'm aware of the problem with polls !, 
  ) , i doubt they were strongly in favour of the totally detached option . 
  this is more of a soft bouncy brexit which a lot of us want too . 
  combine this with a bungee rope and you 're good . 
  exactly . 
  comparatively small office buildings are pretty much buttoned up in terms of fire regulations , evacuation drills etc. . . and fires in offices are during the day , with fully awake , dressed adults who know what they are doing . 
  then you have somewhere like this that is n't even properly alarmed , full of sleeping families , children and old people ... 
  i literally do n't even know what to say after reading that , but thanks for posting it . 
  shit landlords are basically a fact of life in the uk and nothing is done about them , but this is potentially off the scale . 
  seems to be so .
