i 've lived in both nrw and saxony and never met a silke under 35 , but maybe that 's just dumb luck :p, 
  silke is a dead boring , regular name for middle-aged women in germany . 
  store-bought sourdough bread also works !, 
  while i 'm all in favor of using interpreters to ensure that discussions do n't descend to kindergarten levels just because there 's a language barrier , from what i 've heard his german is better than his english , and he * was * using it until a couple of years ago . 
  he 's even held a speech in the bundestag in german . 
  but then again , who the hell knows with putin , anyway . 
  they used to speak german with each other ( putin used to be a kgb liaison in dresden under the cover of being a translator/interpreter , so it stands to reason he speaks very good german ) , but a couple of years ago , when putin really started up with his nationalistic campaigns , they switched to using an interpreter and pretend he had never so much as set foot in germany . 
  them shitting all over the phoenix metaphor is pretty ironic considering how the firebird is one of the most popular operas to be exported from russia, 
  tumblr may be leaking, 
  oh sorry , my bad, 
  ` now it is time to shave ... ' oh my god for a second i thought he was making a little hitler beard with his fingers, 
  that was the whitest rap i 've ever seen, 
  ... the irish guy is called mickey ? 
  really ? 
  aw , israeli bill nye, 
  wheeeee !, 
  nice to see that uma thurman speaks fluent french . 
  five points to austria from russia ? 
  how is domestic abuse getting this many points ? 
  yeah , that 's the point xd, 
  [ denmark right now ] ( http://satwcomic.com/art/monkey-man.jpg ), 
  something something birnam forest, 
   austria is also changing tact this year in a plea for a more political statement . 
  drag artist conchita wurst , whose real name is tom neuwirth , will be representing austria with a ballad ` rise like a phoenix ' . 
  russians have suggested having such an entrant is promoting sodomy and goes against all that russians stand for . 
  petitions have been launched in ukraine , russia and belarus , calling for the entry to be disqualified , or edited out of the broadcast in their country . 
  [ \\ ( link ] ( http://vadamagazine.com/03/05/2014/vadamusic/eurovision-drag ) ), 
  she knows ... * everything *, 
  i did erasmus in 2012/13 and came to visit for uka , 
  friendly reminder that russia actively tried to get conchita wurst/austria disqualified . 
  if anyone wants to piss russia off ... this is your chance !, 
  do they know it 's eurovision at all ? 
  2015 , get ready for a breakdancing pope . 
  my flatmate just complained about the low freak show factor of this year 's eurovision ... and then ladders . 
  they had a bunch of white fabric as set dressing behind a woman in a white dress . 
  so many possibilities ... 
  i was so excited when i thought san merino had a dress like jubalong 's version of greece . 
  and then super-disappointed to see when they did n't . 
  aw , i thought the uk was gon na have a flag of chavs in blue , red and white tracksuits . 
  apparently one of the lines was ` vodka is better than whiskey or gin ' . 
  wait , did n't this band already play an hour and a half ago ? 
  mmmbop !, 
  whelp , i think we should introduce trigger warnings for next year 's eurovision o_o, 
  hooray not a ballad, 
  as a knitter , that spanish flag made me more glad than it maybe should have . 
  shiny as that is , if i was wearing that costume , i 'd seriously worry about the senate plotting an assassination attempt . 
  i wish i had graham norton to snark softly into my ear, 
  maybe . 
  aunt zelda , when did you move to sweden ? 
  am i the only one who keeps thinking that moderator is really glinda the good witch ? 
  why not both ? 
  oh , i live in a really poor neighborhood that sees its fair share of wifebeaters , polyester 80s tracksuits and adidas sandals -- i 'm not saying everybody confirms to the put-together stereotype , that would be ridiculous . 
  but generally , you see ( for example , to reference another stereotype ) fewer girls in their early twenties with messy hair buns , college hoodies and uggs around the streets , grocery stores or even in university buildings than in the good ol' us of a. 
  i 've gotten the impression that europeans tend to have a look that 's a bit more put-together , especially when comparing college-age people . 
  i guess when you do n't have the option to live on campus , the rate of pajamas and track pants in public decreases drastically . 
  when my american friends visit me ( in germany ) , they usually marvel at the comparative absence of hoodies and sneakers -- those are generally considered sports/housewear around here ( teenagers and some subcultures notwithstanding ) . 
  also , white sneakers and uggs . 
  german is black dress socks with sandals ... or tennis socks with those adidas shower shoes, 
  anything loriot has ever done , really . 
  i 'm so glad i 'm not the only person who plans their travels with that in mind !, 
  i 'm german . 
  believe me , i know . 
  yeah , that would 've been a bad time to be a guy with phimosis . 
  or a jew . 
  i wonder how demographics play into this . 
  there 's a lot of first and second generation immigrants from south america that account for a ton of children , are there any statistics on whether they 're more or less likely to be circumcised ? 
  oops , sorry , disregard my comment then, 
  the ban is only on circumcision for non-medical reasons, 
  proven is a strong word , as someone upthread has already mentioned ( and as comes up in every single thread about circumcision ) , that information is based on one study from sub-saharan africa , where foreskin or no foreskin just one among many , many factors . 
  used to be , anyway , circumcision rates are way down the past couple of years, 
  you 'd love [ cakewrecks ] ( http://www.cakewrecks.com/ ), 
  do n't get them started on the sami ... 
  fair enough . 
  i think we can all agree that sarrazin is a heaping piece of shit in pretty much all directions . 
  but i do think part of the problem is that any sort of criticism towards integration is lumped in with the crazy perpetuated by him and people like him , so there ca n't be a non-crazy debate in the first place . 
  i 'm all for immigration . 
  everyone , come here , it 's a pretty good country to live in . 
  i love that borders in the eu are open . 
  but for god 's sake , if you 're gon na live in another country for more than a handful of years , learn the language . 
  if you 're gon na raise children here , make sure * they * learn german so they can , y' know , get an education and follow their dreams . 
  i know of adults in my hometown who were born in germany and have somehow managed to slip through the school system without learning german , they ca n't even go to a regular shop outside of their ethnic enclave . 
  i just spent a year in norway and they require you to take basic norwegian if you 're moving there permanently so you can function in society , and they do pretty well on remedial norwegian lessons for immigrant children , but germany still seems to be stuck in that gastarbeiter mentality of hoping that everyone 's gon na go back ` home ' eventually . 
  eh , it 's not just americans . 
  germany has spent the last 50 years trying really hard to pretend it is n't a popular country for immigration , so our integration programs suck . 
  and then everyone complains in private about how immigrants are n't integrated . 
  and then you ca n't have a public discussion about it because you 'll get branded a nazi in three seconds flat . 
  i really miss n\u00f8gne and frydelund bayer now that i 'm back in germany . 
  it 's a good thing i have a somewhat generous beer budget for uka . 
  i admit i know very little about journalism , but from what they said , it seems to be fairly common to conduct interviews in bars , much like going out for lunch or dinner with business partners . 
  but considering his conduct over the last couple of years , arguing about that detail is pretty much semantics . 
  well , it was n't exactly that he flirted with one journalist after an intervew . 
  it was that a journalist called him out on being extremely unprofessional in a professional environment to the point where she could n't conduct the interview she was set to conduct because he was too busy trying to get her back to his room . 
  and then it turned out that he does this all the time and has been for years , that female journalists are strongly advised not to be alone in the same room with him , especially after a certain time of the day , and that he 's been touchy enough to have earned the monicker of ` butt-grabber ' among berlin journalists . 
  and it certainly did n't help that his party tried to turn it around and make him the victim . 
  so yeah , i thought that scandal was pretty justified . 
  probably not their core voters , but it ca n't exactly have helped to draw in new voters . 
  it 's supposed to be ; part of why the weimar republic failed is because they had too many small parties that could n't agree on anything , which made it easier for the nazi party to gain power . 
  yeah , at this point you can barely tell the difference between cdu/csu and spd . 
  do n't forget that the face of their campaign was rainer br\u00fcderle of all people , who was recently involved in a bit of a sexism scandal . 
  at my school , we stopped having swimming lessons around 7th or 8th grade when 90 % the girls would mysteriously have their periods in the weeks we had swimming .
