  faz for the conservative side , spiegel for the left side of things . 
  an example for that would be that peterson claimed `` frozen '' to be propaganda . 
  depends on where your from . 
  i could name a couple of good german news outlets, 
  that are just dudes who get all their opinions from sargon of akkad and jordan peterson without questioning anything . 
  the original term was cultural bolshevism , but since the nazis coined that term , they had to pick something else for their bullshit conspiracy . 
  but muh white genocide, 
  what this guy said, 
  you 're projecting that on me . 
  theoretically speaking nationalism has its merits and was definitly helpful in driving certain good historical occurences like the unification of germany and irish independance . 
  the other side of the coin is that in europe blatant nationalism will always leed to conflict . 
  nationalist interests caused both major wars in europe and continues to stir shit up everywhere ( serbia , ukraine etc. ), 
  if france was deeply nationalistic it would be in conflict with nearly all of its neighbours . 
  is 60 % french speaking . 
  any nationalist goverment would see that as a justification for annexing parts of the country since `` your people '' are the defining factor . 
  thats why nationalism in europe will always be cancer . 
  the nations simply are not shut of from oneanother . 
  all the things you mentiones can be maintained without ignoring your neighbors interest . 
  nationalistic policy has proven to be unsubstainable, 
  where did i say that ? 
   to blanket claim all nationalism as simply cancer is more a reflection of what you think of your own people 's history than a reflection on nationalism itself . 
  you 're projecting that on me . 
  theoretically speaking nationalism has its merits and was definitly helpful in driving certain good historical occurences like the unification of germany and irish independance . 
  the other side of the coin is that in europe blatant nationalism will always leed to conflict . 
  nationalist interests caused both major wars in europe and continues to stir shit up everywhere ( serbia , ukraine etc. ), 
  if france was deeply nationalistic it would be in conflict with nearly all of its neighbours . 
  is 60 % french speaking . 
  any nationalist goverment would see that as a justification for annexing parts of the country since `` your people '' are the defining factor . 
  thats why nationalism in europe will always be cancer . 
  the nations simply are not shut of from oneanother . 
  all the things you mentiones can be maintained without ignoring your neighbors interest . 
  nationalistic policy has proven to be unsubstainable, 
  because nationalism is already cancer . 
  putting a race-spin on it makes it even worse . 
   the left-wing press will suppress you and will call you xenophobe , thus associating you with the `` straight up right wing extremist holy shit mate . 
  get out of your freaking basement for once . 
  `` the press '' is reporting on the problems with migrants every fucking day . 
  my pleasure dude . 
  if only we could get more families like this instead of the economic migrants . 
  really sad they had to endure these attacks . 
  maybe some guys around here should actually read the article before going into full `` fuck all migrants '' - mode . 
   huh , paints a whole different picture of our whole supposed high and mighty european values etc. 
  * sigh * here we go again in sweden you can only be held for 14 days maximum and only then only due to certain circumstances , e.g. 
  evidence tampering , potential witness tampering , risk of doing a runner etc. . . after 14 days the prosecutor must then ask the court for permission to continue , and again every so often after that also . 
  it is n't as if there is no legal process behind it , it is n't that it is on the whim of the public prosecutor to hold someone indefinitely . 
  the detainee , if released without charge or found not guilty at trial , gets compensation ( something around 500/day ) plus compensation for loss of earnings and even more if there was a lot of media attention with regards the detention/case . 
  its not like the u.s 's guantanamo bay detention camp . 
  i really liked * the stranger * by albert camus . 
  left me kinda depressed for a while . 
   you mean to say that eu can punish someone for electing the government brussels do not want ? 
  wow - even russia pretends to respect democracy to some extent . 
  that puts eu in very poor spotlight . 
  i think you 're misunderstanding what actually happened in 2001 . 
  calling the bilateral actions between austria and eu at that time `` sanctions '' was a result of the austrian goverment branding it that way , to make them seem like victims . 
  no actual document contains the word `` sanctions '' . 
  the actions which the eu ( and others ! ), 
  took were a toning down of bilateral relationships on a goverment and diplomatic level . 
  in no way were these actual sanctions against austria . 
  the eu-14 states ( plus the czech republic , canada , israel and norway ) just did not want so close ties to the austrian goverment . 
  definitly false flag by the english !, 
  thanks !, 
  siemens makes plenty of software . 
  the mars rover f.i. 
  was designed with siemens software . 
  thats right around the corner from me . 
  i really enjoy having so many dutchies around . 
  they 're always so friendly !, 
  neither does siemens . 
  get fucked nationalists . 
   ps : but i thought you were already under shakira law :( yeah , well . 
  kinda . 
  in germany it is a criminal offence if your hips are lying . 
   for centuries , ( ... ) we 've dreamt of creating a `` european empire '' hello there, 
  also today : [ ukrainian military intelligence officer killed by car bomb in kiev ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jun/27/ukraine-colonel-maksim-shapoval-killed-car-bomb-kiev ), 
  imagine an army invading another country to fucking ode to joy hahaha, 
  saved protestant germany from catholic opression . 
  all hail gustavus adolphus , the lion from the north !, 
  but why single out germany ? 
  and why would they impose anything on britain unless britain has to lend money from them . 
   imposed on us from germany ? 
  say what now ? 
  this shit writes itself . 
  just let us through for kaisers sake !, 
  just inviting you to be a part of our superior kultur  ... . . ^ by ^ force ^ if ^ necessary, 
   what is the solution to stop migrants from libya ? 
  post it . 
  here you big idiot . 
  maybe start reading actual news and not just listen to fucking youtubers and breitbart . 
  [ migrant crisis : eu leaders agree plan to stop libya influx ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-38850380 ), 
  its still not being done by the german state, 
  lets agree to disagree . 
  i dont . 
  the german state simply does not own mercedes . 
  simple as that . 
  i 'm no expert in economy but i would say both benefit . 
  maybe hungary a tad more since they now have a big company paying taxes , creating jobs and being able to buy mercedes products for a lower price . 
   the slight issue being that the owners are german and they can decide their future and who they buy from ( more germans ) . 
  i think they will just by from whoever has the best to offer . 
  same would be true if they were polish, 
   because where they could had a polish supermarket , they have a lidl .
