  we 're still europeans . 
  britan made the decision and thats okay . 
  economy for both parties will probably be fine . 
  stop using the brexit to divide europe even more . 
  everyone benefits from mutual kindness and respect . 
  i 'm as pro eu as anyone here but that does not mean i 'm anti uk . 
  we 're still neighbors and have the same interests overall . 
   germany needs to put its complexes aside and assume a leadership role in europe no . 
  this is the way to kill the eu . 
  everybody should have an equal standing and say in matters that affect the eu . 
  anything less would be uneuropean . 
   from afar it looks like liberals and sicialdemocrats are aiming for a franco-german-italian federation within the eu we 'll call it the central powers !, 
   eu-comission representative is nominated by your goverment   not by the demos . 
    what 's the mechanism for removing powers from the eu ? 
  whats the mechanism to remove your prime minister ? 
  vote for a different party who will nominate a different representative . 
  dont like that the parliament confirmed a candidate you dont like ? 
  vote for a different party in the eu elections . 
   we the people have no power to repeal or remove powers from the eu : it will continue to remove freedoms and power from us over time what do you mean ? 
  the european parliament is literally elected by the people and your eu-comission representative is nominated by your goverment . 
  and germany < 3, 
  recently visited verd\u00fan in eastern france . 
  its hard to grasp the extent of the destruction that took place there in ww1 . 
  seeing the torn up fields and huge graveyards leaves you speechless . 
  then when you hear the accounts of the soldiers who went through this hell your head is spinning because of the sheer horrificness . 
  it really makes you appreciate the franco-german friendship we have today . 
  next time we fight , its side by side . 
  the people living under democracies probably just need another drop of the sword of damocles to appreciate what they have . 
  my family suffered under facism and under communism . 
  people tend to forget the past rather quickly it seems . 
  my apologies . 
  i misunderstood you . 
   despite appearances , we still love you guys too . 
  this will all settle down eventually and we can go back to ... celebrating our anglo-saxon friendship  ftfy, 
  just get lost already . 
  nobody here cares anyway . 
  sorry for all the anti-uk circlejerking around here : / . 
  we still love you tommy 's . 
  i 'll be the fist one to admit that germany should work closer with eu member states and hold their interests to a higher regard than now . 
  that said , this article is just laughable . 
  its just a fucking hitpiece , making assumptions about the german nature and motivations . 
   the charges of egotism and high-handed behavior are relatively new . 
  in the 1949-to-1990 bonn republic , west germany was a humble subordinate of the western alliance . 
  ah , i see where this comes from . 
  kinda sucks that the eu is more and more becoming a world superpower doesnt it ? 
  kinda sucks that the eu has the biggest gdp and 25 % of all scientific research comes out of the eu doesnt it ? 
  kinda hurts ? 
   its meekness and rock-solid commitment to the good of the eu , in which political power was more widely distributed than it is today ( mostly in the direction of paris ) , stemmed from the world war ii crimes committed by nazi germany . 
  how could anyone take this `` article '' seriously !? 
  what about the other eu member states that commit to the eu ? 
  is it possible that the eu exists because everybody in the eu benefits ? 
  no , probably just because of the nazi 's . 
   meanwhile , germany insists that other countries follow its lead on climate change , shutting down nuclear power stations and switching to clean energy generation . 
  but germany is europe 's biggest burner of dirty coal ( seventh in the world ) , and it 's not on track to hit the paris agreement 's reduction targets for 2020 . 
  you know that these guidelines also apply to germany right ? 
  its not like germany is opposing them on others . 
  god damn . 
  germany definitly has problems but this borders on a pure expression of bitterness . 
  where you stated the replacement as a fact, 
   a constitution does n't make or break a country . 
  hitler had the same constitution as the weimar republic of 1919 during his entire term in power . 
  well , didnt really matter after the erm\u00e4chtigungsgesetz, 
  you dont see a problem in this fear mongering ? 
  if you 're convincing people of this nonsense , they will not hesitate to use violence once a certain point for them is crossed . 
  [ case in point ] ( http://imgur.com/ftja8cx ), 
  that guy is a clown . 
  anyone familiar with his work wont take him seriously on any topic, 
  we had the marshal-plan while they had a corrupt and genocidal goverment which lead to the complete collapse of their homecountry . 
  not that amazing . 
  thats unfortunate . 
  you 're missing out . 
  the eu is atm in a big pr disaster . 
  populists use this to rise to power . 
  if we want a stable europe or perhaps even the united states of europe , we need to inform people what the eu actually does , how it works , how they can take part in it and why it is there at all . 
  for europe it is time to abolish this `` nationalist '' thinking method which drove it on the brink of destruction twice already . 
  this includes thinking of us as one people and not making decisions alone that affect everybody ( like merkel did ) and strenghten our bonds through cultural exchanges etc. 
  thats how the franco-german relationship became what it is now , after decades of utter hatred . 
  just my 2 cents, 
  if you would force one of the two options you provide on the eu members , the eu will actually be the monster the right makes it out to be . 
   but holocaust was n't motivated by christian ideology , but by nazi ideology . 
  the holocaust was motivated by hundreds of years of jew-hatred in europe , which came out of christianity . 
  there is no doubt about that . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antisemitism_in_europe, 
   and having or not having abitur at least gives me an indication . 
  an indication of what ? 
  that he will always check the facts before a speech ? 
  seems like alot of high education politians dont live up to that standard, 
   why would we hand it over to someone who had problems in school when there is plenty of people going around who did not have problems in school ? 
  because it is not that relevant . 
  its not like he dropped out of school and just stumpled into the spd . 
  he went to a gymnasium but had to settle for the lower degree and has been president of the european parliament for quite some time . 
  i dont see how merkels knowledge of chemistry makes her a better diplomat . 
  surely we should hold our politians to some sort of standart regarding education but i dont see what about having abitur makes you a better chancelor . 
  i have my own issues with schulz but disqualifying on the bases that he * only * has mittlere reife is silly . 
   who has demonstrated that he lacks the intellectual quality necessary to pass even such a basic test ? 
  how has he demonstrated that ? 
  i 'd say being fluent in 5 languages shows a certain intellect of its own , even if this person had problems in school 30 years ago . 
  you make it seem like anyone without abitur is a low-life hillbilly who cant be trusted with a large amount of responsibility . 
  why does that matter ? 
  is working as a book seller such a filthy profession that it disqualifies you from ever holding a public office ?
