mexico : we had a bunch of tacos . 
  but talking seriously we had some good news , trump is farther from the white house , the most corrupt state governor resigned ( we are a federal republic ) , and we are going to make a day of dead parade in mexico city just like the one in the last bond movie , the reasoning behind this was , `` when tourists come on day of the dead they will be looking for a parade and we actually do n't have one '' . 
  it 's in the neutral list . 
  central america is absurdly inexpensive the last year i went to costa rica , nicaragua and panam\u00e1 i spent exactly 50 usd per day , including transportation , hostels , and beer . 
  although the most expensive place was panama city . 
  nicaragua was by far the cheapest like 30 usd per day . 
  my favorite place there was costa rica , but go to the caribbean side , it 's less touristy . 
  even if i were n't mexico city native i would still consider it one of the most amazing cities on earth , i 've been to nyc , sf , la , london , madrid . 
  i think it 's more like nyc , there 's everything you had ever wanted , there are lots of foreigners , the biggest groups are : argentinian , cuban , spaniards , colombian , brazilian , americans ( not mexican-americans ) . 
  it has tons of museums , my favorite museum is the anthropology museum , it has tons of prehispanic artifacts , it 's in par with the met and the british museum , minus the art . 
  for art , there are entire museums dedicated for frida khalo , diego rivera , rufino tamayo , siqueiros and many other contemporary mexican and latin american artists . 
  if you like music then it 's also an amazing place to be , there are world-class concerts every weekend , the night life is one of the best , do you want to go to a new orleans style jazz bar ? 
  sure no problem , maybe you are into korean karaoke ? 
  you name it and i 'm sure that there 's a place for every genre . 
  the food man , it 's the cuisine mecca , 3 of the top 50 restaurants in the world are in mexico city and that 's just the modern cuisine , there are restaurant for every regional cuisine from mexico , an art mastered after thousands of years of tradition and culture . 
  one of the regional mexican cuisines is in the unesco 's intangible cultural heritage list , no other country have such acknowledgement . 
  i love his channel , very interesting to see his perspective . 
  i would add brazil to the positive ones . 
  all of them ? . 
  well i think french women is a common stereotype , also eastern european . 
  modern cartels started with the prohibition in the us . 
  they used to bootleg tequila and mexican beer . 
  they keep doing that long after prohibition was over , they transitioned to harder drugs in the 50 's and 60 's , the first major drug cartels appeared in the 70 's and most leaders were sons of bootleggers . 
  the mexican cartels really took off after the fall of medellin and cali cartels in the 90 's . 
  i think if we got rid of the cartels overnight we still would have the same problems , kidnapping , killing , etc. 
  the real solution is access to education , our education system is kidnapped by a powerful union that sometimes act like a cartel . 
  that should be the first step , get rid of the union and get more funds to education , only ignorant kids join the cartels and other crime gangs . 
  i had barbacoa , google it , you would kill someone for some of it . 
  it 's sad that they had to go in the first place , but i like that americans are getting friendlier with them and are starting to embrace their new bicultural reality . 
  for me as a mexican living in mexico is so glad to talk to them when im in the us , because they have a lot of nostalgia and we can spend hours talking about food , places , futbol , and anything related to mexico , the last time i was in la i spent two hours talking with a taco dealer , and mostly talk about politics although he was from michoacan and i 'm from mexico city i read the news everyday so i could gave him an account of what was happening there ( self defense forces ) . 
  he had n't visited his native town for like 15 years . 
  actually my favorite sauce is one made in belize , is called marie sharps , it 's the best sauce ever , i 'm seriously thinking to reverse-engineer that sauce and sell it in mexico . 
  some belizeans smuggle it and sell it in cancun and playa del carmen http://www.mariesharps-bz.com/, 
  me three , having tacos and beer right now . 
  damn indians stealing our jobs before mexico even existed !!, 
  gib california , nevada , nuevo mexico , arizona , colorado and you get yucatan pen\u00ednsula ( a.k.a. 
  greater canc\u00fan ) and los cabos in return . 
  also you can keep texas , thank you very much . 
  there are presidential systems that have two branches of executive . 
  fyi , mexico also has only one branch in the executive . 
  i think other latin american countries do the same . 
  well obviously / u/istencsaszar did n't read the article , first the autor is american , so not a single western european is involved in the classification of people , and this graph is only talking about negotiations and deal-closings , even the author is acknowledging that . 
  we adopted yoshi also . 
  both , he tried to make emphasis on the definitely not selfish decision to fight the nazis , but it 's not that obvious in spanish either . 
  romanian police should take them out of theirs cells in the middle of the night , take them to the woods , put them on their knees , load and point their weapons to their heads and then just tell them , `` it 's just a prank bro '' . 
  i do n't know , i buy 1kg every two weeks just for myself . 
  coffee is only popular in urban areas , in some parts tea ( chamomile ) is more common , nationwide hot chocolate is more common . 
  we have very low coffee consumption nationwide , about 0.5 kg per capita per year . 
  the source for this article is a report from the [ pa consulting group ] ( http://www2.paconsulting.com/brexitandtheautomotivesector_download.html ) , which is easy to find with google . 
  i think is very irresponsible to claim real news organizations as fake news , if you do n't trust the headline of an article read it and look for the sources , then check if the sources are real and trustworthy . 
  [ we have good reasons ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saint_patrick's_battalion ) edit : [ mexico has a crush for ireland ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/3aj4o8/serenata_for_erin/ ), 
  sounds like a perfect place to build super-villain lair . 
  i 'm not so sure , the mexico paying part was also to allure the racists and xenophobes , which was then reinforced with his muslim ban . 
  i do n't say it 's likely but is possible , imagine living in a country with two or three digit inflation rates . 
  that 's the kind of country that abandons its currency and its closed borders policy , only if they had the choice , which the uk has . 
  they should have named that position `` el presidente '' but i guess tr\u00f3pico did n't existed yet . 
  i think you would get a better answer in / r/askhistorians , but you should read the book anyway , aristotle 's work was translated into classical latin until the 12th century , although with the help from a 5th century book . 
  photios , the patriarch under basil i which extended the ere up to lombardy in 876 , translated many texts from classical latin and old-greek to medieval-greek , and wrote many books about how to translate old books , this was one of the texts that was brought into light after the fall of constantinople which would spark interest on old texts that were n't translated . 
  aristotle was easier to translate back in 12th century , many of his texts were translated to other languages , arab , medieval greek ( thanks to photios ) and classical latin . 
  boethius translated aristotle 's `` categories '' from old-greek to classical latin in the 6th century , and it found a way to survive in western europe until it was discovered in the 12th century , which was the basis for the translation for all of his work , so aristotle 's work had a lot of luck , so many others ' did n't . 
   the renaissance started before constantinople fell . 
  well the renaissance from the 12th century in western europe and the one that followed the fall of constantinople are different because the former was focused on current ( at the time ) arab and greek texts about natural sciences , philosophy and mathematics , and the latter was focused on texts in latin and greek of the antiquity that had fallen into obscurity , which changed the way people thought about arts , politics , religion and history . 
  read [ lost to the west ] ( https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6415185-lost-to-the-west ) , it 's an amazing book about the ere . 
  tl ; dr we did n't lost all their knowledge , in the final days of the siege of constantinople many scholars managed to escape to italian cities , igniting the renaissance . 
  if implemented it probably will be visa on arrival . 
  ehmm some , i assume , are good people . 
  there are like 40m americans whose native language is spanish , plus another 10 to 20m illegals who might become citizens in the coming years , mexico is expected to maintain its growth economically and demographically at least for the next 30 years reaching the top 10 in nominal gdp in the 2040 's ( currently at pos 15 ) and 160m habitants . 
  colombia and chile although their economy is promising their demographics not that much . 
  also argentina has better demographics but need to get their shit together economically speaking . 
  well what do you expect from people that drinks wine with coca cola ? 
  i would have eaten all of them until i puke then the joke is on them . 
  in the us it 's called monteafricanamerican though, 
  well eu in spanish is estados unidos = = usa . 
  brazilian portuguese is a lot easier for us ( i 'm talking about speaking comprehension ) , if they do n't use slang i can understand like 80 % . 
  the first time i heard portugal 's portuguese i thought it was french ( i did n't knew french at the time ) , before i took french classes i could n't understand anything , zero , nada . 
  i confused german and french speakers all the time . 
   como andas boludo yeah that would trigger any latin american too . 
  central and north america too . 
  the wikipedia article is based in the article linked in this thread , i think it 's better to read/link the original . 
  we can make pizza tacos , 
  in mexico city you can have tacos at 4am , actually the best ones opens past midnight . 
  no , you have to eat the whole enchilada, 
  hello this is mexico , do you want a taco truck in every corner ? 
  sign up for your uk-mex fta now !, 
  [ code-switching ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/code-switching ) makes portu\u00f1ol / portunhol 99 % intelligible for spanish and portuguese speakers . 
  i was able to code-switch after of couple of days of living with a brazilian . 
  i member !, 
   it has a complicated relationship with latin america naah , it 's all good . 
  that 's because prejudice and prejuicio came from the same latin root : * iudicium * , which means verdict . 
  but you got your prejudice from the french , or as known in antiquity * latinized germans * . 
  it seems he recognized `` get lucky '' at 1:20 . 
  but who knows maybe he was checking out the band 's ladies . 
  also the construction started in 1882 , today it 's being finished more as a monument than for religious purposes . 
  [ mexican wwii propaganda ] ( http://retrohelix.com/en/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/yq1mc9h.jpg ), 
  that 's easier to say when you are an island and nearest emigration-prone countries are 1 ) thousands of kms away or 2 ) regimes with harsh emigration policies . 
  if japan had a large land border with mexico or philippines or any other similar country the story would be very different . 
  the tallest building in mexico is [ torre koi ] ( http://www.movimet.com/2015/09/monterrey-el-nuevo-perfil-metropolitano/ ) at monterrey with 276m , which would be at # 3 in this list but torre insignia would be at # 2 with 330m . 
  the tallest building in mexico city is [ torre reforma ] ( http://legacy.skyscrapercenter.com/class-image.php/userpics/10005/?width=1000&amp;height=800&amp;image=/images/albums/userpics/10005/torre-reforma_alfonso-merchand-lbr-a13.jpg ) with 244m . 
  and the spanish speaking version of 4chan : meneame . 
   catarineta in mexico it 's known as `` catarina '' .
