  functioning lftrs were built and tested in the 50 's if i 'm not mistaken . 
  india is currently building a thorium power plant that will be finished in 2016 . 
  i disagree with your timeframe . 
  if i recall correctly , the current nuclear waste can also be destroyed in a molten salt reactor , at least to a certain degree . 
  in other words , * `` do n't worry about it , future generations will deal with it . 
  '' * we need to be responsible for what we do . 
  too many people think that what we do has no consequence because technology will inevitably solve the issue at some point . 
  it wo n't unless we make it . 
  the future is now . 
  i think storing the waste underground is sweeping the problem under the rug for future generations to find and deal with . 
  the problem is not which is the biggest issue , it 's the fact that we have the option to deal with both issues and still everyone is taking sides . 
  yes , i did n't mean to say * immediately * shut down . 
  i do want the process accelerated , though . 
  gradual over the course of 5 or 10 years rather than 20 or 30 . 
  the politicians do n't seem to be aware of this option , at least not here in sweden . 
  we have one group that are for nuclear power and one group against , and no group advocating a reform and a switch to a new fuel type , even though a decent percentage of the people seem to both know of and support such an idea . 
  i do n't like to call myself `` pro-nuclear '' because here the implication is that i support the current state of the industry , which i am wholeheartedly against . 
  we also get half our power from hydroelectric plants , so we have extra headroom compared to some other european countries and are an ideal candidate for heading such a reform . 
  i 'd wager most of these were originally built with plutonium production in mind , with the power generation as sort of a `` bonus '' . 
  i know that 's true for the ones in sweden , at least . 
  i am not afraid of power plants exploding , but the insanely long half life of the waste is very problematic , which is why all of these need to be shut down and replaced with molten salt reactors . 
  nuclear power is not a black and white issue . 
  nils horner though ... :'(, 
  it was mainly in regard to the caffeine in coke , which i 'm sure contributes to the addiction . 
  if you just want `` some flavour '' i suggest dropping some cucumber or lemon into your water . 
  i think cutting the fourth liter out altogether is better than drinking it in coke . 
  tea then ? 
  anything is better than a soft drink . 
  indeed , with the increasing automatisation of production , manual labour will be greatly reduced in the labour market and will mostly be limited to the home as well as voluntary work . 
  science and culture would have more room to operate freely in such a society , and people may seek a career they want instead of one that provides the most money . 
  i had a feeling you would have that outlook , mostly based on the last paragraph of your previous comment . 
   i agree with you for the most part . 
  i do think that a gradual country-by-country implementation is the only viable way , though , however difficult it may be . 
  people are naturally sceptical and will want to see it function elsewhere before implementing it themselves . 
  i think one greatly overlooked detail is the issue with incentive to work . 
  some people i have talked to think that people will `` give up '' working in favour of living completely off the basic income . 
  i believe the contrary : the incentive to work would actually be greater , because the benefits do n't disappear when you get a job . 
  the average worker would also need to work less hours , leading to more jobs available for more people . 
  it would also serve as a safety cushion for those whose line of work does n't provide a steady income , such as freelancers , artists and musicians . 
  i could n't disagree more . 
  a fixed value , say , 1000 $ could be 50 % of my income and 0.5 % of yours . 
  to me , the value of those 1000 $ is much greater than the value of the same amount in your hands . 
  they may be essential for my survival , and pocket change to you . 
  taxes should be based on percentage , because then the amount taken is always worth roughly the same to all participants , regardless of their financial situation . 
  what 's your stance on basic income ? 
  whoah , 1 liter coke * every day * ? 
  there 's your answer mate . 
  switch to coffee !, 
  i think you mean , reddit loves to * kilogram * stereotypes into people 's heads  ) ) ) ), 
  even by world standards reddit is right wing . 
  it 's only by us standards that reddit gets even remotely close to the left , and even then it 's mostly liberalism and not a lot of socialism . 
  should n't conservative and liberal switch places ? 
  even as an opposer of liberalism i can see that the jump to fascism is pretty far , ideology wise . 
  good point , i can agree with that . 
  how in the world is reddit left wing ?? 
  in my experience reddit is very right wing !, 
  you should really look inte different beer types , it 's really interesting and can help you pinpoint what types you like . 
  i 'll start you off : beer is usually divided into two categories , ale and lager , based on how they are fermented . 
  pils falls under the lager category while bier can apply to both . 
  ipa is india pale ale , which was made to stay fresh during shipping to india and thus has a pretty high alcohol content . 
  usually not impressive in taste imo . 
  apa is american pale ale and is usually a bit more balanced in taste . 
  dry hopping is adding more hops post fermentation , and brings out more freshness . 
  i like this . 
  stout , porter and brown ale are varying degrees of dark beer . 
  also nice , although perhaps an acquired taste . 
  a `` dark ipa '' is n't pale anymore , so perhaps it should be called ida instead ? 
  really ? 
  i 've yet to come across a spanish restaurant outside of spain , and other than paella and churros i ca n't really think of any famous spanish dishes . 
  eh whoops , forgot to add my flair !, 
  hhhehehe ... 
  to be fair , spanish food is n't exactly an example of good food either . 
  but yes , you 're pretty much right on . 
   that 's just not good enough . 
  i think this might be a key aspect of the scandinavian mentality . 
  it 's not enough to be better than everyone else , there is * always * room for improvement . 
  i realise this sounds elitist . 
  it kind of is . 
  but it 's also what keeps us going forward . 
  no sweden ? 
  we invented spotify and do n't even get a list ? 
  that explains it . 
  s\u00f6dermanland represent . 
  maybe it 's just my family , but we usually also eat various savoury pies , and lamb roast around easter . 
  rosemary and thyme on them both . 
  i thought this was common but you did n't mention it . 
  yeah but , better reporting in iraq would n't decrease the murder rate in america , only make the us look better by comparison . 
  keep in mind , the us is pretty active in organised crime compared to other first world countries , so while it 's not outright `` war-torn '' it 's still a place where murder is much more likely to occur . 
  these statistics do n't surprise me . 
   i guess ( hope ) that has something to do with a lack of reporting . 
  ehm , does this mean you hope more people are murdered than we know about ? 
  \u0ca0_\u0ca0 realistically you might be right , though . 
  and the murders might contribute to the lack of reporting , so it 's a never ending vicious circle . 
  i got all the ` stans except i mixed up uzbekistan and turkmenistan . 
  what got me my score of 69 is the fact that east timor , qatar , yemen and brunei all got about 15 clicks each , because all i know about them is `` they 're small '' . 
  curious that schnabel means beak . 
  in swedish , snabel means ( elephant 's ) trunk . 
  intentionally ambiguously worded , too . 
  it 's not asking about ttip , it 's asking about trade between the two continents in general . 
  seems the pro ttip side uses this method a lot , equating support for any treaty under any circumstances to support for ttip .
