   you 'd be surprised how much you can pick up when you 're constantly exposed to black-influenced points-of-view . 
  and you tend to notice more how much you benefit from white privilege , or are treated differently because of it , as well . 
  what the fuck do you know about racism when you have n't been let off on a warning or did n't get your car searched while the friends you grew up with are locked up on some pettier shit ? 
  do n't confuse my up-bringing & talk about my friends with your own pretentious ass pre-dispositions & biases . 
  you do n't know shit and your stereotypical bullshit proves it . 
  now go act like you understand this shit from a ocean away in one of the wealthiest countries in the world without ever having grown up with the people that faced it or been to the areas which historical racism has created . 
  jesus fuck you 're so pretentiously annoying . 
  lol, 
  ah , jesus man , it 's a informal conversation on the internet . 
  do n't be unbearable . 
  well , it does actually , even if it 's anecdotal & not a peer-reviewed paper . 
  well , they probably do n't , but everybody thinks their opinion means more than the other guy . 
  it 's human nature . 
  so i still , probably selfishly & pretentiously , think my random opinion has more credence than a number of other people in this context . 
  and eh , if i ca n't use sarcasm to be a ass in a argument , than i do n't want to argue anymore . 
  an since i like being a sarcastic asshole so much , i ` mma keep arguing anyway . 
  lol, 
  you 'd be surprised how much you can pick up when you 're constantly exposed to black-influenced points-of-view . 
  and you tend to notice more how much you benefit from white privilege , or are treated differently because of it , as well . 
  you might think race does n't matter , and between friends it really does n't , but the world just is n't your personal bubble . 
  you ca n't just take-away from the fact that being black is a large part of many people 's self-identity , or ignore that being white has in large part influenced your own self-identity , whether you like it or want it to or not . 
  and by * `` fuck off '' * i mean chill ... kinda ... also , i might be a bit reactionary . 
  but i 've also been lectured one-to-many times on race relations by white suburban kids from gated communities just because they listened to kendrick 's * to pimp a butterfly * once . 
  because i would wager it gives me a better perspective on race relations than otherwise in this context ? 
  same reason i pointed out that i 'm from the deep south and have actually been to , and fucked off in , the ghetto . 
  ah , it 's appreciated little cutie . 
   now flair up sweetie . 
  because that 's the only speech that is censored in germany , amirite guise ? 
  and yes , we do still have racism , racist groups & racist individuals . 
  but we 're not brushing their bullshit under the rug and pretending it does n't exist . 
  besides , as much as you might think you understand race relations here , i can almost gurantee you do n't really . 
  and this is coming from somebody who lives in the deep south , that has actually fucked off in the ghetto , and who grew up with around half my neighborhood & close-family friends being black . 
  but anyway , i guess you 're right . 
  there is no racism in germany , no racist groups in germany and no racist individuals in germany . 
  censoring them makes them non-existent , and any popularity or sympathy they had disappears completely . 
  like with anti-communists in eastern europe through-out the cold war . 
  it 's always good to brush a problem under the rug instead of confronting it directly . 
  lol, 
  well , to be fair , iirc , a lot of it was germany spying on it 's own citizens , and giving the data to us , in exchange for more advanced tech to spy on their own citizens better , so they could then trade it to us & other european countries for better deals on other things . 
  hell , i 'm pretty sure italy has a mass surveillance program itself . 
  i bet your own government is trading shit away to us , the french , the british & the germans for shit ... whether it be information , tech or some other type of concession ... ** edit : ** so , based on the down-votes , this is what we 're doing now ? 
  ignoring the independent mass surveillance programs and deep cooperation with each other when it comes to european nations ? 
  this is what happens when you have the type of hate speech laws you have . 
  it turns out that by censoring those people , it does n't make them stop existing or that line-of-thought from developing , and instead , when some of those people act on the bullshit , you no longer have any public groups to point at , mock & condemn . 
  if you do n't give these dumbasses a platform to express their bullshit through you rob yourself of a target to lampoon & criticize , in addition to never being able to truly gauge their popularity . 
  and now you 're stuck going after phantoms that you do n't really know much about while constantly repeating yourself . 
   prop up the petrodollar sham which is why european & chinese corporations got the vast , vast majority of all oil contracts in iraq ? 
  or why france & britain , who both have interests vested in the british pound & euro respectfully , pushed for & instigated the intervention in libya ? 
  underfund your military because you 're in nato 3 . 
  get all bitchy & shit about russia invading neighboring states 4 . 
  beg america to send reinforcements as a deterrent since you underfunded your military & russia is invading neighbors 5 . 
  criticize america on the size & reach of it 's military 6 . 
  profit no , but seriously , the world 's largest economy , largest financial market , largest commodities exchange , largest consumer market , largest oil producer , 2nd largest industrial base , holder of the most arable land , holder of the most cultivated land , holder of the largest gold reserves , third largest gold producer , home of the most billionaires , largest provider & receiver of direct foreign investment , largest science paper output , home of the most expansive infrastructure * ( trains , highways , airports , seaports & pipelines ) * will * totally * collapse if we stopped spending any money on the military & never involved ourselves in a war again . 
  you 're a genius . 
  the perfect adviser for either putin or kim . 
  the end is near and american influence will die a fast death , like when the british empire faded away or the soviet union disintegrated into itself . 
  i give us ... twenty years ... at tops ... before we 're as irrelevant as either of the above ... 
   libya well , we did n't really want to get involved in that ... it was you europeans who instigated it & then pushed us into it if you want to be honest about it ... plus the unsc signed off on it ... kinda ...  yemen in cooperation with & with the consent of said country 's sovereign government . 
   pakistan same as yemen , except for shit like osama , at which point i do n't care pakistan can suck a dick in that regard . 
  lol  iraq a genocidal authoritarian dictator who responded to protests with mass killings & invaded three of their neighboring allies , two of which were our allies ? 
  plus he tried to kill our former president ? 
  eh , do n't really give a fuck . 
  only really care about the stupid reason we went in on * ( should 've of just said we were invading him because he was an asshole ... fuck all that other embarrassing shit ) * , paul bremmer & bush okaying that stupid referendum which backed obama into a corner on leaving , allowing maliki to single-handily fuck up every relationship we established and burn every bridge we built after the surge & sunni awakening . 
   afghanistan a brutal authoritarian theocracy that committed numerous mass-killings and barbaric actions , while also being unrecongnized by damn near every country in the world , and whom protected , supported & encouraged a terrorist organization that carried out the worst terrorist attack in my country 's history , not to mention the uss cole or embassy bombings ? 
  have little fucks to give on this . 
  but i do find it a little odd you brought it up ... considering the unsc fully supported & authorized it ...  syria you did n't mention it , but i might as well . 
  we only brought the dick out to encourage assad , a authoritarian dictator who responds to peaceful protests with mass-killings , to forfeit all his chemical weapons , and then when we did start bombing , we only began bombing isis targets ... a authoritarian genocidal theocracy ... . and sure we arm & support moderate factions ... might as well ... assad & isis are both horrible fucking people ... so i do n't really see much wrong in trying to up our influence by supporting what may or may not be lesser evils depending on how things play out ... world 's fucked up , get used to it . 
  antwerp is one of europe 's largest ports , smack-down at the focal point of western europe , close to france , germany , britain & netherlands , which are in turn some of the region 's largest & most influential economies . 
  legal or illegal , that 's going to be one of the first places that imports from foreign countries are brought in through . 
  although i do wonder if the netherlands with rotterdam & germany with hamburg have similiar problems . 
  no , it 's not a disney movie , which is why bad precedents like that are horrible since it 's not always going to be * `` good guys '' * using them . 
  half the individuals you just linked were initially detained in * aghanistan or the border region of pakistan * , a warzone & active conflict zone . 
  and one of the other two was connected to the worst terrorist attack in american history , with the other one having been released and won a landmark court case against the united states . 
  i do n't know what you mean by * `` probably some of them '' * , lol , as that 's completely false . 
  out of the handful of cases you just cherry-picked , half of those still support what i was saying . 
  so , yes , to reiterate : ** damn near every single one of them , with the exception of a couple , were detained in a warzone or active conflict area . 
  and most of those few special cases was connected in someway to shit like 9/11 . 
  if they 're citizens , they have a right to return to their homeland . 
  and be tried for treason or other crimes committed in their time away there if necessary . 
  but it 's bad precedent to arbitrarily exile them or deny them a trial . 
  being able to arbitrarily strip people of citizenship is almost as bad a precedent as being able to hold them indefinitely without a trial . 
  eh , probably , but we were all pretty mad after osama slipped away . 
  the authoritarian genocidal dictator who invaded one of our allies and tried to kill our former president seemed like a good guy to vent on . 
  i do n't really care about the iraq war to be real . 
  i only have around three issues when it comes to that . 
  the bullshit pretenses we went in on , as we should 've just invaded because he was genocidal authoritarian dick , paul bremmer , as he was the most incompetent fucking administrator ever who fucked the occupation till about 2006-2007 , and that stupid referendum that bush okayed , as it pushed obama into a corner when it came to us staying & allowed maliki to fucking burn every bridge we built & destroy every foundation we established following 2006 with the sunni awakening & troop surge . 
  saddam is n't somebody i can lionize & his brutal regime just is n't something i can justify to be honest . 
  so i have little sympathy when it comes to invading his country to dethrone him . 
  eh , what are you gon na do ? 
  let them try again . 
  maybe it 'll stick next time . 
  until then , it 's wrong to kill them or hold them forever without a trial , even if they 're more than likely guilty & will probably go back to doing the same shit right after they 're released . 
  it 's just a bad precedent . 
  you have to prove treason beyond a reasonable doubt . 
  and when you do n't have enough evidence there 's no point in going to get them , because then you not only lose a possible intelligence source through surveillance , but also handed a propaganda victory to their group and vindicated dude 's claims of wrongful discrimination . 
  shit , we do n't even know what to do with the fuckers we catch in actual conflict areas & warzones directing the shit . 
  ca n't really hold them as pows since they 're non-uniformed & belong to illegitimate organizations that have used terrorist tactics , nobody else fucking wants them , it 's hard to prove beyond a reasonable doubt they 're actually guilty when dealing with chaotic conflict areas & foreign countries , we ca n't just kill them & we ca n't exactly hold them forever . 
  they 're still citizens or national residents in your territory . 
  they deserve a right to trial and reasonable cause for arrest or extended detainment . 
  it 'd be different if they traveled to a warzone and began plotting against your country or soldiers from there , and then were captured or killed * there * .
