   this set the stage for a moment that defined golda meir 's other legacy , her nuclear legacy . 
  supported by other members of her war cabinet -- notably the ministers israel galili and yigal allon -- she refused to concede to mr. dayan 's gloom and doom rhetoric . 
  her idea , instead , was to fly secretly to washington and , as henry kissinger later wrote , '' * for an hour plead with president nixon '' * . 
   mr. kissinger flatly rejected that idea , explaining such a rushed visit '' * could reflect only either hysteria or blackmail * '' . 
  ** by that time , american intelligence had signs that israel had put its jericho missiles , which could be fitted with nuclear warheads , on high alert ( * the israelis had done so in an easily detectible way , probably to sway the americans into preventive action * ) . 
  ** they rejected actually doing it , but continued to threaten it so as to try & goad us into action . 
   i thought you owed it to freedom ( c ) . 
  but seriously , its easy to talk tough when you have few neighbors who can harm you and a carte blance to genocide the natives . 
   i imagine if greece exterminated everyone in the balkans , and also if turkey did not exist , we 'd be talking tough about our `` hegemony '' as well . 
  did n't greece agree to deport all it 's muslims into turkey if turkey deported all it 's greeks into greece less than a century ago ? 
   and yes , i wager you would be talking tough about your own hegemony . 
  in fact , you once did , a very long time ago . 
  lol but now it 's easier to criticize us for it while american-powered nato prevents war between you & turkey . 
  other than all the dick-measuring on my part though , you bring up a lot of good & valid points . 
  eh , i might better compare it to american-irish people immigrating to northern ireland en masse & all throwing their support behind the ira . 
  oddly enough though ... i do n't think the ira & their supporters would 've been * nearly * as opposed to that as they are to israel ... 
  if iraq was imperialism , the iraqi government would n't of had a choice or oversight over giving out oil contracts , and the vast majority of them would 've went to us , not china , russia & europe . 
  lol we sure as fuck would 've put a better guy in power than maliki with his backing from his iranian militias . 
  i 'll half-agree on south & central america during the cold war . 
  but would argue that there 's a very big difference on helping a local dickhead get into power & being the local dickhead in power . 
  heh , did n't know about stalin really , but i knew about czechoslovakia , which given the relationship ... i should 've put 2 - & -2 together sooner ... instead of just mind blanking instead . 
  lol and i do n't think that was too crazy a idea on stalin 's part . 
  i bet our own foreign policy guys were a little worried too given the absolutely huge amount of soviet jews who were immigrating to israel combined with the full-blown socialist policies & programs the israeli government was implementing at the time . 
  in retrospect , without the hindsight , one could almost argue that israel * should 've * went to the soviet sphere instead of ours based on all that alone ... 
  i 'll accept it when you accept that sweden & fucking switzerland are imperialist countries by this definition . 
  lol, 
  you implied that , * historically * , they always cared about the united states & pretty much only the united states . 
  i pointed out that , no , in fact , they owe their existence to europeans as evidenced by the british mandate & decades of strong european support , have backed europeans against us as evidenced by the suez canal , opposed us directly as evidenced by their nuclear program , and our bilateral relationship only began to get on track after a by-chance spur-of-the a moment decision by us following israel basically begging us for help after all else & allies failed ... . . and kinda half-black mailing us by letting our intelligence pick-up on them ordering nuclear preparations on unsecured comms they likely knew we were monitoring ... 
   likud , the current ruling party , is a conservative nationalist party . 
  yeah , so what ? 
  are canadian conservatives & british tories the same as american republicans ? 
  lol israel was more left than canada & a number of european nations for decades . 
  they were , like i said earlier , quite literally run by commnist-lite . 
  do you think likkud has erased all the social & policy foundations , the imprint all those before them left , over the time they 've been in power ? 
  did harper ? 
   please note `` generally '' - europe is n't one homogenous entity . 
  you referred to it in that sense first & unlike you i actually named nations . 
  lol and i pointed out that pretty much all the serious & important european military players have a strong military relationship with israel ... so ... what 's your counter-point ? 
    in addition , israel also exports military tech , especially drones , to a bunch of european nations . 
   great ? 
  in reference to the above point i was making in response to yours ... yeah ... kinda in the context of my argument . .   oh , and actually , the eu is israel 's largest trading partner with a number of trade agreements underpinning that , not to mention israel being the most developed & one of the most secure countries in it 's region , making it one of the safest & most stable regional markets for european & canadian investors , not to mention probably have the wealthiest customers for exports per capita in the region . 
   again , you 're comparing two countries to a continent . 
  there are some brilliant israel allies and trading partners in europe , and some who want nothing to do with the state . 
  no , i was n't comparing it to a continent , i was comparing it to the european union , which is a supranational entity that is united around economic policy in this specific regard . 
    first off , israel & palestine are both children of colonialism 's legacy . 
  lol the first thing europeans & european states should be reminded of when looking at both is the mess they left , not which side to root for . 
   arguments are regularly made that israeli actions in palestine are `` colonialism/imperialism '' - that is what is being discussed . 
    america also does n't owe it 's power to imperialism . 
  quite the opposite actually . 
  we owe it to hegemony . 
  which we only achieved by deconstructing imperialism . 
  if it was n't this way , we 'd be living in a very different world right now . 
   you are aware that the united states was a colonial power , correct ? 
  from african puppets like liberia to outright control over cuba and the philippines , america began its journey to a world power as a colonial imperialist . 
  yes , but that solidifies my point . 
  we did n't become the strongest guy in the room until we granted independence to , lost control of or were revolted against by all of our former colonies . 
  our influence & strength is not rooted in or derived from imperialism , and it has n't been for a very long time . 
  which is my point in context of your accusations about the present-day . 
   not only that , maintaining american interests at the expense of everything else is one of the reasons they were able to become the world 's only superpower . 
  america 's influence and power became much greater when they left isolationism behind and headed down this path . 
  yes , and we did n't need colonies & imperialism for that , as we began to discover by the mid-20th century . 
  we could just do it by having the biggest dick in the room after europe turned itself to rubble , china decided to impoverish itself for damn close to half-a-century & the soviet union began scaring the shit out of a bunch of nations . 
    we 're not a small nation . 
  we 're a big & wealthy one . 
  we never needed colonialism like european nations did to flex . 
  and if we did adapt it , we sure as fuck would n't be facing a multipolar world today for better or for worse . 
   except for the fact that the united states did `` flex '' by taking large amounts of territory in the americas , asia , and even africa . 
  territories which benefited them greatly - such as panama and cuba . 
  at the turn of the 20th century . 
  by the mid-20th century most of that was already history & we began to get rid of it 's past vestiges . 
  by the time we were leading the western world in the late 20th century & the world 's sole superpower at the turn of the 21st century , we were & are not a imperialist country . 
  hence my point in the context of you saying that all the influence & power we have now is based on present-day imperialism . 
  lol   this is so annoying though . 
  `` imperialism '' should n't be used as a catch-all word for any & all influence jockeying in foreign policy . 
  that 's just power politics . 
  it 's sooo fucking retarded how edgy neckbeards & college liberal hipsters have basically subverted this shit with emotionally-charged & misleading buzzwords . 
   imperialism is * literally * defined as extending a country 's influence through diplomacy or force . 
  that 's * literally * what the term means . 
  no , that 's actually called foreign policy , and it 's practiced by every country everywhere in the world . 
   another factor is the northern irish issue that helps generate a lot of empathy . 
  it 's not really the same though , is it ? 
  it 'd be more akin to if britain withdrew from ireland completely , the north & south had a civil war which the south won , and then protestants in northern ireland kept having their self-determination stepped on by those who demanded a united irish homeland with no exceptions . 
  well ... i guess ... if you look at how the ira treated some protestant civilians ... it 's a little of the same ... 
  europe is slightly further to the political left than canada , and significantly further than the united states ( of course we 're speaking generally here , there are plenty of conservative european states ) . 
  generally speaking the people more in favour of internationalism are going to support the palestinian side . 
  israel was basically run by communist-lite for most of it 's history and even * today * is probably more to the left than canada & a number of european nations in general , not to mention likely being the most internationally friendly place in the middle east . 
  israel is one of the united states ' military allies , a fairly large trading partner , and generally the two support one another diplomatically . 
  the same ca n't be said for many european states . 
  except for britain & france , going all the way back to the suez canal crisis & which survives to this day , germany , who has supplied israel with a fuckton of hardware , and , both italy & greece , with their huge amount of naval/air cooperation with israel . 
  in addition , israel also exports military tech , especially drones , to a bunch of european nations . 
  oh , and actually , the eu is israel 's largest trading partner with a number of trade agreements underpinning that , not to mention israel being the most developed & one of the most secure countries in it 's region , making it one of the safest & most stable regional markets for european & canadian investors , not to mention probably have the wealthiest customers for exports per capita in the region . 
  many europeans and european states view israel 's existence and occupation of palestine as a legacy of imperialism/colonialism . 
  many people do n't like imperialism and colonialism . 
  by the same thread , countries like canada and the united states owe their existence to imperialism and colonialism . 
  canada still maintains very good relations with the united kingdom , the nation which held dominion over them initially . 
  the united states owes it 's power to imperialism . 
  first off , israel & palestine are both children of colonialism 's legacy . 
  lol the first thing europeans & european states should be reminded of when looking at both is the mess they left , not which side to root for . 
  second off , america is basically the one who forced europe to de-colonize whether they liked it or not , from our agreements with the british empire during 40s , our response to the suez canal crisis during the 50s & side-stepping europeans with their colonies to either back shit like pro-west/anti-communist nationalists during the 60s . 
  america also does n't owe it 's power to imperialism .
