  hillary could 've ran a better campaign , but if the average american is stupid fucking enough & not caring enough about this country to let trump win , either by voting for him or not showing up for her , than that 's not her fault , that 's ours . 
  if we can only vote when we become adults & if we dislike being lectured like children , than we damn well better be ready to accept responsbility like adults when push comes to shove . 
  she called some of them deplorable because : * donald trump said a federal judge did n't have the right to preside over him because of the judge 's race * donald trump said he would create a tracked database of innocent american citizens because they 're muslim * donald trump implied that the election was n't legitmate & he would arrest his opponent * donald trump openly supported torture that 's not a different political view , that 's fucking tyranny . 
  and irresponsible people like you decided to do what , throw him like a molotov cocktail at d.c. , praying our checks & balances would contain him ? 
  go fuck yourself . 
  fuck bernie 's dumbass wanna-be commie ass too & i did n't like hillary the robot to begin with , but at least i 'm not a piece of shit who 's willing to betray & cripple his own country . 
  and for what ? 
  a dumbass authoritarian personality cult based around a reality tv star ? 
  that 's what you were willing to risk so much for ? 
  people 's love for this country * is that fucking cheap * ? 
  may everybody who voted for that man rot for as long as he is president . 
   yet , the left used to understand that binding together with liberals , even neoliberals against the fascist , racist ultra right was our absolute duty . 
  and tbf , if you voted for a man who supported torture , questioned the very legitamacy of the election , made comments about creating a database of american muslims & said a federal judge did n't have the right to preside over him because of his race , who recieved help from & praised a foreign state for sabotaging his political opponent in a domestic election , than you are a deplorable piece of shit & as un-american as you can get , for you support tyranny for no other reason but spite , and history will remember that even if you coviently forget about it after 4-8 years . 
  tbf , bismark was saying basically the same thing more than a century ago :  * i am firmly convinced that spain is the strongest country of the world . 
  century after century trying to destroy herself and still no success . 
  and just like that , western europe 's dream of becoming a socialist utopia was crushed by filthy american capitalists . 
   yet , the left used to understand that binding together with liberals , even neoliberals against the fascist , racist ultra right was our absolute duty . 
  ^ but ^ her ^ e-mails, 
  it used to be worse before ukraine believe it or not . 
  you 're not a word . 
   sterotype not really . 
  from what i 've seen , all openly & widely celebrated expressions of modern-day german patriotism are confined to car companies & soccer matches . 
  all other accepted manifestations tend to be expressed through passive aggressive superiority complexec & anti-americanism . 
  france never left nato , only the integrated command structure . 
  they would still be obligated to uphold article v , only independently & not under direct nato command . 
  do n't forget the corporate patriotism which totally is n't patriotism because patriotism is bad & unforgivable . 
  thats why stronk home-grown ubermensch engineering always trumps inferior foreign untermensch engineering . 
  and why america is totes just picking on the poor volk out of jealousy , using emissions as a scapegoat , and why tesla is just complete shit & should not be allowed in europe at all . 
  which used to be a sure thing until that same 2009-2016 period , and now america is about equal to a hair with the eu despite having a smaller population , which is impressive as shit really when you look at where both economies were respectfully just a decade ago . 
  not that it matters once brexit goes through , that 's going to send the eu a good bit back behind america anyway . 
  sorry mate . 
  lol, 
  it 's overvalued for everybody south of germany , which when combined with both austerity & a lack of fiscal tranfers , has produced a result of a german-led northern europe sucking the south dry . 
  i could , but does it flow as good ? 
  nah , it does n't . 
  i 'm a pioneer of linguistic evolution . 
  like people who call sweden 's free-market based & corporate driven economy a socialist system . 
  we just change definitions & shit until it fits our narrative now-a-days . 
   he said about a article bragging about the eu outgrowing america for the first time in almost a decade , that is at the top of / r/europe , and is full of highly-upvoted comments shit-talking america & circlejerking the eu, 
  it 's amusing because germany is the closest to america as a whole when comparing economic performance since the great recession . 
  meanwhile the rest of the continent has suffered , in no small part thanks to german-led austerity & a artificially overvalued euro , which , surprise surprise , have both benefitted germany greatly at the expense of most others , especially the south . 
  it 's easy for you to lecture from a pedestal in that context . 
  so ... the united states had a world-class recovery compared to the eu & is now even healthy enough to start raising interest rates while the ecb is still discussing the possibility of negative interest rates ... . . and that 's a bad thing & obama was shit for it ? 
  lol execuse my ignorance if i 'm completly okay with that type of economic performance . 
  ... i do n't think i ever brought up russia or turkey ... 
  you 're kinda right , but not conpletely . 
  in absolute terms , it still gives a edge to the most populated states because electors still match to house reps , where states like california & new york dominate . 
  but it just balances it out a little for smaller populated states , by affording each one a rep & restricting every state to 2 senators , thus guranteeing every state 3 electors no matter how small they are . 
  so ussually , even if the majority of states go for one guy , than a smaller number of more populated states can still overrule them . 
  but this time it was a little different , because even though i hate trump , there was a utterly massive rural-urban divide this election & the vast majority of states went red because of it , overruling even the most populated states , hence the result . 
  i kinda prefer it though . 
  i 'd rather these trump supporters have the reigns for a couple years & fuck up royally , even if it costs us all , just so the division under the surface on the right does n't simmer without a release . 
  so in that regard , i actually think the system worked . 
  my fault , thought we were discussing the eu as a whole . 
  in that case , my point on greece still stands . 
  yeah , but we only got him for 4-8 years . 
  you 've lost britain for good . 
  and hell , plus , we 'll probably be done with trump before you 're done with the greek debt clusterfuck & it 's ever-present destabilizing effect on the euro . 
  no , it 's very confusing to european minds if you have n't been paying attention . 
  lol the average american understands the electoral college & president 's office , but the average european would be hard-pressed to explain the complex nature of the eu executive branch , let alone juncker 's position in it or his rise to office . 
  but by all means , please , keep sweeping every issue under the rug & deflecting even the tinniest bits of criticism . 
  fresh out the great recession with no buffer yet established , unemployment still relatively high & interest rates still far from being raised ? 
  lol, 
  sure , but few countries have made it a foundation of their economy like luxembourg has . 
  lol it 's like more tax haven than nation now dude . 
  i mean , notice how the man is going after highly transparant & openly enacted tax deals in ireland for american tech companies * ( the one major industry the eu ca n't serously compete with america in ) * , but does n't seem to give a damn as greek , spanish , portugese & italian companies/individuals evade taxes to stuff luxembourg 's pockets , all while their respective countries financially choke from austerity ? 
  and you 're right , juncker is no trump . 
  most people know & comprehend how trump was elected . 
  juncker just showed up one day , fuck if most people know how . 
  lol, 
  tbf , you appointed the prime minister of luxembourg to crack down on tax evasion . 
  america did n't begin to raise interest rates until after about 7 yeara of good growth & about 4 years after they had already recovered app the ground they lost during the great recession . 
  the eu only just recovered all the ground it lost last year & only just now broke a cycle of stagnant growth , so who knows . 
  plus the fed is now hiking up interest rates , which would help slow down growth in any country . 
  the eu parliament did the same thing with google by threatening to break them up . 
  lol they could n't do it , but fuck did it create a headache for the council & commission in regards to u.s. relations . 
  they 're like the reverse trump really . 
  trump creates a mess for the legislature to clean up , while they create a mess for the executive branch to clean up . 
  the united states reclaimed all the ground it lost from the recession around 2012 & outgrew the eu from about 2009 to 2016 . 
  the eu finally recovered all the ground it lost from the recession * last year * after a double-dip recession & years of stagnant growth . 
  calm down dude . 
  lol plus , american growth was projected to slow down irregardless thanks to interest rate hikes . 
  the eu is now where america was 4-5 years ago . 
  switzerland is neutral , not allied . 
  it 's why they 're not in either nato or the eu , and why it took them until the turn of the millenium to join the un . 
  even if they were n't , doing so still creates division by ostrasizing the center & paralyzing policy . 
  it 's why you had michael flynn & jill stein in moscow sitting at the table as putin for a rt gala . 
  goes back to soviet times . 
  they did the same during the civil rights movement here , pushing white nationalist propaganda & supporting black nationalist groups while turning on mlk & trying to discredit him as a * `` uncle tom '' * once they saw he was compromising with the establishment & forging non-violent change while preserving domestic peace & stability , and do n't get me wrong , i actually support malcom x & the black panthers for exercising their 2nd ammendment rights & showing white america what the alternative would be if they did n't get on-board with mlk , but boy would this country have been fucked if russia got what it wanted , mlk fell out as the civil rights movement 's leading figure & those aforementioned groups came to dominate it instead . 
  nah , irish-american civil war veterans invaded canada after the war . 
  lol [ ** fenian raids ** ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/fenian_raids )  between 1866 and 1871 , the fenian raids of the fenian brotherhood , an irish republican organization based in the united states , on british army forts , customs posts and other targets in canada , were fought to bring pressure on britain to withdraw from ireland . 
  the american government cracked down on them eventually , but also kinda turned a blind eye at first too , given that we were still pretty salty about british & canadian aid to the confederacy . 
  i 'm cool with that . 
  personally i want americans to let go of their ancesteral roots & double-down on their american identity as opposed to the current sterotype . 
  and , yeah , plastic paddies are pretty annoying too , especially after all the shit they 've dragged us into . 
  first they invade canada for ireland , then they fund & arm a revolution for ireland , then they fund & arm a insurgency for ireland , then they push for the president to help end said insurgency for ireland , and now they 've flooded ireland with tourist money & corporate investment . 
  and what did we get out of it ? 
  nothing . 
  ireland hates us yo . 
  lol and because of plastic patties , the president of a world superpower now has to attend a one-on-one meeting every year with the leader of some small-ass neutral island across the ocean .
