  my grandfather lived through the great depression , had his troop ship sank by a u-boat , stormed the beaches on d-day & was wounded in battle afterwards . 
  ** but what the fuck do i know about living through a depression or experiencing war ? 
  ** so , yes , explain to me how you understand what it 's like to be invaded & occupied because your grand father went through it , while ignoring the fact that all you 've known has been a peaceful , first-world developed nation . 
  just go to / r/worldnews , or / r/news , or / r/todayilearned , or / r/politics , or even here , and i believe my point will stand . 
  there are more ways . 
  but you ca n't denigrate those who did resist oppression with force , nor imply that it would n't of mattered if they were n't better armed . 
  nor am i going to brush under the rug & ignore those jewish resistance fighters who did fight . 
  yes , they 're greatest act of resistance was simply living , but the ones who fought were n't wrong , in fact , i think they should be remembered & supported . 
  not told what they did did n't matter . 
  how so ? 
  how old is he ? 
  you experienced that did you ? 
  you can lecture me on that because you lived through it & understand what it 's like to go through , huh ? 
  lol, 
  do you have the facts to present ? 
  lol, 
  yes , of course there 's more you can do . 
  and when was the last time * you * had a enemy on your soil or experienced a occupation ? 
  when was the last time you had to choose how your were ging to resist ? 
  i 'm not saying that you 're a coward or something if you do n't fight , but i 'm saying you should n't hate on the people * that do fight * , and you * definitely * should n't imply that it does n't matter if they be less armed or not , because i have a feeling that matters a lot more than you think it does . 
  oh , really , and you do understand it ? 
  when was the last time * you * were experienced a invasion , occupation & was faced with that type of choice ? 
  you never see this type of staunchly upvoted touchiness & reactionary insults when a european criticizes america . 
  hell , i even encourage it & enjoy the conversations that come out of it . 
  i have n't seen anybody get really upvoted in any of the main subs either when they insult a foreigner & tell them to stay out of it , in fact , i see the complete opposite . 
  but when the shoe is on the other foot ... meh ... different strokes i guess . 
  so , the french resistance did n't really matter and it would 've been a good thing if they were n't better armed in this context ? 
  and can i get some statistics that show the number of guns , per capita , in france being comparable to the united states during this time period ? 
  because forgive me if i have my doubts . 
  so are you implying that the people who did resist , should n't have resisted against a conquering genocidal regime that ruled with a authoritarian iron ? 
  that they should n't of been better armed if provided the opportunity ? 
  i do n't understand your point . 
  i mean , if the whole-sale genocide of the netherland 's jewish , slavic , homosexual & roma citizens does n't motivate you in supporting a better armed resistance , and the retaliatory & indiscriminate mass-killing of more dutch citizens does n't either , than shit , there 's nothing i can say to you . 
  it 's private property . 
  you can start your own internet message board if you like & moderate it as you like . 
  but you ca n't * ( realistically ) * start your own government . 
  might 've made that nazi occupation a little bit more difficult though . 
  you know , more resources having to be diverted , harder time rounding up jews , less wealth being siphoned off , etc. 
  although , on a more personal note , i do n't think the civil rights movement would 've of been nearly as successful if white america did n't have the black panthers & malcom x , armed to the teeth and willing to fight for their rights if necessary , as a alternative to martin luther king that kind of thing tends to be a very real & pressing motivational factor for peaceful & non-violent compromise when it comes to oppression of the citizenry . 
  also , it 's not coincidence that a huge part of jim crow was aimed at keeping guns out of the hands of blacks , or that open-carry in california was only outlawed after the panthers starting patrolling their neighborhoods with them to ward off racist-ass oppressive cops . 
  who the fuck said censorship caused * the troubles * ? 
  lol excuse me if i 'm wrong , but i was under the impression that things were a little more complicated than that . 
  i was just pointing out how , as a tool , it backfired & gave some legitimacy to the ira , thus potentially dragging out the conflict even more & exacerbating it . 
  not that it created it . 
  and hitler did n't come to power with free speech . 
  he came to power by using a fire to snuff it out for everybody else . 
  nor have i defended stalking & personal harassment . 
  damn man , when you bullshit , at least bullshit right instead of a long-winded emotional rants that completely skates over all the counter-points and shit . 
  who 's being censored ? 
  i looked upon this as a gentleman 's agreement my friend . 
  i do n't bring up your country 's history & the result of it 's policies when it 's extremely relevant to not only the discussion at hand , but the region the discussion is centered on , and i expect you to do the same for my country & discussions centered on north america . 
  fair ? 
  alright , cool , cool . 
  if i ca n't talk about your country 's history , especially when it 's * extremely * relevant to the situation at hand , than i wo n't . 
  i just hope you return the favor when talking about american issues , history & politics . 
  which might be unfortunate , as it could actually kill the majority of discussion here about my country , but still , a good little personal regulation on speech to have none-the-less . 
   how so ? 
  people tend to sympathize with individuals being randomly attacked , oppose assholes & recognize stupidity . 
   that 's even less likely . 
  that 's ... rather odd ... because history speaks for itself in this regard ... lol, 
  i believe i should n't be allowed to be called a cunt . 
  it 's sexist , demeaning & emotionally damaging for me . 
  i think anybody who uses such a term in a flagrant manner should have charges brought against them . 
   the game has changed . 
  yeah , radically . 
  remember how well restricting the freedom of speech worked during * the troubles * ? 
  because that totally did n't backfire with negative repercussions . 
  but what am i talking about . 
  the game has changed . 
  like you said . 
  you ca n't just brush shit under the rug & pretend that those people do n't exist , nor can you control what somebody 's saying if it does n't pose a direct danger * ( like screaming fire in a small , crowded movie theater ) * . 
  in addition , it 's just kinda like ... a fundamental human right to be able * to just say shit * & not have the government come down in full-force on your head . 
  plus , i do n't think so many people would 've been so supportive of gay rights if they did n't have the westboro church sprouting their shit , and i do n't think so many people would 've backed the civil rights movement if the virulent racism that it opposed was n't broadcasted across the country for everybody to hear . 
  and it 's just a slippery slop . 
  one second it 's a extremist fringe group you 're shutting up , than it 's the overall movement that group was apart of , and then it 's the entire political wing that movement was apart of . 
  look how turkey is scapegoating pkk to go after hdp & other kurdish groups , or how hitler used the reichstag fire to go after the communists . 
  the westboro church has probably done more for gay rights than many gay pride parades could ever hope too . 
  and i 'll be damned if the racist & demeaning bullshit broadcasted from the south did n't have the same type of effect during the civil rights period . 
  you ca n't just brush everything under the rug & pretend it does n't exist . 
  shit does n't work like that . 
  let people vent & express their bullshit . 
  make fun of them , ignore them or oppose them . 
  and then move on with your life . 
  plus , i mean , honestly , i 'm more afraid of the slippery slope of * less * freedom of speech than the slippery slope of * more * freedom of speech . 
  well we 've never had real freedom , liberty or democracy either by that standard . 
  you understand the intention & implication , do n't be a ass . 
  being pedantic & contrived does n't make you clever , it just makes you really , really annoying because the absolutes you are stating are obvious . 
  perhaps . 
  but i guess it 's just a personal thing . 
  i will always like big booty , redbone girls that have a estimated networth of $ 60 million . 
  [ this ] ( http://cdn.evilbeetgossip.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/nicki-minaj-500x500.jpg ) was it your girl she dropped the booty on ? 
  it 's okay , we 're in a safe place here , we can talk about it . 
  true ... . . did ... did nikki put that booty down on your man then ? 
  is that what happened here ? 
  that 's ... just regional styling , where the sound & vibe originated from . 
  it 's not meant to be a superiority thing any more than describing a specific type of wine from france by it 's region would be , or a regional styling of food from italy would be , or when describing something like a finnish-styled sauna treatment . 
  i mean , i love grime , and that automatically means the uk rap scene , like g-funk does for the west coast or boom bap does for the east coast , but when i say * `` uk grime '' * i 'm not saying the british are superior to me ... get it ? 
  like ... are you retarded ? 
  lol this ... this is not a complicated subject . 
  it 's rather clear-cut .
