  please call off the acad\u00e9mie fran\u00e7aise police . 
  there 's two of them outside my house right now & they look very french . 
  netflix has hbo money now , they can make it work . 
  shit , marco polo , even though it was meh for me , was really well done visually & special effects wise . 
  sweet , they got the guys who worked on * the expanse * for it . 
  i did n't see season 2 yet , but season 1 was great despite only being on a syfy budget . 
   i ca n't imagine it being a non-english series . 
  hell nah , netflix is aiming for that got money yo . 
  lol, 
  reunion ? 
  tbf , the bankers would probably have no problem building taller buildings for their offices & loaning out money for taller apartment construction , but ... you know ... nimbys are a world-wide thing ... 
  in reality what they 're really likely responding to is state-owned chinese companies buying up eu infastructure & companies in strategic sectors , but at the same time preventing the eu from accessing their market & aquiring their companies . 
  did romania like state capitalism & soviet influence ? 
  because that 's what you 're getting here . 
  you 're already bound to us thanks to us helping re-build , prop up & protect the growth of your liberal democracies with their free market-based economies . 
  which we then only furthur helped cement by moving to help push you into the neoliberal construct we know today as the eu . 
  we 're natural allies now whether you like it or not , and that 's not going to just disappear overnight with trump no matter how desperate you are for it * ( and i know this because schroeder already failed with his putin love attempt ) * . 
  so the only question now is whether we take that natural alliance to undermine & subsume the influence of illiberal authoritarians with their state capitalism , i.e. 
  russia & china , or whether we piss away more than half-a-century of geopolitical grand strategy by letting them undermine & divide us instead . 
  but anyway , give up your bullshit romek . 
  you 're on here everyday with your anti-american , pro-russian spiel . 
  your utopia died when the wall came down in the early 90s & the east spent the next decade fully cementing itself into the american-allied west . 
  ukraine should 've been the coffin nail for your delusion . 
  i do n't know what could 've sent a clearer message that there will be no trading in of america for re-alignment with russia at anytime in the foreseeable future . 
  i mean damn , ai n't nothing more annoying than a self-hating east german pissed at how the world turned out & desperate to reverse the last generation of history . 
  lol have n't i seen you critisizing israel despite israel using that same type of retarded logic to justify everything they do ? 
  chinese state-controlled companies are buying up eu infastructure & businesses in strategic industries , while at the same time restricting eu companies ' access to their market & aquisition of their companies . 
  smart really . 
  but people cried wolf so much with america that they do n't even notice now when it 's actually for real . 
  lol, 
   force china lol the ttp & ttip were supposed to be the foundation for that , what with the eu , us & their pacific allies forming a common front around western standards & free market economics . 
  european & american populists on both the left & right just wiped their ass with both , much to russia & china 's amusement . 
  so , just for context , the west is in a even weaker position to force china to do * anything * than it was a year ago , and they were n't strong enough to do it a year ago either . 
  because they 're state capitalists at heart . 
  you know , * `` socialism with chinese characteristics '' * . 
  they want capitalist prosperity , but on their terms & nobody else 's . 
  hence why they demand access to foreign markets & buy up foreign companies with their state companies , but restrict access to their market & prevent foreign aquisition of chinese companies . 
  the chinese economy can be described at it 's core as being state-owned corporations complimented by private chinese corporations owned by communist party princelings * ( aka basically state-owned still since the comminist party is more or less a mafia with a country attached ) * . 
  it 's dead in the water & you know it . 
  welcome to the new world . 
  the us helped create the eu & your movement helped destroy the us . 
  thanks for returning the favor . 
  trump just wiped his ass with the tpp & is on the verge of imploding nafta . 
  lol, 
  well my apologies , but i was replying to something that basically boiled down to * `` corporate coup !, 
  multinational enslavement imminent !, 
  is n't that why isds is handled judicially ? 
  is the eu a un-democratic institution because it has isds between member-states , and in all the ftas it 's signed & negotiated ? 
  welp , i wan na say that i 'm suprised by far-left idealism translating into real-word disaster , but i 'm not . 
  i wan na say that i 'm surprised by your populist movement being co-opted by far-right nationalists & authoritarians , but i 'm not . 
  you people have literally learned nothing over the last century . 
  lol you 're insane . 
  no , seriously , because you just keep doing the same shit over & over again , but still expect a different result each time . 
  trump killed the ttip & is now moving america away from deeper ties with the eu . 
  the anti-ttip movement got the protectionist populist that they called for & the strained eu-us ties that they desired . 
  thanks yuh fucking geniuses . 
  lol, 
  do n't all systems come down to a two-party system at the end of the day ? 
  lol that 's just game theory dude . 
  i mean , what 's the difference between a american party & a european coalition ? 
  especially when you remember that america is a individual-based , not a party-based , system where party whips & party lists are basically neutered in comparison . 
  i mean , for somebody who seems so informed about american politics , has the array of different factions in each party & flare-ups of ideological in-fighting not caught your attention ? 
  not to mention , unlike germany , there is a very clear seperation of powers here . 
  there is no executive chacellor put in power by congress with all the party politics to underpin her authority & to force legislation through . 
  it is not odd or strange for both houses of congress to oppose the president on legislation , even if they are of his own party . 
  hell , it 's not or strange for both houses to be controlled by the party opposing the president . 
  and hypothetically , would n't a german judge be more vunerable to corruption & being partial if he wanted to work in the public or private sector past 52 or did n't want to retire at 68 ? 
  and does n't that system you described undermine much of the checks & balances the supreme court here holds over ths executive & legislative too ? 
  you can shit on america all you want dude , but this system has held strong , survived & been continously tested for centuries , from a small coastal republic to a continent-spanning superpower , from economic depressions to social transformations . 
  there 's a reason we 're the second or third continously operating government in the world , still as stable as ever . 
  and yet it was a conservative-leaning supreme court which upheld obamacare & basically legalized gay marriage . 
  i 've seen no better defense against judicial corruption & no better incentive for judicial impartiality than a life appointment . 
  and like i said . 
  they 're not robots , they 're still people . 
  you ca n't purge people of biases , only recongnize & acknowledge them . 
  an i ca n't really think of a better check & balance for judicial appointment than having one branch appoint them & another branch approve them when there are only 3 branches . 
  scotus upheld obamacare & basically legalized gay marriage . 
  they 're appointed for life , still have to be dragged though the senate 's confirmation process , ca n't be removed unless through impeachment & are still legal experts . 
  bitch about their outlooks , but even the dissents are logically & professionally constructed , even if you disagree with the worldview of the judge writing them . 
  i mean ... what would you suggest ? 
  that the judiciary appoint itself ? 
  lol it 's ** government ** checks & balances , not just executive or legislative . 
  the president appointing & congress confirming is just as much a check & balance for the judiciary as it is for the legislature & executive . 
  and ... can * anybody * with a striaght face seriously tell me they do n't have biases or political leanings ? 
  because if they do , they 're lying or a robot , and i 'd prefer neither on the supreme court . 
  it 's because the president & congress are a check on the judiciary like the judiciary is a check on the president & congress . 
  you know ... balance & all that ... 
  the oppotunity will always exist . 
  utopias do n't exist in reality . 
  it 's not ? 
  stfu uk & go lose another region or two . 
  lol idgaf about toleration or love , and i 'm not the one who killed it either . 
  for the past year i 've watched as a moderate as both the far left & far right controlled the narrative & completly shit on my side . 
  i played the stupid coalition building shit during the election . 
  an now it 's over , and after i was constantly attacked by bernie supporters for even trying & it failed , so i give up on that shit . 
  the far right & far left have poisioned this country by naming every little thing in their way as illegitamate * ( even the god damn election themselves ) * , every move towards moderation as betrayal & every suggestion of compromise to be sabotage by shills . 
  ** and yes , that is fucking deplorable . 
  ** keep trying to pin this shit elsewhere , but the fact of the matter is both bernie & trump played off each other , and they buried the fucking rest of us with their dangerous game of personality cults & revolutionary delusion . 
  and the voters knew that , and the voters still put that orange fuck in office . 
  responsbility falls on the voter at the end of the day .
