  great ` feminist ' government you got there sweden, 
  manor ? 
  that 's a fudging castle lol, 
  liberals like to tolerate every freedom b but freedom of thought, 
  relevant username, 
  micronia, 
  softulism ... make cuddling great again !, 
  edit : https://www.reddit.com/r/conlangs/comments/5f8rzw/a_serious_emoji_conlang/?utm_content=comments&amp;utm_medium=browse&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=conlangs, 
  you mean friendship windmills ? 
  softulist ? 
  cornwall is pretty nice but uhh ... 
  the weather here is pretty shocking . 
  caseless n stronk !, 
  why is your communist party fairly popular ? 
  you mean like merkel ? 
  ayyy, 
  save some for me !, 
  what caused hollonde to become so disliked ? 
  marie le pen or my little pony ? 
  and i do n't know what she likes , but i imagine she would take a similar stance to trump but much more collectivist in terms of social benefits and stuff . 
  has n't marie done a lot to try and ` devichyfy ' her party ? 
  she even kicked out her dad for his antisemitism . 
  protectionism does not always equal socialist . 
  trump still adores private enterprise ... assuming it 's american . 
  says the commie ? 
  le pen strikes me as a uhh , national socialist, 
  so blairite or further right ? 
  i mean , freedom of movement was probably the biggest reason people voted leave ( even if they claim their sovereignty is more important ) but it still sucks to hear it even know we knew it was going to happen, 
  i 've never seen it before :(, 
  is macron considered the populist of the centre ? 
  i havent followed much of the candidates recently . 
  when the kids are as young as 13 , yes . 
  oh it was definitely a smear campaign . 
  does n't make it any less true unfortunately . 
  i actually found him rather entertaining . 
  emigrant and expat seems to be an interchangeable term here . 
   fails politically coming from absolutely no where with the majority of the mainstream media against him and then winning the brexit vote does n't seem like a failure m8, 
  he was outed as a paedophile sympathiser . 
  he was sexually molested as a kid too , but it 's not exactly an excuse to be pro kiddie-fiddling . 
  i thought you guys wanted into nordic ? 
  i always assumed that expats were brits that left the uk named by people who still live in the uk . 
  immigrant brits would be called that by the natives of the country the brit in question moved to . 
  so a brit living in spain would be called a british immigrant by spaniards , but would be called a british expatriot in spain by brits in the uk . 
  sounds good . 
  everytime i want to go to aus/nz i 'm reminded you 're the otherside of the globe currently :(, 
  i love your flair mr. faroe, 
  can you two just agree to disagree that brexit was a mixture of a lot of reasons ? 
  huh , interesting . 
  i 'll give him a read ( :, 
  it 's the same kind of people who voted ukip here in the uk but who are uber eu federalists . 
   putnam hilary putnam ? 
  just googled . 
  we should leave that to glorious , secular , super space faring / r/yurop, 
  i think it 's got to do more with contribution . 
  obviously you need a fairly strict immigration system to make welfare states function , but people need to be playing tax as well . 
  aus is basically just hot england anyways so they 're basically europe / s, 
  is a trumplet like an omelette or more like a tiny trumpet ? 
  well this entire thing is based on averages . 
  it 's good for a bit of fun but in reality it 's not really a metric to go by . 
  i found some :o, 
  i never claimed the world was binary . 
   everything is just as awesome as ever . 
  what about the actual victims of migrant crime ? 
  what about the migrants themselves who are being subjugated by other migrants ? 
  why is it acceptable for swedish politicians to claim that sweden would be nothing without immigrants ? 
  i understand right wing media has an agenda to push , but this is literally just putting your head in the sand . 
  sweden is n't ` just as awesome as ever ' . 
  the right wing media is n't attacking sweden for no reason , after all . 
  i still want cat caf\u00e9s here in europe :(, 
  overcast ? 
  feels just like my kinda home !, 
  til paul nuttal is a pregnant teen, 
  you mean cultural potatoes ? 
  tactically speaking , macron might do more harm than good if you do n't want le pen in power . 
  i can imagine a situation where the centre/left vote is divided whilst right wingers focus around le pen . 
  ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) we 'll be the best of friends ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  what i meant was that morocco is n't a warzone, 
  are racist cops an issue in france ? 
  here in the uk it seems that our police are scared to death of being called racist . 
  just googled it . 
  sodomised with a baton ? 
  what were they thinking ? 
  it would be cohabitiation , but her in power legitimises and empowers other anti-eu/nationalist parties/ideas . 
  meh , i prefer clegg to tim farron . 
  may might be a tory but she seems * somewhat * competent . 
  jezza appears to be a wet noodle but blair is downright dangerous imo . 
  ah corsica , europe 's new zealand . 
  you did n't address his argument at all . 
  unfortunately the eu keeps failing at all the social , economic and cultural tests it 's being put through so far . 
  just wait for the eurozone crisis to start becoming an issue again . 
  i would n't count on it . 
  if brexit and trump can happen , i 'd put money on le pen and wilders happening . 
  pretty sure a le pen presidency would be the death knell for the eu . 
  edit : maybe le pen . 
  just remembered the rounds of voting the french have . 
  what kind of riots are they ? 
  often times i see it 's either areas with large immigrant populations ( like bobigny ? ), 
  or the occassional union protesting . 
  strategic , probably . 
  much like gibraltar .
