  it looks like it would be 2018/19 . 
  a referendum now without seeing how brexit goes down would be thoughtless . 
  just replace eu with westminster i just hope that if they do leave they 'll quit scapegoating england for all of scotlands woes . 
  it was a good run, 
  to be fair sturgeons rhetoric is n't a million miles away from what farages or the leave campaign was . 
  polder powerrr, 
  ah , an elusive cheese-american . 
  ah cool . 
  i hope they start one in london ( even if it would be preaching to the choir ), 
  look at the dutch treatment of those meats and cheese . 
  stabbing them with their own flag through the chest . 
  horrible fascist monsters !, 
  i liked it, 
  are there any going to be taking place in the uk ? 
  yes , even you israel, 
  they 're the right kind of foreigner , though . 
  * purrs in anglo-saxon *, 
  is n't it still widely used in some areas of science ? 
  i met a guy online who was studying botany and told me about having to memorise the latin names of plants and trees . 
  same thing with fauna too . 
  / r/anglish is cool if you want to be a purist :p [ also if you want to remove all non-germanic influences from english ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iio-17sikws ), 
  i know . 
  i 'm just trying to be lighthearted . 
  was it ? 
   mwannalagh is the isle of man full of murlocs or something ? 
  good article , but yeah , it 's agenda setting . 
  well i suppose they 've been left behind ( no pun intended ) . 
  i do n't blame them for the way they vote . 
  some patriotic northern irish might get irritated at me , but i think it should happen eventually . 
  like a lot of british colonialism it ended up causing a lot of issues and even today cities like belfast are still totally divided between catholics and protestants . 
  then again , it should only be up to ni and roi to decide that . 
  methinks the rest of the uk should stay out of it . 
  ni unionists can come chill with us on the mainland ;p, 
  pretty sure this is a repost , but the correlation is pretty profound . 
  i live in the south of england and go to northern france/belgium for cheap cigs and cheap , lovely food but parts of dunkerque are in a pretty dire state unfortunately . 
  getting a definite [ die antwoord ] ( https://images.genius.com/6eaa3d0c629812074c90c72028f47f78.960x751x1.jpg ) vibe . 
  then again , afrikaners are basically dutch , 
  feminists that care about actual egalitarianism , rather than bashing men you mean . 
  but yeah , i understand what you 're getting at . 
  more traditional gender roles tell men not to express their feelings which probably has something to do with the higher suicide rates . 
  it was mainly tongue in cheek . 
  i just think both genders have uniquely different problems and experiences and it 's god not to ignore one in favour of the other . 
  i think many fn voters would n't vote for fn usually , but given the currently situation i think many feel that it 's the only alternative they can go to . 
  i would implore ` establishment ' politicians and parties to at least open up to discussing some of the fears fn voters have rather than yelling at them . 
  i still think le pen is unlikely to win the second round , but considering the colossal fuck up hilary made calling half of voting americans deplorable or when cameron called ukipers ` closet racists and looneys ' it did n't end well for their side . 
  you do n't want right wing populism to gain more traction ? 
  talk to them . 
  have rational debates with them rather than yelling and screaming at how racist they are and isolating and radicalising people further . 
  that 's my opinion anyway p :, 
  my issue is when people seem to make the claim that nf or trump or wilders are similar to the nazis . 
  nf had it 's roots in fascism yes , but i believe they 've done decent work to moderate their platform . 
  people still seem to think that they can win arguments purely by yelling slurs like nazi at them . 
  nope . 
  he was appointed chancellor in 1933 by hindenburg to appease the nsdap . 
  he became dictator after the reichstag fire decree a few weeks later . 
  the nsdap actually lost the 1932 elections . 
  nothing says ` fighting fascism ' like burning placards that say free speech and violently attacking others with different political opinions, 
  cameron was well spoken , at least, 
  this data is misogynist / s, 
  she 's wants to get elected though democracy and she does n't want to undermine democracy if she gets elected ... how is she a threat to democracy ? 
  i 've always found ` the jewish question ' an enigma , too . 
  they make up 0.02 % of the worlds population yet apparently they somehow rule the world ? 
  it 's an application that you 'd fill out once in your life . 
  why are people getting fussy over form filling ? 
  the only `` pro-hollande '' people are him and his hairdresser . 
  good . 
  thanks !, 
  is denial of the armenian genocide included in this ? 
  just curious . 
  not yet !, 
  it gets to much sometimes . 
  if the telescreen was n't always on i 'd isolate myself from the news for a while . 
  already got a bunch of problems without the media constantly telling us how fucked we are ( not necessarily brexit but in general ), 
  you think that once article 50 gets triggered things well calm down a bit . 
  this is only going to be the start of a shittonne of negotiations, 
  really ? 
  o.o i ca n't recall seeing it . 
  need to look harder \u00f3_\u00f3, 
  [ fonland ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/019/254/gondola.png ) =d : dddddd, 
  see , even though i like the * idea * of freedom of movement , it seems to be undermining the economic growth of the east . 
  lithuania has lost like 25 % of it 's population in the last couple of decades . 
  true . 
  it seems like a shame though . 
  if all the newly educated young people move abroad because of the lack of opportunities , it does n't really ever benefit their home countries . 
  it seems like a vicious circle . 
  my local does n't have garlic sauce :(, 
  is there a lack of job opportunities outside of it in romania ? 
  so according to this romanians work everywhere but romania and scandi ?? 
  ? via ? 
  ha look benis : dddddd, 
  maybe i should give it a go . 
  thanks for the recipe, 
  unfortunately it 's hard to find here, 
  it 's macron basically gon na win because he 's not been caught doing something ethically dodgy yet ? 
  it 's just that history tends to repeat itself, 
  garlic sauce sounds heavenly, 
  kan into space ? 
  : dddd, 
  please do n't remind me, 
  uhh ... ` fair share ' as in nato contributions , not foreign aid spending ...
