i am so glad i 'm not the only one who thinks like this . 
  in the wet dreams of redditors . 
  i 'm readying the popcorn for the comments section, 
  accepting it for what it is and wanting a fully federalised state are two different things . 
  i want them to have a referendum too . 
  i just think some of the more hard-core eu ideologues want us to become a backwater . 
  europe for europeans please . 
  populism is a symptom of the eus own issues . 
  not a cause . 
  to be fair i 've seen a fair amount of remainers happily see the uk ripped apart as well . 
  whose ideal is that ? 
  yours ? 
  brussels ' ? 
  the eu is far less popular than people like to make it out to be . 
  once again , reddit acts like they are representative of the general population . 
  an infinity sign in the wild !, 
  cunt ^ 3 ? 
  * looks at my flair * triggered ;(, 
  the 350m figure was from the leave campaign , not from farage . 
  this sub does n't like england . 
  no one outside of england seems to like england . 
  fuck even i do n't like england that much . 
  they would n't admit it , but i 'm aware that there are people here who 'd love to see the uk crash and burn because of brexit . 
  orwell was a socialist . 
  biiiiig difference, 
  here we go again, 
  well reddit is a news/general media aggregate and forum . 
  obviously it 's not reuters or something . 
  yea lem me just waltz up to number 10 and tell them reddit says stop bombing people . 
  you talk like us brits all unanimously choose to go to war . 
  the only reasonable comment here . 
  colonialism and subjugation is bad , blowing up civilians is also bad . 
  we turks now ? 
  it would be moronic to cut ties with the eu prior to leaving . 
  much like how you should probably get another job lined up before you leave your current one . 
  can i ask out of curiousity , did you back remain/leave ? 
  and yeah i totally understand , it seems like the snp has come out of nowhere . 
  thank you for being a reasonable scot . 
  i do n't share the animosity towards scots like the snp make it out to be . 
  i 'd hope most other english think like that too . 
  most english backed leave , i want to make a distinction :p, 
  pfft . 
  with that 350m sitting in our coffers we can afford to go first class !, 
  gold plated brexit, 
  i also think the eu has a lot of issues . 
  but you do n't tear off a limb to deal with a headache . 
  i 'm actually pretty conservative on alot of issues , just within a paneuropean perspective . 
  does n't prevent me from being labeled a snowflake though, 
  i do n't even object to brexit . 
  i just think it 's basically a one way street . 
  brexiters are talking and acting like 99 % of us voted for this . 
  there are still aloooooot of people who do n't deny the referendum result but are still pretty concerned . 
  why are yanks so obsessed with ireland ? 
  i love how my entire future as a citizen is in the hands of folks like you, 
  do you think those wearing a burka all have a choice ? 
  i voted remain . 
   is mali afgahnistan, 
  welcome to london, 
  i want tight borders for the eu too . 
  but eu politicians seem to have no interest in doing that and national governments ca n't agree on anything . 
  says a person from a country whose golden dawn party is very popular . 
  disturbing ? 
  it 's not exactly like it 's surprising considering the state of the west so far . 
  mass unemployment , mass immigration , corporate whores posing as politicians , wage depreciation , middle class shrinking , social decay and an eu scared of representating europeans . 
  yup . 
  no surprise there at all . 
  is far right politics ideal ? 
  god no . 
  it 's rather terrifying . 
  but unless you live under a rock the rise of right-populism is clear to understand . 
  rather that than more europe under communism . 
  oh man / r/shitamericanssay is going to have alot of content over the next few days . 
  why did pvda 's vote collapse ? 
  currently working out as i write this . 
  if i get cramp , i 'm blaming russia edit : just finished . 
  no cramp , but putin definitely made me sweaty . 
  you can blame middle england for that one, 
  spain , greece , italy just to name a few economies that are n't performing well at all . 
  but that does n't matter if germany is doing well according to eu ideologues . 
  something positive = brexit has n't happened yet !, 
  something negative = brexit is destroying britian !, 
  did you see / r/uk after the brexit vote and to a certain extent now ? 
  bloody iran probably likes the uk than ruk edit : just popped on over there . 
  90 % of the content is still hissy fits . 
  wait ... a reasonable positive comment about brexit upvoted here ? 
  make sure you register now so that you do n't end up in the same situation next election, 
  since when is wanting more global trade `` empire kitsch '' and its not like labour would be doing anything different . 
  everyone is civil till the votes come in , 
  we have boris who is a mid tier meme . 
   in your experience so 90 % of half of america 's voting population are racists according to you . 
  with a username like that no barn will be off limits ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
   euphemism for some sort of british delicacy ? 
  dried dicks , yorkshire puddings and gravy is our speciality . 
  why is dick eating only reserved for the loser ? 
   at least because we are better than those filthy anglos you may have better wine , better cheese and better weather , but we anglos will not let you have the better politican meme leaders . 
  when is the referendum being held ? 
  what are the private opinions on erdogan do you think your average turk has ? 
  you can loathe his views , but that man has balls of steel . 
  wow that 's mean :( germany is netherlands retarded big brother !, 
  ... thanks .
