now the cable companies slowly start to provide dual dubbed movies sometimes , so we can choose which one would we prefer . 
  slowly but at least there is a possibility for it sometimes . 
  yup , every movie and series is dubbed here . 
  we are so proud of it , because the hungarian dub industry was really good 10 + years ago and it really was but not anymore ( that is my opinion of course ) . 
  great education happened . 
  edit . 
  : everyone learns languages in the primary and high school but the classes are not so good for practical skills . 
  lot of words and grammar but the lack of practice does not help at all . 
  for the students the language is the necessary bad . 
  everyone need the language exams for the college degree so they learns for the exam . 
  of course they do n't like it . 
  that is what i saw . 
  my english sucks also . 
  i shall meet with them in september in dresden . 
  maybe they can bring some for the cultural evening of the project . 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  this year i tried \u0160akotis , and i liked it . 
  also the shape . 
  i will ask my friend to bring some skruzd\u0117lynas next time . 
  possible and logical . 
  highway is where the speed is needed . 
  i did not see any audi police car so far . 
  if you discuss that topic with intelligent people then it is fine . 
  but some of us can get really `` excited '' about that . 
  in a bad way . 
  it is a road in the downtown filled with expensive shops . 
  tourist bait . 
  the other is just a long road to the north part of the city as you said . 
  anytime my friend . 
  the toast is pir\u00edt\u00f3skeny\u00e9r . 
  yeah . 
  and the sewing machine is the varr\u00f3g\u00e9p . 
  i love you too : hug :, 
  hmm . 
  makes more sense actually . 
  wow , we hate them so much apparently . 
  ( hungary ), 
  which is the 9th symphony of beethoven . 
  nice subliminal message by the way . 
  edit : part of the 9th to be precise . 
  and tears in my eyes . 
  i want to go to a 9th symphony as hell . 
  10-15 years ago it was great . 
  they did many good workaround on puns and actually made them better . 
  i really like to watch classic comedies with hungarian dub ( leslie nielsen movies for example ) but not anymore , word by word translation or cringeworthy versions . 
  i prefer the originals nowadays . 
  i was not there in the past few years but to be honest i think the situation is still the same . 
  i can not answer for the estonian park but we too have one in hungary . 
  it is basically the same . 
  we gathered a bunch of old statues from the communist era to a park . 
  http://hu.wikipedia.org/wiki/memento_park ( hungarian but with more photos ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/memento_park http://www.mementopark.hu/, 
  as a hungarian , i never heard about grabanc ipa . 
  i will taste it if i have the chance . 
  yup , bike is the best solution in budapest . 
  lets drink together friend , 
  wow , that video is evil and great . 
  i would like to watch it numerous times , just to watch different countries each time . 
  it would be hours . 
  believe me many hungarians are butthurt about transylvania as well . 
  i am totally fine with the actual situation . 
  the famous dacia ( we had a lot in hungary in the 80 's ) . 
  beautiful landscapes and mountains . 
  perfect for hiking . 
  spent weeks there , one of the best experiences in my life . 
  butthurt lot of time ( literally ) to travel to travel by train from hungary to the sea . 
  manele music ( sorry , the modern one is terrible ) . 
  red lake ( lacul ro\u0219u ) . 
  technically there are a lot of hungarians because transylvania was part of hungary until the world wars . 
  edit : downvote hammer as i see . 
  i did not want to say anything offense , and i am sure i did not write well what i wanted to say . 
  i just wanted to say if you check some cities in transylvania ( satu mare , t\u00e2rgu mure\u0219 ) you can see their 33 % of the population is hungarian . 
  it is more then `` some '' . 
  i do n't know its reason . 
  i recently bought a race bicycle in decent condition for city use for $ 100 and spent roughly $ 80 for the necessary accessories ( a good lock , a cheap lock ( for the front wheel ) , some cheap lights , prism reflectors ) . 
  constitution is the word what i searched for . 
  thanks !, 
  yup , they are just playing with these things like nothing matters . 
  strange feelings . 
  the situation in hungary is truly shit but i do n't think because of fasism and anti-semitism . 
  yes , there is some problem with that here but far from the situation what the article wrote . 
  i chuckled on the `` neo-nazi '' jobbik . 
  they are mindless radical , but fortunately not so much people agree with them . 
  the main problem is the corruption and the total power what our minister want to achieve ( or already had ) . 
  the leading party changed the basic laws and did everything to make the next election succesful for themself . 
  every single big project in hungary is about to give money to someone who is close to the leading party . 
  we built bridges and tunnels on flat surfaces on highways for millions of euro , renovating bridges for the price of a new one , building football stadiums to the countryside where noone wants to see football ( to the home village of the minister ) and the list is long . 
  they spend incredible amount of money to keep rich their neightbour and the unemployment high , the prices are the same like in western europe but the salaries are much less ( around $ 2.2 / h ) . 
  the hospitals are in trouble ( sometimes they do n't have money for sterile needles and the doctors are underpaided ) . 
  i think that is why the minor anti-semitism here because many people believes the jews are the invisible enemy behind the government who controlling them and leech the money . 
  but you can see traditional jews walking on the street in the usual outfit and noone harms them . 
  they are just a symbol of the situation , like the national tobacco shops ( which was an other big rip-off lately ) . 
  ( wow , wall of text , sorry about that ), 
  wow , you are torturing yourself for our country . 
  not at all . 
  and originally it was `` only '' 15 years . 
  now 30 , and they are going to spend millions more because of that . 
  no problem , we have great economy , few millions wo n't matter ... / s, 
  according to the wikipedia all these 3 are one of the meanings of the toth . 
   t\u00f3th ( sometimes toth ) is a very common surname in hungary , meaning `` slav '' and later `` slovak '' in old hungarian ( now spelt t\u00f3t ) . 
   it can also mean `` croat '' , since one of the hungarian names for slavonia ( the northern part of croatia , bordering to hungary ) was tothorszag ; although horv\u00e1th is the more usual contemporary formulation .
