  even at the height of the building boom the unemployment rate in spain never went below 8 % . 
  so you have a situation where benefits are relatively high , and casual work under the table is available ... what do you think people do ? 
  yes, 
  lies , damn lies , and the spanish unemployment statistics, 
  cyprus is a bit suspect because there are british overseas territories there at akrotiri and dhekelia ... it made me pause, 
  sounds like tarsal tunnel syndrome , take some ibuprofen and try to stay off it ... 
  would you like to buy a bridge ? 
  did you shop in a local shop or a chain , because you probably got `` tourist prices '' ? 
  i went to the british school of barcelona , mainly because they had/have a good arts programme and my mother wanted me to learn how to play many instruments . 
  then i lived in london for uni and for work for seven years . 
  i have a very neutral english accent ... 
  even in our boom times registered unemployment never got below about 8 % , that was considered full employment . 
  plus there are a lot of scams and corruption , and people that work and collect money, 
  same for me , of my peer group nearly everyone has a postgraduate degree of some kind , if not two graduate degrees, 
  spain produces more cars than france , second in the eu after germany, 
  yes over lunch , still do n't understand it, 
  my colleague explained cricket to me the other day ... 
  no no new zealander 's are lovely and so is the country ... stralians are loud mouth cunts , and they know it !, 
  lovely country ... shame about the people ... 
  erm ... 
  well no they have already done that or we would have no connections , you may argue that their investment wo n't receive the kind of payback that they expected , but that will be written off against the tax they pay ( or not pay of course ), 
  i 'll let you off this time and not generalise all americans from your disgrace , 
  going to andorra is expensive the last time i forgot to turn off roaming , in twenty minutes i 'd spent thirty euros , of course nothing like when i went to switzerland , before i 'd got to the centre of zurich from the airport i 'd `` spent '' $ 60 !, 
  you came off as a prick, 
  my gb in barcelona is 35 $ which i think is a bargain, 
  u wot ? 
  rolled my eyes and had breakfast . . 
  some , i assume , are good people, 
  and spain , you have to give up your previous citizenship, 
  pm me your address and i 'll send some of my uncle 's, 
  ah ok , yeah where my grandparents live there 's only 4g which is just about enough to browse but not much more ... 
  sorry i misread your previous comment, 
  i pay 35 $ for gigabit in barna, 
  you think there 's nothing in what you 've looked at on the internet that could be misconstrued by a person looking at your history ? 
  the uk *** is *** a group of countries ? 
  not sure why savoy is n't considered southern europe ? 
  i visited zurich in january , the people were very nice , but i have no desire to return unless the beer becomes alot cheaper and the temperature is over 20 degrees, 
  a lot of olive oil is bought wholesale here and bottled in italy, 
  nine elms lane is west london, 
  they have 4g , it 's usable , 
  it 's difficult because the building rules say that all the external windows have to be the same , i 've been quote 2000 $ to copy the current balcony doors , 
  where grandfather is you can buy a house in a village for less thank $ 10k, 
  i dunno , i live in a old building with high ceilings lots of light , but not a single door is square , the windows rattle , and the single pane of glass blocks almost no noise , i 'd kill for nice double glazed plastic windows , 
  we have one hour delivery , 
  here 's the data set , it 's basically bullshit http://www.contraceptioninfo.eu/sites/contraceptioninfo.eu/files/map_ranking_-_contraception.pdf, 
  * belgium , germany and spain have federal political systems and therefore circumstances may vary between regions . 
  ** under unscr 1244/99 in spain health is done on a regional level , so for instance here in catalonia there is a large amount of websites for contraception from the local government , so in the rankings it states that for spain that websites are `` non-gov ' t supported websites '' and that therefore the score is low . 
  there may indeed be different positions in each region so why is there one score ? 
  pointless, 
  we have glaciers you know ... 
  come on over !, 
  yep , 
  and who took it there ? 
  you 've shown that two spanish people from 125,000 that live in the uk have had issued with racism , and you 've implied that racism against spanish people is `` a helluva problem '' i 've countered that in my experience of actually studying , working and visiting the uk that i 've never myself experienced any such thing , neither have i heard from my many spanish friends that live in the uk of racism against them . 
  when was the last time you were in the uk ? 
  so your evidence ... one is a violent attack which was condemned by all sections of the uk and was seen as disgusting by most people , and the guy was imprisoned for it . 
  the bus one is ridiculous , all bus in london have cctv , so where is the video ? 
  the bus driver would last five minutes in his job after a complaint like that ... one is an american , the person was also arrested and charged and one is some writing on a door so you 're suggesting that spanish people should be afraid of the racist english because of one attack , one dubious claim about a bus driver and one verbal attack , and some grafit , despite the fact that close to 125,000 spanish people live in the uk ? 
  is that your `` evidence '' ? 
  that 's frankly ridiculous , i lived in london for 14 years , i never once heard a negative thing said about spanish people, 
  please it 's 42.2 % , 
  picts , pritani , britani i believe ... 
  the real question is what is this supposed to distract people from ? 
  the boqueria is n't the best market in barcelona ... 
  46m , but yes, 
  it depends where you are obviously ... 
  barcelona , there is n't an area of the city i would n't go to , day or night . . 
  you mean us no go areas ? 
  i do n't know about the netherlands . . 
  that 's really not true , i 'm sat opposite a romanian and an estonian , and they 're both with local women . . 
  it certainly would !, 
  err https://jakubmarian.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/pisa-2015-spain-mathematics.jpg, 
  cheeky, 
  thank you, 
  is it ok to treat all muslims as if they were terrorists ? 
  catalonia - spain ... 
  it 's funny how it 's true though right ? 
  thanks, 
  haha if you believe official spanish statistics on unemployment then perhaps i could interest you in a bridge ? 
  with the ajuntament, 
  my apologies btw we 've had mass migration ... with many fewer issues than most countries, 
  then maybe my english is n't as good as i thought ... 
  because you imply that people are not serious , yet there are plenty of people myself included that have registered to take in refugees , and 160000 people thought it serious enough to tak time out of their day to show their rapport , if that 's not serious then what is it ? 
  are you serious ? 
  croatia unemployment rate is about the same as the whole of spain , but our median income is about three times higher , while our standard of living is equivalent to anywhere in western europe, 
  i 've registered to take a person in my home, 
  we 'll take refugees anytime rather than racist homophobic eastern europeans ... 
  no we blame ourselves, 
  bull shit , from your american opinion, 
  i 'm more wiling to have refugees from war torn countries , which geopolitical meddling has caused than xenophobic , homophobic , frankly racist eastern europeans ... 
  why ? 
  eastern europeans coming into the country , with their backwards ideas and intolerance , bringing crime and violence , we should build a walll and make them pay for it !, 
  i 'm going for a pizza in a minute , i think i 'll order the napolitana in your honour , 
  i went there in the late nineties the rest of the city was less pretty, 
  napolitana is a biscuit, 
  dude it was a joke ... 
  garrotes in the basque country , which means sticks ... 
  when ? 
  you 've heard of travel seasons i assume ? 
  https://www.tortillasnagual.com/ thank me later ...
