  i 'd like to try the czech republic sometime ... 
  yes the prices in the us are much cheaper , when i visit my brother in california i always buy another suitcase to bring back, 
  i have a giant in my office i 'll ask him where he buys shoes ... 
  i 'm not saying another word . . , 
  do n't go to holland ... 
  vincente, 
  our royal families are terribly complicated . . 
  he has a point ... 
  are n't they danish ? 
  til : there 's a scottish defence league . . 
  slackers was n't it ? 
  and yes that 's embarrassing ... 
  we had puppeteers arrested recently for glorifying terrorism ... 
  yes well austrian basements it seems have many uses ... 
  it 's the national pastime !, 
  are you usually involved in judicial procedures ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  come to spain ... although it rains here sometimes ... well just once ( today ) in 90 days but it does rain !, 
  joaqu\u00edn rodrigo [ concerto de aranjuez ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9dotuplqni ) is one of my favourites ... 
  spanish `` unemployment '' has always been high , the truth is that there is a black economy here with many small family businesses not paying their staff correctly because it 's very expensive to have employees here as the social security payments are high . 
  oh then of course , most of my friends from south america have at least one spanish grandparent, 
  what do you mean ? 
  you think there 's land somewhere in western europe that does n't belong to some one ? 
  something like that ... the joint princes of andorra are the president of france and the bishop of urgell, 
  do n't feed the trolls ... 
  was a joke , 
  you take that back !, 
  sweden had a nuclear weapon programme from 1945-1972 and had it 's own designed reactors since 1954 it 's also a weapons exporting nation it could have a nuclear weapon system in under a year according to the iaea, 
  haha which southern countries do you see as poor ? 
  yeah you keep believing that ... , 
  blah blah blah, 
  ah ok , the first 30 minutes are free in barcelona so it 's very useful, 
  are n't the first 30 minutes free ? 
  latvia goes back to russia does it ? 
  the number of romanians in spain has been decreasing , there 's more in italy now ... 
  a russian talking about safe driving ... comedy gold . . 
  what ? 
  without being mean you do realise that most of `` western '' europe did n't want you in the eu either ... 
  and are they in the european economic area ? 
  it 's got nothing to do with `` people 's concerns '' , a brexit would mean the the uk would need to negotiate a free trade agreement with the eu , similar to norway , switzerland and iceland , and along with that would be still a member of the eea which there is no proposal to leave . 
  therefore like the aforementioned countries the uk would in all likelihood have to agree to the basic agreements of the eu , which would mean that immigration from the other eu countries would still happen at the same levels ... hence the `` so what ? '', 
  and like norway and switzerland the likelihood of the eu having a free trade area with the uk after brexit without freedom of movement is non-existent, 
  so what ? 
  it rained thursday !, 
  erm that 's the joke . 
  i 'd rather not think about -17 at all ... 
  nah mountain bike around collserolla , and cheating by getting the funicular to the top !, 
  it 's a hard life !, 
  17 today hopefully , nice for a bike ride !, 
  it certainly is !, 
  come here , although it was a bit cold in barcelona today, 
  yeah this morning it was 9c i had to wear a hoodie . . 
  yes yes you 're right , all praise the great dictator ... 
  well that 's ok then . . 
  what `` merit '' ? 
  it 's bright and sunny here , obviously ... 
  erm i do n't like it ... never have , i think it 's monstrous, 
  and there was me complaining about putting on a jumper yesterday ... 
  because his education was n't very good ? 
  yeah sure one with a cottage , that 's all i want , 
  no we 're not , we 're much closer culturally to portugal , france and italy than we are with south american countries, 
  here in spain , not so much i think , land is cheapish , there 's a ready market , the weather is generally good , i think i could buy 10 hectares of land for less than $ 50k with a small house , probably with olive trees or almonds in production , with enough space for a kitchen garden . . 
  i think we won at living longer as well ... which i think i prefer winning than most other things ... 
  i walk across the road and then up the street a few blocks , press a buzzer , a nice lady lets me in and then i peruse her samples of finely home grown , i buy a little , roll a joint and engage in polite conversation with the other patrons ... do n't you have them in madrid ? 
  can i come visit ? 
  ( i 'm actually interested in buying a small farm for the next stage of my life ), 
  and some of them work a whole lot more !, 
  we can buy it from shops actually , this must be trafficked weed only, 
  i have gigabit fibre , how is that shit ? 
   they do n't seem to care that they ca n't make their own laws and be overruled by brussels . 
  or that laws that hurt their ` states ' are passed down against them by nobodies in another country . 
  because we do n't believe those things happen ... 
  it 's pissing it down in barna as well ... 
  i feel like we 've had this conversation before ... , 
  you 're not funny ... 
  i had to wear a hoodie yesterday . . 
  when talking about population density distribution is indeed important ... 
  we have two of the biggest metropolitan areas in europe , the population density of barcelon\u00e8s is nearly 16,000 / km \u00b2 the third after paris and athens, 
  there 's a swedish restaurant literally across the road from my flat where all the staff speak pretty perfect spanish and quite good catalan , the food is also amazing, 
  come here before it 's too late !, 
  my british chums that live here all speak spanish ... 
  but they 're not retirees, 
  were you ordering the men\u00fa del d\u00eda ? 
  never really noticed that we had big portions , always thought our portions were tiny compared to the brits and the americans . . 
  we do ? 
   access to cigarettes is quite easy for young people ( teenagers ) how do you work that out ? 
  you can only buy cigarettes in tabac shops or from machines in bars and restaurants where there has to be a switch behind the bar to enable the machine to be used ... 
  barcelona en com\u00fa is n't doing too bad here, 
  it 's the senyera, 
  yeah it 's very pretty , very green, 
  i just checked , mankinholes , no idea what a mankin is or why it makes holes , 
  i 've actually been there , one of my friends lives near hebden bridge , some ridiculously named place that i ca n't remember the name of , 
  yes there is , it 's endemic, 
  it is but it 's not likely even at the height of the boom we had 8 % unemployment , it was considered a triumph, 
  i bow to your majesty 's superior knowledge on these matters . . 
  many countries encourage children and marriage through tax laws, 
  he 's named after st george who 's parent were from cappadocia , of course he wo n't see the irony ... 
  the church was up to it 's neck with the dictatorship so after we stopped listening . 
  but we 're the least south , 
  you 're an idiot,
