greater aragon will rise again !, 
  pardon i do n't speak dutch can you speak up ? 
  meh i do n't consider france or portugal our rival , spain on the other had i just ca n't say , 
  which is no where near what the `` official '' statistics are , i think that the last estimate that i read was that 26 % of the economy is black . 
  this wo n't make any of you feel better ... but here 's a picture from this afternoon http://i.imgur.com/szmcpgf.jpg, 
  dear god ... 
  caldoso mmm, 
  not me !, 
  more a fan of fideu\u00e0 tbh , 
  do it, 
  then we go home on our donkeys drunk on sangria ? 
  and with the french through the combined joint expeditionary force and the charles de gaulle integrated strike battle group, 
  telepizza is disgusting , there 's a lot of good pizza in barcelona though ... 
  do they include postal votes from british people outside of the uk ? 
  hmm you 're right ... my partner set them up ... 
  i miss a lot of points ... 
  i have a visa card with iberia that i use to collect avios for flights , which can be transferred to vueling and ba which are useful for me ... 
   people living on welfare are generally not proud of it but they also should n't have any shame ... 
  posing ... ? 
  and has any refugee committed an act of terror or are the responsible people eu citizens ? 
  what methodology are you going to use to choose who `` goes home '' and to where are you going to send them ? 
  if you use the newest index barcelona has moved from 56 to 27 where as praque has gone from 55 to 56 ... http://www.innovation-cities.com/innovation-cities-index-2015-global/9609, 
  yeah he 's misinformed , he thinks we ride donkeys and take siestas , and that the amount of players on steam gives some indication of the level of tech industry here ... 
  i rate your comment a + well done comrade !, 
  i have a few romanian friends , and they 're all good people , in fact i set one up with my sister !, 
  i have never been drunk and loud in the street myself ... , 
  after san joan , which is n't tourists , barcelona looks like a war zone ... 
  it 's not for the benefit of anyone else apart from the usa , power projection is the avowed policy of the us defence department and the state department, 
  your military is a disproportionate size, 
  spain is n't completely fucked, 
  reading french is easier than speaking for me, 
  lol, 
  barcelona is nice !, 
  blood sausage/black pudding is typical all over europe https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blood_sausage#spain, 
  i never get drunk at the beach ever ... 
  i 'll save that one !, 
  no one ever believes ... spain + ireland = catholic = religious , i 've seen it so many time on reddit it 's unbelievable, 
  i had an american tourist asking me why i was so white , i asked him what he expected me to be and he said `` hispanic '', 
  let us not attribute to malice and cruelty what may be referred to less criminal motives . . i 'd go with really uninformed ... 
  uae is n't dropping bombs in yemen , that 's saudi arabia, 
  why so angry popsy ? 
  err no that 's not what i said ... the statistics are fine . . and yes that 's still a shitty website , the fact that it 's an eu one is neither here nor there , the data might be the best data in the world but the interface is not, 
  urgh that is a shitty website ... i use my credit card for everything because i fly a lot so the points are worth it for me ... 
  indian , pakistani and bangladeshi people marry from within their own communities from `` back-home '' once the person moves to the uk and gains citizenship they can then sponsor their own relations to move . 
  plenty of people have credit cards in europe ... 
  spain [ idealista ] ( http://www.idealista.com/ ) [ habitaclia ] ( http://www.habitaclia.com/ ), 
  wow cool thanks, 
  well it depends how they feel , some of them are catalan and some of them are n't , my mother for one , and her parents who still consider themselves madrile\u00f1o but yeah you know you 're wrong and that 's fine ... 
  yes there are no people from andalucia , murcia or extramadura in catalonia , neither are there millions of people descended from those areas in catalonia , in fact there are n't whole cities like l'hospitalet de llobregat that have a majority non catalan people at all ... 
  course you can !, 
  yeah ... 
  i think i 'm fine thanks, 
  there are lots of spanish people in london now ... 
  uninteresting ? 
  insurance against what ? 
  it was more common 30 years ago to learn french but now everyone takes english from an early age . . 
  yep i certainly do, 
  i have spanish and british , technically i could probably get a us passport as i was born there ... but do n't see the point, 
  factually incorrect `` arshid was imprisoned for 35 years , while his brothers basharat hussain , 39 , and bannaras hussain , 36 , were handed 25 years and 19 years respectively . '', 
  yes that 's what i said, 
  the lunch menus are good value here usually about 10 $ give or take ... 
  oops paella and tapas while available is n't really from here ... typical catalan dishes would bread with tomate , butifara usually with beans , baked cod ... 
  if you want some restaurant recommendations then pm and i 'll send you a list , 
  yeah bradford in the uk is a conurbation with leeds , the map is shit ... 
  you mean like flamenco and the guitar ? 
  bullshit where in spain are you from ? 
  thanks , 
  how were the 1940s ? 
  i like the portuguese they 're my favourite kind of waiter ... 
  they pay the bills , it 's fine , last year it was italian tourists that we were upset about , everyone is noisy when they come here , 
  spain is n't fucked , our statistics are fucked ... 
  spain has n't really had a problem with migrants actually ... 
  erm you have no idea mate , spain is the fifth largest economy in the eu and italy the fourth , the idea of the poor south is bullshit . 
  the economy of catalonia is bigger than most eu countries ... gdp pp for catalonia is as high as scotland , we work just fine , we 're also not unhappy grump arseholes sitting in the windy piss poor margin of europe with the worst health and mortality rates in the western world , so you enjoy you dour lifestyle and the shitty weather , and i 'll enjoy the beach and the sunshine ... 
  hmm and the prices too ? 
  we have a country , 
  i think you 're very correct , for my company ( in it ) i pay every euro i 'm supposed , although i get asked all the time if i want cash and not to report the tax , i say no . 
  my brother who has an engineering fabrication business always says yes , his argument is that his competitors do the same ... 
  i do n't know what the solution is . . 
  i was thinking of taking the next year off ... 
  you 're not , this is / r/europe that 's all, 
  maybe it 's because they tend not to be retirees here ? 
  the language thing is not all together true , i find at least here in catalonia that british people have fairly good spanish , and usually a little catalan , the long term immigrants . 
  maybe it 's different further south, 
  a year i believe, 
  have a look at this , it 's the putorana plateau , the geographical centre of russia is there , and it 's a world heritage site ... https://www.google.es/search?q=putorana+plateau&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewip5sceoytlahvcwrqkhvdxa9cq_auibygb&amp;biw=1270&amp;bih=1261, 
  i 've been to both , although i went to bratislava on a day trip from vienna on a sunday , at it appeared that everything was closed . 
  slovenia i 've spent a week there which i totally loved ... 
  i think they do , i think they want a new election cs and psoe have proved that they are n't capable of creating an alternative to pp , and pp looks the same as usual , the party of the old and the backward , podemos will increase their vote if there 's an election and will be in a stronger position . 
  i loved montenegro , it 's very beautiful, 
  yes i 've been all down the coast from slovenia to albania , i particularly liked montenegro ... 
  running joke with some salty belgians i know , it 's a lovely place, 
  i would n't say a lot , and the sellers are a pest but you just have to say no , and i do n't know why people are negative but screw them , it 's going to be sunny all weekend here , 
  thank you , i will endeavour to visits your country and report back , 
  obviously has some sort of chip on his shoulder about something . . 
  i would fit in very well i think ... 
  yeah yeah, 
  probably serbia , why . . 
  i 've been to nearly every other european country ( even belgium ) but never really thought about going to serbia ... 
  such a grand statesman strutting across the world stage bringing prestige and glory to the people of spain ...
