  no shit, 
  what ? 
  it 's the thing i hated the most when i lived in the uk , the grey clouds that seemed to just start above the roof for months on end it seemed ... depressing ... 
  if you want to argue with my mother that 's fine , but i 'd strongly recommend against it  she 's from there so she has her rose tinted glasses on . . 
   the best place in catalonia '' my mother insists it 's tossa de mar , she 's biased , but i 'm not going to argue . . 
  i 'd like to see the putorana plateau , although the chances of that are not very high . . 
  yeah obviously i 'd recommend barcelona  and your choices are excellent !, 
  do n't tell everyone , 
  in catalonia i would suggest the following three ordesa national park for outstanding scenery calella de palafrugell is a beautiful little town in girona province espai natural sant miquel del fai is really a stunning hike, 
  corsica is definitely on my list , i 've wanted to do the gr20 for about 20 years ... 
  yeah sure , it 's certainly progress and that 's good in itself , anecdotally business seems to be picking up a nice pace , most people i talk to seem to be more optimistic at the moment despite the political mess . 
  i know that if you spoke to my nephew and asked him if he was economically active he certainly would say nothing about working in his father 's business, 
  does it stop people telling lies ? 
  i think he means unbelievable . 
  we have no room to talk here ...  manxego manxego manxego, 
  how many m \u00b2 on average ? 
  there are some villages for sale in spain for the price of the two bedroom house i had in london ... 
  i 've invested in a tiny car that falls to pieces when i press the funny sounding horn . . 
  http://www.infojobs.net/ofertas-trabajo/barcelona have a look !, 
  ( oh and on linkedin ), 
  yeah pretty good really , salaries are lower , although if your good then who knows . 
  i have two brits that work for me that speak very little spanish , they get by fine , although obviously when we have a big group lunch and we 're shouting at each other ( as usual ) , they probably feel a bit left out , but they seem happy living here . . 
  come on over !, 
  so you 'll be joining spain when ? 
  of course, 
  our swearing is n't quite up to scratch , 
  i was being facetious , i do n't think spain is unimportant but neither is catalonia , and i prefer to think of it as conscious uncoupling rather than a split , we 'll still be fam , 
  so if spain is unimportant what 's the problem ? 
  you 're closer to the truth than most . . , 
  i think they killed themselves mostly, 
  * sigh * where are you from ? 
  there have been bombings , a whole load of them , i think like 83 or 84 was the worst year, 
  we had a terrorist group the tll they were not supported by the vast majority of catalans, 
  unimportant ? 
  maybe to you , but then we have a bigger population than many other eu countries , are they unimportant too , and what does that matter ? 
  yeah we 'd never notice the little green men ... 
  haha are we sure which side they 'd be on ? 
  yeah it 's just not reality at all , i 'm actually shocked by these comments, 
  i 'm afraid you have no idea , we are seeking the right of self determination , we are doing this through political means , there is no call in anyway for any violence , and i 'm really shocked that you think there would be ... 
  i 'm as fervent a supporter of independence as you will find , but there is absolutely no way in the world that i , or anyone i know would consider violence to be in anyway part of this process . 
  i do n't know where this fool thinks we 're going to get fighter planes and tanks from to take on the professional army of spain, 
  junts pel s\u00ed the comments in this thread are ridiculous ... 
  yeah it 's not going to be a civil war, 
  he seems like a good man, 
  i 'd vote for your leprechaun fellow ... 
  the day there are tanks in the streets of barcelona is the day you can say goodbye to a unitary spain ... 
  seconded , come here !, 
  https://www.google.es/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=utf-8#q=barcelona%20weather it will be like this for the next 6-10 weeks probably , although the humidity is quite low for here the average is about 70 % so it feels a lot hotter usually ... 
  it 's lovely the humidity has been low so it 's very pleasant , 
  u wot m8 !, 
  we 've taken on four new employees over the last year , it took me about 4 hours to get 25 applications for the first position from a simple job post on linkedin, 
  well here 's another useless gesture , i 've visited turkey many times for business and pleasure , i have been overwhelmed by the hospitality and kindness i 've had from ordinary turkish people all over the country , especially in places that do n't see many tourists where people literally went out of their way to make sure that i was happy ... you will always have at least one friend in spain . 
  ok let 's do that then !, 
  against the democratic will of the people ? 
  haha cognitive dissonance , but whatever we will have our day, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_self-determination_referendum,_2014 ok !, 
  you 're better off not having any of our politicians there frankly, 
  i doubt that it 's a significant amount in either case as is general fraud in benefits , but of course we 're not really talking about rational people looking at statistics and coming up with rational hypotheses, 
  that 's entirely possible , there are in work benefits for low paid workers in the uk, 
  no sorry you do n't understand , capitalists do not care about laws , they care about their money , as soon as you start taking money off one the rest will move their money faster than you can think , they certainly are n't stupid , and they understand risk better than most . 
  yeah so a very small proportion of the 46 million people in spain, 
  it still favours larger parties and has produced a two party system for nearly 30years, 
  i may kill you ... 
  i actually think that that 's what will happen , and yes it 'll be hilarious in a very dark way . 
  i do n't think that the 52 % of people that voted to leave will be very happy at all . 
  please shoot me if brefugees becomes a thing ... 
   an eu wide treaty that prevents offshoring and outsourcing of jobs outside of the eu except in certain circumstances of low unemployment , or an obvious skill shortage in a specific area . 
  you would have to set-up capital controls to do this , which would see money from outside the eu currently invested in eu companies fly out of here at the speed of light , and would cause a crash in european stock exchanges and currencies that would make 2008 look like a picnic, 
  the benefits he speaks of are only possible if he gets exactly what he wants , it 's total wishful thinking at best , and disingenuous at worst . 
  yeah i changed it to more ineffective , 
  who can say ... and frankly no one really gives a shit about gibraltar , it 's a none issue, 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/mar/13/ciudadanos-podemos-of-right-political-force-spain-albert-rivera here are yesterday 's election results http://elpais.com/elpais/inenglish.html, 
  we 've had a two party system since 1982 with fptp but because of the crisis and corruption two more parties have risen and have taken votes from the traditional two parties, 
  oh we 've just had another inconclusive election , the second in six months with a four way split of parties that seem not to be able to form a coalition with each other . 
  maybe less was n't the correct word , more ineffective maybe ? 
  boris has said in his telegraph article this morning that eea or efta is his goal in this , not sure what real point there is to that ... 
  the snp were also successful in getting their country to vote remain , i think that 's actually the real success for them , ( and for scotland ) . 
  come live here , although we have less government than what the uk has , at least it 's mostly sunny , 
  your off-shoring proposal makes no sense ? 
  i believe hannover was closed when i went to a trade show last year , or that was my impression on being in the city centre after 7pm, 
  i guess we will see very soon, 
  excuse me i prefer to shout loudly and use extremely offensive swearing when i 'm telling the world what to do !, 
  and as i 've pointed out , he does n't have the power to set the policies of the party on his own, 
  i do n't have to agree with everything he has said to support his platform , also he 's a leader of the party but he 's not a dictator and res is a thing you know ... 
  are you still suggesting that muslims should n't be allowed on planes , or that hogar social madrid is n't a neo-nazi organisation ? 
  you 're a closet fascist and i do n't speak to fascists, 
  tell me what you think a venezuelan style government is ? 
  do n't be ridiculous, 
  sure , i was replying to the idea that there was only northern italy that was doing well in the south ... catalonia and madrid are the fourth and fifth nuts region by gdp in the eu , after \u00cele-de-france , lombardy , and inner london ... 
  catalonia also has a better economy than most ... 
  i can see a cloud ... it 's a little cloud but a cloud none the less ... 
  ok people ... ? 
  haha, 
  we see about 8 million tourists a year , some neighbourhoods are badly affected , particularly around the big attractions , i specifically do n't go to certain parts of the city during the tourist season because it 's intolerable , even on my street which is n't close to the main tourist areas there is a lot of noise from drunk people in the night ... 
  come on we 're not dirty !, 
  does n't every country roast chestnuts and have carts in winter ? 
  while there maybe a high risk of material poverty for some , we score high in real quality of life , with good familial connections , good communities , great natural beauty , high life expectancy , good health care for everyone , low suicide rate , low rates of heart disease and stress , good food , good wine and beer , and awesome weather ... 
  and it 's sunny ... 
  here 's the deal , benefits are calculated on the last 180 days salary , a person receives 70 % of their salary to a maximum of 1087,21 $ or a minimum of 497.01 $ . 
  also we have lots of small family run businesses and a high contributory social security payments for employers .
