  in what language ? 
  it 's the nature of conversation ... 
  electrified enough to kill people ? 
  i very glad that you 're so concerned for the safety of our police , bravo !, 
   a note on terminology : the bbc uses the term migrant to refer to all people on the move who have yet to complete the legal process of claiming asylum . 
  this group includes people fleeing war-torn countries such as syria , who are likely to be granted refugee status , as well as people who are seeking jobs and better lives , who governments are likely to rule are economic migrants . 
  you 're the one moving the goal posts , you seem to not understand that ceuta is not on the spanish peninsula , or that the fence that we 're talking about is n't a back garden one , but a six meter high double security fence topped with razor wire , with detection systems guarded by a paramilitary police force with automatic weapons , and that the said fence , if it was a wall would be no more secure than it currently is because a seven meter ladder is something that exists in the world . . 
  if you can build a wall , you can buy a ladder ... 
  no we pay them , that 's what he 's saying, 
  lol so you have no idea what the border looks like at ceuta ... 
  better protection how , and you realise this border is a spanish city on the coast of the african continent ? 
  and all of them will be back in morroco before the right wind cesspool has had chance to read the article . . 
  just for anyone not reading the article ...  `` most migrants are intercepted and returned to morocco , and those who do make it over the fences are eventually repatriated or released . '', 
  barcelona , yep love it , i use it a few times a week , there 's a station next to my house and one near work , it 's cheap , and i use the electric bikes every now and then as well . . 
  yeah the failure of eastern europeans to assimilate is terrifying , i 'm really questioning the whole eu enlargement ... 
  41000/square mile for barcelona, 
  spain is nearly 40 % forested, 
  madrid and barcelona metro areas make up around 10m of the total of 46m people, 
  better for making noise and not for much else, 
  it does n't preclude them being better either, 
  you seem to think that the mother or the father which ever way around it is , is n't present in the child 's life , but there are many ways to form a family now that are not the `` nuclear '' family of the past . . 
  always with the shitting log ... 
  fortunately what you hope does n't mean very much . . 
  naww it 's you do n't worry x, 
  it is less probable at the moment , but i do think that it will become more common . 
  i know a lot of gay people with their own children , being gay does n't mean you ca n't produce children ... 
  it 's been legal for same sex couples to adopt in spain since 2005 , earlier for some communities ... 
  the skiing has been fantastic this year though , so swings and roundabouts, 
  life is hard , 
  crazy people . . 
  i totally agree, 
  as you are free to do !, 
  i would suggest not going any further north if you 're triggered by the flags . . 
  just flu , a flue is a tube for gas or smoke . . 
  * generally *, 
  people in spain generally hate spicy food ... 
  i was in zurich last week , the price of food is outrageous, 
  lol not at all , it 's a joke, 
  you english and your fancy language, 
  errr yeah `` you wot mate '' is a challenge to a fight , i 've heard of the spanish civil war ... 
  you wot mate ? 
  the only war i 'm fighting is when madrid sends in the tanks !, 
  you 'll be paying a lot more for our food , 
  it 's more nuanced in spain at least , what you 're quoting is the law about acquiring a second citizenship . 
  i have multiple citizenships by virtue of birthplace and heritage, 
  hey we do n't need the germans to fuck us up , we are quite capable of doing it ourselves !, 
  have you been to china ? 
  i 'm never complaining about the cold again at home , i 'm in zurich tonight and i thought i was going to have a heart attack every times i went outside , also when i ordered a beer , 40 $ for four beers !, 
  great , i 'm just on my way to zurich until sunday ... 
  he was in valencia , this week in barcelona its been 18 degrees one day and 0 degrees another ... 
  spanish retirees in the uk ? 
  i bet there are less than 1000 sorry i was wrong . . https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/nov/25/the-week-that-time-stood-still  during a question about reciprocal healthcare arrangements for foreign pensioners , the chair , meg hillier , asked wormald if he had any comparative figures for spain . 
  `` yes , '' he said promptly . 
  `` at our last count there are 62 spanish ... '' `` not 62,000 ? '' interrupted the conservative richard bacon . 
  `` 62 spanish pensioners , '' said hillier . 
  `` you 're kidding me . '' `` 62 spanish pensioners live in the uk and about 70,000 british pensioners live in spain , '' replied the bewildered wormald , who could n't see what the fuss was about . 
  `` 62 ? '' hillier repeated incredulously . 
  `` we are not the retirement place of choice , '' wormald explained . 
  as necessary according to what criteria ? 
  i lived at the barbican for years , i loved living there ... 
  no he 's talking nonsense, 
  my biggest customers are in the uk , we 've had a big hit ... 
  these are our normal police here in catalonia , the mossos d'esquadra , they 're not known for their genial disposition ... http://www.abc.es/media/espana/2016/02/01/mossos--620x349.jpg, 
  feels before reals, 
  you could take a similar picture at sierra nevada, 
  i was at masella yesterday , it was so cold my camera would n't work . . 
  why would you want to do that ? 
  pretty sure ... 
  it will be warm soon ... 
  it 's a matter of perspective . . 
  and the south , in spain , italy and france mushroom picking is a thing, 
  i do n't believe that you 've been out without a scarf !, 
  there are glaciers here ... 
  it 's sunny and bright in barcelona ... a chilly 18 degrees though !, 
  no we need more people ... 
   even the rotherham guys race and background is n't mentioned to this day on the bbc here let me dissuade you of that `` fact '' that you think you know ... http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-35651366  six people , including three brothers and their uncle , have been convicted of the `` systematic '' sexual abuse of teenage girls in rotherham . 
   brothers arshid and basharat hussain were found guilty of multiple rapes and indecent assaults in the south yorkshire town . 
   a third brother , bannaras hussain , 36 , admitted 10 charges including rape and indecent assault prior to the trial . 
  their uncle , qurban ali , 53 , was found guilty of conspiracy to rape . 
   two women , karen macgregor , 58 , and shelley davies , 40 , were convicted of conspiracy to procure prostitutes and false imprisonment . 
  sure you can sleep in my bike room ... 
  you should visit again ... 
  i 'm gentrifying it as we speak ... 
  there are trees on every road that you can see in the picture, 
  mine is an open plan , there 's underground car parking and a supermarket in the middle of the block . 
  some of the roof have terraces for the flat above . 
  i 'm facing south east so i get the sun most of the day, 
  if you stay in the raval and the gothic quarter then you 're going to meet tourists ... 
  dunno , i was quoting this https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/automotive_industry_in_spain, 
  spain is the second largest exporter of cars in th eu after germany, 
  yes they do n't really `` live '' there , they 're non-domicile , here 's a list that matches somewhat the top part of the rich list that are non uk nationals https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_people_with_non-domiciled_status_in_the_uk, 
  forbes is using the country of birth , the sunday times uses people that live in the uk, 
  they 're not being ignored in the very article that we 're talking about it says that mossos d'esquadra our police force are keeping them very much under surveillance and that they 've had success against plots, 
  it has it 's ups and downs , it 's not all bad , but it 's not all benign either , there are a lot of problems that tourism brings to barcelona along with a lot of money , but the problems are for everyone and the money only for a few . . 
  they 're not in spain, 
  we put nazis under surveillance to and when they break the law they get punished , but until then they 're free to believe what they want, 
  if those things are illegal then they will be dealt with by the correct authorities , but witch hunts have happened here too often , and we wo n't be starting new ones based on hysteria and innuendo, 
  exactly, 
  tourism is a bigger problem than radicalised muslims ever will be, 
  it was below 10 degrees here last night , i had to get an extra blanket,
