  there are more irish bars in catalonia than there are mosques, 
  that 's not true , france has had issues with islamic terrorists from as far back as the 50s and 60s, 
  some of the people on this thread hold ideas that do n't match the `` common european values '' that they 're pretend to be so worried about . . 
  and we still have anti-democratic people here , neither has any chance at power , and i repeat if they do something against the law then they will be punished , until then they 're free to practice however they like, 
  muslims are n't poorly integrated in spain, 
  if and it 's a big * if * these people do something illegal they 'll be dealt with by the police and the courts , until then they 're free to practice their religion however the fuck they want while they 're here either as migrants or as fellow citizens, 
  so what ? 
  where are you ? 
  the hotel is really nice actually , and it 's amazing once the tourists leave on the last train, 
  there 's always snow in spain , we have glaciers as well , not large ones but there is permanent snow , at least for a few years more anyway, 
  that 's their us distribution company ... they sell a lot of the mp5 clones as they are much cheaper than the hk version, 
  maybe they like talk to each other . . ? 
  to add it 's in a hidden valley , there 's no real road access , at the end of the track railway you go through a tunnel every time i 've been there it seems like the whole train gasps . 
  even more this weekend because it looked awesome . . 
  i considered what to put in the title specifically because of the silliness that i knew would happen , ca n't win either way , 
  http://www.militaryfactory.com/smallarms/detail.asp?smallarms_id=943 is their main battle rifle for the turkish army, 
  i did n't say it was a military weapon or a modern firearm . 
  it 's a design from the sixties that has been in continuous use in a very large proportion of the world , it 's neither outdated no outmoded simply because of it 's age . 
  as for fn making the p90 and hk with the mp7 that 's what they do , make new weapons , no company is going to think that they have made the definitive anything , of course there can be improvements . 
  it would tell me that that they 're producing well made capable fire arms , not antique weapons, 
  it 's the us distributor yes but i thought it wholly owned by mke , which as you say is really part of the turkish government ? 
  there was a video on youtube of a factory visit that seemed to confirm this , i 'll see if i can find it, 
  h&k licence the design of their older guns to a turkish company called zenith which make them in turkey for the turkish army and for export, 
  castellano , 
  that 's at nearly 2000m it 's still sunny in barcelona , 
  hola bon dia , not saying hola is considered rude, 
  it 's high in the pyrenees , across the top of the mountains to the left is france . . 
  val de nuria yesterday ... 
  are you an immigrant ? 
  where do you live ? 
  yeah but that one is n't as cool looking as this one https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parc_de_la_ciutadella#/media/file:barcelona_368.jpg, 
  we had one in barcelona which was torn down in the 1800s , it 's now a park and the zoo . . 
  i lived in a flat at the barbican estate , shakespeare tower for a few years , the flats were amazing , no one would ever think about tearing down the barbican ... 
  broadcom have a chip that uses all three and beidou, 
  yes i ca n't see anyone in germany objecting to that . . 
  why bother with german , why does n't germany just speak english ? 
  so it 's not a `` language that no one speaks anymore '', 
  there are 9 million catalan speakers, 
  it was almost a colony of britain in the 19th century, 
  sorry for being the dissenting voice but i much prefer the mies van de rohe barcelona pavilion to anything gaudi ... 
  * ha ha * . . ok it would be disappointing to think that i only had a quarter of my life left rather than half ... that better ? 
  all my grandparents are alive , in their late 80s and early 90s , they 're all pretty active and healthy , one grandfather still rides his bike , i 'd be very disappointed if i died at 60 of anything . 
  network architecture, 
  i got an o1 visa easily enough, 
   i 'm pro eu but this attitude really lets the eu down : countries should want to be eu members for the benefits it brings , not because of the penalties imposed against non-members . 
  you want to drink at the cricket club bar but you do n't want to pay the members fees , then you complain when you 're asked to leave . 
  no one is imposing penalties against non-members , but they do n't get the same rights as members . 
  the rules are very simple . 
  western europe knows the dangers of fascists, 
  we have to put up with eastern european proto-fascists , so i guess we 're even, 
  african , libya is in africa, 
  girona is the catalan heartland . . you should have chosen a better argument, 
  anyone the lives in catalonia and is legally able to vote in elections here will have the right to vote , if they see them self as catalan or not, 
  ooh i 'm scared ... 
  everyone likes a big party . . 
  no but equality is, 
  i 'm coming around to your way of thinking . . 
  human rights , it 's called human rights, 
  which other human rights are you prepared to forgo to satisfy your political goals ? 
  maybe you can come up with a plausible explanation why an mep should be meeting with senior officials of the russian government , outside of his duties to the parliament ? 
  why ? 
  you 've no idea what you 're talking about, 
  and to open a bank account from a foreign country , you have to visit in person , and have your documents translated and notarised , something i did last week , ( in ireland sorry low tax bro ), 
  that 's a whole load of horseshit , voluntary class three contributions are for additional benefits in the future , i.e a top up , your understanding of uk tax law is about as good as your understanding of spanish . 
  the social security fees that you 're talking about for being an autonomo are for you use of health and the welfare system , they 're currently at 285 $ per month , however if you are a new autonomo in the first six months you get an 80 % discount , the next six a 50 % discount , so the amount per year is 1197 $ so a little less than 120 $ a month for the first year . 
  in the uk as a self employed person you have to register for ni , national insurance , the cost of class 2 nic contributions are # 148.2 a year , but if you create more than # 8164 profit then you pay 9 % of the profit up to # 45000 , and a further 2 % on any profits over that amount . 
  yes it could be easier to start a business , but actually it 's in fact not that difficult at all , it takes a couple of days . 
  accountants are certainly a thing in other european countries , and business people do n't get a free ride when it comes to social security and they should n't . 
  also i 'd really suggest you consult a tax adviser , perhaps a superior northern european one , they 'll let you know all about fun things like tax residency regulations , which i assure do n't mean you can have your tech startup in barcelona and pay personal tax elsewhere , they 'll also let you know about tax information sharing that countries do between each other , so yes there are lots of things that the spanish government can do , including embargoing and seizing your assets in spain , and tracking down assets in other eu countries . 
  he 's from asturias, 
   fortune global 500 the top four largest financial groups are chinese , ing is n't in the top 20 largest banks, 
  illuminati joos !, 
  innit !, 
  very high energy there !, 
  and his `` usefulness '' is almost over , and hopefully we 'll never seen his rotten face again, 
  well , it 's not that high , our unemployment benefits are very good , so people pay in for a few years then have a holiday on 80 % of their wages , while also working under the table , social security for employers is expensive , so small family businesses prefer to pay their family cash . 
  in 2007 when it was 7-8 % that was considered full employment . 
  i think it will back fire , no one is interested in further elections, 
  so come on let 's not downplay it , tell us in your own words what `` we '' should do, 
  of course not they 'd have to be mental to move to margate from spain to retire !, 
  how are we `` losing '' ? 
  i agree , although that is the criteria that is set europe wide , i do n't think it 's nuanced enough to consider many other factors , including that gdp is probably under-reported by at least 20-25 %, 
  spain has a lower percentage of it 's population outside of the country than every other european state , so i do n't know how you choose to see that as `` flocking '', 
  yes and it specifically talks about cases where the criteria does n't count and others in the actual article which you 've obviously not read, 
  you should probably read it before denouncing it as propaganda  the data , which was compiled by the national statistics institute ( ine ) in its living conditions survey and  that is why the best measure of poverty may well be the severe material deprivation indicator , which analyzes households ' financial struggles . 
  and this shows that 39.5 % of households were unable to afford a weeklong vacation away from home , that 38.1 % were unable to deal with unexpected expenses , that 15.3 % had trouble making ends meet at the end of each month , and that 8.4 % were late paying their bills . 
  in short , 5.8 % of the population , or 2.6 million people , met at least four out of the nine criteria . 
  the figure improves on the 7.1 % registered in 2013 , but falls significantly short of the 3.6 % recorded in 2008 . 
  https://8values.github.io/results.html?e=74.4&amp;d=78.2&amp;g=76.0&amp;s=87.6 libertarian socialism, 
  i 'm taking a nap :p, 
  you should see that in catalan , 
  more importantly it 's 1-1 in el classico, 
  i 'd have assumed it would be better to go to the biomedical research park ... 
  thanks but i do n't want to think about it anymore !, 
  there 's a minus thirty ? 
  yeah it 's freezing !, 
  i loved it there , an oasis of calm in the big city , 
  rajoy has been pm since 2011 , and in government since 1996 , if he 's responsible for the upturn in the economy , he 's also responsible for the double dip . 
  i also suggest you check the results of the last election , far from `` winning '' you 'll see that the pp is a minority government with less than 40 % of the seats . 
  actually it 's been a bit shit so far , i think about a third of the last month has been grey with clouds , i mean not england grey with clouds , but still grey with clouds , i 've only been to the beach once so far this month !,
