  source ? 
  meat/poultry is expensive in turkey and turkey is more expensive than chicken , sooo ... 
  for picture purposes . 
  my friend is a `` chef '' and he would take instagram photos like this all the times . 
  did n't nazi germany host the olympics ? 
  if anyone hated the gulenist from day one it 's secularists . 
  prof. dr. turkan saylan even predicted these days 17 years ago [ link ] ( https://onedio.com/haber/turkan-saylan-17-yil-once-feto-yu-siyaset-meydani-nda-boyle-anlatmisti-726181 ) . 
  the akp supporters pretend like they were never true friends with gulen and they were merely `` fooled by them '' like they did n't purge the army and police from innocent kemalist officers back in 2013 together . 
  which is funny because years ago i couldnt tell a gulenist apart from a regular akp supporter . 
  ooh ok i thought you meant like 8am to noon . 
  i was gon na say take it easy . 
  be careful man do n't get a heart attack . 
  you eat d\u00f6ner early in the morning ? 
  thats what isis says about the journalists they execute . 
  pretty hard as it has always been . 
  erdogan still did n't manage to win the visa-free travel with europe he promised . 
  people are still desperate to leave turkey and take desperate measures for a green card . 
  we do have visa-free travel with sierra - leone though , that 's a good start . 
  ok , so what if they do n't meet your criteria ? 
  * when it comes to turkey its fuck it throw em to the curb , does n't matter what the other 50 % voted for or how much they sacrificed in the past for un/nato *, 
  does n't cross out the fact that turkey was western-friendly and adhered to secular values . 
  besides , those pogroms were started by only a portion of a political movement due to false reports that the greeks were planting a bomb in ataturk 's home in thessaloniki . 
  let 's not forget that greece itself was a dictatorship at that time and not peaceful either if you want to argue about democracy . 
  turkey sacrificed a lot for the un in the korean war , they hosted us missiles to counter the cuban missile crisis threat , they also participated in nato missions to protect kosovo from milosevic while greece did not want to fight against serbia . 
  tl ; dr turkey did a lot more for nato than greece has and that 's all that matters . 
   funny considering the smaller baltic nations whom are at most risk have consistently kept spending at good levels while bigger ones such as germany have been more than happy to keep spending levels low . 
  it 's almost like germany is taking advantage of the us , while back stabbing their eastern european partners in order to make as much profit as possible trading with russia . 
  so should germany be kicked out of nato then ? 
   further :     stop defending turkey 's ` secularism ' -- it 's been a lie all along   by fr\u00e9derike geerdink frederike geerdink proved she is no journalist when she tried to [ justify a pkk terror attack ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xw7rbsc.png ) so i would n't take an article she writes about turkey very seriously . 
  making deals with russia disregarding any sanctions or concerns other nato allies have towards them . 
  pulling usa out of paris climate agreement endangering our environment . 
  pretending like nato is some sort of mafia insurance where other ( smaller ) nato members should pay up protection money to the usa . 
  actually he always had such plans from the get go . 
  it 's just during the early years of being pm he put outs a more western-friendly face , gave kurds more recognition/rights , and eased undemocratic restrictions on islamic headgear . 
  well that 's what they were saying about erdogan during his early years . 
  when turkey entered nato in 1952 it was adherent to its secular values and western friendly . 
  do n't let this one guy break the alliance . 
  that 's like saying lets kick usa out because they voted for trump . 
  how would you know for sure ? 
  it 's sad that such out of place people can decide what goes on in a country they do n't even live in . 
  i wonder just exactly when they are going to come back to turkey ( if it 's so great ) . 
  because , i know many people in turkey that ca n't wait to get out so maybe they can switch spots . 
  another reason these guys claim to be staying is that the muslims will eventually take over europe . 
  ask them when they are going back to turkey, 
  israel is sometime included in europe ( i.e. 
  uefa ), 
  if this was turkey doing this it would have been top post on r/europe, 
  serbia , latvia , portugal , cyprus , estonia , france , and finland all have corporate looking logos . 
  if someone gave me a ~ ~ dolar ~ ~ euro everytime they said that on every thread about turkey, 
  i hate how out of touch with reality the people of turkey can be . 
  anything bad happening can be turned into a conspiracy about nwo , freemasons , jews , illuminati , etc. 
  and how they are trying to `` hold turkey back '' from achieving it 's full potential . 
  there is not enough responsibility , self-criticism and that search in ones inner self of what is really wrong . 
  there are some people who really think we can take on usa , eu , russia , nato , israel , china all at once . 
  there is also this self centered belief that we have be ** the ** country that saves the muslim world from the misery it is going through today . 
  theres always a search for some father figure/strongman and it 's not just akp supporters i am talking about here . 
  as a person who supports ataturk i always criticized the personality cult surrounding ataturk among kemalist circles for decades in turkey 's history . 
  there is no individualism in turkey . 
  if you support someone , that means you have to put unquestionable faith in them as well . 
   the 10 % in akp were sensible human beings . 
  i wonder what side nesrin ulema falls in that fence ? 
  i think he can manage that since he seems to be pretty smart . 
  in fact one of the reasons he did n't start this right after the rigged elections was because apparently they knew a lot of akp thugs were waiting for them in the streets and the chp leadership was well aware of this . 
  he was also careful as to not make this into a revolution ( i.e arab spring ) because erdogan can use that as a leverage against him . 
  he realized talking with a `` common sense '' tone of voice does n't get heard easily in turkey ,, 
  we absolutely would, 
  well then . . i gues that makes me a slowenian . 
  get it , slow-enian ? 
  yeah, 
  that 's a pretty sick toy car, 
  heyyy , you were in the parking lot earlier so that 's where i know you from . 
  they do in glendale california, 
  are you slavonian or slovenian ? 
  the first one is because he dislikes obama and the second one is because he is scared of trump 's grip, 
  old news , the government stepped back, 
  was n't there a documentary called ` turkish passport ' where he saved a bunch of french jews by giving them passports ? 
  i guess d\u00f6ner kebabs do n't cut your list ? 
  so where are the people that go `` but turkey is not part of europe '' ? 
  that 's what turks say about 1915, 
  most got purged, 
  kinda sucks that you have to post this picture to get karma when turkey actually has a pretty sexy looking parliament to begin with . 
  stay in vienna ... if you 're not financially independent yet then good luck . 
  if i were you i 'd find a job to support myself if you 're keen on staying . 
  iirc , it 's so that people ca n't alter 100.00 to 1100.00 by putting a $ in front of the number . 
  this is also the same reason why cheques will write out the numbers so that it ca n't be altered ( i.e. '', 
  one-hundred dollars ), 
  disgusting , justifying the death of unarmed civilian . 
  this shows she is just a mouthpiece for the pkk and not a real `` journalist '', 
  probably because all the companies that will be affected by the paris climate deal lobby in the us . 
  she looks so badass , r/oldschoolcool material, 
   do that with venizelos in turkey and try to come out alive . 
  it 's ok , you 'll be fine . 
  no one will recognize him . 
  even if they did , didnt venizelos and ataturk become friends after the war ? 
  or hong kong ? 
  yea , tell that to the people who keep asking to ` kick turkey out of nato ' because of erdogan . 
  * i am no erdogan supporter , btw *, 
  you make it aound like he is begging them to stay , though . 
  i do n't think think you read the article , it 's basically telling that turkey could n't less if germany decides to stay or leave . 
  tbf , he has done the most for kurds throughout republic 's history .
