  he , however did not imply what the term today as genocide would suggest . 
  is it because swedish are blonde, 
  it 's because for a long time there were rumors on the internet that coca-cola backwards spelled `` no god , no muhammad '' in arabic . 
  i thought dutch were catholic ... no ? 
  for the most part yes . 
  not that i deny the suffering of armenians in the hands of ottomans . 
  i do n't agree with the term genocide because of the implications that come with it . 
  inaccurate , one side of the history necessary to protect turkish minority of cyprus ironically , it 's better under erdogan but now everyone opposed to him suffers equally . 
  well mehmet is a turkish way of saying mahmoud, 
  i still have suspicions of him . 
  he sounds like a total pussy that 's saying `` look erdogan i am on your side , is n't it great ?? 
  ? . . hehe . . please do n't hurt me '', 
  so chp leader is trying to get votes by losing its secular voter base ? 
  chp can only reach the maximum threshold of around 20 to 30 % and if you look at the map every election their voter base is located along the coastal cities ( izmir being a stronghold ) . 
  our hope lies within the mhp voters and the recent break-up between g\u00fclen and erdo\u011fan . 
  the mhp leader may be a cuck who revealed his true colors but it appears that a lot of their voter base is not giving in . 
  we are also hoping that the islamists loyal to g\u00fclen take away percentages from akp voter base as they used to be pro-akp themselves . 
  then of course there is hdp which we all know will vote no since erdogan chose to appease nationalists for votes rather than kurds this time . 
  edit : grammar, 
  oh my god , i do n't know whether to laugh or cry at this situation right now . 
  but this is n't only turks though . 
  many other nationalities tend to remain loyal to the original country they are from ( or parents come from ) source : i live in canada . 
  i guess it 's because of the knvb that they think oranges affiliate with the dutch culture since turks like soccer so much, 
  they beat us 2-0 in euro 2008, 
  what do you think about secular turks ? 
  depending on how you interpret this . 
  this can actually translate into a threat, 
  him catching a thief, 
  it 's true , also the most proudest countries/nationalities have the least amount of accomplishments to be proud of . 
  thanks , you 're the guy erdogan supporters point at when the rest of us turks try to convince them we can have good relationship with europe . 
  source ? 
  turkey is not enthusiastic about learning english like other european countries source : have cousins in turkey . 
  they constantly ask me how to say this or that in english to chat up tourist girls for years and i am like you have n't bothered to learn english all this time ? 
  europe does n't care if turkey burns to the ground as long as the fire is at a safe distance . 
  so i guess you have your \u00c7omar too ? 
  and you know the saddest part about this story is that i thought fm \u00c7avu\u015fo\u011flu was one of the smartest/sharpest people in the akp cabinet . 
  what does that tell you about the akp ? 
  well i guess we beat our greek neighbours in the baklava wars then . 
  the right to claim baklava as ours is bigger then ever . 
  next up . 
  yogurt, 
  why is turkey always the worst at everything ? 
  ( usually ) smh, 
  that 's why i fucking hate them . 
  these neo-ottomans do n't give a shit about turkey at all and they will be quick to hop on a boat and leave just like their ancestors when the ship starts to sink . 
  i think tff banned seeds from entering stadiums due to health concerns, 
  is it odd that french names remind me of seafood ? 
  if that 's the case then i apologize . 
  however , there is no denying that certain people will have a negative sentiment towards turkey regardless of who is president . 
  thanks for sticking up for us . 
  unfortunately some people will hate us regardless of erdogan being in power, 
  well he does have a neurological disorder after all ... ( nothing wrong with that ), 
  well having indigenous products will reduce our dependence on nato to protect our skies . 
  for example , turkey was criticized for going to china for air defense systems but it was because nato countries kept pulling their patriot missiles out of turkey . 
  what would be better is if turkey produced its own air defense systems it would be so much better . 
  turkey is in nato yet our `` nato allies '' impose weapons embargo on us . 
  as a turkish , i agree ... which is why i do n't blame erdogan for trying to diversify his relationships with those other than nato . 
  hell i 'd go even further and try to produce full indigenous products but erdogan keeps jailing scientists, 
  i like how he has no source for his claims, 
  perhaps there would n't be air attacks if there was no terrorism in the first place . 
   i never said the pkk acts in a justifiable way , they absolutely do n't and kurds have blood on their hands too . 
  but the civilian deaths on the kurdish side , as well as the destruction caused to kurds was much larger , especially proportionate to their size . 
  this could also be attributed to the mere strength of both sides . 
  turkey has a large military capable of doing more damage where pkk is a guerrilla group . 
  hence why we can inflict more damage on them . 
   of course the pkk wo n't change anything with these attacks , and that 's good , this is not the right way to solve a dispute or even fight back . 
  i do n't know what you 're implying here . 
  but these attacks are done to provoke the turkish military into reacting and nothing more . 
  its no different than hamas firing home-made rockets into israel . 
  is it to achieve decisive military victory ? 
  you see , when the bigger force ( israel/turkey ) reacts to terrorist attacks from its opponents ( hamas/pkk ) , people in the west like you have negative assumptions on those countries actions such as war crimes , massacres , or even genocide . 
  this helps these groups in term of propaganda on not only gaining support from local people but discrediting their target country on an international level . 
   sorry if i 'm wrong about this . 
  could you expand a bit more about what the sentiments are like ? 
  some turks i have spoken to just want the conflict to be over , and say they 'd support a kurdistan ( with a different name if possible ) in northern iraq once the conflict is settled . 
  however , some other turks i have talked to said things i would never say about any group of people , they saw the kurds as a pest . 
  i guess they 're just a bit too nationalist and do n't represent the general opinion well ? 
  i ca n't speak for all turks . 
  some are racist , others are tolerant . 
  you can see this on the kurdish side as well . 
  however , terrorist attacks like these only feed the racism and its harder for me , a turk who is tolerant and open minded to convince a fellow turk who is racist that we ** can ** reach a peaceful solution to this conflict through dialogue . 
   from what i know of the conflict it went beyond just banning the language out of fear , it was about denying the existence of kurdish identity . 
  conflict dates back to the birth of the republic . 
  when ` treaty of sevres ' was scrapped so were kurdish hopes for a homeland . 
  you 're right , it can be attributed to the fact that kurdish identity was not recognized by turkey . 
  however , this conflict is much more than just `` kurdish rights '' or `` kurdish identity '' as demonstrated by the peace talks named `` kurdish initiative '' started by erdogan . 
  the kurds want a huge chunk of turkey to be kurdistan ( eventually ) and these are conditions that turkey can not accept for various reasons . 
  in fact , iraq , iran , and syria would not prefer to give land either but unfortunately for them ( syria and iraq ) they are not in a position to challenge kurdistan in their lands anymore . 
   i am german , so i am quite prone to wanting to defend a a group of people like this . 
  i have nothing against the turkish people , but turkey has a history of acting too extremely against minorities ( so do we of course ) , and i do n't think turkish politicians have learned from that . 
  if you want to defend them then denounce the pkk because they are the reason the military has a strong presence in se turkey . 
  they are the reason some turks have negative sentiments towards kurds in turkey . 
  for example , i am a huge supporter of palestinian people but i denounce the actions of hamas and hezbollah . 
  as a turkish , i do n't get offended when people refer to istanbul as constantinople . 
  to be fair we call a lot of eastern european cities in our versions ourselves . 
  why are you betting with me i just asked for the source, 
   this is my favourite part . 
  he buys sex toys from amazon and cheats on erdogan 's daughter esra . 
  when she complains about it he quotes quran and tells her be an obedient wife as islam orders . 
  esra seems genuinely very religious and good hearted woman .
