  well , not saying its right to shut people up for their views but is n't it illegal to reject calling it genocide in greece , cyprus , france and switzerland ? 
  hmm , it just struck me that all the candidates names sound like fish names, 
  that too , now i ca n't dress like charlie chaplin for halloween parties, 
  who is her father ? 
  some sorta nazi or something ? 
  i dunno man , i do n't think erdogan would approve of her anti-muslim/anti-refugee stance . 
  maybe he would since that way he can say `` he was right '' and pretend to be guardian of the muslim world . 
  he might even support her as a means to bring down eu ( since turkey is never going to join anyways ) . 
  yes , but being far-right and authoritarian does n't mean you will be on the same team . 
  for all i know , the saudis are far-right and authoritarian and we see the attitude she gave them . 
  oh man , i remember that elbow incident ... it was actually regarded as `` assault '' with the ndp guy screaming `` how dare you hit a woman ! '', 
  another incident was the word f.a.r.t. 
  being used in parliament causing an outrage for elizabeth may, 
  i hope she does n't turn into hitler if she becomes president . 
  because to be honest , adolf hitler was a pretty bad ass name as well . 
  ( not that i like him or anything ), 
  maybe it 's confirmation bias i have and also i am from izmir ( west turkey ) . 
  so many greeks i met remind me of a family member back home . 
  also why am i getting downvoted ? 
  this sub shows no mercy at all . 
  lol, 
  what would macrons attitude towards turkey be in your opinion ? 
  some turkish officers killed armenians but to say `` turks did it '' ... see where i am going with this ? 
  do n't throw rocks when you live in a glass building . 
  besides , no one is trying to pass the blame on kurds but you also ca n't deny that kurds benefited massively from the forced relocation and expropriation of christian armenians and assyrians . 
  like i said before , many areas of a proposed `` greater kurdistan '' consists of land claimed by armenians/assyrians . 
  also , stop trying to pretend like hiding armenians from deportation was something exclusively kurdish . 
  even pro-armenian genocide documentaries and sources acknowledge that it was primarily a turkish family thing . 
  hence why most crypto-armenians have a `` turkish identity '' than a kurdish one . 
  not saying kurds did n't help , they probably did also . 
  tl ; dr stop trying to re-invent history or cherry pick the parts that favor your view . 
  too bad she will probably not be very friendly towards turkey, 
  the massacres and deportation was carried out by the young turk government and kurdish irregulars according to wikipedia . 
  also assyrians were targeted by kurds . 
  the proposed kurdistan today consists of land also considered to be ancient assyria or armenia . 
  i actually like the name marine le pen, 
  can we stop trying to make this into a greek vs turkish issue . 
  for all we know , the attackers were trying to accomplish just that . 
  i do n't know man , i have n't seen every greek and turks on the face of the earth to be certain but from what i saw they look similar . 
  he was a greek guy i do n't really know , i am just telling you what he said . 
  yes , arguably modern greeks and turks look similar and share many traits . 
  i dont think blonde but more on the light brunette side, 
  actually , i spoke to a greek on the bus and he explained it very well . 
  the ancient greeks were white with blue eyes and curly hair . 
  that 's why a lot of greek and roman statues the person has curly hair . 
  same could be said about ancient turks who looked more like someone from siberia than what they look like today . 
  so we are both just a hybrid of a bunch of races in the region . 
  therefore look alike . 
  it 's true , they 're christian turks . 
  or dual citizenship turks, 
  turkish cypriots ca n't vote for turkey . 
  trnc is a different country, 
  damn , we turks get not love what so ever, 
  let 's face it , even if we do manage to rescue turkey it will just not be the same anymore . 
  so that explains the majority no votes then . 
  in gulf countries and n. america it 's the same since many of them are well educated people . 
  i apologize you got the worst of us . 
  pls accept more tulips . 
   when it comes to me , i try to look at people individually , there is a small kebab shop ran by turks next to me . 
  i feel like i read this numerous times before . 
  does every turk in poland run a kebab shop ? 
  why do they hate turks so bad ? 
  well then ... doner is better than gyros ( since there is different versions of kebab ) relax , i 'm just breaking your balls that 's all . 
  because yogurt is turkish and not greek , 
  slang for backwards uneducated people, 
  happened when trudeau beat harper as well . 
  a wise man once told me , never trust women, 
  he was probably trying not to get caught filming, 
  is n't that what kurds do in turkey ? 
  i heard a lot of girls also fell in love with hitler . 
  i guess power makes you look more attractive . 
  what ? 
  10/10 agree . 
  erdogan is only a symptom of the problem, 
  but it 's pro akp media so they 'll get away with it . 
  from my understanding is these are not the official results, 
  he no-voted, 
  that diamond shape can really be a corporate emblem, 
  it sucks because marine le pen is actually a pretty sexy name . 
  if this was the case . 
  turkey would be in the most advantageous position geographically . 
  according to roosh v turkish girls share similarities to colombian girls . 
  well we are known as the mexicans of europe to some people . 
  you 'd think that canada , us , uk , and australia would make the map, 
  the young turks were still a part of the ottoman empire . 
  ataturk actually had a small rivalry with their leaders but he was just an officer in the ottoman army . 
   i do n't get this bit . 
  ataturk was long dead when this occurred . 
  what has he got anything to do with turkey 's invasion of cyprus ? 
  was n't it in response to greece 's attempt to annex the island ? 
  people always reference cyprus like turkey decided to invade 1/3 of the island out of the blue without researching the history . 
  a bunch of turkish cypriots were massacred by eoka and turkey moved in to protect the turkish population, 
   unfortunately live stock in turkey is fucked up because of goverments stupid politics and importation craze . 
  can you explain how importation messes up the live stock in turkey ? 
  you can argue that we 'd survive the water levels rising ? 
  [ removed ], 
  mehmet or ahmet for turkey . 
  ayse or leyla for females, 
  jean-claude ? 
   you are there to eat meat not bread .
