i live in croatia and i am completely oblivious to the fact somebody here immolated himself . 
  am i the only person who immediately goes for finnish and icelandic words for countries in graphs like this one ? 
  10 things you should know about croatia in general : 1 . 
  almost everyone is corrupt . 
  in the government at any level , everyone is . 
  the ones responsible for tourism are not good at their jobs . 
  we almost lost the filming of got for reasons dumber than a second coat of paint . 
  people are generally lethargic and not interested in stuff like overturning a corrupt government . 
  they 'd rather live a shitty life with a crappy job and miserable paycheck than turn things upside down . 
  because of the incompetent tourism people , you all know about croatia 's seaside only , where there is much more to this country . 
  traffic is god-awful during the summer . 
  if you want the same amount of fun for a fraction of the price , just go to serbia . 
  those people are radically different and much more relaxed and easy going . 
  the summer on the seaside is basically all this country has to offer you , really . 
  some things the modern world takes for granted are either non-existent here or frowned upon . 
  free wi-fi for everyone is slowly creeping in , though . 
  if you want to see croatia , leave the popular , crowded places . 
  go fishing with the fishermen , visit the less populated islands , go hiking to velebit . 
  do n't think that people are n't good hearted and good-mannered . 
  it 's all because of point 3 we 're mostly like that . 
  people in croatia when all is well are generally very welcoming , we want you to come and see this little gem on the adriatic out dads , moms , brothers and sisters fought for until not that long ago ( though some still refuse to let it go ) . 
  we will welcome you to our homes , we will show you everything you want to see and share our knowledge . 
  just please try to remember that for some of us the situation , short or long-term , looks very bleak . 
  wtf i 'm from croatia and have nowhere near 7 mbit/s, 
  who 's to blame ? 
  mr. booze, 
  when the infrastructure was being built , it was being built by the government company hrvatska po\u0161ta i telekomunikacije ( hpt , croatian post and telecommunications ) . 
  the post was then separated from the telecommunications segment of the company which was sold - along with the complete infrastructure - to the highest bidder , which was deutsche telekom . 
  hence , t-ht owns roughly 70 % of all infrastructure in croatia . 
  all hail privatization ... 
  because that 's the prevailing opinion here . 
  not mine . 
   probably just some kid trying to have his 5 minutes in the spotlight . 
  agreed . 
  can confirm it 's pretty much the same in croatia . 
  as long as there are younger generations teaching their kids to hate serbs , croats , bosniaks , macedonians , gremlins , greeks , and cows just because they were themselves simply told that 's what 's supposed to be done ... hardly . 
  which is really sad . 
  there are practically no limits to what we can do together and united . 
  from what i understood , a bosnian croat is a member of the croatian ethnicity living in bosnia . 
  good , good ... now , eu , make broadband legally defined as at least 20/20 and i 'll be happy . 
  sincerely , from the eu member state with the slowest average internet access speed , robogo, 
  ... there was a eurovision contest ? 
  i ca n't help but wonder what would ataturk think or say about the turkey that is today . 
  i really do n't mind ads on a website . 
  it 's when those ads are served in a pop-under window , distract from reading , cover up more than 30 % ( i 'm being generous ) of a page , force me to click something before i get to the content , and the worst : try to install malware to my device , then not only am i going to keep using an adblocker , i 'll also go to incredible lengths never ever to visit your website again . 
  i agree that ads are a form of monetization that helps pay the bills , but some websites are taking it way too far . 
  corrupt governmemt incompetent government government in general, 
  our `` bureau '' for the unemployed is fabricating their stats . 
  it 's almost like a public secret . 
  the thing is , there are maybe 15 % unemployed whose information has n't been removed from the stats . 
  these 15 % are only the people who check in to the bureau every month . 
  you miss one check-in - you get booted out . 
  so then you 're unemployed , but the bureau simply says they have no data on you . 
  no benefits , no help finding a job - nothing . 
  i dare go as far as to say it 's way over 20 % . 
  maybe even 25 % . 
  15 % in croatia ? 
  well there 's a nice bullshit statistic for you . 
  my country ? 
  shit , my country ca n't get its own politics in order , let alone meddle in foreign affairs ... 
  meanwhile in croatia , the pirate party uses its time for posting content generated by others and publishing utopian scenarios of how it should be in our society , instead of creating a solid political agenda and telling everyone about it . 
  as a kid of hungarian nationality living in croatia , it was very weird to see bud spencer and terrence hill speak hungarian . 
  subtitles did kinda help me learn english . 
  what ? 
  latvia is poor ? 
  croatia is the local corrupt bigot who somehow got past the bouncer . 
  that is completely your choice . 
  i still believe their content is pretty good and i always discover something new . 
  netflix works for a multitude of reasons : 1 . 
  for $ 9.99 , i can share my account with my gf so we can both use it at the same time with two different devices and not get banned for it . 
  heck , even netflix asks first who is watching , me or her and adjusts the previously watched shows and the recommendations . 
  it 's stupidly easy to use . 
  pick a show , pick an episode ... and you 're done !, 
  no vpn wizardry , no buffering ( 1080p works flawlessly on our 10 mbit/s adsl ) , no searching for a proper stream , no ads . 
  the official android app and the website work great . 
  chromecast support is one of the reasons why i stayed with netflix after the trial because i can watch super high quality video on my non-smart tv . 
  the content library might not be that big , but god damn it , their original content is right up there at the top . 
  i thoroughly enjoyed stranger things , some of their own documentaries , though the main thing i watch are the star trek and marvel tv shows . 
  when you have quality content that is easy to access and works 100 % of the time , it 's getting really hard to justify pirating . 
  netflix covers almost everything and if they raise the price any time soon , i wo n't mind a bit . 
  oh , and did i mention binge watching ? 
  because binge watching . 
  and we 're all too lazy and complacent to give it that big nudge over the edge it needs . 
  france should now get upset with turkey and demand an apology . 
  to the dutch . 
  everybody jumps queen !!, 
  that 's a big issue in our country , yeah . 
  while croatia is at the lower end of the scale , i am lucky to be living in a city ( osijek ) that does encourage cycling to an extent . 
  almost from one end of the city to the other there are bike paths and lanes , and also the kopacki rit nature park is accessible by bike and really not that far away ( approx 20 km ) . 
  edit : forgot to mention that there is an increase in physical activity over here , but not for health reasons . 
  the changes are caused with high automotive expenses which make commuting by car pretty taxing for an already low salary of the average croatian citizen . 
  basically , people cycle to work because it 's way cheaper , not because they want to improve their health . 
  because hungarian . 
  which phone do you have ? 
  a lot of phones with qualcomm 's snapdragon chipsets have the hardware in them , all they need is a patch ( firmware upgrade ) . 
  when you 're a kid , you do n't give half a shit where your free candy is from . 
  it 's a god damn chocolate , mrs. president . 
  the war was officially over almost 20 years ago . 
  can we just get along and move on ? 
  100 % medical reasons ( phimosis ) , otherwise i would n't have done it .
