  all the thieves ? 
  fake scandinavia ? 
  4th reich ? 
  so fun . 
  no need to downvote , i have nothing against immigration . 
  muslim populaces having higher birth rates is a fact , there are articles about this if you want to see and and why many racist have issues with them . 
  sweden has much lower population than other countries so this would show earlier in statistics . 
  and i did not say it was the only reason i was just wondering if it was a contributing factor already . 
  the muslim immigrants usually have much higher birth rates ... and i do believe single parent households are more common in sweden than in many countries . 
  what do you think the implications for future could be if kurd population is growing in comparison to rest of the population ? 
  but maybe that will stop eventually . 
  old hair was better for kl\u00f6ckle . 
  interesting then how merkel 's stylist ( or merker herself ? ), 
  was savvy enough not to change the hair quickly . 
  it is the pms apartment in downing street ( all the thing you learn when you read about brexit ) . 
  it is not like esperanto will be bigger . 
  but i fully support finnish as lingua franca . 
  i now want to see a ceremony where elizabeth crowns theresa in front of no. 10 or something . 
  it is parliamentary democracy which is very different from the direct one used for the referendum . 
  so to be british female pm you need letters m and t in your names ... 
  i think it would have been smarter to call them something else since people dislike the idea of some one eu president and most do not understand the difference . 
  so i have red people do not like her surveillance advocation but is there anything else big against her ? 
  finland leaving ? 
  as if , the anti-eu party is even part of the government currently that is pro-eu . 
  why not just centre party ? 
  we have that in finland ( however while they are in centre they are more like countryside union which was their old name ) . 
  the newspapers of my country seem to love her since she is a woman ( kind of the way they loved obama for being black ) . 
  does ' t this depend on farms ? 
  farm of my godmother 's keeps them locked entire time . 
  that is true for popularity but the rest of population would become more against it with deaths . 
  where would you think the money would be coming from ? 
  but are there any survivors left ? 
  who would get compensation ? 
  decendants ? 
  armenia ? 
  are either those eligible ? 
  same . 
  which is kind of a shame , we have a lot in common with norway . 
  i would not call agricola swedish and it was his idea to do the translating i am quite sure . 
  but it is damaging for eu give precedent that countries get great deals . 
  nobody is saying they should get expecially bad deals it is britain who wants a better deal other countries have . 
  the poster was saying that even with his/her heritage and look was close to british the poster was still hated , not comparing south africa and britain . 
  it is henry viii you are referring to not vii . 
  i think bernadotte would have been interesting but he might not be the best to represent sweden . 
  well americans feel compelled to tip 15 % ... 
  but wound n't lithuanians want the tourist money ? 
  i think that chart shows the exact opposite and you are probably just looking estonia . 
  why should that really stop him running ? 
  he can not really know who supports him if he does not run . 
  i think this is a excuse . 
  before he resigned there was that article ( guardian i think ) how he would loose if he did not run and looked like not taking responsibility and how he would loose if won and he invoked article 50 since it would be a big disaster and how he would loose if he won but did not invoke it and not keep his promises . 
  i thought he would find a 4th option with somehow loosing the party election . 
  and he found a 4th option but a different one , blame someone else for not running . 
  all european countries have unique traditions and legal systems , europe is not some mass of similar cultures . 
  i have f.lux to make my screen better for eyes in night which changes colors , so kennethdc 's flag looked france to me so your comment did not make much sense at first lol . 
  my favorite summer entertainment , what i would do without reading about it on reddit ? 
  i do not know about euro but finland is not going to leave eu unless the entire thing collapses . 
  the politicians and even the rest of population is too afraid of russia and hope eu would provide some security at least . 
  merkel seems the most competent leader in europe and not like a typical politician . 
  not that i agree with her in everything but her actions are still understandable . 
  eu has issues with executing things , ignoring general populace 's will and some other issues but it is ultimately a good thing and hopefully it continues to get better . 
  leaving would be foolish for any country , the issues should be fixed and not just abandoned altogether . 
  and as a finn i hope eu could provide some security in the future so we would not have to join nato but many countries and people seems rather against common security so probably not officially happening any time soon ... 
  i have studied some law and there was definitely a very light punishment is always better type of emphasis on text books like it was a clear fact . 
  i have noticed it affected my thinking , i did not even notice it at first . 
  the payment of the service is exits however . 
  basically or people did vote remain so how it is strange to believe that these people did vote . 
  or there are small number of vocal young people who say there are screwed . 
  i would suspect those pro-brexit people in reddit are young too . 
  she said other countries where the referedums was ignored did not become very jaded and does not see why this would be any different . 
  person i know thins the government just ignores the referendum like other countries have in the past and just do nothing . 
  she is pretty certain of it so does anyone have counter arguments i can present to her ? 
  i just feel that is pretty unlikely based on what i have red but i am not british and she is and she actually knows more than me . 
  how irritating and this happens often with polls for headlines . 
  the british stuff/populist stuff everywhere ( racism/ignorance/protest votes/old people wanting things to be the way they were in their youth/politicians blaming eu/general pessimism ) . 
  and there is countryside/city divide in our politics still and localization/globalization is looked from this lens often by politicians so the countryside people and politicians are skeptical of what city politicians are up to with eu politics . 
  and there is worry of some eu where we can not get any say in anything but are forced to do what is being said even if it is for our disadvantage . 
  and finland was publicly neutral for long ( even if the elites wanted to get closer to west constantly and slowly but surely succeeded and there was forced russia appeasing and genuine supports from far left for decades ) . 
  people got used to us being alone and neutral and thought it would work forever . 
  and healthy criticism that is maybe poorly directed sometimes . 
  true finns are relevant since soini is actually a really good politician and not some hypocrite and/or a racist like many populists ( government compromise just is necessary if you do not want to stay in the opposition forever but to be a legitimate party ) . 
  and then there is the usual rasicsim/old people want things back to the way they were/ignorange what eu is/establishment skepticism/protest votes , that happen in all countries with populist parties . 
  and the countryside dislikes eu more than usual probably since it sees it as a globalization thing of the city elites . 
  and russians tried to occupy finland ... 
  well if he looses party leadership it would be the best option for him but it would be kind of difficult for him to try to accomplish that while nobody finding out . 
  that is one type of democracy , it is difficult for me to argue since my english is not best with some terms , but direct democracy is not the only type . 
  athens never had real democracy when they did not let the women , slaves and huge number of foreigners to vote , it is impossible for large number of people to vote without some kind of representational type of democracy . 
  it is a from of democracy . 
  i agree , i am sure you can find people who voted remain just because some celebrity said so or they did not want anyone to think they are racist and never even looked what the vote was beyond that . 
  you can make fun of brexist arguments without making fun of the people . 
  it is a form of humour . 
  and this sitsuation is quite entertaining in any case . 
  rest of eu might suffer because of this and there might be other separationist movements , humour is coping mechanism in this uncertainty . 
  there is no reason to down vote . 
  the way everyone i know uses the word this way , words can have different meanings . 
  it is getting drunk in ( men 's ) underwear . 
  i never have heard that `` at home '' was a part of it , my assumption has been that you are so wasted that you take of your clothes . 
  you know stupid stuff guys do lol . 
  maybe because of the automate final spot people do not know the songs as well ? 
  or people are bored of the same countries ?
