well these are questions instead of the usual a country is something . 
  finland used to look like a woman but we lost the other arm and some of the dress in wwii . 
  if every woman chose not to have a child it would be a bigger disaster for the country than if there was no army . 
  that obviously would never happen but women are already performing a service for the country that is nessecary . 
  and the goverment had been pushing people to have more children besides . 
  and no matter how good the job opportinities are comparing internationally it is not like staying out of the workforce for a pretty long time has a positive impact for your career . 
  but since women already have to have children for the nation which bacically takes the same about of time of your life and you loose job oprotunities and pregnancy can be risky it would be like having women serve the country twice . 
  the number in this poll is reported with more detail than usual , usually they are just asking how many people are opposed and it has been 65-50 % the entire time i have been reading news ( i am in my 20s ) . 
  so nothing new , i do not know what finnish redditors have been posting . 
  probably there is lots of young men here that are more pro-nato , women expecially are very anti-nato . 
  this is nothing new , russia has always acted like this regarding finland joining nato . 
  it is bacically the continuation of soviet union disliking when finland were joining different european organizations , it was just the 90s when russia was more relaxed . 
  so it is not really about reality they just hate the possibility . 
  finns usually are good with grammar and maybe chinese just do not hear the horrible accents . 
  could someone make a collection for all countries , i never find these post with search and it would be fun to see all the things said about one country at once . 
  am i the only one who likes belarus ? 
  the alternative looks so boring in comparison as well . 
  creationism is not harming anyone . 
  i believe it is alicia vikander 's character who is the danish girl . 
  it is sad how many old buildings were demolished . 
  and now makkaratalo is protected , so rediculous . 
  i have always hated how tapiola 's crurch looks , did not realise these kind of crurches were a plague in our country . 
  hopefully the rest look better inside than tapiola 's does . 
  they might have been living there but the just called the place a generic term like village instead of having an actual name since back then people did not move a lot ( so people would not maybe ever see another village ) . 
  and there were no written texts and did not need separate names for places and there were no finnish towns before the swedes came , in my knowledge . 
  the cities actually were often named long after the cities had the swedish names so the swedish name was the only one and not just the official one . 
  but most cities were originally named in swedish . 
  i do not think politicians should only answer yes or no to difficult issues . 
  often the people do not know unless having more information of the subject . 
  and if they answer in a way to something but later change their lines people will politically always go back to the original statement that could have been made in a different circumstances . 
  however if he never answers yes or no it is a problem . 
  but not of he does is sometimes . 
  many non-violent rapes occur because the victims or too frightned to fight back since they think they will be killed if they do , and in other cases the rapist makes the victim belive this was their fault/not rape at all so they do not fight back . 
  i would think those could result in worse physological damages since they could get permanently mentaly affected by the fear or the guilt . 
  nobody who knows about holocaust would think after hearing polish death camp that it refers to polish involvement . 
  but people who do not know much about the holocaust such as children , people from countries with less education anf people from in the future if holocaust is well known would think that polish were working with nazis if the term polish death camp is used . 
  i assumed kuningas came form konung somehow but it apparently comes from the original root directly . 
  the president has no say in actual decisons . 
  well he might not get re-elected if he is too controversial . 
  but yes , otherwise he has nothing to lose if he says anything . 
  well he was already lked even when he was actually involved in politics , even if not as much . 
  after recent law changes president bacically does not have any real power . 
  the president still had some after the constitution change in 2000 , but the last of the powers were removed in the change of 2012 . 
  but cant ' t the husbands be occasionally minors as well and it is a case of a arranged child marriage ? 
  those happen as well but i do not know how often , engagement are more common . 
  i believe the older generations were often taught german as third language if they learned a third one ( the second language would be the mandatory swedish ) . 
  finland always looks like that in these comics . 
  this is not about norway and finland being unified in the past . 
  there is just a petition in facebook that wants to give the peak of a mountain to finland . 
  the peak would be the highest spot in finland if finland were to get it . 
  finland already owns most of the mountain , norway and finland share a border . 
  this probably will not happen btw . 
  but it would be fun . 
  regarding which countries finland and norway used to belong to . 
  back in the days of kalmar union in the middle ages all the nordic countries were technically united but that does not really count . 
  otherwise finland was part of sweden for 600 years until the early 19th century when russia conquered finland . 
  finland was an autonomous part of russia for 90 years and then gained independence 1917 . 
  norway was independent at some point in the past i believe but from the middle ages on was part of denmark until in the early 19th century sweden got it ( so during the napoleonic wars sweden lost finland but gained norway ) . 
  norway became independent in 1905 . 
  how could you watch the video if you are in finland ? 
  i am in finland and can not watch it . 
  lots of fish and potatoes . 
  all the basic foods with not much special ways to prepare them , nothing special . 
  except the christmas food , can not wait for christmas . 
  well if you do know that eu has something between 26 and 29 member countries and you would know every one if you bothered to take some time and count it is kind of trivia that you do not remember the correct number . 
  besides when the number is high enough it is hard to humans remember everything . 
  just look at countries of the world quizz at sporcle ( or was it some other quizz ? ), 
  or the states in us and see the presentabele of people who answered correctly . 
  that wound hurt the tourism of estonia , a lot of people go to tallinn for a weekend and used hotels and restaurants and stuff . 
  then again i am sure some some people form estonia are so fed up by drinking finns they could be begging for a solution like this ... 
  so the people who are trying to resale are will get caught . 
  if you say the amount you are bringing is for next 5 years you could much larger amounts are just for personal use . 
  well it might be partially because we keep saying that finland is not in scandinavia and people get confused ... 
  do children in another countries draw flags on independence day ? 
  when i was a kid we felt sorry for kids in other countries that had difficult flags , portugal being one often mentioned with that symbol in the middle . 
  i am from finland so it is just a blue cross so it is easy , so maybe that is why we did that as kids . 
  people are afraid an eu army would mean getting involved in other wars . 
  but that is kind of a risk we need to take . 
  but there should be a campaining for just a defensive force and nothing more , i know people would not nessecarily believe that but still . 
  poland is ok . just look at us , do people think another war with russia would go like winter war . 
  pretty much all of russian 's neighbours have to an extent . 
  well there is a question mark this time . 
  suomi is what we call finland in finnish or suomeksi . 
  just look at the flair of the poster you responded to . 
  but i think there is actually linguistic depate where word suomi comes from . 
  and linguistic depate where finland comes from . 
  but suomi sounds like it comes from suomaa to me but who knows . 
  i would imagine that using two pairs of tires makes them last longer . 
  one thing to keep in mind is that in finland are designed to keep in heat . 
  and it takes time for bodies to adjust to higher temperatures . 
  the walkways are salted and/or have gravel in cities so you could not even if you wanted to . 
  who knows about the country folk . 
  if trump is not elected people stop laughing at america 's politics pretty soon while brexit is a thing for years . 
  however if trump is elected ... 
  you really think it will not melt ? 
  i am negative and think it will melt and snow again many times and there will be ice and wet everywhere and no snow on christmas . 
  russia could be worried nato would use finland as a base of operations anyway . 
  people do not think russia would start a war against finland alone but it would be a part of some other operations . 
  well democracy is the best style of government but the fact that people can so easily change their minds if there is no quick results is lone of the flaws . 
  romantic films do not mean bad .
