  it might be that maximum is mean for neo nazis only and the law was made daily to catch them and rest get some fine for just a warning . 
  i red in a reddit thread that some italians are against using sugar in the sauce and use carrots to sweeten it . 
  is this true ? 
  change the flag or no change . 
  namibia is the best country in the world ... because nami means candy in finnish . 
  that means the country is full of candy . 
  right ? 
  right . 
  it should have been 1889 meter for the year of invention of margarita pizza . 
  i red recently an article about the former lithuanian ambassador to finland saying that she told eveyone when you got independence that you would be in western european level of economy in 5-10 years but it still has not happened because unlike she though poeple did not really come together . 
  it made me sad . 
  good for you you to try to work for your country . 
  up vote for cake inhaling . 
  same here , ski 's were christmas present and now i feel stupid . 
  i mean there is snow here but just enough to cover the ground , i want to go to ski but i ca n't :(, 
  the other way around is pretty common for politicians slo nice to see the other way around once . 
  he has the best healthcare available and both of his parents are very old so he has great genes too . 
  why would he die before her ? 
  unless the syrians keep increasing faster . 
  its not going to happen , norway \u00b4 s parliament did not think it would be constitutional to give away territory or something . 
  well the french revolution was not only violent but could be a bit extreme with need to change everything like with the 10 day week thing so maybe this was a part of it . 
  no and neither are the smokers silly title aside . 
  but the goverment is trying to limit obesity too , there is sugar tax talk for example and other efforts . 
  why ca n't adults buy them ? 
  i do n't know which like them more both i have seen both eat them . 
  well otti is a real word , it means took . 
  the others might look a bit like finnish but y and g are are rare letters that are not used in native worlds usually and you ca n't put the letter a after \u00e4 like you did in the last one . 
  i forgot that her brother and husband died so recently , really it was more than a year . 
  what did she do recently to cause people to search her ? 
  i do n't think world needs more people but the nordics could use more people thats not bad . 
  its not like sweden 's population has huge growft . 
  nordic countries are kind of underpopulated , i think our 5.5 is kind of sad . 
  you can never be thatrelevabt with so little people and so much area is empty ( but i guess most people in sweden live in cities but still it ca n't be worse ) . 
  and there are some countries like lithuania than are constantly loosing people so that is not good . 
  look at the populations of finland , denmark and norway and sweden 's population looks huge . 
  mariehamn in \u00c5land would be best . 
  it is in finland but since it is swedish speaking and has a autonomy its not that tied to finland and it is a bit aside from everything . 
  and since finalnd would be put to disadvantage with the language it would not be too much that the capital would be in finland . 
  we have a very different idea of influental people if you think teachers and a mayor are very influental people . 
  they might be respected and high born but not influental . 
  i was not arguing that finland was treated like a colony but it does not mean finish ever had true power . 
  you should accept that people can differ in opinion without being `` very wrong '' . 
  finland was not a colony and was not oppressed but if you think the finnish nobility had any real influence in swedish court and military system you are mistaken . 
  even in absolute monarchy there are influential people and those were never form finland . 
  and the absolutist monarchy was new during the period we discussed as well . 
  finland was a part of sweden that did not have any political influence so it did not have a say in invasions . 
  i think someone said in a earlier post that some italian nation had invaded so modern italy is put as invader since it is the political successor of that state . 
  but i agree it does not really work . 
  it is just hard to make a map like this so i think that was the reasoning . 
  since even finland lost ( even though it is spoken of as a victory since we did not get invaded but ussr was worried that the allied powers would start assisting finland and they did not want to loose any more resources with the war they did not know they were really close to winning anyway so they ended the war when they got enough land for their immediate goals ) i do n't know why lithuania would have fared better . 
  maybe international recognition might have helped post war lithuania but in the end soviet union has still invaded already and i do n't think the international community would have bothered enough to make them leave . 
  great deal of people would just have died in the war . 
  well she still made to the list , there could be many cases where putin does not keep people waiting , this is such a small sample of his meetings that they must have included her for a reason . 
  but the stream still warms the winds and the entire baltic ocean which warms the finnish coast . 
  it has population over 3 times of estonia 's total population . 
  why would it be ? 
  maybe the lapland is a bit colder but barely anyone lives there . 
  is poland really the only one tl get what russia is up to ? 
  and i wonder if people do n't know anything about finland when cold is so often mentioned or do people really think here is much colder than sweden and norway and such . 
  maybe it is meant to show the uneducated gallic perspective ( but britain should be included anyway ) . 
  there probably have been a ton of intermarriage to slavic and estonian people but not that much at all to finns so the gene pool gets `` dilluted '' of the finnic genes over time . 
  finland is geographically larger so there is less interaction to other ethnic groups on average . 
  the second one was in my lukio history school book . 
  and there was ton of other cartoons that were in english , probably form uk as well . 
  my top 3 : italy , us , greece, 
  japan and china ? 
  there is no serious discussion because these days nobody ( or at least the politicians ) really wants these back since the areas are really poor . 
  and people do not wish to provoke russia . 
  but there has been some discussion that the areas should have been asked after the fall of soviet union . 
  but there is a lot of nostalgia about karjala really since it was important historically and a lot of poeple are decended from the people that had to be relocated form there after the war . 
  but porkkala was got back in the 50s it was only rented anyway but it was supposed to be for 50 years . 
  i am a finnish tatar and we used to call ourselves turkish since nobody knew tatars and those who did had negative association . 
  it is a poor decision for all of them to be called presidents , it makes them less memorable . 
  however if only one of them was it would be a issue as well since it would make that position sound most powerfull . 
  i just think she is not good with fashion period . 
  but who knows , she was not famous before they got together . 
  well honestly trump seems to have a face that pretty much always looks strange if he makes an expression . 
  him looking straight ahead are the most decent pictures of him and i have seen plenty of those . 
  i did not notice the / s first and i got worried about the upvotes . 
  you can be close to people you know in finland . 
  and public saunas are huge so you do n't need to be close with strangers . 
  thanks !, 
  i know this is really off-topic but i have to say how gorgeous the dresses look . 
  common law originates after the fall of western roman empire . 
  i guess finland is cheating then . 
  swedish is official language and i do not think we would be otherwise so high if it was not counted . 
  i have heard that danish is swedish with a potato in your mouth . 
  these oldes people types say whatever things for their secret , i have red many say cigarettes for excample so i do not think what they say is really a secret , just some habit they have . 
  on the other hand she has seen a century with the most thecnological , social and economic advancement in human history . 
  finland is a republic . 
  ptolemy was one of alexanders generals who later became the ruler of egypt so it is not egyptian name . 
  it is also that many places are in old fashioned language so you do not immediately think old the meaning unlike when translated to simple language . 
  are saunas really common in latvia ? 
  almost everyone has one here in finland , how common is it for you ? 
  probably you did not miss much , the food here is not that great . 
  the christmas food is great but i think you need to get used to it , mainly because it looks strange , kind of hard to explain what it is but i love it . 
  and then there are some great desserts and finnish candy and ice cream are great , i hope you bought those . 
  other than that there is just salmon soup , mashed potatoes and other boring stuff which i assume you had at some point . 
  the seasoning and dressins here are never great . 
  if everyone gets special deals without being a member everyone would leave and eu would fall apart .
