  oh i have red a lot about caesar , actually i am just in middle of reading some which made want to comment really . 
  people kind of think ancient roman issues and modern ones are the same so often . 
  for example extra history has new videos about gracchi brothers and while they are great there are some much people commenting how this is excatly like modern american politics ( which the videos kind of engourage ) . 
  i am just a bit tired of the modern comparisons that is all . 
  times have changed a bit since then so i do not think it can really be called the same thing . 
  its tradition !, 
  make a polandball comic out of this . 
  what if you had brand new computer that can not use your search history ? 
  really ? 
  russia when they first gained independence before wwii . 
  i guess it depends on country what swim shorts are called and if speedo is used as general term . 
  you are arguing from a idealist perspective where social changes happen with public encouragement . 
  but the reality is that there will be actually some women who wo n't be able to attend beaches in near future if this continues , peoples lives will be affected for a ideological hope this will eventually have an effect . 
  so allowing burkinins is practical outlook . 
  and they are already living in society where the morals are different , changing some rules might not have any effect in the end . 
  and this is not a pool where other people are affected , it is a beach where only these women are affected supposedly for their own good . 
  tight fitting short are common in many places and not just france and using word speedos is inaccurate since they are more rare and revealing than shorts and make it seem like this is something else than just ban on beach shorts for hygienic reasons . 
  beach shorts are banned in pools in finland too . 
  people covered themselves up in europe 100 years ago , it does not mean people were forced to do so . 
  well there was reasons but neither party acted that well and it was a huge deal and my main point was that communist winning would have lead to end of democracy almost certainly . 
  nordics really have not rejected estonia , it is more that they have not funny tried and are a bit ignored . 
  in internet it is a bit of a joke . 
   even we had a failed ( badly planned ) faschist coup and a civil war prior regarding communism ... 
  then why not people who live in \u00c5land should not learn finnish for the same reasons it would be helpfull to learn swedish in nordic ? 
  why is english not mandatory in finland and many other countries when it is so nessecary if this is about practicality ? 
  in finland english is what most people learn first ( like probbaly in sweden ) like the other poster said . 
  and while swedish could be usefull in today 's world there are so many other languages that would be much more so , it is very unlikely that any finnish would learn good enough swedish in school to be able to manage in denmark or norway at all anyway with it , most barely can speak basic swedish after school any many and forget it quictly . 
  those interested could learn it anyway . 
  my main point is that not even finnish-swedish politicians advocating it remaking mandatory use this argument really . 
  it is just so the services for swedish-finnish could remain at better level with people in service professions can speak to them in swedish . 
  since ( if you discount \u00c5land ) practically swedish-finnish ( at least not elderly ) can speak finnish just fine , the swedish-finnish are about 5 % of population and most finnish forget nearly all their swedish and are not in service jobs anyway this is not really nessecary . 
  it is not like any people would not voluntary seek to learn swedish or anything like that . 
  but for people who are not good at languages this is burden ( you bacically have to learn english in modern world already , two languages are not easy for many and third one during school really hard so those are the two languages most learn ) . 
  the same for excample those who live near russian border where that would be more usefull to learn russian and where few swedish-finnish live ( certainly not those who can not speak finnish ) . 
  so this is not a practical issue even if it can have some practical benefits . 
  i was not arguing anything , i just never heard of the terms , i do not think they are videly used at all . 
  i have heard finnic i belive a couple of times . 
  no direct translation in finnish at all however and i never connected finnic having something to do with baltic . 
  i do not think i have heard baltic finns ever being used . 
  i do not think they care at all what mainland finns do really about something like this . 
  and they are not forced to learn finnish , that just shows how mandatory swedish is just a remnant of it being a language of the ruling class in the past rather than being about anything practical or equal . 
  you had a queen ? 
  high cost with not much benefit ? 
  what is in finland worth taking over truly ? 
  the military strategy of finland is to stop the attack as long as possible to make the invasion too costly for russia to bother . 
  there is plans to destroy infrastructure and continue fight on other places if nessecarily , not just in front lines . 
  but of course if they really wanted they could eventually if they were focused on it . 
  but same can be said for many countries , countries just do not bother invading others if there is no really good reason unless it is very easy . 
  military conflicts do not appear in vacuum but depend on many factors , the political blacklash would be there even if finland was not in part of any organization and there are other ways to force finland do something that full costly invasion . 
  there is saying in finland that swedes fight to the last finn . 
  swedish bias against us . 
  what immigration numbers from other countries look ? 
  should you consider having more refugees ? 
  i do not think they are trying to say nothing will change but just pain a possible worst outcome . 
   for a special need , like russia invading finland , yes \u2764, 
  yes if it would be defensive purposes only for the member countries ( all other answers with this ) . 
  no during peacetime , yes if some crisis . 
  yes yes yes nothing well airforce but my eyesight would not be good enough . 
  logistics maybe . 
  this is a list of foreing born people listed by countries goverments . 
  so are you saying people lie in what country they were born in ? 
  that is pretty different from claiming roots . 
  if you are a member of eu you need to pay . 
  do n't they teach in uk you need to pay to be part of organizations with membership fees that give you benefits ? 
  you need to use article 50 or pay like everyone else . 
  i wonder what had happened if turkey had been let in to eu . 
  sure they had a lot of issues so they were not ready but i feel this would not have happened in that case . 
  they could be at least be white or something . 
  you should not feel gloomy and unwelcome when you worship or have no real differences to office buildings so they do not feel anything scecial . 
  it is quite beautiful and fitting for official and timelesson buildings but does lack a but of charcater . 
  humility is how we rationalize things like these . 
  of there is no reason for such ugnilees how can we cope ? 
  well i mean maybe it is nicer when you are not on a boring school trip already and it does look more polished and grand in a way inside , it jsut looks plain terrible outside . 
  but it is still bacically the same and not good . 
  that is the point . 
  they are the ugliest ones in finland . 
  there is actually some nice wooden ones here , nobody likes these . 
  it did not really put you in cristmas/easter mood when you went there as a kid ( with school group ) i can tell you , it is such a gloomy grey building inside too . 
  i live next to the one that one that says tapiolan seurakunta . 
  and it is as ugly inside . 
  i do not know what people were thinking when designing these . 
  hopefully things will turn out ok . 
  becoming a martyr and inspiring people to fight ? 
  he said that may was pro-remain initially i believe at one point . 
  well there were tons of thing like women are are harmful in a army since men do not let them die and women are more important reproductively ( when that works only in theory with no monogamy ) and they imply that women should not fight and stay home and have babies . 
  thanks , 
  is there some list of countries that have been invited ? 
  i feel you could be persecuted if it was considered a threat but if people would look at it as a parody then not ( but i do not know netherlands law ) . 
  but surely there are other brexiters that could have been appointed . 
  this job requires diplomatic stills mostly which boris is not know for and his reputation internationally is not great . 
  i have tried but there are some jars that do not allow the knife go under to lift it to give it air . 
  but women actually ca n't open jars well , it is because the fat and skin on women is different or something that red ... or at least i ca n't open anything ( i have had one jar unopened like a year ... ) . 
  i doubt finnish would be in the mix so we would be at disadvantage ... 
  as long as we are not forced to speak swedish again i am fine with it . 
  brexit is the main comedy show of my summer , incredibly hilarious , unpredictable with all the nonsense and new episodes almost daily . 
  i am just worried all this will cost everyone in the end ... 
  it is not like it is down much , i would say it is still clearly the norm . 
  total fertility rate has nothing to do with how much sex people have these days but with levels of how much having a children costs , the levels of contraseption used , how educated and how much women work and is the goverment and culture pro-children . 
  so you can have your opionions on circumsision but saying it affects how much children people have is silly . 
  this is the funniest one ever , i laughed out loud so much .
