  i just think it 's funny how all have population over 5 million . 
  sweden needs to send 5 million people to iceland to make nordics cute with equal populations . 
  i personally would prefer the moon to bottom of the sea but to each their own . 
  scandinavia is the group that is about language . 
  noticing that the subreddit is is currently really extremist is not living in a bubble . 
  i do n't . 
  there is a ton of opinion based downvoting and unusually large number of right wingers there right now . 
  `` jesus party '' is called christian democrats and they are conservative socially like with alcohol ( i have not heard any anti immigration stuff for example ) but otherwise center party . 
  the most famous ones are often used in history books to show the feelings of the time . 
  that is probably really far north and in the woods , i have never seen anything close to that in the south even if in the woods . 
  trousers ? 
  he would be horrified , romans did not wear those barbaric things . 
  sure . 
  but i was exaplaining why i hate them anyway and there should have been options to making them . 
  the nice old buildings were for the rich sure but it does not mean they are any less nice or less a part of history or that people just walking by ca n't get any asthetic benefit form them . 
  but maybe i am really against tearing them down because in finland we do n't have many of them and in places where they were replaced by new ones it was done in a very ill fitting way often . 
  if the cities were full of them i might feel differently . 
  it 's that a lot of old buildings was torn down which is the tragedy . 
  and it 's annoying many still like these style of buildings and they are cheap so there are ones similar still built even if not quite as simple . 
  it 's not like those are used in casual talk . 
  is n't tumblr one of the most positive places regarding non-white people ? 
  people who think it 's good or bad thing seem to say this . 
  having an eu army does not mean the national ones neens to be removed . 
  and do n't many people buy tabloids just for gossip/sports and ignore the serious stuff ? 
  i meant that in italy there is a porn star but in europe it 's the trademark . 
  it 's about a cosmetics brand . 
  the porn star is just a better story so it is repeated more . 
  well the usual airport stuff etc. 
  the terror tactics really wo n't work if there is no response . 
  if they killed some local military or government authorities they could win by massacres alone but terror tactics are different . 
  they want to generate fear for there to be huge hatred against muslims by the west so they get more muslims radicalize and join them . 
  that does not mean there ca n't be safety measures but if they really are able to change society they will win . 
  uk does not use the euro and i think it 's should be more about convention than grammar . 
  so maybe we should ask the irish ? 
  or people form malta . 
  fun fact , manzana originally comes form the name of gaius matius who was caesar 's friend . 
  here is a great article about him http://annourbis.com/common-people-of-rome/commonpeopleofrome_gaius_matius.html, 
  it 's because the financial criticis and spain being in trouble then . 
  maybe they are older and prefer to stay at home , i am from helsinki area and dont see young obese people often . 
  i thought it looked a bit different . 
  love the walls but the carpets on the floor make it too much . 
  you could do modern but have better furniture . 
  but its not bad exactly . 
  it said you can put it in a microwave so i did and it did not improve the taste . 
  i just opened one package that was in the box so maybe i should try toaster if that 's is what you are supposed to do . 
  there is difference between correcting the myth that `` people in middle ages died at 33 ! '', 
  and saying that people in antiquity routinely lived to their 80s . 
  some certainly did but it was not the norm , kind of like today in some countries with poor healthcare and poverty . 
  i bought a little while ago pop tarts since i wondered what those really were and i still do n't know . 
  they tasted like some diet food mixed with cardboard . 
  eu ca n't even get a defensive strategy together , there is nothing in place to prevent members countries slipping into dictatorships by using military means . 
  nearly none of the swedish speaking finns have the immiade connections and ca n't trace their ancestry to sweden . 
  you are speaking of a theoretical possibility when we have facts of the numbers and and opinions of the minority . 
  people who have one parent form elsewhere is a different thing and can be from many countries . 
  and in this case it 's not , it 's not might questing after hundreds of years . 
  because it 's ridiculous . 
  you are bacically saying that austrians are germans because they speak the same language and ethnically the same . 
  they do n't self identify as swedes , we would know if they did . 
  if you have one parent form other country or grandparents this might be true . 
  but if a group has been living somewhere for several hundreds of years it 's a language and genes . 
  it 's not like they were compeletely segregated form other society and many have finnish ancestery too . 
  \u00c5land is one thing but i would call even them swedish . 
  let 's make everyone sing in latin . 
  people understand a bit and it 's a beautiful language ... 
  i am joking but i think some special year with like this or english singing in welsh etc would be fun . 
  there are some entries every year in other languages . 
  it should be higher numbers but i think people should have freedom . 
  however one year where everyone has to use their languages and u.k.needs to use welsh or scottish and ireland gaelic ( and australia some aboriginal language i guess ) would be fun just for change . 
  but i guess then some french speaking country would win , those countries has the second most wins during the language rules ... 
  i think it 's because sweden has success so you can care . 
  people ca n't admit here to care and honestly is when you do n't even get to the finals you eventually do n't ( after we won people cared briefly but it 's now the same as before ) . 
  when you are writing in a foreign language you do n't directly translate word for word , at least i do n't , so there would n't really need to be equilevent in your language to use the word . 
  i do n't think my language does exactly . 
  i do n't mind adds , usually i do n't even see them , and many sites i like depend on them to revenue so i do not wish to hurt them . 
  but sometimes it 's annoying when you get the same ads all the time which gets grating . 
  using latin everywhere should become a thing again lol . 
  it was n't that big , the map is simplifying by putting all the people not under swedes or russians directly as sami dispite finns and related people 's and such living there . 
  i heard term was n't even used until the 50s . 
  it does not matter regarding if the title is objective however . 
  and you know clearly this subreddit is pro-europe . 
  it was just supposed to be once but they returned and now are there permanently i think . 
  the thing is that nobody is pressuring models to be obese . 
  the few obese models are because of the consumer demand to see clothes on similar body types . 
  however the dangerously thin models are pressured by their agencies and people who hire them to be so . 
  models with a bmi of 14 ( when 18 is the lowest of healthy ) are typical and the models are forced to starve themselves for a career . 
  i like to think he was looking forward to this event for a long time and made sure he had a matching tie . 
  there are plenty of genosides in history talk are not talked of you ca n't discuss them all in lengt ( but it should be mentioned how common they were ) . 
  the holocaust was huge and it had consequences and is pretty recent ( there is still survivors still alive ) so it should be discussed . 
  there are plenty of genosides in history talk are not talked of you ca n't discuss them all in lengt ( but it should be mentioned how common they were ) . 
  the holocaust was huge and it had consequences and is pretty recent ( there is still survivors still alive ) so it should be discussed . 
  well it 's a matter of taste what you think is good songs but jenni vartiainen and anna puu are popular singers currently who are my favorites . 
  miss\u00e4 muruseni on ja c'est la vie ( its in finnish despite the title ) are good examples of their songs . 
  i dont really know what most think of levan polkka , i assume people think its kind of charmining old fashioned song . 
  maybe a bit of `` country '' and a bit similar to kids songs . 
  where did you heard of it ? 
  it has nonsense words in middle and its in a dated northern dialect but you can still undertand it fine apart from a couple of words . 
  oh i loved that one but generally our songs are terrible and lordi was hardly a conventional winner . 
  it 's mecanter projector but the rest of the northern countries like greenland do n't look too large so the map itself is n't mecantor . 
  i ca n't believe we won eurovision either . 
  i guess moving also makes you grow larger .
