  is there one like this for women as well ? 
  well it kind of was but i did not feel like giving a lengthy explanation because otherwise you can get the impression that finland just does whatever russia says . 
  i honestly do not know . 
  i can not see what russia would gain annexing any part of finland , we do not have oil , gas other resources russia would be interested in and neither much ethnic russians ( well they are among largest minorities but it is still very little , nothing compared to eastern european countries ) . 
  but we would be helpless against russia and if the tensions against russia got bad i am quite sure it is much too late to join nato . 
  but i guess i am mildly negative like most of the population probably . 
  not , it is just nato , it is not cold war anymore . 
  there was just newspaper who published that russia newspapers has been writing that it was a huge controversy in finland to make it seem finish public had an issue with it but that is not the case . 
  of course people are annoyed and concerned but finland spend the entire cold war period of appeasing russia and moving slowly towards the west . 
  so there is a tradition of taking russia 's opinion into account . 
  but trade relations is more immediate concern for many . 
  well their behavior might have worked , there are people in finland worried of russian 's reaction and that is why many do not want nato . 
  i am annoyed him not voting but bribery would not work , and i most certainly was not interested enough to use my own money , and you know bribery kind of is the opposite reason why i wanted him to be interested in voting . 
  my brother could not be bothered to vote and it would have been his first time now . 
  i tried to get my parents nag at him but they felt it was not their responsibility since he is an adult and he did not lisen to me . 
  you can see the finnish one too that has the lightest colors . 
  there are no medieval hovels around , only the best built buildings from that period are around . 
  and lol at coffins . 
  actually it all of eu should be blue ... i maan it would fit better with the flag . 
  well i meant that it 's not independent , it is hard to word it correctly but thanks for the correct term . 
  yes but gibraltar is part of uk . 
  nobody mentioned uk government . 
  i think the color region thing was to distract us . 
  i do not know how they are not left leaning , what about their stances on gay rights , environmentalisim , multiculturalism , usa , israel , and i do n't recall any conservative fiscal policy either . 
  i am not saying they are far left , i was comparing them to ilta-sanomat and iltalehti regarding these issues and their editorials . 
  iltalehti and ilta-sanomat do n't have really agendas at least with political parties ( i would say helsinging sanomat more clearly has a bit of a agenda with being a left leaning , those two just want to sell not influence opinions ) and i do n't think they are nearly as bad as some people make them out to be . 
  i do n't imagine that neither us or russia is as interested in australia as they are about europe . 
  if europe does not stay united it 's easier for foreign powers to use their influence to their own adventage . 
  and this is about future , economically asia expecilly is just getting stronger . 
  you just need to use good moisturizing soap and moisturize your hands occasionally too . 
  i have never heard of that twice a day time either . 
  did you know men used to essentially wear skirts during antiquity in the southern regions ? 
  you probably still touch dirty things while in the bathroom . 
  if you use water why not soap as well ? 
  i think it 's ridiculous to be honest . 
  something is marginally known outside of finland and regardless if anyone here knew or cared it will be on coffee , stamps and a `` national pride '' . 
  talks something about need to get validation from the world . 
  eqypt was a client kingdom for a while and annexed during a transition period from republic to empire after the civil wars so i would not count it for the later . 
  eqypt was a client kingdom for a while and annexed during a transition period from republic to empire after the civil wars so i would not count it for the later . 
  eqypt was a client kingdom for a while and annexed during a transition period from republic to empire after the civil wars so i would not count it for the later . 
  eqypt was already a client kingdom really and annexed at transition period from rebublic to empire , i really would not count it for empire . 
  roman empire did not expand much , most of the expansion was done during the republic and the borders shown here lasted for a long time . 
  it 's the weather that makes you depressed . 
  if you lean how to stay inside and turn on the lights you can cope during the time when there is no sun . 
  we usually are in the top 5 . 
  i think its funny how much that is used . 
  it took me a long time as a kid to be sure how long it has been that constantinople became istanbul when people are still calling it constantinople . 
  charles has two really old parents so good genes and the same level of healthcare than them so he is going to forever too . 
  what was the discussion in 2014 around the topic ? 
  were people seriously afraid scotland would leave or were people not taking the possibilily that seriously . 
  the financial crisis is over . 
  so if there had been a decade of growft there could have been more optimism in the future and the oldest generation voting would be come so a boiling point would not be quite reached . 
  he will hope to be forgotten at least and that is why he quit when he did . 
  the climate was cooler it is believed during that period . 
  drunk people in the middle of the day are hardly ok . 
  i would not call that leading . 
  did the law that gave the right to women mention race ? 
  because that would relevant regarding this issue . 
  but i assume it also gave theorically the right to all women but was not enforced . 
  i suppose that could be true . 
  here is an article in english i found if you are interested . 
  have you ever seen cheerful people during the photos from this era ? 
  well then us did not achieve universal suffrage until then . 
  but i was under the impression there was a law that gave the right earlier but it was not enforced . 
  i just watched selma , i am clearly an expert now . 
  is there a medical reason why they ought to be ? 
  my dentists never have said they need to be removed . 
  the article said her teeth were not advanced so i assumed it was like mine and that she had them but they assumed she was a teen because they did not show . 
  i dont really know how the dentistry has affected my wisdom teeth , i mean i did not mean they were removed , i just have not got them yet . 
  this is an old picture , she is about 5 already . 
  no , women 's most used methods of drugs is more likely to fail than guns that men use . 
  women own less guns so they are used less . 
  how so ? 
  i am finnish and do n't know anyone with those cheekbones , nose or lips . 
  she could your great , great , great ... greatgrandmother for all you know !, 
  why would she have bad skin ? 
  no modern pollution , poor diet , smoking , alcohol or make-up that could affect her skin negatively . 
  only negatives are she could have is stress that modern people have too , lack of facial options and outdoor life but unless the conditions are terrible outdoor life is not really bad for your skin . 
  strange how the guessed her age based on wisdol teeth , i am 25 and i have none . 
  usually i have seen said that 6 million is the minimum . 
  but i am not an expert . 
  spain seems to have had big increase but they did not have much previously . 
  i would not call it heroic when you are profiting but i would say that he could have been a nice guy anyway . 
  but he might not have been . 
  you can exercise and be overweight . 
  maybe many people have dogs and go long walks with them or something . 
  i have started doing my internet time while i am on a indoor bike so its not as much of waste of time . 
  i mean it would be a graveyard without battles too . 
  and its kind of frustrating to me how much guesswork is involved on archeology . 
  where are you from if you never hear it ? 
  i think simppeli itself is not used much if you say simppeli\u00e4 or simppelisti or some other form of it its more common ? 
  its kind of a wierd word . 
  but its still not really what you would use in a written language . 
  and disney comics ( i know they are originally from us but made pretty much made and red by europeans now so they are pretty european ) . 
  germans sure has high opinion of themselves here . 
  i suppose whoever becomes the president after trump will win as well . 
  not uncommon for finnish elites of the past . 
  there is a polandball comic that is similar and great . 
  finland was not part of soviet union but russia earlier . 
  i do not know about this issue but just because a sentence has a maximum of 3 years it does not mean it is used .
