  it is because indie films will never have a wide release . 
  but i did say in that subreddit that it still needs change and was downvoted as well . 
  sibelius is a composer . 
  the jews fought during the civil war on caesars side against optimates that had been pompey \u00b4 s side . 
  caesar made pro-jew laws after this . 
  http://www.jewishencyclopedia.com/articles/3886-caesar-caius-julius this does not mean caesar loved jews in some particular way , he rewarded all his supporters . 
  when i clicked the people they listed english wikipedia and other wikipedia , but maybe i misunderstood how it worked . 
  but the point was that when you are under the age of consent you can not legally consent even if you would say so . 
  i wonder how it was decided that caesar goes under politician and not military personnel . 
  i would put him under politician too but i wonder in general how these kind of things would be decided . 
  well he was pretty pro-jew so i ca n't say hitler would approve . 
  it is hard to assign countries for some . 
  especially with royalty the origins and culture can be so different from the local population but their families have lived there for centuries like with cleopatra who was macedonian greek decent but ca n't be listed as greek after so long and ruling egypt . 
  so listing people by where they lived seems the most simple when you do it for everyone . 
  does not make kant any less stupid but in the end what did spartacus has to do with that region of today anyway and we are not even really sure he was thracian . 
  but jesus is a prophet in islam so he is not completely unimportant there . 
  same here . 
  why i sill keep learning new horrible nazi things ? 
  how depressing . 
  i think the posts and articles in r/suomi can be very interesting but the comments just seem so cynical and predictable i do not feel like reading the comments much even though they can be interesting too . 
  i would support this if it meant healthy foods could somehow be cheaper . 
  i would like like to pay less for a salad in a restaurant than a bigger meal , now they are as expencive . 
  there must be some taxes that have an effect on those i think ? 
  but not an expert on how food is generally taxed . 
  i so want them the delay one day and invoke it in april 1st . 
  knowing is one thing but when you see iceland in game of thrones it becames more interesting to see . 
  but comparing history and game of thrones thing is pretty silly . 
  at least if it is not something clearly related such as war of the roses . 
  maybe people eat fast food and not traditional meals . 
  they have a police too , not just swiss guard . 
  more like the rich there need their possessions protected . 
  same here ... 
  same here . 
  norway and iceland are not light grey . 
  just because they are not the first results necessarily it does not mean these are not searched . 
  and they are illuminating and funny anyway . 
  i mean if you google stuff related to europe and visit here google might think you are . 
  would you complain if you were ? 
  i guess people who want to know why rome fell google that . 
  german is obsessed with eu i guess , or the poster is , do n't personal search results affect this ? 
  are you planning on joining ? 
  why would a baby care ? 
  those are padded too you know and not some random boxes . 
  replacement better be good after we were hyped up in such a terribly cruel fashion . 
  setting an example for future leavers maybe is the motive and not hate or what you seem to think ( i did not pick that option , just guessing . 
  i am the only woman to take this test it seems . 
  explains some things maybe lol ... 
  no he was not . 
  just because he was raised catholic it does not mean he ever was one , he never practiced as an adult . 
  i know but some people are kind of unthinking or believe some kind of abstract consept of a god rather than a personal god ( it is kind of convinient to pick and choose what is a sin but still keep the consept ) . 
  after all there is no real right and wrong if you do not believe in anything like a universal justice excists . 
  some people just think some things are right and some wrong based on their upbringing despite not believing in a personal god and never think about it further . 
  just because people in your circle think differently and other people are not vocal about their thoughts it does not mean opposing opinions do not excist . 
  this is expecially an opinion you would not be vocal about if you are only middle against it and do not care to bother other people . 
  pretty sad . 
  where did you move ? 
  it wo n't be this cold in southern finland . 
  also welcome . 
  turkey used to be a part of roman empire . 
  fast for a lawsuit . 
  or was it not even found to have a legal justification ? 
  but the british public did vote to leave . 
  in a vote like this is the result that counts not the opposition . 
  everyone knows that not all brits voted to leave but this was the result of democracy . 
  it is not an insult , sometimes countries policies just have to be generalized for simplicity . 
  thanks . 
  it was so clearly stupid . 
  where that gif if from ? 
  i see it everywhere . 
  i think this sub as more serious polandball . 
  ilves had the best name . 
  that makes it sound like whole cities were torn down , not exactly the case but i think you were just referring to when a lot of old buildings were torn down for practicality . 
  i think it was 60s and 70s more than 50s . 
  and finland never had that much old buildings with old town areas to begin with so it was worse than it might have been elsewhere . 
  well at least there is some nice jugend areas and wood houses . 
  i wish finland had more old buildings like these . 
  i think it might be for hospital emergency . 
  because we are safe when we interact via internet . 
  in person ... 
  because finns use most black hair dye in the world ... and because most blond children became dirty blonds . 
  1st june 2017, 
  why should a country that is not in eu get the benefits of being in eu but avoid all the responsibilities ? 
  everyone would leave in that case and then the system would collapse and nobody would have benefits . 
  but surely he is one off those who will get most of the blame if brexit goes wrong ? 
  i honestly wanted uk to do well in eurovision this year so they would be less likely to have bad feelings regarding europe ... 
  but ... i do not see mexico anywhere ... 
  i think it is nice to have countries join , hopefully bosnia will be alright with regulations however . 
  who ? 
  i did not hear about this . 
  i do not know , not only did many people die with out children entire groups could die in genosides or famines so not even defendants of close cousins are nessesarily around . 
  you can not ignore new testament when talking of christainity , you misunderstand eveything completely if you think you can just read the old and get the full picture . 
  it might not make sense to you things are changed from old testament but that is the case . 
  go to the bible schoolar subreddit ( i ca n't remember its name ) or somewhere else of you want more info . 
  shame that people are not able the search the information easily themselves in this era with easier than ever information available in the internet ... 
  i was not really bored with you , i just in general wanted to make one comment to point this out since i have seen stuff like this so much and i disagree a bit . 
  i can undertand you just fine . 
  but do n't you have a spellchecker on your phone/computer ? 
  because there are some simple mistakes it would get easily , it has helped me a lot with my english ( and because i make spelling mistakes anyway a lot lol ) . 
  it is more fun to write when you do n't have to constantly worry about little mistakes . 
  but i am sure nobody will really mind if you worry .
