  how norway being in would fix it ? 
  the countries do not believe they are some `` great nation '' of the world and goal for most countries is not to become that either . 
  i know it is not due to its pretty look . 
  but the result still is that a horrible looking building in the middle of the city is there to stay . 
  i would imagine a more remote building could have been protected for similar reasons . 
  the worst is that the later building is protected now because the `` sausage '' feature despite it being the most hated building according to most polls . 
  all the soldiers where form the rich leisure class so it 's not like they just trained all their lives . 
  asia is so broad it is n't exactly a race . 
  not all muslims wear veils or are strict ( like half of my family who are tatars ) so this kind of broad question is hard to answer . 
  well here is the study but it 's in finnish http://www.finlandsinstitutet.se/fi/files/2017/02/novus-rapport-bilden-av-finland_del2_fi.pdf it did has some graphs and maybe you can find a swedish version somewhere , i did try but maybe i did n't use right keywords . 
  there a plenty of chinese everywhere because there are so many chinese total . 
  there is n't exactly a ton of important historical sites here in finland but there a still ton of them . 
  if finland still had karelia and the other arm in lapland it would look like a maiden . 
  one of the biggest reasons the loss was such a tragedy . 
  well often power in unions is decided by population such as parliamentary seats but iceland would not agree and the rest would probably support this to stop sweden form becoming most powerful country . 
  so sweden would have to be agree with a model where all countries get about equal power and would they ? 
  maybe but it 's one issue . 
  well not usually but when you see raikkonen used so much on f1 it almost seems odd to see the right version . 
  well maybe the poster says he is macedonian and does not count and that is something i do n't want to even comment . 
  but i would still say picking ancient greeks and saying they are greek is a bit odd since it 's such a huge time and culture change . 
  for example italians did not pick any romans ( nor did greeks any of the romans from greece , is that identity so strong in people 's minds they are just romans ? 
  if it had plato could have been on this list twice . 
  elves do n't need to be blond . 
  elves do n't need to be blond . 
  now i am not surprised greece gave full points to lordi in eurovision . 
  there is plenty of good metal gospel bands in finland too . 
  i think your knowledge of swans is limited as well if you think they support a man . 
  there are ( or were at this point really ) some people who liked lenin and his role in finland becoming independent but it was never mainstream . 
  but i would not say he was hated either . 
  lactose free milk is popular here so that is one reason milk is drank so muvh here . 
  i think the stereotype is that you drink you coffee black but all my friends ( and me ) drink with milk and sugar and they are offered everywhere . 
  so while drinking black might be still more common people putting milk into coffee ca n't be that small amount of population . 
  i do n't know , not a lot of people live in most green areas . 
  i did n't know it is drank elsewhere . 
  i kind if want to try now . 
  https://www.google.fi/amp/www.independent.co.uk/news/science/theres-nothing-wrong-with-cousins-getting-married-scientists-say-1210072.html%3famp  the risk of giving birth to babies with genetic defects as a result of marriages between first cousins is no greater than that run by women over 40 who become pregnant , according to two scientists who call for the taboo on first-cousin families to be lifted . 
  so this is maybe not answers why but a lot of people seemed to doupt that poster you responded to . 
  i am finnish and i agree they are ugly . 
  some people went overboard with simplicity and modern style trends and i guess they wanted to save money too ? 
  well those 15th century ones are so beautiful . 
  here in finland most new churches ( built in 20th and 21st century ) are really ugly and we do n't have a ton of old ones let since they were built mostly form wood like all buildings ( well churches actually were a bit more likely to be built on stone ) . 
  there was a post on ugly churches on finland once here if you want to look and then you might see that old style ones are better . 
  the one picture in this post is actually pretty nice for a 20th century church . 
  but i would imagine there would be ways to combine old with new that looks good and is functional . 
  well those 15th century ones are so beautiful . 
  here in finland most new churches ( built in 20th and 21st century ) are really ugly and we do n't have a ton of old ones let since they were built mostly form wood like all buildings ( well churches actually were a bit more likely to be built on stone ) . 
  there was a post on ugly churches on finland once here if you want to look and then you might see that old style ones are better . 
  the one picture in this post is actually pretty nice for a 20th century church . 
  but i would imagine there would be ways to combine old with new that looks good and is functional . 
  she is obviously big but i think it 's unfortunate for her that she has such a large face . 
  her body is n't that unsual ( even though it would still get comments as a health minister ) but her face is n't that common . 
  the point is that it still is bad enough that he does not qualify as a hero in my book no matter how nessecary ( but that is a bit depatable but imo irrelevant here since it would be stilll bad enough ) . 
  like i said hero would be a very exlucive club , it 's dangerous if to if people get called one merely by their virtues with their vices not looked into properly . 
  but like i said you can have a differing opinion if you please but i have never heard anyone consider him a hero before . 
  protecting language is not shittty kind of nationalism . 
  it 's good thing that people can communicate with english or other major languages but having different kind of native languages is a cultural richness that is n't harmfull if you can speak other languages . 
  you need to lack significant flaws like to be a hero like his participation to the terror was . 
  it does not matter what his accomplishments were if the vices are too much . 
  you can personally like him or say the good outweigh the bad but hero should be a very exlucive club . 
  i still would say `` heroes of europe '' should have a higher standard . 
  he can be mediocre as an agent but better at some other things . 
  if you have no clue of music is n't it better know at least something of him ? 
  and i do n't recall him being potrayed as a loser , he seemed succefull in the film , it 's his resentment of mozart that it 's really the issue . 
  she is still a first woman leading the country which is impoaybrt regardless of how many there presidents there has been . 
  and having an description in the title is n't some award so what does it matter if it 's mentioned or not ? 
  it 's still interesting thing to know about a person . 
  well we barely lost to swedes of all people . 
  the studies show that the high sentinces with the inability to join society drives crimes up . 
  but oviously us has other issues that drive the numbers up like the guns being so easily available and poverty in certain places that drives people to crime . 
  the name of colosseum comes form nero 's statue since the statue was near it . 
   he is perhaps best known for his role in the french revolution 's reign of terror . 
  sometimes people do things that are incredibly cruel despite them not even making sense . 
  there must have some some short term be benefit sure , if the production just collapsed they would have noticed . 
  but they could have just believed this would work without real evindence but just thinking it should work . 
  you clearly have not red the bible . 
  they did start to die much before warm weather issues . 
  they started dying because of fishing nets , mercury in the water and hunting . 
  now their numbers actually have risen form 100 to 320 . 
  i think there they should be in between normal office look and the fancy palace look . 
  they are important national institutions so a little culture and identity is good but if you overdo it is distracting and gives the members too much delusions of grandeur . 
  so did the women have to wear ties or was that a men only rule ? 
  it 's a bit off how the chairs look like couches but kind of nice too . 
  well they do have a great legacy but if you read the ancient text they assumed their culture would stay the same for thousands of years in the future . 
  in general ancient cultures were not able to predict process much since it was so slow it was impossible to see within few generations . 
  so only major process they would discuss would be negative with countries falling and stuff and they believed their own superiority so thought it would not happen . 
  its sad you got downvoted . 
  the stars should be the same size and at the same spot . 
  and that huge uk flag ... 
  the stars should be the same size and at the same spot . 
  and that huge uk flag ... 
  toga was what romans wore . 
  the similar greek garment was called himation , its more simple garment that toga which evolved form himation . 
  yes but the point was about presedents who are elected personally like in france . 
  parliamentary system is differerent . 
  presidents do n't nessecarily care for their parties . 
  they are n't even supposed to here in finland ( but they do n't have power much anymore but this was the case even before ) . 
  if politician ca n't be re-elected they practically do n't have to answer to the democratic system since i democratic systems it 's designed that the politicians remain midnfull of the voters to survive the next election . 
  of course this happens already if some president is elected to a second term when that is the term limit but it is thought that you have performed well in first term to get re-elected . 
  for eu if you get too favorable leave terms and others think they can follow . 
  or finland and norway combined of finland and denmark combined .
