when did we jump ahead of the north ? 
  you 're mixing up germans and pratchetts dwarves/dwarfs ( ? ), 
  compare europe to japan , or even australia . 
  there have always been far more different cultures , languages and ideologies in europe . 
  you could say it has always been a melting pot of cultures for thousands of years , the thing the us have been praised for . 
  now persia and other countries also experienced lots of foreign influences . 
  it would be interesting to know what exactly caused this european advancement , but who knows . 
  the imams might not hold a poitical position , but they still have way too much political power . 
  certain popes and bishops have done similar things to iranian imams when they had more political influence . 
  this is an innate problem of an ( kind of ) autocratic system . 
  i agree with you on this one . 
  only thing is that you account the failures of muslim states to islam . 
  most of these have no democratic history , and are dictatorships/kingdoms . 
  a dictator is not interested in having an educated populace , they might start a revolution . 
  now we had a similar situation here in europe , but i think the denser population , with lots of competing countries led to a more competitive environment than in the vast ottoman empire . 
  in conclusion - the value of science and progress , imo , is a trait of our society as a whole , rather than christianity . 
  you can compare that to burning witches or other heathens . 
  and while i 'm sad that stuff like this still happens one has to acknowledge the fact that education varies greatly from region to region . 
  i think your comparing apples with pears . 
  developed ( secular ) countries/people that have been leading innovation for quite some time ( that happen to be in christian europe ) and developing countries/people that find themselves in a world that has rapidly changed without them having much influence on it . 
  western society has developed this way over hundreds of years . 
  do n't expect everyone else to do the same in a few decades . 
  some have even been thrown back in their development by our imperialism . 
  also you should note that in its early days the scientific progress of the islamic world has actually been ahead of europe . 
  and i 'm pretty sure that you wo n't find a lot of muslims at your local university that would support burning christians or whateverkind of violence . 
  that is not at all a general problem of islam but rather an outdated and insane interpretation by extremists . 
  i do n't think that it was the religion that matured , rather the society itself . 
  fewer and fewer people are actually christian , let alone go to church . 
  countries hot more and more secular , the church lost most of its political influence ... now it is the church that has to adapt to stay relevant . 
  some are trying to modernise , others do n't care and point at growing numbers of christians in south americawhen confronted with this . 
  same thing happened in europe with christianity . 
  revolutions take their time . 
  i think judging a religion because of repressive regimes and extremists is not really fair . 
  although religions as a concept do n't really seem to fit these times . 
  christianity is n't really more innovative than islam , it 's just that we ignore it mostly . 
  internationale business maschinen, 
  erm , no offence sir . 
  geraffes are so dumb, 
  and much better anyways :d, 
  i 'm pretty sure that the alps are the most densely populated mountainous area in the world . 
  on the phone so no source :(, 
  they 're going to get those things anyway . 
  afterall it boils down to comparing imports and exports from amd to the eu . 
  not even considering investments , tourism and everything else that benefits from the treaties . 
  * baby, 
  came here to say this . 
  to clarify - he was austrian . 
  just take a look at the public outrage that occurred when some politician wanted to end the neutrality , as it really seems obsolete with the eu . 
  i 'm to lazy to find an article , but if it interests you , you can always google it . 
  snowden is just another asylum seeker , running from ( in his case ) an oppressive regime . 
  and we are accepting quite a few of those . 
  it might be a myth , but it 's a big part of the national identity and its certainly better than being ripped in half , like germany . 
  true :d personally i like germany , unless , of course , i 'm talking to a german . 
  internationally , i think i have to accept , that most people do n't see a difference between the two countries . 
  thus my excitement . 
  why an austrian comment ? 
  cool to know that germany really rehabilitated that much . 
  what 's up with osttirol ? 
  what a shitpost . 
  serbia vs. ottomans, 
  we 're coming for you sweden , and suck it denmark !, 
  i 'm in denial . 
  w\u00f6rtherseestadium was totally worth it . 
  hosting counts as qualifying !, 
  well done !, 
  this just proves that alcohol , beer specifically , makes thin . 
  ( in a horrible way ), 
  * - / s do n't blow our cover !, 
  also pre-carinthia it was carantania . 
  still not mother russia ;p, 
  just the short version of aeiou , 
  it does . 
  germany is austria . 
  i think your judging him slightly too fast . 
  also , calling him a racist wo n't help anyone ; it would be more interesting to know why he thinks that way . 
  why do you make me do this ? 
  i 'm pretty sure , that the jews would 've preferred an accomodation without showers . 
  hahahaha , i need to follow british media :d, 
  his or its kid ? 
  i feel ... evil . 
  i 've been to scotland and i can confirm this . 
  not many union jacks , quite a lot of st. andrew 's crosses . 
  or poland !, 
  scottish lake or human rear ? 
  taking all the credit , are n't you ? 
  i love the us -   `` it 's not the winning that matters , it 's the taking part '' `` usa !, 
  usa !, 
  usa ! '', 
  `` faster , higher , stronger ( the olympic motto ) '' `` usa !, 
  usa !, 
  usa !, 
  hmm , i do n't think that austrians are very partriotic ... 
  ah , that 's understandable , thanks , 
  what ? 
  reason for existance ? 
  why would they help financing this ? 
  could anyone explain this to me ? 
  i ca n't agree on `` everyone 's better off ... '' . 
  it 's an alright system , but there are lots of sacrifices to be made . 
  well it 's common knowledge and some people are behind on that .
