from 1 may 2004 to 1 may 2006 ( first two years )  the original member states were allowed to decide whether or not to impose restrictions on the right of free movement from the new member states . 
  ireland , the uk and sweden allowed full free movement and the other countries applied some restrictions . 
   they 're complaining about its speed over here . 
  god help them if they 're sent to ireland so . 
   once syria is deemed safe , he or she will be asked to leave . 
  it happened before , it 'll happen now . 
  yeah , it wo n't . 
  even the majority of those who failed in their asylum claims and who have deportation orders issued are n't sent back . 
   in 2013 the eu sent back just 39 % of those refused asylum , the eu commission says in its european agenda on migration . 
  and ;  the total deported from eu countries was less than one-third of the non-eu nationals found to be illegally present , which totalled 625,565 . http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34190359 the majority entering europe are neither syrian nor refugees btw . 
   more than half of those fleeing to europe from the middle east andafrica are economic migrants and not asylum seekers fleeing the horrors of war in iraq or syria , according to first vice-president of theeuropean commission , frans timmermans . 
   i remember that this union is founded on priniples everyone where does it say that the eu must throw open their borders to the middle east and africa ? 
  i must have missed that day in class . 
   it only seems that germany is the only nation remembering yes , yes . 
  you 're a humanitarian superpower . 
  speaking of remembering , it seems that you 've very short memories . 
  where was your `` solidarity '' in may 2005 when you closed the borders on the new eu citizens ? 
  laws can change with a stroke of a pen . 
  i think if citizens of a member state do not want to take in refugees , then refugees should not be forced upon them . 
  to be clear , i 've no quarrel with ireland taking in a greater number of refugees . 
  but if other member states do n't want to take them in , or do n't feel that they 're capable to adequately take care of a large number of refugees , then they should n't be forced to do so . 
   they could be on the same level as africa in notime , or back with russia which is , look at ukrine , also not really a nice alternative . 
  the death of the eu will be your nations arrogance . 
  it 's a political union . 
  it 's not germany 's way or the highway . 
  important to remember that . 
   because than the eu has a legitimit reason to deny them further participation in the eu-law-making . 
  and germans are perplexed as to why a lot of their fellow eu citizens refer to them as bullies . 
   i do n't care if they profit of eurpean money !, 
  oh , so germany does n't profit handsomely from the eu now ? 
  we had two . 
  the nice treaty . 
  let 's rewind the clock back eleven years almost to the day and the accession ten joining the eu . 
  the first thing the germans did was impose restrictions on free movement for the new eu citizens , for the maximum amount of time allowed . 
  only ireland , the uk and sweden gave the new eu citizens free access to their labour markets . 
  now you want to lecture the very same people you closed your borders to , on the need to take in non eu citizens and `` solidarity ? '', 
  the hypocrisy is astounding . 
  ban a religion and you 'll push it underground with its adherents becoming extremely radicalised . 
  is this meant to be funny ? 
  'cause it ai n't . 
  douglas murray is a very impressive performer . 
   garavaglia with a surname like that , she may qualify for italian citizenship . 
  their citizenship by descent laws are exceptionally generous . 
  up to [ six million ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/uk/uk-rush-for-irish-passports-brought-on-by-brexit-fears-1.2560740 ) british nationals are entitled to claim irish citizenship too . 
  i expect a continuous increase in the run up to the referendum . 
  this woman has highly paid advisors . 
  why the hell did she make such remarks ? 
  she must have known that there would be a backlash . 
  crazy stuff to come out with . 
  from what i understand , the word `` olycka '' means either accident or hardship . 
  i 'm not a native swedish speaker though . 
  that 's all a bit mad , ted . 
   what 's this all about ? 
  is it about privacy ? 
  read the article and find out . 
  mad idea , i know . 
  it 's probably not the watching of porn that is the issue . 
  more so the type of porn that he 's watching and has a fetish for . 
  here 's an irish media source . 
  one dead - http://www.thejournal.ie/shots-fired-at-dublin-hotel-2586890-feb2016/, 
  the ira means something a lot different here !, 
  yeah , sorry about that . 
  did n't know if we are allowed to editorialise or not so stuck with the original . 
  not the best , i know . 
  why the hell are they burning down their own camps ? 
  interesting . 
  it 's unusual for an irish person to think of themselves as european first . 
  not entirely uncommon , just unusual . 
  would you not have much more in common with your fellow germans than a fellow european ? 
   i would wager most people feel irish first and maybe have some vague feeling of being `` european '' second . 
  irish , dublin and then my hometown third . 
  my ` european identity ' would be a very distant fourth . 
  i 'd say it 's the same for the majority of irish people . 
  irish , county , town and then european . 
   now that 's just not true , is it ... romania and bulgaria had those restrictions lifted by the uk in 2014 . 
  i was talking about the accession of the ten members states in 2004 . 
  bulgaria and romania joined in 2007 . 
   a europe were people can travel for tourism , is a europe where emergency braking the reciprocal access to labour markets is impossible . 
  the spanish were allowed temporarily suspended free movement for romanian nationals in 2011 . 
   in the act of accession there is a `` safeguard clause '' which gives a member state the possibility to reintroduce restrictions on free labour market access , if it is undergoing or foresees serious labour market disturbances . 
  it is the only way for a member state to re-introduce restrictions . 
  http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-11-554_en.htm  on july 22 , 2011 , spain notified the european commission of its decision to take immediate measures to reintroduce restrictions because of its domestic economic crisis . 
  in connection with this crisis , on july 28 , 2011 , spain requested that , with regard to romanian workers , the commission suspend articles 1-6 of the regulation . 
   the commission decision adopted on august 11 authorizes spain to temporarily suspend the application of articles 1-6 of the regulation until december 31 , 2012 . 
  the commission based its decision on an analysis of economic data indicating that spain was facing a serious labor market disturbance that was reflected in its having the highest unemployment rate across the eu , `` particularly dramatic unemployment among youth and a slow economic recovery . '' ( id . ), 
  the decision does not affect romanian workers who are already employed in spain and those who are registered as job seekers by the public employment services in spain . 
  http://www.loc.gov/law/foreign-news/article/european-union-spain-temporary-limitation-of-free-movement-of-romanian-workers/ the british public are extremely concerned about large scale immigration . 
  it was one of the reasons why they voted to leave the eu . 
  in 2004 , upon the accession 10 joining the eu , only the uk , ireland and sweden gave the new eu citizens full access to their labour market . 
  the other twelve ` old ' member states imposed restrictions on them . 
  britain received huge numbers , and , rightly or wrongly , immigration became a huge issue . 
  why not offer them a temporary moratorium on freedom of movement until their infrastructure and essential services catches up with demand ? 
  cheers for the explanation . 
  we 've a few of them still in our education system too . 
   alt katholik what 's that ? 
  largely because people do n't treat it as a personal and private matter . 
  believe in what you want , just keep it to yourself and out of the running of the state . 
  it 's a factual subject and helps students understand the current state of play of the world around them . 
  the time could be spent more efficiently teaching a more useful and practical subject . 
   german schools have one hour of mandatory religious education depending on your religion or non-religion .
