  so , no slavic for portugal here . 
  that 's sort of what i meant with my last sentence . 
  i might have been pissed as hell back in 2004 but i never once sugegsted greece 's victory was lesser just because their team was n't as entertaining as portugal . 
  i think all the salty french complaining about teams that won according to the rules of the game because they were not entertained should rethink their adoration for football and maybe look into basketball ( since they have set times forcing them to make throws ) . 
  oh , and if they wanted entertainment they should n't have broken ronaldo . 
  yeah , we were awesome in 2004 , but we lost to an uninspired , unimpressive greece with a focus on defence and corner kicks . 
  i guess portugal learned what works . 
  i do n't get it . 
  why does everyone talk like merkel is the boss of the eu ? 
  how would she ( by herself ) go about reforming the eu , for example ? 
  so cute , you think anyone read past the headline ... 
   so the people choose between a couple of parties , where only two or three have a real chance of winning , and the winning party chooses who gets to be prime minister . 
  how is that better than the eu ? 
  the winning party 's leader becomes prime-minister . 
  as in , they do n't decide which of them gets to be pm after everyone voted but before , so we know who our vote is putting in charge . 
  in the eu , the people choose between a couple of parties , then a different entity within the eu decided who they nominate for president unbound by which parties actually got the more votes , and then the parliament votes on whether the guy they nominated is good enough . 
  that 's at least one more degree of separation between the election and who actually becomes president than states usually have . 
   are they all undemocratic ? 
  not undemocratic , but less democratic than they could be . 
   exactly like in any other state in europe ; i do n't know of any equivalent to the european council in my state . 
  would you care to enlighten me ? 
   why ? 
  the parties that were elected were already mandated to negotiate a coalition . 
  but they were n't elected . 
  they lost , and then voted against the government proposed by the winning party , and then decided to form a coalition . 
   that 's pointless if you want another coalition , or the same coalition with a different mix of policies . 
  it 's part of the mandate of the people you elected . 
  if i had voted for ps ( a center left party ) , that does n't mean i want a government of communists ( cdu ) . 
  a lot of people who voted ps might have prefered the opposing center right party ( which actually won the elections ) in a second vote . 
  those people 's opinions were not assessed , and because of that the system is n't as democratic as it would have been if they had . 
  also , that what happened is legitimate has no bearing on whether it should be . 
   so , that 's why the uk now gets boris johnson or whomever will inherit cameron 's position ? 
  if the people of the uk vote for the conservative party next election ( if they have one ) , then whoever 's the leader would become pm , yes . 
   inform yourself . 
  there is the spitzenkandidat practice now . 
  no there is n't . 
  the european council nominated juncker . 
  he just happened to also be a spitzenkandidat . 
  the ec still had the power to nominate someone else . 
  the political fallout they would have faced does n't eliminate the fact that they still could have , if only enough of them had wanted to . 
  yes , the european council was democratically elected , which does n't mean that whoever they nominate also becomes democratically elected by the transitive property . 
  a direct election that the heads of state can not overrule is the better alternative . 
   i thought you like sovereignty ? 
  who the hell do you think you 're talking to ? 
  no , but a lie can be a mistake . 
  it has been in decline consistently since november 2015 ( ~ 8 months ) . 
  it had been rising up until july 2015 . 
  sure it might recover . 
  decline seems to have slowed down considerably . 
  but i replied to someone who was pretending everything was alright , and right now it 's not . 
  [ `` back to normal '' ] ( https://i.imgflip.com/16femy.jpg ), 
  maybe they do n't give a shit because they think it does n't matter . 
  if i created a dictatorship and then gave the people the right to vote on the color of the single car model that was allowed in my nation , the absenteism of that meaningless vote would n't justify my rule . 
  obviously that 's not what the eu is , but the leave campaign was n't complaining about not having the right meps . 
  they were arguing against a design flaw in the system . 
  and the solution to a system that you think has excessive flaws is n't to play by the rules of the system . 
  : i am pro-eu , i 'm not a brit and i voted for the last election , so i really hope that rant was n't for me . 
   but what happened is that spd and cdu/csu made a coalition and both agreed on merkel as chancellor . 
  so votes for spd/gabriel ultimately ended up being for merkel as well . 
  and that 's perfectly fine , and not at all undemocratic . 
  i disagree . 
  if a coaltition is made , there should be a new election where the coalition runs as a single entity with a proposed prime-minister . 
  the same thing you described happened in portugal last year : paf won the elections with slightly less than 40 % of votes , and then ps and cdu and be formed a coalition . 
  no one in the election voted for a ps/cdu/be government and it would have been more democratic to allow for a second vote on paf vs ps/cdu/be . 
  then the government would more accurately translate the will of the people . 
   if expertise in law was the only thing that matter we should simply elect law phds with the best grades . 
  yeah , it 's not the only thing that matters , obviously . 
  but it is ** a ** thing that matters . 
  i would n't trust someone who ca n't read to write my laws , even if they agreed with me on which laws should be in place . 
  someone without law literacy is just one step better than someone without any literacy whatsoever . 
   leaving eu why would anyone vote for an european commissioner ( if given the chance ) that was promising to leave the eu . 
  that was an unexpected paradox . 
  when you vote for a specific mp you 're also voting for their party leader to become prime minister . 
  it does n't need to be actually written in the ballot . 
  everyone who voted for a conservative party mp in 2015 knew they were reelecting cameron as prime minister . 
  the same thing happens in my country , and i garantee you most people have no idea who they 're nominating for parliament , all they see is the party symbol next to their face which tells them who ends up as prime minister . 
  but when i vote for a mep i have no idea who they 're going to put up as president of the european commission , i do n't know the person they will vote for or his/her views . 
  i do n't even know who will be nominated for the presidency because it 's the european council that proposes a president , who will then be voted on , without competitors . 
  expertise in law , ideally . 
  the idea that some schmuck politician who never studied the code of law can just be elected to add to it because he 's a popular handshaker is mind-boggling . 
  a good leader should surround himself by experts of previous law who can write the new proposals with him . 
  what 's the real difference between having a group of advisors who write down the laws you want implemented , and a commission of people nominated by the elected meps/elected heads of state who do the same ? 
  the parliament still gets to vote on them . 
  the european commission is in essence the government of the european union , and it is n't elected by the people . 
  these are the people who make the laws . 
  imagine if you live in a country in which the prime minister is n't elected in general elections , but chosen by whatever senate/parliament you have . 
  it 's not entirely undemocratic , but it is less democratic than direct election of leaders . 
  the alternative would have been prefered . 
  you realize that 3/5 is a smaller majority than 2/3 , right ? 
  but keeping the pound is also not reasonable because you 'd still be bound economically to england , which might still suffer a lot because of brexit , which would mean devaluing of the coin in relation to the euro . 
  why keep the pound , then ? 
  all he did was uphold the principles of democracy his country stands on . 
  there was enough outcry to warrant a vote , and now we know there 's a majority of people who wanted to leave . 
  a majority of people should n't be silenced . 
  cameron did his job ( and subsequently lost his job ) . 
  it did n't go the way he wanted , it did n't go the way any of us wanted but it was the right thing to do . 
  whatever comes next is the fault of the british people . 
  there is an obvious difference between holding a vote because you do n't like the previous answer , and holding a vote because the assumptions under which the previous vote was held have changed . 
  and they have changed immensely with brexit . 
  it seems strange to you that the people who complained about cameron asking for a referendum now support this referendum .
