gender identifying region what is that ? 
  gender theory is usually used to describe gender as relating to social relations , stereotypes and social roles , and not to describe biological differences between men , women , and intersex . 
  that 's absolutely true , muslims in the western world are more moderate , but that happened over the years , and it happened because they were a minority who had to adapt , without the power of significant numbers to affect policy . 
  the same might not be true when millions of refugees are trying to enter europe . 
  they wo n't be living in neighbors of moderate westerners to adapt with but instead be staying in settlements of refugees , with the culture of refugees . 
  they wo n't grow progressive at the same rate as individual immigrants did , and the fact that they 're seen more suspiciously and that they 'll be under more police scrutiny , and the difficulty in acquiring stable productive employment might work instead to radicalize them . 
  regarding your edit : it ' easy to turn enemies into cartoon villains , but the terrorists who die for their cause every day are n't doing `` anything for power '' . 
  they are fighting for a cause they believe in , and while their leaders might be the power-hungry bastards you imagine , those types of people have always existed in every culture . 
  so it would be more productive to think about what makes their ideas stick in the minds of so many martyrs around the world , many of whom were second-generation muslims , when the same thing does n't happen with religious youngsters of any other creed in the western world . 
  the answer is n't solely religion , but it 's insane to pretend it does n't play a part . 
  just as it did play a part in christian violence in the past , which does n't happen as often today only because christian people are today more secular = less religious . 
  on the other hand , hating muslims is playing a part in moderating conservatives . 
  i 've never seen so much empathy for gay people from the conservative side than when they realized they could synergize their hate by directing it against gay-killing muslims . 
  ask any christian if they believe the ten commandments are to be followed . 
  christianity is n't a monolith of belief , and neither is islam . 
  different groups follow different interpretations of their holy book . 
   if you are to be believed you mean , if the strawman you put up is to be believed . 
  that the method and place is unusual does n't change the fact that murder happens everywhere , that this crime is not anywhere near the same camp as mass shootings or terror attacks , and to really figure out how much of a problem this level of crime is you 'd have to look at long-term statistics rather than point at a few anecdotal events . 
  but sure , no , portugal has a machete murder on every street . 
  that 's totally what i was saying . 
  same as always happens . 
  murder is nothing new , and there 's always someone trying to fear-monger off of them . 
  correction : there 's someone trying to fear-monger only if there 's an ethnic minority or those blasted teenagers involved . 
  approving is n't the same as thinking it should replace secular law . 
  if you ask christians whether biblical law is more important to them personally than secular law , a majority will say yes , but that does n't mean they want biblical law made law of the land . 
  [ only 23 % of uk muslims support introduction of sharia law ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/apr/11/british-muslims-strong-sense-of-belonging-poll-homosexuality-sharia-law ) and i ca n't find any of the `` multiple polls '' suggesting otherwise , so i 'm going to assume you were equally wrong about french muslims , or that you do n't know what a majority is . 
  while it 's likely not what happened , you ca n't say it does n't make sense that it would happen , because sumka existed . 
  the left does n't embrace islamic fascism . 
  the left embraces muslim people and rejects criticism of islam for fear it will lead to violence and rejection of innocent muslims . 
  that 's not the same . 
  people were n't just making guesses . 
  they were n't saying `` i think this is likely islamic terrorism '' . 
  they were using the tragedy to push their agenda on a guess . 
  `` merkel needs to go '' and `` send the muslims home '' are n't decisions we can make based on guesses . 
  guessing is fine . 
  but people who do it need to acknowledge the subsequent low level of certainty that comes with a guess on very little information . 
  i meant in europe , but yeah . 
  and islamic terrorists sometimes kill muslims during attacks . 
  terror attacks are rarely as clean as breivik . 
  they 'll still say it 's her fault because letting in the refugees stoked the flames of far right nationalism . 
  there is no reasoning with hate . 
  i do n't see how it 's any better here . 
  it 's `` merkel got blood on their hands '' , it 's `` let 's mass deport muslims '' , you name it . 
  without any indication that this was islamic terrorist , without any caution to wait for confirmation . 
  hate and prejudice is fast and sticky . 
  is it that hard ? 
  because right now we do n't even know who was behind the shooting , what their religion or affiliation are , or what they look like ( apart from `` blurry '' ) . 
  violent crimes happen from time to time and they wo n't stop happening just because there are more terrorist attacks in between . 
  so please , people control your bias for a little while until we get actual information . 
  it 's a video of a shooting , and it 's right outside the oez . 
  so unless they coincidentally staged a fake shooting there a few months ago or there was another shooting , i think we can confirm this one . 
  it is munich . 
  mcdonald 's just across the oez mall . 
  you can see the building in the background is the same , even though the mcdonald 's was n't finished : https://www.google.pt/maps/@48.1841687,11.53162,3a,75y,327.05h,79.58t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1scz1cbzqfzysbqoovtqquzg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!6m1!1e1 this was the footage : https://twitter.com/onlinemagazin/status/756540786305531904, 
  http://edition.cnn.com/2016/07/22/europe/germany-munich-shooting/index.html cnn just reported 1 dead , 10 wounded , as shooting ends . 
   turkey has allways had , like russia and others , had a romantic nationalist movement of restoring empire . 
   just like ionia , cappadoccia , pontus , parthia and constantinople have and will allways be greece . 
  whereas you just seem to hold a romantic nationalist ideal of restoring some other nation 's empire . 
  no , i saw you were from romania . 
  but historical literacy is usually rare even when it 's about one 's country , so i did n't assume you were baiting trolls . 
  neither the roman empire or rome were named after the romani people , though . 
  it 's just convergente evolution of the words . 
  yah , but it 's also not as bad as it would be if we were in bahgdahd , where terror attacks happen almost every day . 
  ok , let 's do this :  the study on uti 's and their link to circumcision has been outright disproved ( far more thorough studies have time and time again failed to connect the two and the original study has been criticized over its methods ) by far more thorough studies , do you mean [ this meta-analysis of 18 studies ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=18316994 ) that shows an almost 10 times higher risk of uti in uncircumcized individuals ? 
  or do you mean [ this systematic review of 12 studies ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=15890696 ) that shows as well a significantly reduced incidence of uti with circumcision ? 
   the std study was riddled with flaws starting with different treatment what std study are you criticizing exactly ? 
  [ this one ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17321311 ) , or [ this one ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=19616720 ) , or [ this one ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=19198042 ) , or is it [ this one ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=19321868 ) ? 
  they all show a decrease in hiv/herpesvirus transmission . 
  worst of all , why did you become convinced there was only one study supporting a widely practiced medical therapy ? 
   the subjects were also the ones who were interested in the study in the first place that 's only a flaw if this only happened in the treatment arm of the trial . 
  if only we knew what uncited study you decided to attack with your comment , we might be able to see if that actually happened . 
   the recovery period was included in the time they monitored the applicants what was the time of monitoring in this supposedly awful study ? 
  the ones i cited follow the patients for two years , and it 's a bit hard to believe a 7 day recovery period would have a big difference there . 
   furthermore the u.s.a. where circumcision is the most prevalent in the developed world also has the highest std rates in the developed world this is what 's called the [ ecological fallacy ] ( http://web.stanford.edu/class/ed260/freedman549.pdf ) . 
  you ca n't reach conclusions on the behaviour of diseases on individuals based on the behaviour of the disease in a large population . 
  this little factoid does n't tell me if the people in the us with higher rates of hiv are also the ones who had circumcision . 
  as far as we can scientifically infer , there could be no connection . 
  the ecological fallacy gives credence to zero arguments , ever . 
  furthermore , the existence of other risk factors for std transmission does n't invalidate the potential benefits of circumcision . 
   keep in mind that these studies were performed in regions of africa where hiv and aids are prevalent yeah ? 
  is n't that what i said ? 
  oh , wait it is :  in certain parts of africa where stds are epidemic or antibiotics and antiretrovirals are n't readily available , it 's a useful preventive procedure even in babies . 
  well , if someone on the internet tells me studies were disproved , i guess that 's the end of that . 
  well , it 's a good thing i did n't say there was . 
  not so good for your reading comprehension , though . 
  how common something is is n't the only variable used to define whether or not it 's a medical condition . 
  and if it 's causing suffering , if it 's painful , if it makes urination harder or if it 's causing multiple repetitive urinary infections , then treating it is reasonable whether or not you want to keep arguing the semantics of what to call it . 
  the obsession with not catching an infection ( which is a medical condition whichever way you put it ) is more of a reasonable concern . 
  medical circumcision is still a valid treatment for tight foreskin ( which is almost universal in babies ) . 
  but because it is an irreversible body modification , it should ideally be the last line of treatment after manual gentle stretching of the foreskin or after glucocorticoid cream . 
  on the other hand , circumcision in children is associated with lower rates of urinary infection and lower rates of std transmission ( including aids ) , so outside of europe , in certain parts of africa where stds are epidemic or antibiotics and antiretrovirals are n't readily available , it 's a useful preventive procedure even in babies . 
  ritual circumcision is however , not justified . 
  and if we can judge the parents who choose not to give their kids life-saving antibiotics for their meningitis because of religious reasons , then we have to apply the same standard to those who perform non-licensed non-regulated permanent surgery on people who can not give consent . 
  some ** adults ** do it for esthetic reasons and they report satisfactory results ( statistically significant improvement in sexual relationships , likely because decreased sensitivity allows them to last longer ) . 
  beats me . 
  but abortion before the 10th week of gestation was legalized in 2007 . 
  maybe rates just increased with time normally as people became aware of how available it was and/or society acceptance grew ? 
  before we all jump on the bandwagon of portuguese low abortions being due to some great cultural traits or the availability of free contraception , remember that this is a 2010 chart , and that [ 2012 values were already equal to spain 's ] ( http://www.johnstonsarchive.net/policy/abortion/mapeuropeabrate.html ) . 
  they 're both adaptations from mandarin . 
  portugal got their word directly from the mandarin ( through macau ) , and the uk and affiliates got theirs through dutch from malay from mandarin .
