go outside , look at some trees , enjoy nature . 
  stop being a square-eyes . 
  : o of which one ( s ) ?!, 
  surely not thundercats !, 
  i mean , he-man and she-ra were pretty crap , all things considered , but nostalgic for me . 
  but thundercats ... it 's a classic !, 
  add thundercats , he-man and she-ra to that list and we 're golden !, 
  we have friends from portugal and went on holiday with them to portugal . 
  i tried my very best with octopus ... but i just did n't like it , i 'm so sorry !, 
  mind , there must be so much on english menus which do n't take their fancy , it 's swings and roundabouts !, 
  not proper kentucky bourbon , only maker 's mark which you can get over here . 
  i 'd love to try some proper moonshine - we have tried the same stuff made in france , which was basically an old guy in a caravan making the equivalent brandy out of apples/plums etc. 
  it was lethal stuff and the plum taste was n't that great to be honest !, 
  i am a huge whisky fan - peated whiskies in particular , from islay , up in scotland - so i would be up for trying a decent proper bourbon for sure !, 
  yep , i agree - even saying this as a british person , you definitely do n't need to spend 4 nights in london . 
  i 'd say do london as a long-weekend period of 3 nights and put the extra night to something else - you could either still keep it in england and visit somewhere nearby - oxford/cambridge for example , if either of those are your thing , or put it towards a later part of the trip elsewhere . 
  you might run out of stuff to do in palermo over 3 nights too , having visited there relatively recently , so i personally would look to get rid of a london night and a palermo night and use both to bring the amalfi coast portion up to 4 nights in total . 
  thanks to the animaniacs , i used to be able to sing not only all of the 50 states , but also their capitals . 
  off the top of my head though - * texas - everything 's bigger , steaks , ranches , yankee lifestyle * louisiana - bible belt , seems like it 'd be a bit scary if you 're in any way diverse * montana - big sky country , prairie land * california - hollywood mad folks who all want to be actors on one side , and chilled out san francisco open-minded hippies on the the other . 
  * maine - stephen king country , but he does make it sound beautiful * colorado - skiing and winter sports * alaska - those gold rush/gold diver folks ; the klondike , the cold remoteness but also lots of wild beauty * new york - diverse and buzzing in the cities but also lots of countryside , always seems quite anglophile * kentucky - rednecks and more bible belt * florida - theme parks but also lots of old people and retirement homes that 's all i can think of off the top of my head !, 
  of those , i 've only visited new york ( city ) and california ( la ) , so my travels in the usa have been very limited . 
  i was meant to be in texas right now but am instead 36 weeks pregnant !, 
  i 'd love to visit maine and the new england area most from the rest of that list i think . 
  though were you to go to scotland , op , you would have the right to camp wherever you liked - including farmland with permission from the landowner - provided you clean up after yourself etc. 
  it 's because scotland has [ freedom to roam ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_to_roam#scotland ) - and looking at that wiki link , til that loads of other european countries do too , which is interesting !, 
  i 've not travelled to any eastern european countries , which i hear are beautiful , but from the `` typical '' uk-resident european destinations ( france , spain , italy etc ) i have been to , tuscany wins by a mile and then some . 
  we stayed in montalcino , which visually almost looks like the scottish highlands with the miles and miles of green rolling mountains and hills , but with much , much better weather !, 
  i would happily live in tuscany , i completely fell in love with it . 
  i had a slice of deep fried pizza when absolutely destroyed on a night out in edinburgh , years ago . 
  i recall it being really tasty at the time , because beers . 
  it looks ... unhealthy , on reflection . 
  they 're good !, 
  usually ham for one quarter , mushrooms or olives for another , tomato/basil for another , and artichoke for the last . 
  they 're definitely more common across europe than in the uk though , unless there 's a classic italian restaurant or pizzeria in your home town . 
  it 's one of the absolutely classic elements of a four seasons pizza . 
  it works really well !, 
  edit : artichoke , that is . 
  it is , and it 's a shame to hear , because i last lived there over 16 years ago ( christ ! ), 
  and it sounds like not a lot has changed . 
  good lord . 
  that 's the one and only time i 've seen stockton look passable , well done !, 
  i love your qualifying `` i do n't live there '' - it made me laugh !, 
  i lived in middlesbrough for 5 years and my other half stayed on ( uni for both of us ) for an additional year in stockton . 
  it makes me shudder to think of !, 
  come one , come all  mind , i am in cambridge ( uk ) where we have a metric fuckton of language schools and exchanges , so there 's lots and lots of students here both through the two universities , or associated with the languages side . 
  it 's a nice place to live , even as a 30-something local , because it 's very inclusive and welcoming to folks from the world over . 
  i think i have about 43 pence in my purse right now . 
  like others , i tend to pay for the majority of my purchases via card . 
  i do n't need to go out at lunch for food as we have two catering options in my office , all of which are paid for via a `` cashless catering '' scheme ( whereby money is loaded on to the same badge we use to swipe into the building , and can be topped up online/via direct debit ) . 
  i really only tend to have a reasonable amount of cash with me if i 'm on holiday ( say around 40-50 euros a day depending on destination ) or if i 'm somewhere where there 'll be limited cashpoints or cashpoints with massive queues , like a music festival . 
  [ ardbeg single malt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ardbeg_distillery ) , one of the peatiest whiskys around . 
  the scottish do know how to make their smoky booze . 
  davy crockett yes , he 's probably your most famous folk woodsman legend . 
  john henry yes , because of the johnny cash version of the legend of john henry . 
  the other two i know of by name but could n't tell you offhand why they 're folk legends without having to look it up . 
   is the grocery store/bank/drug store and such all within a mile of so of all the houses ? 
  i 'm most baffled by this comment , to be honest . 
  oftentimes , no , but people in the uk have learned to either get by on bikes ( particularly prevalent here in cambridge ) or walk a little further , or use public transport . 
  not necessarily as a preference over a car , but as an alternative which in the main works well ( for public transport ) and is free and healthy if you 're walking/cycling . 
  added to which , all of the options you listed - grocery/bank and even pharmacist requests - can often be done online ( or certainly in the uk , certain prescriptions can be phoned through to the local pharmacy ) - groceries can be delivered , banking is mainly done online within my circle of friends at least ( the only exception would be paying in a cheque or some cash i guess ) , so there 's not as much reliance as having to go to one central area ( a retail park/shopping mall i guess ) to do those sorts of things . 
  obviously folks still have emergencies - one of my friends had to get a zipcar ( short 1hr car hire ) to go and pick up nappies for his daughter when they 'd forgotten to go to the supermarket , but that 's only because the shop within walking distance of his house was already closed for the evening . 
  i do n't know if any of this answers your question , necessarily . 
  i think just here in the uk certainly , there 's more of a tradition of the `` corner shop '' or local town high street which covers the consumer basics . 
  it does n't mean people have to compromise or `` get by '' - if anything i am glad for the option of having home-conveniences like local shops for the basics , without having to drive to reach those places every time i want a pint of milk or some bread . 
  a side-museum purely for the air travel side of things , is the imperial war museum [ duxford ] ( http://www.iwm.org.uk/visits/iwm-duxford ) in cambridgeshire - an old raf base converted into a site of military ( and civilian ) aviation history . 
  nope , another vote here for not at all religious , despite being raised c of e and going ( via the brownies then girl guides ) to a weekly sunday church service throughout my childhood . 
  i see the crucifix / jesus symbology as more in line with catholicism though . 
  i do have one bible in the house now , but only because it was important to my mum and when she died i figured i 'd better retrieve and keep it rather than send it to the charity shop . 
  italy - despite having relatives in france , and france coming a close second . 
  the food , the people , the scenery , the history - it 's just the perfect country and i would move there in a heartbeat if i was n't such a wimp . 
  apparently , the [ university library tower ] ( http://photos1.blogger.com/blogger/5503/127/1600/dscf2247.jpg ) at 49m tall . 
  things are generally pretty flat around these parts ... even our buildings are basically squat , overall . 
  i went to teesside uni . 
  i recognised that ... vista ... immediately on opening your link !, 
  i grew up in the north west of england so my regional dialect is a mix of scouse ( liverpool ) and wirral ( the alleged `` posh '' side of the river mersey , which is absolutely not posh ) . 
  i was never a full-on scouser , but i do still use some northern/scouse-isms , despite having lived in southern england for nearly 13/14 years and having lost my northern accent quite some time ago . 
  so i 'll still say things like `` butty '' for sandwich , `` batch '' to describe a bread roll , and so on . 
  for the most part , though , my accent and regionalisms have completely been overtaken by the adopted southern side of me , so i probably use far more southern-isms without realising it . 
  if it 's homemade , i always make a uk ( read : normal portion sized ) version of the burger from hell in one of the man v food episodes . 
  basically , burger patty seasoned with a bit of salt/cayenne pepper . 
  flash-cooked on both sides to seal , then i add a good blob of the hottest sauce i can find and a whole load of sliced jalapenos . 
  cook it all through for about 10 mins , then add some mozzarella to melt over . 
  serve in a white bun . 
  die from the heat ... but it is delicious !, 
  there 's a radio station here in the uk - radio 2 - which is one of our national stations and which has a regular weekly country show , bob harris country . 
  personally i love it . 
  i 'm not a madly rabid country fan but i like some bits and pieces , and the bob harris show is great for learning about new artists - or even old artists i 've never heard of before . 
  i assume that show must generate a lot of listeners and presumably fans . 
  it 's on at 7pm on a weeknight , which is still early enough in the schedule to be considered radio prime time i guess . 
  homeowner ( not outright , under mortgage ) in cambridgeshire - just under 5 miles from the city centre . 
  we were lucky enough to get on to the property ladder over here back in around 2009 - the housing market was n't brilliant but we managed it thanks to graduate mortgages which were available through my bank . 
  if that had n't been in place , we 'd still be renting now , as cambridge is a really expensive part of the country - it 's often equated with london in terms of some prices . 
  arms length is plenty fine for taking a selfie as a group , unless you have tiny little t-rex arms . 
  the evidence on mine and my sil 's phone from various weddings , parties , birthdays and general gatherings attests to as much . 
  hmmm . 
  bakewell tart is a good shout , as is a traditional egg custard . 
  mind you , the portuguese do egg custards much better with their pastel de nata pastries ... mmm ... 
  yeah , integrate was meant by me in your context  just learning a little bit of helpful local language to greet people , order basic things like drinks/snacks , rather than shouting in english more slowly and loudly if you 're not understood the first time !, 
  probably us , which is shameful but true . 
  either the pissed up 17 year old boys and girls out for week long shagfests in magaluf , or 20-something lager-lout , edl-supporting footy-boys abroad at england 's latest ( losing ) match .
