  as prime minister berlusconi passed laws that allowed him to avoid being sentenced guilty in at least 4 different trials . 
  there was overwhelming evidence against him and , had the trails not been stopped by his laws , he would have been found guilty . 
  the investigators did n't take it well , a man escaping judgement by passing laws , and now they are just looking for any pretext to have the him on trial . 
  if he asks for a second and third degree of judgement ( which he will do for sure ) the ban from public office will only be effective if he 's confirmed guilty at the third degree . 
  let 's say somewhere between 2015 and 2016 . 
  with everything that it 's happening in turkey , i am not really sure they are eligible for eu anymore . 
  it has been for a long time . 
  everyone knows that the justice system needs to be heavily rethinked but the problem is that most of the time in the last 20 years berlusconi was prime minister . 
  and since berlusconi is the man who , as prime minister , passed laws that exempted him from of his trials , he was in no position to do a serious reform of the justice system . 
  it 's in archaic italian and while i could certainly transate it , much of it does n't make sense to me and it 's really not funny , probably because the context of those jokes has been lost in time . 
   at least in the south they are screwing people over hard i am not sure what you are talking about . 
  granted i do n't live in the south but i am quite sure internet providers have the same price everywhere in the country , same for mobile providers . 
  about price/quality : my 20mbit dsl costs 19 euros per month . 
  i do n't know if it 's high or low compared to other eu countries but it does n't sound expensive to me and it 's certainly not the reason why italy has fewer internet users . 
  old people , good weather, 
  these things always baffle me . 
  how do they calculate all those values like employment rate , gdp and so on if they do n't even know how many people actually live there . 
  unemployment in italy is currently at 12.7 % , it 's the highest value since 1977 and it 's still going up, 
  well it is a complex issue, 
  yes they are . 
  they entered those countries illegally and then moved to italy ( also illegally because they do n't have a permit and they 're not ue residents ) . 
  i am not sure i get what you 're saying . 
  you think it 's immoral to save women and children from death ? 
   a better solution would be to quit letting refugees into italy and what , just let them die ? 
  most of them are women and children that used the savings of a lifetime to get a ride on a boat run by smugglers that drop them on the italian coast half-dead from starvation and then just leaves . 
  keep in mind that we have dozens of thousands of illegal immigrants coming to italy every year and ( according to official data ) only 35 % of those come from northern africa . 
  [ 65 % come from other eu countries ] ( http://www.stranieriinitalia.it/news/viminale14ago2006.htm ) . 
  edit to clarify : i am not talking about eu residents , i am talking about immigrants who entered illegally in greece or spain and then moved to italy ( also illegally ) . 
  600 euros ? 
  fuck we do n't have that much , we 're screwed, 
  snowy country somewhere up north ruled by zlatan ibrahimovic and mostly dedicated to mass production of low-quality furniture that we all buy and love . 
  also home of the telecommunications giant that is so kind to pay my check every month . 
  god i love sweden . 
  wow this is very sad, 
  all statistics data gathered by the italian statistics institution ( istat ) is [ available online ] ( http://dati.istat.it/?lang=en ) . 
  edit : average salary is 29.766 euros median salary is 24.538 euros, 
   the average pay for 40 hours a week ( plus , usually , unpaid extra time ) is something in the range of 1100 to 1200 euros per month the average pay in italy is 1410 euros per month , according to the latest data . 
  i never watched eurovision , i must be american then, 
  austria is frozen in time, 
  * we have a new government * juventus is about to win another scudetto * economy is still shit, 
   italy nothing ? 
  you only say that because you are not aware of the [ latest addition ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3e/vespa_militare2.jpg ) to our powerful army . 
  we should switch back to quarterly measures !, 
  isis have been babbling a lot about `` conquering rome '' and shit like that lately, 
   the embassy was closed and no civilian staff members are among the injured , an embassy official told ap, 
  his point is that all european countries had to go through budget cuts and sacrifices in order to follow the rules , greece can not ask to be special and ignore them . 
  a rough translation : greece can negotiate better conditions but they have to follow the rules , otherwise we are not a community anymore . 
  we did n't cut our pensions so that the greek could keep theirs . 
  if countries stop following the rules then what happens in spain in october or in france next year ? 
  asking for more flexibility is ok but it does n't mean that you can break the rules . 
  we want to save greece but the greek must want to save themselves as well . 
  if you watch it on the project 's [ website ] ( http://www.fallen.io/ww2/ ) instead of vimeo , the video is interactive . 
  jump to 7:20 , where the deaths are shown on a timeline , and pause the video . 
  then you can mouse-over every single data point and get specific information about deaths , events and fights for any country for every single month of the war . 
  civil wars of the '90s are in the graph . 
  this should be the top comment . 
  just watched the first 4 episodes , thanks for the link . 
  hehe yes `` gallic nation '' made me chuckle as well , definitely not something that an italian politician would say . 
   mario monti -- who was dubbed `` super mario '' for saving the country from collapse at the height of the eurozone debt crisis not true . 
  the nickname `` super mario '' was given to him more than 15 years ago during his office at the european commission , in particular because of his role in the antitrust case against microsoft . 
   gallic nation threatens to blow europe 's franco-german axis apart this is the daily anti-euro article from the telegraph , nothing more . 
  anyone who claims to be able to predict the consequences of leaving the eu is full of shit . 
  no one knows what would happen . 
  the problem is just too complex . 
  energy companies working on the [ gas pipeline ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greenstream_pipeline ) that goes from libya to italy . 
  that also . 
  i do n't think england for example would ever join a european army . 
   france and britain have commitments outside of europe . 
   either the common army is obliged to meet those commitments unconditionally , or they wo n't go for it . 
  most military operations abroad are under the auspices of un or nato or eu , a european army would be much more efficient for those . 
  for other operations , countries that want to be able to operate on their own would have to keep a ( smaller ) national army i guess . 
  from an economic point of view a centralized army has only benefits . 
  one chain of command , one budget , one hierarchy . 
  cost savings and efficiency increase would be huge compared to the existing national armies . 
  the many practical problems can be dealt with , it is worth it in the long run . 
  it 's not real hate of course , it 's only banter and jokes , my dear baguette . 
  i just realized that some of the hundreds of thousands of german tourists that come to italy may actually be austrians , 
  renzi is not only prime minister , he is also leader of the center-left party ( pd ) . 
  if he loses this referendum he will be facing fierce internal opposition from the `` left '' wing of the party ( especially from former prime ministers bersani and d'alema , who are already openly fighting him on this issue ) . 
  with pd caught in an internal struggle and pdl ( berlusconi 's party ) in decline , there is a very good chance that populist party m5s could win the elections . 
  on the other hand if renzi wins the referendum , internal opposition would lose their main argument and the party will have to begrudgingly unite under him . 
  according to our media , removing the eu flag was suggested by renzi 's new political advisor jim messina , former campaign manager for obama , as part of the new strategy plan to convince people to vote yes at the constitutional referendum in december . 
  no , that would be a trick to circumvent the law , it never works . 
  we have the same law in italy since 1975, 
  too early to say . 
  what we know so far : * the two trains were not operated by the national railways operator ( trenitalia ) but by a regional company named ferrotramviaria * both trains had four carriages * the line had a single track in that segment . 
  there are costruction works ongoing to build a second track * on average 200 trains per day pass through that intersection * cause of the accident still unknown * 20 confirmed dead , many injured, 
  what happened to him ? 
  i assume there has been a trial ? 
  they can . 
  http://www.migrationpolicy.org/article/troubled-waters-rescue-asylum-seekers-and-refugees-sea  when refugees or asylum seekers are among those rescued at sea , however , the list of options is narrowed . 
  a refugee must not , under international law , be forcibly returned to a country where his or her life or freedom would be endangered -- or , by extension , to a country where he or she would not be protected against such return . 
  first of all , the title is a bit misleading . 
  italy did n't rescue 4500 migrants , most of them were rescued by eu/frontex ships and dropped on the italian coast . 
  for example a group of 200 were saved by a dutch ship . 
  sending them `` straight back '' is not that easy . 
  many of them ask for asylum or claim to be war refugees , by law all asylum requests have to be processed , which requires working with foreign countries to do the necessary background checks , as you can imagine those things take time . 
  even those who do n't require asylum can not be sent straight back because they do n't carry id on them and it 's not always straightforward to figure out where they are from . 
  again , those things take time . 
  finally you have people who need medical care and that are not in condition to travel immediately .
