  last but not least , we are required by international laws to rescue any ship that is sinking in our waters , we do n't do it because it 's fun . 
  in fact it 's crazily expensive and we do n't gain anything by doing it ( except saving human lives ) . 
  there are no italians in civ , instead we have the romans . 
  i ca n't honestly say that i disagree with that choice , the roman empire certainly had a bigger impact than our small nation . 
  maybe italy could have it 's own civilization as well , after all civ4 had germany and the holy roman empire as separate civs . 
  augustus caesar is a perfect choice as leader of the romans , no complaints there . 
  the depiction is quite good . 
  if you are from italy and you do n't know that `` boia chi molla '' was a fascist slogan then you are a bit ignorant , but it 's understandable from an 18 years old millionaire who plays soccer for a living . 
  the number 88 thing is definitely not an issue , some jewish people got offended because `` h is the eighth letter of the alphabet , so 88 equates to hh , or heil hitler '' ... 
  he is almost certainly not . 
  from wikipedia : `` in a match against lazio in september 1999 , he had faced heavy criticism for bearing the fascist slogan `` boia chi molla '' ( `` who gives up is a scoundrel '' ) handwritten on a t-shirt under his goalkeeping jersey , which he proceeded to show to the fans after the match . 
  buffon publicly apologised , stating that he was completely ignorant of the slogan 's neo-fascist connotations , stating that he had first encountered the slogan written on a boarding school desk , and was unaware of its far right-wing association . 
  he declared that he merely intended to use the slogan to spur on his teammates and the fans , as parma had previously encountered some disappointing results . '', 
  my impression is that currently people desire 2 things more than anything else : more jobs and tighter border control ( less immigrants from africa ) . 
  eu should work in that direction maybe . 
  there is nothing to enjoy , we live in a connected world . 
  if the uk goes into an economic crisis , it will bring the rest of europe ( and probably the world ) down as well . 
  but the children will be roman citizens and they will inherit the land that was given to the soldier . 
  the economic crisis of 2008-2012 left many people heavily disgruntled with the traditional main parties . 
  they catered to those people , portraying themselves as a party made of honest citizens who rise from the bottom to fight against the corrupt political class . 
  they have n't evolved much in my opinion , they seem to be genuinely honest and well intentioned but also dramatically unprepared and unexperienced . 
  edit : they are almost guaranteed to win the elections for the mayor of rome because the two traditional big parties ( left wing pd and right wing pdl ) were both recently involved in a huge local corruption scandal and were caught doing business with local criminal organizations . 
  holy roman empire 2.0, 
  also [ this ] ( http://gds.it.cdn-immedia.net/2016/02/invicta-2-366x505.jpg ) . 
  and food, 
  this only shows how good of a deal the uk had really . 
  did anyone actually read the article ? 
  the italian president said that the ** majority of the countries ** agreed to extend the sanctions against russia for 6 months as usual , instead of the 12 months proposed by poland . 
  the sanctions are staying , nothing changes really , and italy did n't block anything , it was a majority vote . 
  we went to iraq and afghanistan , what makes you think we would n't go to poland ? 
  even if you guys leave the eu , i am sure you will keep funding esa so yeah . 
   italy would need to undertake economic reforms to clean up the justice system and the public administration , cut taxes and and invest in productivity-improvement technologies . 
  yeah this will totally happen, 
  italian economy is not in the best shape but it 's not that bad either and it 's certainly not `` going down ''  the uk could fail and not drag an entire continent to the brink of ecnomic misery this is just not true . 
  like it or not we live in a global connected world . 
  a country the size of italy or england going bankrupt will always trigger a world crisis . 
  yes , because the uk never bailed out or nationalized any bank . . 
  only to complete the 2017 budget law . 
  and that was approved on friday, 
  not much . 
  the new government will stay in charge until the elections . 
  it 's not our navy . 
  it 's frontex eu ships . 
  many of them are dutch by the way . 
  yesterday a dutch cargo dropped 400 on the coast of italy, 
  yes , the current government will stay in charge until the 2017 budget law ( that is currently being discussed in the parliament ) is approved . 
  renzi will effectively remain pm for a couple of weeks . 
  probably a temporary government , backed by the same majority that supports the current one . 
  general elections in spring 2018 . 
  it 's a sad day . 
  after this referendum we are going to leave the eu and send our country and europe into chaos . 
  at least according to the british press !, 
   a `` no '' victory followed by renzi 's resignation could trigger market panic a no victory followed by renzi 's resignation would probably just mean a new pm and a new cabinet , backed by the same majority that currently supports renzi 's government . 
  that 's it . 
  newspaper articles comparing this referendum to brexit are hilarious . 
   running large deficits for decades is not austerity . 
  piling debt is not austerity . 
  refusing to cut spending to refrain from worsening the financial situation is n't austerity . 
  it 's the exact opposite of austerity . 
  it 's simply bad economic policy . 
  i agree , in fact i said the same thing , see the last 2 paragraphs of my post . 
   italian economy is a clusterfuck . 
  it 's not in the best shape but not too bad either . 
  it 's not growing as fast as the rest of europe but at least it 's not going down anymore . 
   they will vote no to the referendum correct . 
   and vote grillo into office too early to say , elections are in 2018 . 
   how has italy practised austerity ? 
  they 're running a budget deficit of 3 % gdp + since over twenty years well that 's exactly what austerity is : a set of economic policies aimed at keeping the budget deficit below the 3 % threshold imposed by the eu . 
  so we have been very good at it  the main argument against austerity is that that threshold should be flexible and should be temporarily increased in case of necessity , for example during a recession you might want to increase your deficit to stimulate the economy . 
  considering that our gdp growth has been flat for the last 10 years you can see why austerity measures are particularly unpopular in italy . 
  in my opinion it 's a flawed argument . 
  first of all we already have a degree of flexibility within the eu regulations . 
  and also increasing our public debt ( which is already at 135 % of our gdp ) would be suicidal , we already pay too much in debt interests . 
  we should try to reduce our public debt , not increase it . 
  without the debt interest our budget deficit would be +2 % , same as germany . 
  our economy is burdened by public debt , yet people like stiglitz think we should increase it . 
  nothing changes in regards to eu until the next general elections ( mid 2018 ) . 
  easy , he thought he would win . 
  at that time his government was very popular . 
  today not so much . 
  difficult to say , and i am hardly an expert , anyway i will give my 2 cents : having elections right after losing the referendum would mean an almost guaranteed win for populist party m5s , not going to happen . 
  renzi 's biggest issue is internal opposition , the `` left '' wing of his party has been marginalized and it 's heavily disgruntled . 
  renzi will have to deal with them , probably grant them more power to influence decisions and give them few seats in the cabinet . 
  that said , never under-estimate the center-left parties when it comes to to suicide themselves  i would say that there is a slight chance that the center-left will split in two and then proceed to lose the elections . 
  uk is as part of europe as france or italy or germany and they are certainly not an enemy . 
  i still hope they will reconsider and stay in the eu in some form . 
  it 's just tactics . 
  he knows that he is going to lose this referendum , he is planning his next move in order to try to stay in power . 
  in my opinion it 's the opposite . 
  currently every law has to be approved ( exactly in the same terms ) by both houses . 
  this makes the legislation process very slow because any of the two houses can make changes and then the other house has to re-vote . 
  as you can imagine this can take months or years . 
  so what happens is that quite often the government just issues a temporary decree , that will later be approved by the parliament . 
  with the proposed new system , only one of the houses will vote on new laws , thus reducing the need for government decrees . 
  give them a break , it 's only their first phone call . 
  if we are talking about budget here : uk+f rance + italy + germany have a combined total of 170b usd per year in military expenditures . 
  it 's 3 times what russia spends . 
  instead of increasing the budget maybe we should just become more efficient ( ie eu army ) . 
  it 's true that a proper translation in italian of  `` necesito cambiar un poco de dinero '' would be  ho bisogno di cambiare un po ' di soldi but you could also say  necessito di cambiare un poco di denaro which is almost identical to the spanish line . 
  no italian would say it this way , you would sound weird and old fashioned , but it 's technically a correct sentence in italian !,
