come on . 
  do n't let me ask you if this is seriously a photograph . 
   yeah ok . like it has n't attacked any country during the last 20 years , for example . 
  if nato countries attack another country , individual members are not obligated to join in . 
  they 're only obligated to do so in defensive efforts . 
  what you 're providing is false reasoning . 
  far right parties i know of do generally want to cut military but boost police budgets with that money . 
  they 're also big on the left wing policies fascists got big on . 
  social security and the like . 
  a lot of far-right populist parties are left wing on economic and social issues ... 
  idea : join nato . 
  / r/mildlyinteresting . 
  very mildly . 
  i live in the netherlands and i sometimes forget that so many countries do this for adults . 
  the cliche is generally only limited to germany but so many countries do it . 
  naturally . 
  i understand the situation . 
  i suppose the term is different in eastern europe than in western europe . 
  i never stopped to consider it might mean russians in latvia for example . 
  still , i think the us vs them mentality is unhealthy for any country . 
  here in western europe it 's done a lot to muslim immigrants even though there are more than plenty who are perfectly integrated and to me are citizens in the exact same way native europeans are . 
  dislike that term , `` true citizen '' . 
  sure . 
  islam is the exception . 
  but the speed at which they created an empire from spain to persia is really just unprecedented . 
  also , at that point the west already collapsed . 
  kinda proves my point , do n't it ? 
  the east also had natural defense in the form of desert . 
  eh , i feel like that 's debatable . 
  the west was definitely larger , so needed more troops to defend its bloated borders and that perhaps made it more costly than the east . 
  all i 'm saying is that wars have been fought over less severe `` accidents '' . 
  and i could already put two and two together : pro-russian separatists shoot down plane ? 
  there 's a greater than zero chance they got the equipment to do that from russia . 
  this is n't a great revelation to me personally . 
  confirming something we all already knew to be true , yes ? 
  at least i 'm glad it 's in the news again . 
  in times before ww2 , this was a crime bad enough to cause a state of war between two countries . 
  i 'm not advocating for one of course , but it also should n't be taken lightly . 
  i 'm sure this is all in good fun , but this is kinda scary to me . 
  reminds me a lot of what certain liberated european countries ( ahem mine included ) did to women who had relations with nazis . 
  free speech is not a thing for private entities . 
  facebook can ban people all they want for saying anything they say . 
  only governments can not take action against individuals saying certain things . 
  scrolled through and did n't find it . 
  i guess i 'll start : freude, 
  i wonder , when most countries complain about the eu , they say things like `` we should give more power to the hague/paris/berlin and less to brussels ! '', 
  but what do euro-skeptic belgians say ? 
  let 's not compare either to nazis , because it does n't follow through . 
  authoritarian leaders are not the same as nazis . 
  yeah but : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/23/ptolemyworldmap.jpg i 'm not talking about the proportions he got wrong in europe , just look at india . 
  i do n't think they traded directly though , because roman maps often have the proportions of india and sri lanka all wrong . 
  i mean , yeah . 
  pretty much . 
  still saves tons of money . 
  d66 and gl do it . 
  not too hard to sell there . 
  regardless , it was part of the eu at some point . 
  they want to increase our national military but vvd does n't want to start what will help us out most : move towards a european army . 
  infantry was much more general purpose than it is today . 
  yeah i think more integrated eu militaries would be great , and probably a huge money saver . 
  belgium and holland are already sharing f16 air defense . 
  ... are finns the white walkers ? 
  was n't greenland part of the eu for a really short amount of time after gaining independence ? 
  `` jesus wars '' sounds like the name of a made-up movie at the end of a terrible family guy joke . 
  the brazilian wax comes from that strip . 
  sunday with lubay . 
  a quick google would show you there was absolutely no soccer match . 
  wow , i did n't know it did n't even compare in raw numbers to pre-famine ireland , i thought it was just population momentum . 
  assuming we 're talking about the same landmass , and the pre-famine one does n't include northern ireland . 
  i heard ireland , in terms of population growth , still has n't recovered from the potato famine . 
  would make sense if the land is cheap there , i guess . 
  i think the coalition model is the best form of government democracy currently has . 
  just do n't vote strategically . 
  the joke hinges on the person slipping into their footwear without picking them up . 
  it works well for clogs and other relatively easy to enter footwear . 
  okay , that was n't the intention . 
  may have gotten carried away near the end , but what i meant to say in essence was : do n't vote strategically . 
  not for a right wing party , not for a left wing party . 
  vote who you want to vote for . 
  not to mention , for the netherlands srebrenica was at worst culpable homicide , wheras the turkish government in the past was directly responsible for those atrocities , sometimes premeditated . 
  i hope to god not too many people are strategically voting vvd . 
  making vvd bigger than pvv is not going to make the pvv less likely to sit in government . 
  as is , it 's already as unlikely as possible . 
  vvd 's climate policy is terrible and we 're looking at another cash-driven mandate for rutte . 
  not always the same as genocides , but certainly atrocities . 
  i feel like once you go half ~ ~ retard ~ ~ erdogan , you have to go full erdogan . 
  so i understand the logic that they 'd do something like this . 
  us does sanctions against russia for the crimea invasion , russia does the same to us . 
  then you can say , that 's not tit for tat , but it does make sense politically . 
  wimpie drees of course !, 
  yep . 
  but they 're also not monotone . 
  fun fact , `` americans '' are n't a monotone group of people . 
  assuming polling holds . 
  ask a group `` do you trust politician x in power on issue y ? '', 
  the majority will say no . 
  the same was said vice versa so whether wilders said that makes no difference , assuming rutte keeps his word . 
  and ? 
  the status quo is different in germany than it is in the netherlands . 
  d66 and gl can form a front within the coalition to push for social left-wing ideals .
