  i , for one , look forward to voting on one of the 500 parties that will form a coalition . 
  i need ten good men . 
  as a non-american , `` illanois '' ? 
  really ? 
  it 's a you get what you ask for , but nothing more kind of deal . 
  true , it 's like 99 % of the way there . 
  sure . 
  almost all politicians will not move their positions in a more acceptable way , even if they themselves believe it to be right , simply because not enough of the voting population agrees with it . 
  there are plenty of ways to get by that flaw , though , without actually hoping for a benevolent dictator . 
  what about pvv ? 
  surely they 're for the death penalty in regards to terrorism and rape and stuff ? 
  seems like a solid tokkie position . 
  that 's true , the sgp gets about 2-3 % every election from the same people every time . 
  they 're almost a single-issue party , whereas the actual christian democrats will go more moderate on their views to garner more votes . 
  interesting , though that is n't completely the same as saying gays deserve 100 % the same rights as straight people . 
  that 's what i thought , too . 
  i 'm saying it 's a flaw of democracy , not that lgbt rights would be better in a dictatorship . 
  and what i mean by that is , elected representatives are not going to champion lgbt rights 90 % of the time if their constituents do n't approve of it . 
  i believe it was the first country to officially accept both legal unions and proper marriage . 
  i just think that the christian politicians realize how quickly they 'd be voted out if they remain anti-gay in the netherlands , mostly . 
  see , rich , large countries being profitable in the eu . 
  it 's all possible , you just have to do what you as a country are good at . 
  i , too , would like to know that . 
  not a fan of it . 
  i would , but i 'm a wild crazy liberal . 
  you reckon turkey would be higher than russia ? 
  which is strange because the netherlands has a bible belt too , yet somehow our most conservative christian politicians are still okay with gay marriage . 
  this is a flaw of democracy in its current form , in a sense . 
  why though ? 
  is there that much traffic ? 
  it looks like mediocre fantasy naming . 
  everything from a to backwards r, 
  i 'm fine with it . 
  companies would move abroad anyway if wages got too expensive for it to be lucrative . 
  might as well even it out on a larger scale so that at least happens less often . 
  in the long term , i think it serves to improve job availability . 
  it was mostly the parts in tpp that gave companies the same kind of powers that governments have , including the possibility for a corporation to sue an individual in an international court of law that i disagree with . 
  again though , saying free trade is good to a rust belt factory worker who has lost his job is n't going to do any good . 
  they lost their job now and want another job now . 
  i feel for them , but they should n't give in to the temptation of populism . 
  19th century protectionism does n't fucking work . 
  all it achieves is increasing the prices of goods for the consumers , nothing more . 
  nobody stands to gain . 
  i was against the tpp , but because of different clauses . 
  i 'm all for free trade itself . 
  russia is n't necessarily a superpower , but it 's a regional power nonetheless . 
  without usa , europe would get constantly powerplayed by putin . 
  honestly fine with centralizing power into use . 
  we ca n't continue to depend on some idiot across the atlantic to defend us from putin 's ambitions . 
  for a few months , yes . 
  looks pretty much dark gray to me . 
  1930 is pretty close to 100 years ago . 
  time flies . 
  most of these are english puns though , thinking logically that wo n't happen . 
  is there a sub for this landscape flagging ? 
  it 's kinda like shots fired at the purpose of military operations in the middle east , without the last sentence . 
  those guys keep forgetting that this winter/fall came incredibly late . 
  we had summer-esque temperatures back in november . 
  hey , chances of developing negative traits are minimum and chances of passing on good congenital traits are increased . 
  it 's simple science , man . 
  do n't judge me . 
  well ... about cyprus ... 
   socialism, 
  cos we like `` russia , fuck yo couch '', 
  frankreich is `` realm/kingdom / `` empire '' of the franks '' , fransosische ( sp ) reich would be `` french empire '' . 
  well , they 'll soon figure that out if they leave the eu . 
  it 's from the word `` holt '' , meaning wood . 
  it 's a common misconception that the `` hol '' in `` holland '' means hollow . 
  yes . 
  low countries does not translate to holland , it translates to netherlands . 
  netherlands is the same as low lands . 
  the `` hol '' in holland was probably derived from an old dutch word for wood , and is n't an abbreviation of `` hollow land '' . 
  `` to keep reading , please enter a valid email '' lol fuck off . 
  i agree , i do n't want to live in a country ruled by religion either . 
  but i think it 's kind of ironic , and people like this are playing right into the hand of right-wing populists . 
  those often propose the `` judeo-christian values '' as the correct ones . 
  basically , because you are terrified of the ridiculous possibility of a religious minority taking over the whole country ( seems pretty reminiscent of something , ahem ) , you allow another religion to become a central part in the state , subsequently losing whatever you thought you were fighting for . 
  the sunni/shia divide is a partial reason for hostilities in the region . 
  it 's a reason i chose my words carefully . 
   the west is ** partially ** to blame for that mess, 
  not comparing them to ( imo ) extremely right wing people . 
  just people who are xenophobic and vote a right-populist party . 
  sadly there are so many of those that it becomes almost a normality . 
  there are some of those xenophobes that i do get along with despite all that , so i 'm not comparing them to nazis or anything . 
  they 're just misguided people that are scared of the wrong things . 
  like you said , long as we keep using paper ballots we 're good . 
  but loads of idiots wan na `` innovate '' by using voting computers . 
  the netherlands adopted voting computers , but went back to paper ballots after someone ( correctly ) pointed out to them how risky they are . 
  many countries do still use them though . 
  the usa , the supposed bulwark of free and fair elections , has widespread use of them . 
  which we most definitely ca n't trust . 
  it 's clear as day the russians preferred trump to win . 
  let 's not pretend that while our establishment politicians are corrupt , russia somehow will be our savior from them . 
  not sure how they 're gon na hack the dutch elections . 
  that 's all paper ballots again . 
  yeah , actually . 
  most people are leading a peaceful life in the middle east . 
  it 's a shithole there , but the west is partially to blame for that mess . 
  i 've met many many many more likable muslims in my life than likable xenophobes , so maybe the disturbances are mostly from xenophobes blowing every single thing out of proportion ? 
  ... that 's not how percentiles work .
