oh right , sorry i thought you was responding to the amsterdam part . 
  is the pvv really all that popular in amsterdam ? 
  knock them down and use them to fill in the north sea . 
  saying you have a source without providing it is the same as not having a source when it comes to evidence . 
  it 's no different to just saying `` trust me '', 
  what do you mean by our own people ? 
  you make it sound like we have fought off an invading army who wanted to set up a dictatorship . 
  the terms described are so broad it 's a bit like listening to a psychic . 
  sure everyone likes the sound of living with their `` own '' people , but i bet most people have a different view of what their own people would be . 
  it wo n't be the ruling party held responsible . 
  it will be immigrants , wto , the welsh or whoever else they want to point blame at . 
  and then what if people pick up on it ? 
  we vote labour and start the cycle again . 
  what do we get for getting our country back ? 
  genuine question . 
  the latest i could find with a quick google was from 2013 . 
  it had the paris area at 44,200 and the lowest was limousin at 20,300 . 
  so a huge margin , but not quite 4x . 
  for the record , on that same list , south yorkshire is sat at 19,900 while inner london is 80,300 . 
  the second highest in the uk is north eastern scotland at 39,500 . 
  so nearly the same percentage gap between the highest and lowest in france than the first and second in the uk . 
  yeah that was more my point . 
  regardless of brexit or not , that gap will remain . 
  if london gdp goes down , so will the other areas . 
  i 'm honestly not even sure what can be done at this stage , it 's something that would take decades to even half , but that requires a party to solely want to make that happen . 
  look at the gdp of inner london compared to the gdp of other areas in the uk . 
  i live in sheffield , the 5th biggest city in the uk , and inner london has 4 times the gdp of south yorkshire . 
  it 's like this around most other big cities as well . 
  no other country has even close to this , with most sitting at maybe double between the richest and poorest areas . 
  i live 5 minutes from where this will be . 
  a big reason for this is that boeing already have a large amount of research and development at the amrc in sheffield . 
  so it makes sense for them to build it in the same place as they have a deal with the university of sheffield who also owns part of the amrc . 
  boeing is more a case of producing few large products than lots of smaller products . 
  i do n't think they will see much difference in or out of the single market based on customs . 
  not to the stage where it would be more cost efficient to start up a new research centre . 
  i visited lisbon a few weeks back . 
  when i got there i was warned by the apartment owner that the portuguese were scared of rain . 
  being british , i informed him i was used to it and nothing to worry about . 
  that was until i walked on these deathtraps of pavements . 
  the second the rain hit them , it was like walking on ice . 
  it was even worse by the fact i was in lisbon which is just a giant hill and everything is on a slant . 
  once the sun came out though and dried it up they looked beautiful . 
  just a little more deadly than expected , and i fully understand why the locals would be terrified of the rain . 
  every sunday is too much . 
  you 'll spread people too thin and end up with poor looking support . 
  this can then be shown in the media as a lack of support . 
  once per month is a much better idea as it means people have to take less time out of their daily life 's and allows for a much larger turn out for the media , which i 'd assume is the point , to draw attention to eu support . 
  and look where that got us in the 80s, 
  rotterdam makes it over amsterdam ? 
  well that 's upset me . 
  so how do you get back ? 
  and yet , a lot of britain 's most wanted criminals are living in spain and other countries . 
  we are n't any better at keeping them here . 
  why the hostility ? 
  i have no hard feelings towards the uk , and i never will as a lot of family and friends still live there . 
  why so much aggression because i feel that certain places on the mainland are better for me personally ? 
  i do n't feel like that will be the case . 
  the media has a strong influence on britain , and i 'm sure they will continue to spin the blame onto something else . 
  it 's sadly being a trait for quite a while to poke the blame onto anything but the government . 
  i even saw people a while back posting about how the eu is responsible for selling off the energy , transport and telecommunications in britain since we were in the eu that happened . 
  we do n't teach of our failings in history , only our good parts . 
  and even then we do n't overly teach much history . 
  you said that everyone who voted for brexit should be punished , but they are n't really being punished , they do n't care as they voted out . 
  i understand that britain voted out , and i expect us to leave , i was just disagreeing with who you said we 're being punished for this . 
  it would lower the number born , not necessarily lower the amount born into poverty . 
  eastern europeans are most likely to take the lower paid jobs as its still a step up for them , even though they would be classed poor by belgian standards . 
  any us president is a potential threat to international stability , purely based on the fact that get involved with most big political events . 
  however , trump seems to be going out of his way on his own agenda and just disregarding what might be bad for his country as a whole . 
  he can not handle criticism and would much rather cut off a country when told no than try and work out a deal . 
  but i did n't vote out . 
  i want to remain an eu citizen and live on the continent , like most brexiters tell me too . 
  but that will be difficult if i lose my eu membership . 
  lower the money earnt from taxes , want to increase the budget from tax money . 
  if you have less money , how can you spend more ? 
  it 's a genuine fairytale . 
  i want number 7 to be true , but i 100 % do n't believe it with a tory government in charge . 
  workers rights will be the first to go . 
  i once read dr pepper makes you infertile , so i 'm going to blame that . 
  waitrose sell it online . 
  both orange and pineapple . 
  certainly do sell it in glass bottles , i buy it all the time . 
  sometimes have offers on for like 35p a 250ml bottle . 
  it 's a bargain . 
  do n't you go removing the 3 x 's, 
  i think it 's more a case they are only really used in dodgy activities . 
  how often would your average person need to use a $ 500 note ? 
  most big purchases are done with card these days . 
  so what happens when a customer uses a vpn ? 
  the system has no idea where the user is from , so where would tax be paid ? 
  there are so many variables in something like this that it would be impossible to track . 
  even within the eu there were some countries that did n't have roaming . 
  one of them being the netherlands , which happened to be where i went the most . 
  you use a system known as [ cash rounding ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cash_rounding ) . 
  payments via card still just take the full amount . 
  he was n't directing it at you , just making a statement . 
  they 're all online mainly , and after the rise of buzzfeed other media just copied it . 
  it 's what gets clicks , and clicks mean advert views . 
  a large number of people click in just to argue with people . 
  how do people still believe this when it 's been proven time and time again to not be the case . 
  but the factories are in the uk .
