a fianna fail , youth defense and household tax advocate was teaching a class on charles haughey , known capitalist . 
  `` before the class begins , you must get on your knees and worship haughey and accept that he was the greatest irishman the world has ever known , even greater than michael collins ! '' at this moment , a brave , pro-palestinian , fluent irish-speaking , eirigi champion stood up and asked , `` how much do you earn ? '' the arrogant professor smirked quite britishly and smugly replied `` enough to close down a hospital in roscommon . '' '' well it 's peoples like yous is the reason this country is fucked ! '' the professor was visibly shaken , and dropped his chalk and copy of the ulster covenant . 
  he stormed out of the room crying those fluoride tears . 
  the same tears the catholic hierarchy cry because young people are n't stupid enough to go to mass anymore . 
  the students applauded and wrote ` no contract ' on their irish water envelopes and accepted luke ` ming ' flannigan as their lord and saviour . 
  a wild goose named `` save the grant '' flew into the room and perched atop the tricolour and shed a tear on the chalk . 
  the fields of athenry was sung several times , and james connolly himself showed up and destroyed jobbridge . 
  the professor lost his tenure and was fired the next day . 
  he was later rightfully killed for advocating minimum pricing for off licenses . 
  if someone you know that says pc has gone too far , but has a disabled relative , remind them that it 's the difference between your brother/cousin/aunt being called disabled and spastic . 
  move to china and you 'll find yourself doing the same . 
  hahaha !, 
  fools !, 
  how could a country be so stup ... ... oh . 
  the spanish inquisition really brought down the numbers !, 
  also , the media in the uk would have you believe that the number is much higher . 
  welcome to our world !, 
  please enter area code * ( ireland does n't have area codes , and that space is usually mandatory ) upcoming gigs : dublin , united kingdom . 
  but the sun told me it was !, 
  do n't be a paki about it !, 
  norwegians are known for marching provocatively through catholic areas of oslo . 
  knock is like disneyland for coffin dodgers . 
  ctrl + c , ctrl + v, 
   the plantations which , by modern standards , is not an event anyone should want to commemorate or be proud of oh , how i wish this was true !, 
  its the only word in the english language with six silent letters at the start . 
  i think we can all agree to call it legenderry . 
  or doire/c \u00fail rathain as it was originally intended . 
  well , in that case i urge you to take to the streets and renounce all the atrocities committed by loyalist terrorists in northern ireland . 
  including the orange order marches , and the flag protests . 
  i have no idea what this means . 
  but all i know is if my country 's closer to norway and farthest from russia , while still beating the uk , that 's a good sign . 
  i do n't mind a bit of population replacement . 
  we can send all our young adults to act the bollocks in australia . 
  because they 're full of shit . 
  suck it uk !, 
  fuck our government 's bullshit solutions to drinking problems . 
  we 've already got the highest prices and most restrictive licensing laws . 
  the reason the streets look like shit on a friday night is because all the clubs/pubs have to close at the same time ( 2:30 am ) , forcing everyone to hit the streets and swamp the chipper . 
  let us drink at our own pace and stop treating us like children . 
  the polish have sort of stolen our bit ; they work harder than us , for less money , and they 've even had a pope , so fuck it , they 're more catholic than us . 
  only to get our grandparents off our back/get the children into a good school . 
  catch up lads !, 
  very interesting for me because i work in [ westport house ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/westport_house ) , which her descendants turned into a museum/pirate theme park . 
  grace o'malley ( c. 1530 -- c. 1603 ; also gr\u00e1inne o'malley , [ 1 ] irish : gr\u00e1inne n\u00ed mh\u00e1ille ) was queen of umaill , chieftain of the \u00d3 m\u00e1ille clan following in the footsteps of her father eoghan dubhdara \u00d3 m\u00e1ille . 
  upon his death , she inherited his large shipping and trading business ( sometimes accused of being a piracy trade ) . 
  the income from this business , the land inherited from her mother , and the property and holdings from her first husband , d\u00f3nal an chogaidh \u00d3 flaithbheartaigh , allowed her to become very wealthy ( reportedly owning as much as 1000 head of cattle and horses ) . 
  in 1593 , when her sons , tibbot burke and murrough o'flaherty , and her half-brother , donal-na-piopa , were taken captive by the english governor of connacht , sir richard bingham , o'malley sailed to england to petition elizabeth i for their release . 
  she formally presented her request to elizabeth at her court in greenwich palace . 
  after much talk , the two women came to an agreement . 
  included in the stipulations for each party , elizabeth was to remove sir bingham from his position in ireland and o'malley was to stop supporting the irish lords ' rebellions . 
  the meeting seemed to have done some good for richard bingham was removed from service . 
  however , several of o'malley 's other demands ( including the return of the cattle and land that bingham had stolen from her ) remained unmet and within a rather short period of time , elizabeth sent bingham back to ireland . 
  upon bingham 's return , o'malley realised that the meeting with elizabeth had been useless , and went back to supporting irish rebellions during the nine years war . 
  she most likely died at rockfleet castle around 1603 , the same year as elizabeth , though the year and place of her death are disputed . 
  ah sher , they 're just kicking up a fuss !, 
  i 'm a protestant , ted !, 
  bobby sands won a seat as an mp while on hunger strike in prison for his ira activity . 
  because ukip will give you dirty looks and say that they were right ? 
  northern ireland : best - usums . 
  least - them ` uns, 
  if you send back norton , jonathan ross will be the talk show all the visiting celebs do . 
  do you really want to take that chance ? 
  and do n't talk shit about norton !, 
  decking , gas barbecues that get used twice a year , unnecessary house extensions , breakfast rolls , holiday homes in bulgaria , farmers drinking lattes , tanning salons in tubercurry . 
  the list is endless . 
  i miss the stuff . 
  it 's usually used for america , except 200 years . 
  what 's the difference between ulster and yogurt ? 
  if you leave yogurt for 300 years it will grow a culture . 
  it 's the opposite for ireland . 
  the blond guy dj 'd at my friend 's 21st birthday . 
  go home dad , you 're drunk . 
  love a wee scrap in the ball alleys . 
  yeah , if you want to see the titanic exhibit , go to britain . 
  `` ca n't over use lady liberty '', 
  irish funerals are an art form !, 
  lads !, 
  read the fucking article !, 
  i was renting . 
  utter poverty i tells ya !, 
  he 's very active . 
  i wonder how donegal voted ? 
  for a morbid look at rural ireland : garage . 
  everyone knows the local simpleton , but never thinks about the crushing loneliness behind the scenes . 
  i was very close to joining , but they lost my vetting form and asked me to apply again . 
  fuck that . 
  would 've been great , but i emigrated instead . 
  i 'm usually a few questions away from actually knowing them . 
  where are you from ? 
  which part of ireland ? 
  have you lived anywhere else ? 
  oh , i have a friend who went to nuig . 
  do you know meadhbh n\u00ed fhaoitigh ? 
  she worked in the skeff , she had ear plugs . 
  yeah , she 's cool . 
  ireland 's phelps ? 
  they should be called the westport baptist church ( even though they are from castlebar ), 
  just be happy that these nutters are the only opposition . 
  the cc does n't want to even go near this issue . 
  swamp germans !,
