  probably not the only ones . 
  actually , spain , portugal and italy have been extremely supportive of an eu-funds fraud prosecutor called the eppo . 
  as have romania and bulgaria . 
  i think we 're all waking up to a need for change . 
   hmmmm , could the eu put anti corruption laws into european law ? 
  would this be a good idea ? 
  look up the eppo . 
  it 's not exactly what we need , but it 's a start . 
  right now the major opposing governments are : the netherlands , hungary , poland and greece . 
  if you 're in one of these countries , your government is weakening the fight against corruption . 
   i mean , i think this entire situation is pretty shitty , but using it as a stab at countries desire for sovereignty is kind of a long shot . 
  do you honestly think countries should give up their sovereignty to the eu ? 
  we did n't have sovereignty in the last 500 years , despite being `` independent '' countries , and now what we need more than ever is support to maintain the rule of law against the powerful . 
  so fuck your illusion of sovereignty . 
  it does n't exist , there is either the rule of might or the rule of law . 
  pick one . 
  you do realize we 're all on one landmass right ? 
  if one country , let alone one region , decides to go baby crazy before the next industrial revolution , the resulting unemployment dominoes . 
  just look at the effect of the arab spring . 
  russia is a different ball game altogether . 
  who the fuck knows what they 'll do . 
  i swear , all the trading algorithms are hooked on trump news and what we 're seeing is a bunch of brainless machines being burned out on a high-follower presidency that hits all their key-word searches like a meth addict with a sledgehammer . 
  i was thinking of the wider arctic circle . 
  but you 're right , the uk has no claims in it . 
   does the uk have claims on the artic ? 
  apparently , despite me thinking otherwise , neither iceland or the uk do . 
  my bad . 
   anyway canada and norway are both in nato so a lot of the eu could be involved . 
  not everything trickles down to nato status . 
  it 's not like it has an arbitration system in place . 
  it did n't make the cod wars go away . 
  any economic struggle will likely be solved through everything short of military intervention , which means power blocks will form around who gets what and subsequent economic and political pressure used to carve up space . 
  if we do decide to take a side , it 's likely to be for greenland/denmark . 
  in which case we 'd be brought into conflict with canada , who i would n't be surprised will strike a deal with america for share-and-support . 
  that 's not really soros , that 's just western virtue signalling non-sense . 
  they have no actual plan , or agenda , it 's mostly a bunch of buzz-words and fuzzies stuck to young folk with too much energy , too little thinking and something to prove . 
  except the same sort of people start stealing power from underneath them as well , and re-organizing the country to serve the political offices . 
  as we 've seen in hungary , turkey , poland and russia . 
   i get your point but i disagree . 
  if a eu member was attacked , i do believe all countries would immediately send troops . 
  in this case everyone knows what will happen if they do n't . 
  but are we going to be quick enough , are we going to coordinate well enough , will we waste time fighting over command and strategy ? 
  and if the russian initiate `` nuclear deescalation '' , what then ? 
  you have no idea how scared some of us , that we 've built a sand fort . 
  you 're learning the reality of geopolitics . 
  it has little or nothing to do with some imaginary number for economic production . 
  it 's about force , influence and leverage . 
  neither gdp , nor nato , can spare us if we turn out to be nothing more than a bunch of paper tigers . 
  even china fell to barbarians . 
   clash of civilizations by samuel p. huntington seems more accurate than ever in that respect . 
  that 's because it 's been the goal of the neo-conservatives even since the start of the millennium , they 've created their own self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  and in turn , the fundamentalist conservatives forces in the middle east gain support for their anti-western narrative . 
  the conservatives of the world on all sides , russia , america , middle east , all are running the biggest scam the world has ever seen , without ever needing to talk to each other . 
  simply by egging each other on , and scarring everyone into line . 
  i was suspecting that with the uk gone and greenland in a grey area , the eu would loose its last remaining link to arctic resource rights , and we can avoid being drawn into the conflict against our will , maybe even finally have something we and the norwegians can side on . 
  apparently it was n't meant to be . 
   as a former eu federalist i nowadays totally agree with the stance of this article . 
  as a former europhobe i believe that anyone who starts a sentence with `` as a former '' is a grifter out to sell you something , and is buttering you up . 
   i actually ca n't feel any pressure from the russians , in fact i think that this whole thing is pushed on us by the mainstream media , and people would n't even talk about it if it was n't mentioned every other week . 
  you do n't feel it till it hits . 
  the explosion in budapest awhile ago eventually got linked to their patsies . 
   the thing that really can not be unseen though is the whole moral and attitude of the nation : nobody wants to work properly , nobody cares about rules , everybody is trying to get everything as easily as they can . 
  i 've noticed . 
  everyone wants to be the smart guy . 
  no one has anything to be smart about . 
  it 's not uncommon anywhere . 
  really ? 
  they burn the house down , and then want to set fire to the ashes . 
  fuck them . 
  i 'm pretty sure if i started an ngo using my own funds , i 'll soon find i 'd been funded by soros as well . 
  we 've had the government run `` soros-link '' accusations against the anti-corruption fight as well . 
  it 's become a sort of `` red scare '' to paint opposition with . 
  you sound like a most excellent and erudite roadtrip rascalion . 
  party on sir . 
   it 's not really . 
  culture is important and there is a difference between regions . 
  the u.s and northern europe was build with the thought of protestant work ethic . 
  productivity is in general higher in the north . 
  do n't hold back , gives us a good dressing down at how much better your upbringing is , how much harder working you are , and maybe a few euphemisms about having `` the right heritage '' . 
   again i disagree . 
  if you have talent you will most likely get good employment pretty quickly . 
  even if you do not find your dream job right away a temporary job could lead to it in the future . 
  that sucky job in retail could lead you to a high paying job in the company hq . 
  you just got to see opportunities . 
  ahh , the just world fallacy . 
  you 're a conservative . 
  ok , sorry for bringing everyone else into this . 
  but this , the links between jobbik and russian diplomats , as well as fidesz relationship with russia is making me uncomfortable . 
  and it feels like there is a `` core '' in hungarian society that wants the old days to return . 
  a grant received three years ago through an ngo partially funded by someone , is a very tenuous foundation to call something `` a personal megaphone '' . 
  especially when we have completely owned media , like the murdoch empire , and actual `` person writes the stuff '' media like breibart , or word-for-word copies of press releases like what we saw from robert amsterdam . 
  i 'm not going to say that soro 's money does n't have influence . 
  but in my experience he 's become a scapegoat for anyone who ca n't be bothered to face the facts at hand . 
  it 's watered down the actual proof , and made me very skeptical . 
   but if your mentality is common many places further south in europe it really is n't surprising how the north is richer . 
  that is an unnecessary comment . 
  i 'm actually a cross between a dirigist and an ordoliberalist . 
  i believe the government has a right and duty to manage and drive the economic future of a country , and ensure industrial evolution to maintain competativeness as well as fairness . 
  i too believe in the importance of work . 
  of meaningful work , of owned worked , and of sustainable work .
