  intellectual inquiry uses premises and arguments to eventually arrive at a conclusion . 
  debates have adversaries already having the conclusion set , and then trying to pick winning arguments and premises . 
  debates allow for intellectual dishonesty , rhetorical devices , loose logic and interpretation , has no fact checking , and , pet peeve , it really advantages those who are able to simply ` plough through ' with confidence . 
  boris knows that , look at the video , he treats it as a game where if he can keep talking he will win . 
  plays the galery for cheap laughs ( `` hop-on , hop-off , hoplites '' ) . 
  i 'm not saying debates do n't have value , btw . 
  just little to no intellectual value . 
  rhetoric invites a different set of skills . 
   yes , if you stand on your head and sing company anthem you 'll probably get bonus points . 
  bottom line is that we live in a world with 7 000\u00a0000\u00a0000 people and there is not an `` unconventional '' way for every one of them . 
  extreme majority of people are hired through conventional channels and that will not change . 
  there 's `` normal bloke '' conventional , and there 's `` industrial niche '' conventional . 
  if you 're good at your job , at some point you 'll start receiving calls from headhunters who 's job it is to get you to quit your job and get hired by their clients . 
  until then , you 're going to meet most of your future employers at conventions , congresses and expos . 
  before that , your fellow alumni and former professors are good go-tos . 
  but `` looking at adds '' is being at the very bottom , people who do all of the above have a far better chance than you ever do doing that . 
   nowadays i do n't have to talk with anybody from bank about my account . 
  i can even split every expense with my friends without having to talk to them . 
  the user facing jobs are going away , not the skilled jobs . 
  not everybody will be in management like you would be . 
  i 'm not talking from a consumer `` user facing '' point of view . 
  all the good jobs will be , well not necesarilly `` management '' but in the control centers of the automated systems . 
  project teams , support teams , industrial representative , coordinating with contractors . 
  employers are asking for more people-oriented skills from the stem undergrads because they 're finding that their `` skilled jobs '' needed to actually be able to deal with holding a 15 minute debrief of their progress every weak without mumbling . 
  or being able to discuss expectations with contractors . 
  or being part of the team dealing with the client , where the client is n't `` some guy '' but a large company . 
   but if you 're talking about such a undersaturated market , i do n't know why bother to do anything . 
  essentially it 's the jobs who are looking for me , not vice versa . 
  having to deal with the very real present trend of companies not wanting to spend money training new people , trust me , there is n't really a `` undersaturated market '' . 
  niche expertise gets good pull , but simply having a degree feels like it is n't enough even in engineering . 
   that 's not the case for most people and especially for the erasmus graduates with impressive drinking skills but no real , hard skills whatsoever . 
  keep underestimating the value , that 's fine . 
  but someone with really good hard skills no one knows about is going to loose to someone with good enough hard skills that knows 5 people in his industry in 5 different countries . 
  if turkey reforms so it upholds european values and goals it should be let in . 
  if turkey does n't , it should n't . 
  it 's the only fair way to go about it . 
  europe is full of culturally , historically and religiously christian countries , who 's values have slowly been changing since the enlightenment started a chain reaction of secularism which saw the old traditions and dogma fall out of fashion . 
  the modern europe puts more faith in those secular values and spends no time trying to figure out which parts of corinthians they should make into laws . 
  turkey was modernized by ataturk , and it could have continued on the european path of undermining the abrahamic desert traditions if not for it 's poverty . 
  it can still continue on that path if we help it . 
  see , people keep pointing out his etonite oxbridge qualifications . 
  but his `` act '' is a consistent string of goofs and lies , to the point you have to question if it 's an act . 
  this is a man who was about to publish an article where his erudite telling of the saving of eurydice by heracles would have fallen afoul of his inability to do a google search , let alone remember his classics . 
  boris johnson is perhaps the posterchild of how much education can do for a man , despite personal qualities , and the importance of the right schooling to getting ahead . 
  a debate ? 
  no , those are rhetorical contests to sharpen the art of stretching the truth to uphold a point . 
  having had the pleasure of seeing the debating society of guu , i can safely say that debating can be a truly intellectually vacuous environment . 
  boris johnson is educated , some might say beyond his intelligence . 
  but he 's definitely not intellectual . 
  he 's more than a bit of a bloke . 
   what do you want people to do ? 
  start companies right after university ? 
  that 's the recipe for disaster i think . 
  universities in the west are actually giving students and recent alumni money if they start a company in/right after university . 
  will it likely lead to disaster ? 
  yea , most likely . 
  but you know what , companies eat that up . 
  you started a company , created a proposal , tried and failed ? 
  well , shows initiative and experience , and you get one up from mihai geogescu who 's top of the class but ca n't wrap his head around doing anything that is not in a specification document . 
  someone in india can do that cheaper and just as well . 
   you had some bad experiences ? 
  i 'm not familiar with working at bank at all . 
  friends have bad experiences . 
  the money was to good , so they went for it . 
  but those banks expect their money 's worth . 
  so you get roped into a bureaucratic office environment which tries to milk you for any excess time you have to work on whatever proprietary crap the management decided to go with . 
  there 's better tech enviroments , although if you 're willing to climb the corporate ladder likely not better money unless you sink yourself into the right start-up , which after a few years of hitting your head against that mess seems like a breeze . 
   i think you have really bad experience with your school . 
  in my opinion , this attitude grants opportunities , and it 's not at all about `` shoving '' people somewhere . 
  you have classes you can attend , clubs , even themed camps . 
  there are national olympiads in different subjects and we are encouraged to participate . 
  most people i know are happy about their choices and there is no problem to change class if you do n't like it . 
  heh , i guess i was on the poorer end of the spectrum . 
  if you needed more than a pen and paper to do it , you did n't do it . 
  did go to the olympiad . 
  for me and my sister it definitely felt pushed , we 've since learned that the world is a lot more complicated than we were taught . 
  life does n't have to be shirt-tie at a microsoft subsidiary , fighting for management , which is what we could hope for in the home country . 
   oh , so whole of this `` networking '' could be done as easily as looking at job search sites and job board at university ? 
  ok . are you serious ? 
  you are are n't you ? 
  trust me , you do n't want to find yourself in the `` looking at listing '' end of things . 
  too much competition , and many are just there so the company can say the tried to find someone , when in fact they already picked put have to do it out of company/national rules . 
  sending emails to see if positions are available is better . 
  so is having friends tell you of gaps in the company . 
  you always get bonus points for going through unorthodox channels . 
   we had ib at my school . 
  i do n't think it was paid though , and it was public school . 
  mostly people who want to be businessman/managers go there . 
  i do n't really like this approach , public speaking et cetera . 
  better to leave this to people who enjoy it and are good at it . 
  but yeah , if that 's what you want go for it . 
  here 's the thing about that . 
  you have to be good at that , at least good enough . 
  because the rule for the next few decades is : `` if your job can be done by a computer , it will '' . 
  so the one thing that you have as a human is your ability to present and relate to other humans , or be creative , anything else is in the front line of automation or outsourcing to a new african country that has the internet . 
   yeah , `` i 'm going to employ this inexperienced novice programmer over this java expert because he spend a month in puppy shelter ! '' . 
  just what the fuck . 
  the actual example i had was `` i will employ this tattooed middle aged dude with an impressive github portfolio who has n't had a job for a year , over the certificated university blokes . '', 
  this was for the bbc . 
  apparently , it was a good choice .
