  for the last time , germany would not have been a passive country if it had it 's own currency . 
  switzerland devalued to the surprise of everyone and so would germany had if felt the pinch . 
  the value of the dm is not automatically higher than the euro for that reason . 
  and not only that , but back when the dm was genuinely higher than everyone else due to exchange rate the effect on the economy was zero . 
  nothing . 
  because there have always been bigger economic factors at play in this than the bloody currency . 
  your repetition of `` euro is artificially undervalued for germany '' does not make it true . 
  no amount of repeating it will make it true . 
  because it 's a `` zero hedge told me '' childish understanding of how the currency market works and has worked so far to effect economic wellbeing . 
  german products are n't competitive because the value of the euro , german products are competitive because they are cheap . 
  genuinely , `` we use eastern european contractors '' , `` mini-jobs and market liberalization '' and `` accrued economic inertia '' cheap . 
  and there 's a whole boat load of other factors to add to that . 
  the fact they 've specialized in high entrance barrier technical industries that is difficult to unseat . 
  the eastern european competition for low-industry , agriculture , and tourism with the european south . 
  the entrance of china into key sectors . 
  the economic instability around the mediterranean killing off customers . 
  all of this play a much bigger role than the euro , who the anglo-media and as a consequence you obsess about . 
  this , btw , is something the uk found out the hard way through the 40 years post-war period through multiple failed devaluations , ending with giving the boe independence to prevent this asinine idiocy over the currency from continuing . 
   also , unless your a latin american that somehow wound up in romania , never use the term gringo . 
  it 's just ... weird , especially if you are white if i wanted my speech policed , i 'd have stuck with communism gringo . 
  deal with it . 
   excuses for the basic reality . 
  i suppose merkel is doing the same ? 
  * facepalm * let 's go over this again : mario draghi , head of the ecb is keeping inflation high and interest rates low as part of his program to stimulate the eu economy , which is working . 
  this is weakening the euro . 
  and it is making southern products more competitive worldwide while encouraging money to enter the economy , as was the intent . 
  the german ( and dutch ) government dislike this , they dislike a weak euro , since they 're already competitive and this is hurting the people who 's pensions depend on a strong euro and high interest rates . 
  and the german bundestag actually called draghi in to explain himself . 
  now is election season in germany , so it 's in the interest of the current government to try to continue to fight draghi 's low interest economic which are weakening the euro by going on a media offensive of `` admitting '' the euro is too weak , with intent of distancing themselves from this policy that is hurting their electorate . 
  now here comes the part that might shock you . 
  schauble and merkel are part of the same party . 
  more than that they are part of the same government , even the same cabinet . 
  the government which is currently fighting draghi , and wants a stronger euro . 
  so yes , merkel is doing the damn same thing , gringo . 
  um , is n't serbia 's sanu memorandum and subsequent attempts at reasserting dominance for the sake of its own national interest one of the principle causes in the break-up ? 
  kind of ironic considering . 
  you 've just described exactly why nato does n't really work , while arguing against an eu army . 
  it 's entire credibility rests on the individual interests and worries aligning , with heavy weight placed on the disposition of the us . 
  at best , we 're collateral damage to an uncaring ally across the ocean , at worst we 're setting ourselves to another western betrayal . 
  that is , if we do n't all fall to infighting first , considering the disposition of turkey and hungary . 
  or maybe worse but far more possible : the entire western continent rebels against an hawkish us out of fear of getting nuked by russia . 
  an eu army gives us the one things we need to prevent that from happening : a common command with common resources . 
  a structure tasked with securing the safety of tallinn as much as that of paris . 
  to respond to an invasion heading to warsaw as the current french command would respond with the taking of strasbourg or guiana . 
  we already have the swiss , indian and us models that we can copy in terms of multilingual cooperation , federal organization and leadership selection . 
  we 're not inventing the wheel here , we can only perfect it . 
  even if we do , there are some good arguments could be made that supercarriers are modern battleships . 
  too valuable and fragile to risk in an actual engagement and one war away from being made obsolete . 
  i 'd argue for a better submarine fleet and smaller carriers . 
  i do n't think i can remember a time when the german public every appreciated any sort of hawkish stance . 
  this is not election rhetoric . 
  this actually is really weird . 
   if she believes the eu is so powerful in itself it would make sense to speak on its behalf , not the entire continent . 
  makes her look weaker imo . 
  maybe to you , since you actually immediately notice that the eu and europe are different thing . 
  but you 'd be in a minority now . 
  listen , i 'm going to be honest and blunt with you . 
  because i 'm from a small country whose peoples have been the football of empires for an entire millennium , and it 's a truth that 's got to sink in at some point : get used to being ignored . 
  when the eu popped up , we thought we 'd be turned into africa and be used as a colonial consumer market , our resources exploited while our industries were laid to waste . 
  we were half right . 
  that happened , but we also got freedom to take our own piece of the pie in the continent , to the chagrin of the brits , and most importantly : a vote . 
  an actual damn vote , a seat at the table , our flag next to everyone elses . 
  now you had a similar choice . 
  frank underwood would say it was between money and power , and you all choose money . 
  that 's a mistake that 's going to cost , as countless merchant state have learned in history . 
  carthage could not buy it 's way out of defeat . 
  the hansa could not buy their way into relevance . 
  there are no small players , only big players and chess pieces . 
  so ... welcome to the new world order . 
  when people say europe , they 're not adding in the pieces . 
  if you trust anything that comes out of sch\u00e4uble 's mouth , then the worse you are for it . 
  he 's always been a conniving snake that one . 
  * and honestly , if you 're throwing up the modern history of europe away , and the lessons learned just so you can score your cheap points over a hamfisted understanding of the issues on this continent , then i guess your as low as you can go already . 
  this is europe , 40 years ago is bloody recent , it 's practically yesterday and not much has changed honestly . 
  we are facing structural issues regarding how germany has managed it 's industrial ability , and the inertia behind existing infrastructure . 
  this will take decades to sort , the anti-euro nonsense is distracting us from it . 
  edit : * i mean seriously , he is currently fighting the ecb to keep infation low and interest rates high to please the older demographic and their pension which will win them the elections . 
  he has everything to gain from painting it as too low and the ecb 's fault . 
  how does this escape you ? 
  the truth of it does n't matter . 
  just like the `` special relationship '' after the suez crisis that saw uk technical and armed capability become a barnacle on top of the america 's , it will be painted over for the sake of appearances to look bright and smart , while critical questions will be avoided . 
  it will , without a doubt , take its place in the anglosphere with america in the center as another extension of their interests . 
  sort of independent but constantly bending in the required direction . 
  jumping before even being asked . 
  occasionally going against the grain for some slight political points . 
  it will do them , the illusion of independence will be preserved as a trusted partnership . 
  and they will never return , we can never give them that level of casual , informal and understated vassalage . 
  no , you 'd expect precision from a technician or a scientist . 
  when you 're dealing with politics , you 're aiming for the gist of the argument . 
  and realistically , the eu has become the regional power on the continent . 
  everyone else is left to follow . 
   all these things have been solved with international law and international waters no , they 've been patched over with that during the 10-20 years of relative peace and american hegemony . 
  but there is no actual international `` law '' , it 's a gentlemen agreement and collection of conventions that can be upturned with a show of force . 
  this is not the `` end of history '' , the game is still ongoing , you 're merely the luckiest generation in history and hit good weather by chance . 
  but the only law within the world-anarchy that countries in europe can expect is the eu , beyond that its purely the strong and the weak . 
  and is far far more dangerous . 
  it 's repeating the old system of `` spheres of influence '' on the continent with germany as a player . 
  the eu is our only hope of avoiding that and giving everyone an democratic say on foreign and military policy . 
  integration into the bundeswehr does not provide that at all , despite being diplomatically safer by avoiding the europhobes . 
  the issue is that the present situation does n't change the necessities pressing on us .
