  what are we doing in the west balkans ? 
  nothing , waiting for the next explosion and round of refugees . 
  no one state seems capable of mustering the resources , talent and vision to come out as anything but a dime-store diplomatic operation . 
  it 's a disaster , that we 'll all pay for . 
  it wo n't always be that easy . 
  we ca n't isolate ourselves from everything , sooner or later the rest of the world reminds us it exists . 
  and so we need to learn to play the game , in our on way , but effectively . 
  it might be american interventionism , or it might be russian grassroots funding and humint , or we might try placing people in the right places , influencing others , and nudging events our way . 
  but we need a way . 
   do you want the eu to be even more isolationist ? 
  how about you do n't start with a loaded question implying something provably false ? 
  it was the same for people . 
  and we created representative governments to give strength to the masses . 
  the story of the arrows once gripped together , being hard to break is wide-spread and as old as civilization . 
  but in europe we do n't want that . 
  we prefer the master-servant relationship in our international relations . 
  the eu gave everyone a vote and a seat at the table and look what happened , rabble and blame . 
  anyone who makes it to the top in national government , seems to understand only the power he has over others and that which others have over himself . 
  but it could have been different , we could have avoided the fate of the achaean league . 
  like i said , this is power politics under the guise of diplomacy . 
  nations in a closed room are not a gathering of equals , no matter what people want to believe . 
  america managed to get things like the plaza accords passed because of the truth of that . 
  germany having doubts is not the same as america having doubts . 
  i 've yet to see pis do anything against russia , aside for using it as an excuse to go after domestic enemies and enacting strange security measures . 
  i honestly suspect the inner party has shrugged that off that worry some time ago . 
  or they think the american 's will save them , and could n't care less , just like sykorsky said . 
   so these alternatives do n't really exist . 
  it will surely take another decade , but i do n't see the centrifugal forces getting strong enough to tear the eu apart , unless the public in france or germany calls for an end of it . 
  they do n't need to tear it apart . 
  they need to pin it down , and let other 's do it for them . 
  both moscow and washinton have express a desire to deal with member states , not the eu , and the eastern politicians love having their egos stroked by sitting at the same table with the big boys . 
  or under the table , as things are going to be . 
   bashing brussels for some domestic popularity is one thing . 
  following down the path another . 
  there are almost no opportunities for eastern europe if the eu crrumbles . 
  it would be a cordon sanitaire again and on the wrong site of the fence . 
  do you think they care ? 
  they 're szlachta , magnates . 
  they care for their riches , their power , their importance . 
  they want their feudal territory , and as long as they get 50.1 % of the population that 's them having it . 
  who cares about the eu or ocassionally taking russia/america 's lead , they have mansions that need building . 
  they look at erdogan with envy right now . 
  another half-way house compromise , so country can benefit from the eu , while pretending it is n't in it , and letting the europhobes blame us for it . 
  and another bunch of special deals made , to allow that illusion to continue , while we get bashed for `` imposing '' rules on the special snowflakes . 
  maybe i 'm wrong , but all these deals have done is create a byzantine mess and public distrust . 
  why continue the charade for the sake of local governments egos ? 
  the eastern conservatives like merkel as an enemy . 
  she gets to be the big bad to their underdog persona , while sharing all their main ideological points . 
  even when they loose , they still win . 
  she 's the person who gets defeated on quotas , then pays turkey to keep migrants at bay . 
  the person who talks about eurozone solidarity , then shoots down integration . 
  she 's the one who talks about renewable energy , and then has her country start relying more on coal . 
  she 's an absolute treasure to the v4 autocrats . 
  all the makings of an evil liberal westerner , minus the liberal part . 
  the moment merkel gets re-elected , they 'll turn against her again . 
  it 's just such a good game for them , why will they ever give it up ? 
  it was n't just old farts , so even then those voting leave will be a significant minority . 
  and the remainers are n't much to speak about either , they still all want some giant trade area with migration as a compromise . 
  if that 's all they want , they can join the eea , or efta , or nafta . 
  all sorts of alternatives better suited for the great british public . 
  after 5 years of frontex going from country to country with a begging boll . 
  slovakia btw , is part of the `` flexible solidarity '' group that has realized they need an alternative to taking in refugees from greece . 
  so it 's no surprise they 're trying to pretend the system is n't a failure now that the worst has already happened . 
  pessimism is called for . 
  the whole of the eu is being turned into the schengen/eurozone one exception and compromise at a time , and sooner or latter something will finally give . 
  and you know who they 'll blame ? 
  the eu , for not being strong enough to handle the sabotage . 
  washington and moscow on the other hand offer the strong , steady hand everyone on the continent apparently needs . 
  the v4 is enough of a thing to get us nowhere , not enough a thing to give an alternative . 
  they tend to agree on not wanting either eu or german leadership , even the hint that it exists , and that 's enough to stop both the commission and the council . 
  a handle short of a hammer , but still enough of a rock to weight us down . 
   ok i 'm far from an expert into cost/gain measures , but has n't the situation changed since then ? 
  for the worse . 
  before , funding was scarce , the member states were divided , but fuel prices were high and we had a stable international outlook to negotiate around . 
  now fuel prices are low , and the entire region is a shitshow . 
  that 's why the cyprus talks were so important , to give at least the appearance of improvement to investors . 
   do we want to meddle into middle east ? 
  or anywhere else , for that matter ? 
  i think we seriously need an army that can defend europe , but i do n't see why we 'd want to play the `` world cop '' by war . 
  you 're mistaking hard power for meddling . 
  not everyone capable of hurting someone , goes around and does it . 
  and we are n't just not capable of hurting someone , we have no clue what is happening . 
  when i say `` hard power '' , i mean the realpolitik tool to wield not just military but diplomatic and inteligence gathering strength . 
  in international meetings the iranians and saudi 's are either confused or amused at us . 
  as we talk big about `` cooperation '' and humanitarian crisis , they 're two big parts of a cold war that we seem to be unable to comprehend let alone make preparations for . 
  ukraine has taught everyone that siding with us is not not in their best interest . 
  all they do is piss off a player who actually can do damage , just so we can look on as they get clobbered and reminded never to side with the europeans . 
  libya has show that we are not only capable of short-sighted belligerence . 
  but completely incapable past the point of starting it . 
  we ran out of ammunition in a week , we needed the us to take the bulk of intel and bombing work . 
  we 're stupid , weak , powerless , untrustworthy . 
  and we like it , because we think these are virtues and by becoming any more able we automatically become like america . 
  we simply do not want to handle the responsability , we want to be useless . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
   no more fmihec !, 
  and the v4 who the uk pushed to join as quickly as possible , have taken it 's role as main opposition . 
  and they in turn are pushing to expand even further into serbia , another ally to keep anything going anywhere . 
  the dominoes have been stacked . 
  germans are going to be given a choice between doing nothing , and spending money for other people 's defense so that they be called nazis . 
  germany might just decide to finlandize itself , and remove itself from the problem altogether , as was the plan with ostpolitik .
