  [ not really . 
  ] ( http://johndclare.blogspot.co.uk/2012/11/the-saguntum-outrage-and-causes-of.html ) like i said , they were extremely effective at making a war inevitable . 
  everything that was `` traditional turkish '' was purged as well . 
  the architectural field had to start from scratch , as the `` modern ottoman '' elements were erased . 
  the fez , a sign of modernism , was made illegal . 
  the old religious education was torn down . 
  and yes , it had to do with power politics . 
  western liberalism is itself a continuation of effective power politics through social advancement . 
  we do it because it works , and because all the conservative authoritarians that tried to prove us wrong failed . 
  but we ca n't pass any moral judgement the other way either . 
  being the best of a bad bunch , is still being bad . 
  there are so many objective lessons to learn from the romans . 
  in law , infrastructure , politics , culture . 
  but that does n't make them good or enviable , it just makes them effective . 
  like a shark is an effective killing machine . 
  i would n't blame them since ataturk was damn effective . 
  he initiated a process of `` internal colonization '' and education that was removing the country from it 's feudal past . 
  it 's not just secularism , but the extent of education and liberal thought threatened anyone who was invested in the old power hierarchies and was one of the reasons why the village institutes were opposed by the conservative and traditionalist ideologues . 
  and the fascist stole everything from the liberals , and twisted it . 
  the nation building , the focus on community , the massive national projects , the clearing of the swamps , the standardized education , and the economic structures of worker support . 
  they took the very concepts of `` nation '' and `` citizenship '' of the french revolutionaries and turned it into an ideology of blood and soil . 
  they took the romanticist revivals and turned them into ethno-mythologies to excuse their actions . 
  the fascists had no scruples in what they used and how in keeping power , and they despoiled everything they touched . 
  the romans were in fact extremely skilled at taking offence . 
  i do n't think we consider just how good rome was in finding reasons to go to war , that sounded just about right till you consider the actual course of events . 
  all the punic wars were started by rome making damn sure that war was inevitable . 
  it took the better part of a century , but the conservatives have managed to undo everything ataturk has achieved.and they 're still not finished . 
  no justice will ever be done for the poverty they enforced on the country . 
  but those benefits did n't need conquest to be adopted . 
  any more than we needed conquest to industrialize . 
  in fact , as japan shows , it 's always better to self-advance , since they 're not placed simply to help an extractive system of imperialism flourish . 
  and they were defending their homes . 
  the moment roman conquest moved in , your entire fortune and future started depending on how well you played with roman authorities . 
  rome was an effective and advanced empire , in a time when empires were the norm . 
  but let 's not pretend it did anyone any favours . 
  everything rome did , was for rome . 
  any benefits were scraps from a table set out for an oligarch elite that looked down on fellow romans , let alone foreigners . 
  start importing things from bulgaria ? 
  honestly it sound like you 're achieving less , despite having more . 
  and that 's a sign of some internal dysfunction . 
  you can keep saying how bad things are . 
  but by all accounts , everyone north of greece until the baltic sea is reached has to be doing much worse by comparison . 
  and some of those are eurozone members which are paying into the esm , which makes the whole thing a bit of a farce as poorer countries end up paying for richer ones . 
  that 's the point . 
  it can escalated quickly , grabbing as much as it can , knowing that it can always put the west in a position where it has to choose between giving up ukraine and the baltics , or risk nuclear war . 
  as you say , it puts all their cards on the table , and it is only going to work once . 
  but it only ever needs to work once , after which the resulting compromise will be so destabilizing that it will put nato and western support into question . 
  check the history . 
  the romans did n't manage to burn down carthage , corinth and capua because of how advanced they were in comparison . 
  they were eliminating competitors , and kept on doing it till they reached land too harsh for their colonists to settle on . 
  also , i ca n't believe you 're using the `` but we brought them trains and industry '' excuse for an empire 2 millennia old . 
  it 's not accurate when russia says it , and it is n't accurate for an empire who 's manorial and slavery system was the foundation of the dark ages . 
  there 's a lot of things to learn from rome , it was effective at what it did . 
  but it was not a totally positive force , especially as it grew . 
  which is weird considering you 're right next to bulgaria . 
  and it 's not like our day to day prices are much lower than the west , as plenty of people point out . 
  maybe it 's time someone asked why do you have such high costs of living , and what exactly is n't working considering technically you 're richer than the czech republic , which is n't a bad place to live . 
  i honestly could n't tell you . 
  but yeah , it was kind of amazing . 
  and i think if you look at it in general , it shows a certain `` european culture '' peeking through the east-west fusion . 
  the mysticism , the dark humour , the political introspection , and human living in a system far larger than himself , the worshipful adoration of the importance of eroticism and love . 
  you can see snips of that all over the continent in our native media . 
  but bilal goes a bit over the top with it in his trilogies . 
  is he ? 
  i saw immortal , i think that what it lost is the criticism of french society and politics , as well as the rise of fascism , and the details that accompanied that . 
  it also lacked the deep sadness of nikopol 's existence as a foreigner in a strange world . 
  if he is doing movies , there has to be one done of the hunting party . 
  it 's very niche and compact , but it feels right as a pseudo-historical piece of an era that not enough is done about . 
  in the real world there was no magic potion and caesar played divide and conquer , slowly taking over until vercingetorix 's alliance acted as the death rattle of gaulic independence when the tribes realized that they could not stand alone and needed a king . 
  the comics are a gateway to appreciating our tragic history , do n't throw that away on cheap points . 
  from what i remember he was a yugoslavian refugee to france . 
  is it ? 
  because one idea that has come out of russia recently is `` nuclear de-escalation '' . 
  basically launching an extremely limited nuclear strike on military targets once resistance is meet , to force you to the bargaining table rather than risking a mad situation . 
  in that mindset , the idea is it will split an alliance between those that are too afraid to continue , and those willing to call the bluff , by turning the horror of nuclear war into a diplomatic weapon . 
  and that 's given an all-out war scenario . 
  there 's plenty of in-between scenarios that can pop up like ukraine which are impossible to account for and we need quick responses to act on . 
  comics and films . 
  then moved on to metal hurlant and enki bilal , because franco-belgian comics are just amazing . 
  but it uses what its got well . 
  in diplomacy , military , and intelligence . 
  it 's syrian conflict was better managed than our libyan conflict , and their people have moved from one conflict to another since the chechen war , and have piled up experience . 
  as long as it continues to maintain internal stability , it 's perfectly capable of out-manoeuvring us . 
   how many countries have kept their promise to spend 0.7 % of gdp on development aid ? 
  honestly , i think this has turned into a wedge for the `` divide and conquer '' strategy coming from the us . 
  we can all agree that strategic goals are more important than arbitrary numbers , and we should stick to that rather than argue with each other over them . 
  look at the historical precedents . 
  the horror of war is not a deterrent to an aggressor . 
  in fact , an aggressor relies on your own horror overcoming your willingness to continue fighting . 
  and the number of times large or well-funded empires were struck down by smaller and weaker opponents are beyond counting . 
  a determined opponent will find a way to leverage a weakness into victory given time . 
  i think we 've gotten extremely arrogant in our own combined economic superiority , and have completely neglected all the tiny details that are meant to turn that into genuine strength . 
  you 're right , it is burning money , but so is funding museums and cultural events . 
  some things pay back in different ways . 
  i believed that we should aid controlled depopulation of troubled spots , while better managing places that can have a future . 
  one of the ways is creating `` community management models '' , where we see the entire community as a form of ngo , which has a purpose or more ( rural/wilds tourism , traditional community , retirement village , etc ) and is funded and managed to give good value on that . 
  even if we ignore the cultural benefits , there will still be demand for rural living . 
  so it 's better if we manage and focus that demand to specific places so they have a better chance of surviving . 
  and that also means initial investment in infrastructure and education to support it . 
   i think small villages should be left to die or used as retirement destinations .
