  everything is done through eftpos cards . 
  bus fare is done through payment cards . 
  only reason to carry money is to get street food . 
  sort of closing the pen after the horses have bolted at this point . 
  the us is the foundation of the nato alliance . 
  and that foundation has proven to be shaky . 
  so , orban asks that we become meek little vassal states , and beg the us to bend us over the negotiating table and fuck us now that a protectionist is in power . 
  the `` strong '' man of hungary , a petty little magnate answering to foreign bosses . 
  edit : actual quote from the sycophantic self-entitled prick : `` we have received permission from the highest secular office in the world , in line with which we will also be allowed to place ourselves first , '', 
  so , to them it 's a slippery slope situation ? 
  if they fight the referendum now they risk less than if they fight the referendum that matters ? 
  still seems like a stretch since public opinion is clearly on their side . 
  i 'd been given that even starting accession talk is deeply unpopular in iceland . 
   i do n't think most dutch people are against ukraine , they are more anti-russia . 
  do n't forget their rebels/green men shot down the plane mh17 . 
  as an outsider , i 'm honestly not seeing any indication that the mh17 had any effect on dutch perceptions . 
  in fact , i 'm failing to see any indication that the dutch public is aware of anything outside of the eu . 
  they look like they 've been caught by the `` euro-bubble '' , like the british . 
  so issues like the refugee crisis caused by conflict and poverty , it 's the eu 's fault . 
  russia invading ukraine : eu/nato forcing them . 
  so on and so forth . 
  just my two cents , mind you . 
  leaving people to the wolves is a form of betrayal . 
  ukraine needs what romania had , supervision and incentives to get better . 
  the dutch who voted seemed to want it to simply go away . 
  you 're misrepresenting history , by a lot . 
  there were many parallel organizations at the beginning each with a different ideology and sector . 
  the ecc , the council of europe , the west european union , being some of those . 
  the eec was in fact , for quite awhile , purely economic . 
  during the luxemburg compromise , it was decided that maximum sovereignty be kept in the states . 
  it was a disaster , an era of eurosclerosis , simply agreeing on architect licence standards took a decade . 
  the politicians that came from that era realized the mistake that was made and did the only thing that could possibly return sanity and progress to the economic organization , and all those reforms turn into a political union . 
  because a political establishment is the only way to manage and organize an economy . 
  it has almost no other purpose , in the big picture , except regulating inter-personal trade and contracts , and establishing security . 
  that 's why the eec turned into a political organization , while the political council of europe turned into nothing more than a talk shop . 
  you ca n't blame people for believing their politicians like that . 
  le pen says what people want to hear , she does n't campaign on turning france into a bigger version of fn , a private fiefdom . 
  it 's not people 's fault that they believe that . 
  le pen on the other hand is deliberately begging for foreign money , supporting foreign invasions , and campaigning for weakening the european peace . 
  she is completely aware of what she is doing . 
  you can try to have 17 different manufacturing lines , and throw stupid money at all of them to stop them from collapsing from lack of orders . 
  or you could have fewer productions lines , and distribute contracting and parts manufacturing and actually survive . 
  this is why we still have airbus , while fokker is dead and buried . 
  fucking hell , when did voting for constituency representation suddenly became undemocratic . 
   general dynamics corp. may have the best chances of winning if a formal competition is held , because the u.s. company manufactures larger quantities , allowing for lower per-unit costs , highlighting the need for consolidation in europe . 
  the region had 17 active production lines for tanks , infantry fighting vehicles , personnel carriers and self-propelled howitzers , according to a 2013 report by the centre for european policy studies , compared with just two in the u.s. 
  the u.k. exited the boxer project in 2004 after partially funding the vehicle , which kmw makes with rheinmetall ag . 
  the same problem , coming up again and again . 
  the sound of reality knocking at our door . 
  i 'm going to just say it : bullshit . 
  people do n't think like that . 
  they do n't carry around some `` mythos '' . 
  depressingly enough , they might not be that sure about history minus 2 or 3 big events . 
  most of our countries have a history of about 200 years , before that it 's an alien land . 
  the `` mythos '' was largely a creation of ethno-nationalists who like old-things and traditions way too much . 
  i am tired of hearing that we somehow have an engrained duty to hold on to the `` baggage of our history '' , fuck that noise . 
  i can take it or leave it , keep the good and discard the bad . 
  the `` new country '' shtick does n't really fly . 
  it 's not like there is a `` country soul '' that needs ageing . 
  every generation is free to set out a new course from the previous one . 
  and considering that europe and america started from the same cultural milieu , the differences are a matter of individual choices , not historical inevitability . 
  americans have , generation after generation , chosen religion . 
  nukes are not magic . 
  nukes are also not an intellectual `` peace in our time '' free card . 
  they are just another piece on a big board . 
  and you 've fallen for the same lazyness that turned china into a living museum . 
  right ... because all our major continental wars can be traced back to germany existing ... and before that the german principates were nigh utopic and untroubled ... its like history begins at 1900 for some people . 
  innevitable ? 
  we do n't have a choice ? 
  the inheritors of the greeks who took down the persians ? 
  the romans who took down the greek ? . 
  the barbarians that took down the romans ? 
  the tiny source of world wide empires that made the throne of heaven in china crumble under its own sense of invincibility ? 
  we always have a choice . 
  whatever parallel universe you come from , it clearly has more competent and cohesive institutions than we can muster . 
  what 's your point ? 
  put our necks on the block and wait ? 
  my nation never had colonies , my nation never had big armies , my nation never had massive resources , and my nation was lead by bands of squabbling nobility pandering to foreign powers . 
  i 've got quite a few hints as what awaits all of us if we do n't get our shit together . 
  and , let me guess , you think we 're there and we can stop now . 
  we can relax . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i think we 're being tested by everyone around us , and we 're failing miserably . 
  our responses are slow , our awareness limited , our decisions half-hearted . 
  when someone finally decides to strike us , it wo n't come with a warning . 
  and more `` strength is imperialism '' . 
  have you considered that `` defence in irrelevance '' is a flimsy policy to have ? 
  i know in europe we 've come to adore lording over the american 's , but let 's be concrete about this : the moment europeans are faced with a consequential decision , we fail just as hard , if not harder for not being prepared for it . 
  we 've turned ourselves into a joke , and the world is n't noticing because we have n't been forced on stage yet . 
  so what if it is ? 
  a family is based around a group people , does n't make it less meaningfull . 
  no one want to replace the nation-state . 
  only paranoids have convinced themselves that is the case . 
  we just want to live to a standard of civilization together , rather than scramble for it apart . 
   by the way , we are doing the exact same thing to our enemies that they are doing to us . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  are you turning weakness into some sort of moral virtue ? 
  blessed be the weak for they no choice but to be peaceful , cursed be the strong for they actually have to exercise some actual moral agency ? 
  i 'm pretty sure all of this reflects more on your views of the uses of power , rather than any inherent danger of it . 
  but that aside , it 's a good thing you 're on an island far away from any meaningful threat or decision , it must help .
