  there simply is no will to `` get '' how decisions on the continent work . 
  samsung 's got good intel and good taste . 
  kudos to it . 
  would n't it be nice if it was that simple and we all lived in an ermetic autarkic bubble ? 
  but it is n't , and we 're dealing with a lot more than oil issues . 
  `` blessed isolation '' is not nearly a realistic option . 
  while the dychotomy is simplistic , they are not the same western civilization . 
  old christendom and modern europe are mutually exclusive , although territorial overlapping worlds . 
  their very root , their literally traditions are completely different . 
  modern europe is a child of greco-roman philosophical and historical texts recovered and build upon following the renaissance . 
  christendom on the other hand is the child of levantine-judaic traditions and stories transmitted as the word of god following the series of events surrounding the first millennium . 
  their very natures define opposing civilizations , the dialectical investigative method opposed to dogmatic authoritative truth . 
  as of now europe owes more to the former , while the later has spread itself on every other continent turning the old mediterranean conflict between the stringently non-compromising sects into a world-wide phenomenon . 
   im not a massive fan either of the modern `` alt right '' either to be honest but authoritarianism , traditionalism and ethno-centrism has been the default mode of western civilization for most of its modern history . 
  only partially , and only as a perverted mirroring of progressivism . 
  where republican revolutionaries took down kings , authoritarians put up demagogues . 
  where secularist revolutionaries dismantled the clerical moral chain , traditionalists reconstructed them as ethno-linguistic-religious tribalistic identities and customs . 
  where egalitarian revolutionaries took down hereditary class systems , ethno-nationalist repackaged mythological genealogy as the delusional genetic and cultural heritage of an entire people . 
  same shit , made to fit the times of the century of the people . 
  but , at least in europe , ever since the french republic stabilized , we 've slowly peeled back their influence over the human psyche as each tin-pot dictator from franco to ceausescu withered and died to their own systematic failure , if not outright crushed in war . 
  this is not destiny , failure is always an option . 
  but it is what has seperated us from a largely broken and chaotic world . 
   what set us apart from other cultures was our insatiable greed for land and riches and our technological superiority . 
  western civilization is capitalistic and expansionistic by nature . 
  that 's an unfair statement . 
  all civilization is expansionistic by nature . 
  it 's self selecting , expansionist agents grow , non-expansionistic agents do not . 
  but , that aside , if you 're trying to draw a line between where we are now and the previous colonial , absolutist empires , it 'd say that is a mistake . 
  the colonial empires were death-forms of the old monarchical methodologies given sudden growth and then death due to rapid technological advancement . 
  the same guns that were used to create them , were then used to destroy the descendants of the old elite warrior class which monopolized use of arms . 
  the literacy they used to govern their holdings served to unite people against them . 
  we are not like them , although not different enough for comfort . 
   western civilization share these trait with the muslim civilization , but while we evolved further thanks to our belief in science they have devolved into tribal bickering , scientific illiteracy and extremism . 
   i agree with you that we need to be wary that we will not make the same mistakes that the islamic civilization has made . 
  i would n't say evolution and science had anything to do with it . 
  ethno-nationalism is our tribal bickering , pseudo-science our scientific illiteracy , and as for extremism , oh boy . 
  it 's worship of non-deities has i 'd argue allowed the vast improvements . 
  we respect the law as if breaking it was sin . 
  the military has no expectation of power as if their loyalty and isolation is beyond question . 
  human rights have gathered moral weight that prophets used to have . 
  we function , because we believe in systems and behaviors that work . 
  this is not a matter of science or evolution , we owe it completely to our heavy rediscovery of roman and greek philosophical and social thought , and their further polishing . 
  the abrahamic world which still follows the words of the old stories of the levant and their borrowed desert-tribe traditions are simple ill-adapted in comparison . 
  apeing behaviors that have no grounding outside of their narrative universe . 
  this is not a sole failure of islamic civilization , but any civilization that has failed developing norms fitting of a functioning state . 
  the pseudo-scientific position of communist intelligentsia and politicos during the warsaw pact had similar effects . 
   i wonder is the west should even get involved in fixing anyone 's problems at all . 
  it 's a `` blast radius '' problem . 
  whatever the reasoning , we 're within the blast radius of any major african instability and ca n't exactly pack up to the pacific . 
  so right or wrong , responsible or not , it 's in our self-interest to take pre-emptive action . 
  sometimes that action takes altruistic forms , it does n't make it any less necessary or us weaker for it . 
  genuine appreciation over the update on japan . 
  but i do stand by my argument of restricted exclusivity of the civilization identity we now associate with modern europe as `` western '' . 
  it took 3 centuries of trial-and-error and it 's been by far the most successful in quality of life . 
  the authoritarian , traditionalist , and ethno-centrist ideologies are grim facsimiles of the monarchical , clerical , and aristocratic elements of the pre-enlightment trying to resurrect themselves in spite of continuous failure . 
  attempts at implementing them as state policy in western states do not make them western but are attempts at modernized de-westernization , similar to the desires of many current islamic scholars . 
  you 're moving the goal posts . 
  you assumed modern `` western '' civilization and `` christian '' civilization are one of the same and i corrected . 
  but as for `` authoritarian , retrograde and ultraconservative '' , that describes the middle eastern states developed around the time of the pan-arabic nationalism of the mid 20th century up until now perfectly , as well as many christian states in sub-saharan africa . 
  you know what they are n't ? 
  part of the western world . 
   poland is a part of western christian civilization regardless of how conservative it is , they 're either part of post-enlightment secular-humanist-legalistic civilization , or pre-enlightnment abrahamic islamo-christio-judaic civilization . 
  they ca n't be both . 
  japan , korea , are not any less western for not being part of the `` people of the book '' . 
  and poland has no right to claim a place in it because the version of the book it likes best ends with christ . 
  which 15 % ? 
  what 's the technical and industrial value of , for example , being the assembly yard of american made components ? 
  place part a into slot b , weld . 
  it 's jobs for the boys , but it 's is n't anything to be proud of . 
  you wo n't see chinese workers in out-sourced factories consider their town the new apple hq or anything like . 
  this is why the polish helicopter deal was so assinine , symbolically such assembly jobs are great wins , but practically they trade real value for dumb labour . 
  yeah basically . 
  although technically , as long as you have a clear and complete idea of the technical aspect behind the details you can bootstrap a program by building up the supply chain up to final product , planed economy style . 
  the issue is under out current system of knowledge distribution , such a picture is impossible . 
  the knowledge , the person , the machine and the organization are loosely intertwined inside a corporate-capitalist net . 
  the contractor company that has the infrastructure to make rocket fuel , also has the knowledge to make it , the people to find that knowledge , as well as the ability to develop on it . 
  it goes down , it all goes down , leaving just theoretical know-how . 
  this is why i 'm worried about us all buying in mass from anyone , even the americans . 
  the slow development cycles and high entry costs mean that any equipment we buy from them , might destroy our own ability to manufacture it to crippling effect . 
  the issue is that `` nuclear technology and missiles '' is not an off-the-shelf component and neither are jet engines . 
  every screw and panel as well as the machines to make them and assemble them are part of an industrial ecosystem of which every component has to be carefully selected . 
  you replace one type of screw material with another and you might find yourself outside the tolerance range of heat/vibration/bending / anything . 
  you loose the program to mill one component ? 
  that 's you trying to decode some old proprietary software . 
  one component that was once off the shelf , might suddenly require you to assemble from scratch without any clue what machines are needed based on an incomplete idea from a vague patent . 
  and this is just the manufacturing aspect , the development/academic/research aspect would have their own `` well duh '' moment as they train their one-in-five world experts on landing wheel rubber . 
  another , easier to see example within the euro industrial complex is the a400m . 
  we technically have all the `` big knowledge '' of how to build it . 
  but airbus does n't build propeller craft , at least not of that size , and their partner in making them is europrop international a merger which still has n't figured out how to stop them from failing . 
  to add to that , they 've had material problems with their expected environmental hazard : sand . 
  the a400m is supposed to be a deploy-in-rough-conditions airplane but it 's being designed by people who 've never had to design for those conditions and they 're learning with every failure all the tiny ways sand can screw them . 
  this is the reality of `` technical development and building '' , it 's an army of technical personnel distributed between companies , research institutes and universities , backed up by years of experience , technical document and grandfathered machinery , ready to figure out what is wrong . 
  this ca n't be taught out of a book , this sort of structure you grow slowly . 
  you do n't just have `` the technical knowledge '' as if human knowledge can be encapsulated in only the idea that something like it can be done . 
  that is not how technical knowledge works in real life . 
  once you loose the human capital and institutional knowledge involved in development , it can take a generation or two to regain it at significant cost and failure . 
  just look at china 's attempt at bootstrapping it 's jet and carrier programs while undertaking intense reverse-engineering and industrial espionage . 
  even the `` one month nuke '' is honestly more myth than reality , since the technical ability of constructing the damn thing is far outmatched by the difficulty in building delivery systems and requisitioning the weapon grade material . 
  reason why japan still runs it 's space program to this day and still runs older type nuclear reactors . 
  while putting european researchers , aerospace engineers , and manufacturing workers aside , forcing them to emigrate , and loosing the ability to make our own fighter planes ?
