  i find re-enactments good fun and take the accompanying bag of crazies as a given . 
  but the mentality is thing . 
  ok , so actual propaganda . 
  fair enough i guess . 
  if you can get away with that toilet-paper of a `` consultation '' , no reason to be shy about what the hungarian people will stomach . 
  you know what also happened during thatcher ? 
  oil . 
  labour borrowed from the imf hoping they 'd make it long enough to see that windfall . 
  unfortunately the conservatives beat them to it , and together with the beating of the miner strike and putting people on the property rat race cemented their neoliberal dogma as the new economic consensus in britain . 
  depends on the post brexit alliances around fishing . 
  will norway and britain negotiate together ? 
  apart ? 
  will the eu just negotiate a block quota for them to split among themselves , or will they negotiate seperate deals with the eu ? 
  also , i think at this point its more a point of pride than sense . 
  their our free , independent hat that needs no eu . 
  i get it . 
  you do n't know the difference between a legislative and consultative organization . 
  also apparently , between appointments and elections . 
  there is no strict logic around how the appointment to the nato assembly works , fairly ad hoc . 
   it 's identical to how the council of europe 's parliament works !, 
  also , a giant committee . 
  it has the word `` parliamentary '' in it . 
  is that it ? 
  it 's not what is normally considered when someone talks about a `` parliamentary chamber '' . 
  it 's more like a giant committee . 
  please do n't tell me you 're talking about the nato parliamentary assembly . 
  you , my dear sir , are the very emblem of why these negotiations will fail . 
   poland was a strong proponent of fixing the problem at the source from the beginning . 
  when ? 
  when it delayed the new border guard because it did n't want eu interference ? 
  when it refused to help greece by sending no resources ? 
  or was it when it joined the us in iraq to start off this mess ? 
  i actually ca n't remember a damn solution , atleast not one that did n't turn greece into a giant refugee camp . 
  nope , just the may-bot lieing through her teeth to get herself into office and the hard brexiters buying it . 
  apparently the idea that the main wing of the party that backed remain and is funded by the financial industry disappeared overnight after brexit is something that people are willing to swallow . 
  and so continues the blood feud till no one can remember why it even started , as people die on that moral high ground . 
  does n't matter if it 's palestine , the appalachian mountain people or cyprus apparently , perpetual enmity is here to stay . 
   these two are entirely unrelated . 
  sending back illegal settlers has nothing to do with an ethnic cleansing that did n't even happen . 
  that 's not how it 's going to look like on the ground , partly because they are people 's family and neighbors by now not `` illegal settlers '' . 
  it 's going to be a pr nightmare , and even one `` false positive '' of a native being moved and it 's going to be neighborhood militias overnight . 
  this is predictable , avoidable and manageable . 
  especially since as you stated later they 're a minority anyway . 
  the time to argue against those settlers would have been a few years after the invasion when things would have been neater , but that time is way long gone . 
  edit : oh and yeah , about the ethnic cleansing thing . 
  i said `` almost happened '' because an invasion got in the way , and it 's pretty clear it was the next step in the whole `` enosis '' gambit the junta was planning while the turkish communities were growing increasingly paranoid and reactionary . 
  as someone else here said , they would n't want turkish proxies living among them causing trouble , right ? 
  the population exchanged between greece and turkey in retrospect were a work of genius because of the event cyprus exemplifies all too well . 
   you seem to be so grasped to the whole `` bad things happened in the past so bad things will remain now '' pretty tightly for some reason . 
  lack of wishful thinking ? 
   not to mention that most of the destabilization actually happened by the british that funded the extremists in both sides , eoka and tmt and pitted them against each other . 
  oh , i know perfectly well . 
  do n't you think for one moment i forgot about the british on this . 
  but they 've been rather quiet on the issue lately as they should be so they get a pass . 
   not sure if you can call an island with 80 % of the population wanting to unite with one country , expansionary in the first place though . 
  that could have been done , likely with a referendum , minus the junta . 
  and when the junta did get in power , they did the big historical mistake of losing . 
  if they won , this would n't be a problem , sorted . 
  but they did n't . 
  there were good ways of making that happen , and there were bad ways of making that happen . 
  we 're on the shit side of the fence on that one , and now we have to live in it . 
  all of us . 
  personally , i 'm not that invested in the whole thing , since it 's only a matter of time till it will be blow up again and it will be just another example i can throw out when revanchism and etho-centric policy shows up in the eu , as well as another nail in the `` let 's talk/wouldn ' t be nice if everyone were nice . '', 
  diplomatic trend that we 've been fooling ourselves with here in europe . 
  nothing is being `` undone '' . 
  you 're not going to see the pre-junta cyprus returned . 
  whatever shape cyprus takes if negotiations are successful will be different from the cyprus of the 1960s . 
  and this is a big `` if '' , because again , in part to this expectation of `` undoing '' something from some people , rather than cleaning up a mess into something workable . 
  that workable solution , will likely not involve any movement of ethnic populations of any sort because of the whole `` ethnic cleansing '' thing that almost happened . 
  and while it 's true turkey could have not cause such a mess when it invaded . 
  greece could have not caused such a mess by destabilizing the government before the junta . 
  it 's as if ethno-centric politics and expansionary ambitions are toxic and genocidal in a multi-ethnic area . 
  who knew ? 
  negotiations are not an advanced form of time travel . 
  the consequences of the junta takeover can not be truly undone , including the fact that during the division turks from the mainland started living in cyprus . 
  let me introduce you to some expression that might be of use here : `` the genie is out of the bottle '' , or `` you 're trying to get the shit back into the horse '' . 
  negotiations have to be about where to go from this point in time onward so everyone wins in the end , and between the gas field and the security issues surrounding turkey there is a lot to win . 
  the lack of understanding around this , and the constant `` would n't it be nice if history did n't happen '' from some is why these negotiations are doomed though . 
  and why we 're likely headed to another ethnic conflict , continuing the race to out-stupid the middle east . 
  prepare for pictures of his arse . 
  still guilt-tripping scots over buying carriers , nuclear weapons , mp flats and may 's nightly gin and tonics on london 's dime ? 
  everything outside the south-east is in deficit and under economic stagnation . 
  how about actually sorting that out at some point ? 
  as much as ergodan annoys me , try to read up on the situation before applying your bias . 
  none of the guarantors , either greece or turkey , have been of any bloody use . 
  they 're using cyprus as a political football for domestic audiences , making unilateral statements without clearing them with their cypriot counter-parts and overall being a damn pain in the ass . 
  they helped create the law , added in that provision specifically for them to use as an escape , and pushed it and a bunch of other nastiness during the extensive trialogues . 
  the member states are perfectly capable of sabotaging an eu law from the inside , since they are not only a co-legislator but the least transparent of any institution , and coreper has dibs on looking over and editing the commission text before anyone else . 
  so i 'm not arguing a post-facto breach , but an intentional sabotage during negotiations which is why i said they `` gave themselves the power to over-rule eu law '' . 
  they literally edited an eu law for them to have the power to ignore it . 
  it still exists , but they do n't have to listen to it , since the letter of the law undermines the spirit of intent . 
  same as the emission standards laws . 
  the issue is not the european parliament in this case , despite the epp being horrendous in general on technology regulation . 
  this is a council issue . 
  which means each national government ads to the problem , as part of their defense of national industries . 
  unfortunately i ca n't tell you which national governments have been the worst right now , but the one 's who 's operators charge the most , like germany , seem to have the worst track record on this . 
   this is only true if the change costs . 
  just ending charging for the roaming is n't going to cause huge cost for the company . 
  just ending it in an environment where they compete with `` exceptional circumstance '' companies for deals is going to raise cost . 
  some companies are basically able to squeeze more money using their existing customer base setting up the market dynamics .
