  tomorrow , threatens to bring about the return of the spheres of influence . 
  and if not tomorrow , the day after that . 
  and so on . 
   in this case though , fillon quitting will give le pen a big chance to win . 
  the party could hold another primary , or just let juppe take his place as second in running . 
  it would n't be a total loss for them . 
  he 's not an intermediary or a third party . 
  he 's a foreign agent , all ambassadors are . 
  at best we 're going to get someone with the same views that is clever about when to show them . 
  this guy is stupid enough to wear his opinions and mission openly , which is useful in an opponent . 
  what 's the endgame ? 
  we ca n't fight moral battles only to loose the war . 
  it 's empty resistance for the sake of it and we need to think how we 're going to manage american agents in the future . 
  i am actually willing to agree with my opponents here . 
  the sanctions have failed , global trade has failed , and nato is obsolete . 
  and the eu has to forge a path through this , not try to hold on to the 1990s like they will ever return . 
  the new century has to have a united european power . 
  not being a pushover is not acting aggressively . 
  standing one 's ground is not a form of harassment . 
  europe 's biggest crime is that it apparently it is n't weak enough for our neighbours . 
  russia actually has the raw resources , labour , and technology to permit a military-industrial complex functioning in semi-autarky . 
  it 's ties with india , china and kazakhstan allowing some extra leverage . 
  we ca n't think like westerners with the russian government , where we try to judge gain by how much it hurts or helps our wallets . 
  it 's , pardon the expression , carthagenian thinking . 
  we need to think in terms of influence and power , the projection of political will , and the maintaining of domestic stability . 
  russia would rather extend the eurasian union into the east , and create a franco-german vassalate , rather than maintain the current eu governance system . 
  i think you 're falling into what is essentially the western illusion . 
  meaning the simplification of everything down to economic power . 
  geopolitical power is more complex though , and history is filled with rich countries falling to well-organized barbarians . 
  the west has to relearn what makes the world tick . 
  if we were smart , actually intellectual , we 'd accept him and then see who he meets up with while keeping him at arms length . 
  we 're going to get someone who spearheads the new american `` break them up '' policy anyway , we need to learn how to use them . 
  they have the resources to succeed and plenty of people on the inside eager to help them go back to the `` good old days '' . 
  we ca n't pretend we 're above it all . 
  the threat is very real . 
  the last bastion , the bottom of the barrel . 
  does n't matter how it was done , what was said , or what it means . 
  you 've turned 50.1 % into the divine right of kings . 
  if you want your country and people to be counted along side belarus and khazakstan . 
  be my guest , join that prestigious group , and be `` better off '' . 
  the existance of the council must the confuse the daylight out of you . 
  do you even know about it ? 
  do you think it 's undemocratic ? 
  they are free to leave the eea , and so the european system , those that are already in . 
  but i wo n't water down what it means to be a european , a beacon of civilization , to become another petty eurasian state . 
  like russia , kazakhstan , belarus and turkey . 
   the identity i guess for me is kinda to do with geographic location and partly to do with the intertwined history european countries have with one another . 
  you 're eurasian then , and nothing more . 
  apparently leaving a union , after telling someone how poor they will be if they leave the union , sort of weakens your argument . 
  i 've been there for the scottish referendum . 
  their entire point was to scare scotland into `` making the safe choice , and then go eat their cereal '' . 
  not so much democracy , but bullying . 
  and now they lord it over , as if 55 % gives them a safe margin . 
  there is not one sentence that you wrote that i can dignify to call a `` fact '' . 
  bismark said that those who talk of europe are wrong , it is merely a geographic appellation . 
  the truth is , it is n't even that , it 's an arbitrary name . 
  without european functioning to a european system we are effectively an extension of the middle east , of asia . 
  another balkanized region , of conflicting states , without a clue , unity or structure . 
  is that what you want ? 
  saying europe being no different than saying `` south-east asia '' ? 
  as for financial failure ? 
  get off the damn anglomedia . 
  and there is nothing new in the eurozone . 
  regional government having debt issues ? 
  central banks trying to deal with bank insanity ? 
  discussions over optimal inflation rate ? 
  the second bank of america , the weakening of the sterling area and the new zealand treasury taking borrowing powers from local government . 
  there is nothing new under the sun , same problems , same discussion , same tensions . 
  you 're advocating historical illiteracy , and that 's the extent of your argument . 
  i fully realize the extent of our current dependency . 
  and i fully support lessening it , in every sphere . 
  orban has pretty much said he 's received carte blanche to start pandering to russia , the us and china , but not the eu . 
  we 're going to become colonies , and we already have leaders who are begging for it . 
  they want their orders from washington , moscow and beijing , not from the weak eu . 
  to begin with , it 's easy to be for something when you 're not willing to commit except when it 's convenient . 
  what 's the point of a `` fair-weather european '' ? 
  what does he stand for , work for , or fight for ? 
  it 's empty rhetoric , that 's what it is . 
  secondly , we 've seen the continent without such an organization . 
  it 's not stronger , its a bloodbath . 
  pan-europeanism is centuries old , as is the opposition that says we do n't need it , this time things will be different . 
  they never are , we always end in the graveyard of the intermarium . 
  to continue to pretend that there is a `` europe '' united in shared destiny , without commitment , is to disregard the millions dead , and our common history and heritage of warfare and struggle . 
  going fully soviet i see . 
  that 's going to end well . 
   we do n't need nukes anywhere in the world . 
  knowing that a country is able to build them in a very short time should be enough . 
  to some degree we do , and to some degree we do n't . 
  the french determination to support arianespace and it 's nuclear program has given us tools , but making a ballistic missile is not exactly easy . 
  we need more preparation to live by a `` nuke in a week '' model . 
   what we do need . 
  is a combined european army . 
  not a german army and a frensh army and so forth . 
  but one european army financed by the eu thus the eu says who pays how much i 'd argue we need both . 
  an eu army backing the poorer but more locally integrated national armies . 
   i 'm curious how this would be a subject of interest for you at all . 
  it sounds like you 've spent some time reading up and thinking on this stuff . 
  i like history and i was something of a libertarian in the american model . 
  i used to believe in maximum state rights , domination of the council , elimination of political parties , minimum government , and the inherent dangers of any centralization . 
  i also hated alexander hamilton , believed that he lacked all faith in mankind .
