   all we need is to be strong enough to prevent that happening to us . 
  that is already the case , and there 's nothing to suggest that will change in the foreseeable future . 
  you must have missed the terrorist attacks , the russian sponsored paramilitaries and political organizations , the us spying rings , countries on our borders falling to authoritarian rule , the waves of migration , and that 's just what 's been happening in the last 10 years . 
  in the grand historical scale , we 've been going through a quiet period . 
   the fundamental problem with european identity is that it will take away many of the building blocks of current identity : being german involves being `` not french '' to an extent . 
  switzerland must blow your mind . 
   `` europe '' does not exist . 
  only in the hearts of men , like all ideas . 
  and that 's why it can not be taken for granted . 
  why are you threatened by it ? 
  there 's nothing wrong with wanting to be strong , especially since the world is a dangerous place . 
  you 've taken the worst examples of geopolitics , and assume that they result from strength . 
  but they often result from a sense of weakness , of being threatened . 
  if we want to prevent that sort of politics returning to our continent , we need to put ourselves in a position of security . 
  well , the fact that noble confederations kept rebelling , and allying themselves with foreign powers , certainly did n't help . 
  neither did the fact that what they kept asking for is they right to treat their serfs worse , and have less responsibilities to the commonwealth . 
  it 's not like it was the only country with this problem either . 
  france , hungary and the hre all had the same issues . 
  no one who ever started a thought with `` ca n't be done '' ever achieved anything of use . 
   thing is , there 's not much trust in we from ee countries when it comes to stand up against russia . 
  they sold us to russia once , what 's to stop them from selling us again to avoid a conflict ? 
  why should the baltics believe that france will send troops in case of a russian agression ? 
  this is why the eu army is essential . 
  you just described what happens in the current system of diplomatic alliances , a lot of debate , hesitation and even supplication . 
  by having one chain of command under one staff council of generals , then there is no choice . 
  an attack on one eu brigrade is an attack on all eu brigades , end of story . 
  solution : put him and orban in a room to settle it . 
  they 'll get on like a house on fire . 
  1 . yes 2 . when returning to berlin from out of continent . 
  felt like being connected again . 
  the language , the history , the people , like you 're in the center of something bigger and deeper . 
  3 . anything that used our cultural heritage and does something new . 
  men and women that actually have style . 
  also , when we do one thing that everyone in the world ca n't seem to do , and not care about trivial shit . 
  nudity ? 
  who you 're fucking ? 
  your religion ? 
  what your salary is ? 
  anything that affects me in zero ways ? 
  not my problem . 
  4 . civilization . 
  it 's an idealistic representation , but basically this is a continent that has seen everything and done everything , and has stuck to what is good in life . 
  spiritually , a half-way point between a rational west and a superstitious east . 
  individualist without complete social atomisation . 
  capitalist with limits . 
  loose morals without decadence . 
  good food without overdoing it . 
  safety without stricture . 
  political without prejudice . 
  at least that 's how i feel about it at it 's best , it 's never really that clear cut . 
  i do n't think there are borders . 
  i feel like it 's a gradient . 
  the further the move away from some sort of shifting center , the more you feel like you 're going back in time . 
  this man gets it !, 
  hah , you think the people who shot ceasusecu were n't corrupt ? 
  you 'd be wrong , that was the securitatea covering their tracks . 
  but you know something , i 've travelled enough to know that you have to learn to make the call when you 're going to trust someone . 
  maybe not with your life , or with a tenner , but with his job . 
  with your accounts , or to be your politician . 
  stubborn misanthropy gives pretty poor delegation skills . 
  whatever kovesi 's personal flaws are , she bit the hand that feed her , repeatedly . 
  she could have been a good pet , she could have fallen in line , she could have had been like macovei and gone up the political path , but she put her career on the line every election cycle . 
  so , whatever else , she does the job in front of her . 
  some people are like that . 
  and that was as a response to sebastian ghita 's little stunt of using his television station as his own private propaganda machine . 
  in the meantime the psd is now trying to get an damn amnesty bill through parliament . 
  it 's the criminals running the jail at this point , and i can only imagine how far they 're willing to go . 
  there will come a point , sometimes in the near future , where the eu negotiating team will witness the equivalent of someone punching themselves repeatedly in the face and blaming the other person for not stopping them . 
  that , alone , has become clear . 
  there is nothing wrong with the means , otherwise every country that has ever engaged in a financial investigation is a tyranny . 
  rich people make crimes through handshakes . 
  if you want to continue to believe it 's a `` propaganda war '' , then what can i say . 
  on one side are millionaires hiring private spy services ( black cube ) , owning entire media outlets ( romania tv , romania libera ) , and throwing millions at foreign media . 
  and on the other you have the dna who have to give a public account of their budget . 
  do you think that 's a `` fair war '' ? 
  then fine , be nihilistic about it , see how they gut it and return to business as usual . 
  to begin with , because there are several factions being investigated and each has a different story . 
  i 'd need a chart to enumerate them , but basically they all made their strawmen years ago and can not update them to take into account what has happened in the meantime , so they blame each other . 
  so adamescu was blaming the psd , even while it was n't it power . 
  psd being also hard hit was blaming basescu . 
  but basescu also got hit . 
  sebastian ghita , of the psd , who 's now on the run , is trying to ply that there is some sort of `` deep state '' but the only person who he could accuse has resigned immediately and nothing was found on him afterward . 
  they 're all trying to built a narrative , but they all hate each other too much to actually get a single story going . 
  every party is being hit . 
  every interest is being investigated . 
  no circle is coming out on top . 
  and it 's delicious like nothing else , since they ca n't play their old games of blaming each other . 
  secondly , if you 're a millionaire out of post-communist romania , you engaged in corruption . 
  this is n't a theory , or a supposition , this is a fact , it was not a good time to be a good person . 
  so hearing someone say they are completely innocent is such a bare-faced lie , that it hurts . 
  they did something , and if it 's small they 'll get a slap on the wrist and be done with it . 
  but if it 's big they will do anything , spend any amount of money , say any lie , risk anything to get off the hook . 
  and adamescu is one of the worst ones . 
  the moment his lawyer testified , he `` suicided '' an hour later . 
  this is how it goes in this country , or how it went until now . 
  i honestly do n't get the argument . 
  they also used police and jails , should we get rid of those too ? 
  are you saying that we should imprison those guilty of small crimes , and let those guilty of big crimes go free because of it ? 
  no `` questionable laws '' are being used here . 
  we 're using anti-mafia police tactics , as someone else said , because that 's what they are , a mafia .
