  even in the islamic world it was always different . 
  it 's always been as far as any european peninsula power or influence could hope to reach . 
  they are in many ways one of our natural neighbours , a cultural-identity center we 'll never be able to budge . 
  i 'm sorry my friend , but i like my stick to beat the christio-centric mentality in europe . 
  and while reality might often get in the way , it wo n't be for my lack of trying to get the narrative in line with a more humanistic set of standards rather than rabid ethno-religious conservatism . 
  also , i have friends in turkey , i like them , no reason for our countries not to be friends as well ... and dominate the black sea together against in the hegemon of the north . 
  that is a completely different beast in so many ways . 
  `` muslim so basically the same '' does not actually apply . 
  turkey has all the rough structures it needs to fully europeanize , they basically copied them word for word from the west the same way romania did ( twice ) . 
  iran in turn runs a system that is somewhat alien ( outside some historic european antecedents ) , and untouched either by rome , the enlightenment or the wars . 
  they 've always been their own power there , with their own structures and probably always will . 
  two years ago we 've had our eez touch russia for the first time in nearly two decades . 
  we have some historic experience in how `` conflict far away '' becomes `` conflict right at our door '' so we 're , i think , appropriately nervous . 
  even if the proximity was n't the case , we 'd rather not have any other great power rise on this continent . 
  it never ends well for us . 
   all you eu pundits want is access to our fishing grounds , innit ? 
  ai n't happening !, 
  grabs pitchfork real talk ? 
  we want you so we can then stage our retaking of quebec . 
  do n't tell the kanuks . 
  all you 've described is convention . 
  but a convention is not a fact , no matter how much you want it to be . 
  europe ends at the urals because we 've all decided it ends at the urals rather than the previous border of the volga . 
  india has more of a right to call itself a continent , at least they have their own tectonic plate . 
  you 're obsessed with some arbitrary designation that hold no meaning and would never be recreated by anyone who did n't already know it was there . 
  an empty shell , that bismark quipped was n't even real a hundred years ago , and did n't exist in any real shape a hundred year before that . 
  you 're defending an empty definition , simply because it let 's you define yourself against someone else through no virtue of your own . 
  what if i told you that cyprus is actually in asia ? 
  what if i told you that what you think as europe is not an actual objective geographical unit ? 
  what if i told you it 's an arbitrary separation from the eurasian landmass recently constructed over the centuries without any scientific basis whatsoever , and at one point did not even include scandinavia and anything beyond the river volga ? 
  i choose to believe that a secular turk is far more european than some religious twat from ( let 's say ) amsterdam telling me i should by pious in the face of the lord . 
  or that a democratic georgia would be far more european than a spain that went back to fascist rule . 
  i choose a europe you can fail at being in , that asks more of you than happening to be born on the right side of a piece of dirt . 
  so if turkey tries to be in europe then it can be in europe . 
  but only if it tries . 
  language not even needed , anyone born in europe should recognize the reference from picture alone . 
  shame . 
  yes . 
  he 's no saint , but considering the figure which broke the back of the old monarchies in europe and laid the ground for humanism was napoleon , we 've done more with less . 
  okay , i 'm from romania . 
  you know what romania 's goals are : not get invaded . 
  you know why ? 
  because that is the full extent of our abilities at their best , and so our hopes and dreams . 
  we ca n't even begin to imagine how to get anyone there let alone what we should do about it , it might as well be the weather , when it rains , it rains . 
  small countries have no idea what they will do if they had the option of making decision for an army that could theoretically invade any part of the world . 
  does n't mean we do n't have the same goals , we do because we 're sure on the one big one that is the lowest common denominator : do n't get invaded . 
  but we had other opportunities to help pave another path outside those two possibilities . 
  turkey is n't an easy problem to crack , but it 's one that needs cracking . 
  it 's too geo-politicaly important to ignore and we 've been blessed with a historical figure capable of offering us leverage on it 's development away from a middle eastern shithole . 
   i think the capitalist-imperialist world had passed . 
  with everyone interconnected with everyone , those logics aren1t true anymore . 
  the interconnection is being slowly undone . 
  russia and china have been working at quasi-autarky and america 's shale boom has given it that ability by sheer luck . 
  all three have expansionist attitudes preparing for some future unforeseen conflict , as can be seen by crimea invasion , south china island construction , and america being it 's normal self . 
  at the same time saudi and iran have been entering a cold war stand-off and both have been trying to gain ideological victory over the islamic world with us caught in the middle because of our belonging to the american westerner group they despise for the invasions in iraq and the muslim minorities in the balkans and now the west they want to use . 
  at the same time turkey is also gaining similar ambitions in their game as a wild card . 
  we 're the only group of countries in the world right now , perhaps outside of oceania , which still believes the status quo is anywhere near stable . 
  the 90s have ended , history has returned . 
   secondly , inertia is on the side of the eu . 
  it is simply prohibitively too expensive to leave it . 
  my theory is it wo n't disintegrate , it will be weakened until outside forces force an outright break . 
  my worst nightmare is hungary calling on russia to support it 's `` sovereignty '' , but there are a lot of scenarios up to that where we end up in one sphere of influence or another , including a resurgence of a german sphere to compensate for eu weakness . 
  thank you . 
   i owe it all to reading up on usa history and learning exactly where a bunch of states obsessed with their own sovereignty went wrong . 
  partly out of my whimsy following the rough outlines of roman borders , partly out of consideration of where we have existing foundations on which we can built a european humanist and legalist institutions , and mostly on the fact that the geographic and demographic necessities of most of russia means that they can only be safely ruled by a government that will inevitably operate exactly like russia 's . 
  as much as i would have liked us to reach out to our russian brothers , we can never truly operate like them . 
  it 's not even like the eu will exist past the next decade . 
  too many people arguing for an organization based on neoliberal minarchy in the middle of a world crowded with aggressive states competing for geopolitical power and market domination . 
  we 're going to be torn apart into a new cold war era and they 'll help saying it 's all for the best . 
  so efta , the thing you left to join the self-described political project to unite the continent . 
  not that it is n't obvious how stupid that neoliberal fantasy is in the real world where international corporations and chinese market manipulation is . 
  we 're still operating under robber barons . 
  do not think for a moment that they have any pangs of conscience , they are as self-validating and glorifying as any would-be saint . 
  and a politican is no less a bastard for being your countryman , plenty of traitors and schemers have existed in history that sold their own people out . 
  and do n't think that your voice is unique and we 'd somehow drown you out . 
  we do have extremely similar problems , despite the distance . 
  and together we 're better placed to tie down the ambitious of bigger fish like france and germany . 
  and if it does , we will have neighboring politicians start feeding populist fears of the resurgence of german hegemony , just like they did with the euro . 
  germany should stand back and support the eu institutions involved . 
   greece failing to repay debts ? 
  funnily enough historically invasion is exactly how debt repayment was enforced . 
  we 've actually gone fairly civilized , although we should really dismiss the eurogroup and let parliament oversee it , because it 's not fit for a democratic society . 
  this . 
  often giving a consistent response quickly is better than wasting time trying to figure out the best response , and hands down superior to two dozen competing responses butting heads at the same time . 
  okay , that hilarious . 
  though , in my opinion it 's that attitude that allowed erdogan to paint us as the enemy and alienate us from the turkish progressive wing . 
  we need a stable , secularized turkey , not another backwards country serving as a pipeline to conservative religious zealots . 
  and even in situations where we do n't agree , the resistance would be a good thing . 
  a conflict that you ca n't argue for in front of the other members is likely a conflict you should n't start . 
  libya being a great example where germany or anyone else should have been given the opportunity to make the countries involved explain their reasoning out loud and in detail . 
  there is nothing to loose from making declarations of war a community decision . 
  it 's either just and allowable , or it 's a frivolous show of force and no one should do it . 
   i would n't trust brussels to be able to run their eu army well . 
  it 's not `` brussels '' that would run the eu army . 
  it would likely involve creating an entire new chain of command with complementary bureaucracy . 
  the military has always been separate from the bureaucracy and the political structures for a reason , same as the judiciary . 
  so we need to first organize a chiefs of staff and ministry of defence as high-ranking strategic decision complementary bodies , and then all the military will be organized under the chiefs of staff . 
  we 'd likely only have a supreme commander in the event of war . 
   there 's the fact that the eu army could be used to stop dissent by force inside eu countries . 
  they are willing to try to place sanctions on poland and hungary for daring to revel in their sovereignty .
