  it 's willfull ignorance to pretend at `` independence '' here , just polite vassalage . 
  their protection is their to decide to give and take . 
  they do n't give it because they are `` nice '' , no one in geopolitics is `` nice '' . 
  they do it because it advantages them at the moment . 
  i 'm not arguing we should trust germany , quite the opposite . 
  i 'm arguing that we have better protections inside the structure of the eu and we should force them , rather than searching for protective nice-guys like some love-sick teenager . 
  do n't be flippant , it 's not like we have nothing to worry about regarding our neighbours to the east . 
  you think poland is rajtan ? 
  considering the attitude in the union , it 's say stanis\u0142aw szcz\u0119sny potocki is a better fit . 
  so , will the right wing defend the eu now ? 
  i 'm not looking for a hand to kiss . 
  and the reason ns2 is still in existence is because the eastern and northern countries are too afraid to force a vote in the eu over a political/foreign policy issue , and are failing to make an economics argument . 
  so germany 's project continues because it 's been given the sovereignty to do so , and thinks it 's in its national self-interest . 
  the same way the us can trade us into the russian sphere if they ever felt they had something to gain from it ( like help in the middle east ) . 
  we 're things to be bought and sold to them . 
  right , truth is relative , all views are valid , all the media is biased and nothing can be trusted . 
  you have a career at rt waiting for you . 
  everyone in polish and romanian government knows that first hand . 
  we help them torture people and invade countries and they still do n't let us step foot on their soil without proper visa unlike the rest of the eu , and dangle defense to keep us in line . 
  sure , because trump and russia have definetly no ties . 
  radek sikorski was right , and time will show it . 
  `` here in poland , we have a great tradition of putting ourselves in the hands of foreign powers . 
  we 'd make great allies to you . '', 
   they are not detention centres which prevent those people coming to europe . 
  many of the refugees in those camps ultimately will enter europe via the ` refugee swap ' deal . 
  surprisingly enough , countries do not want to be turned into refugee camps and we had to , be ready for it , compromise . 
  but `` many of the refugees '' ? 
  do you even know how many refugees turkey has taken in comparison to the whole of europe ? 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/refugees_of_the_syrian_civil_war )  no , this is n't the message at all because the number of refugees entering europe is n't decreasing . 
  do you seriously think the 2015 wave stopped because hungary built a fence ? 
  is that it ? 
   that does n't send any sort of message strong enough to reduce the pull factor of europe for refugees . 
  `` stay in turkey and you might have a chance , come here and have none . '', 
  honestly , you strike me as a perpetual complainer . 
  you simply ca n't handle the fact that the world does n't go exactly like you want , and any form of compromise that is done is an affront to your sensitivities . 
  you ca n't even be bothered to bring something new to the table besides this `` pie in the sky '' turkey deal plus ( with all the bad stuff removed ) crap . 
  even australia has to take people from niue , do n't you know ? 
  they can delay application , and make their lives misery but if they pass the asylum criteria they will have to be taken . 
  your heaven of the refugees going away completely simply does n't exist . 
  so turkey is not acting as an offshore detention center ? 
  it does not have camps built do hold refugees away from us for a price ? 
  we are not sending people back to turkey as a result ? 
  the return deal was not made to send the message that trying to come to europe will lead to nothing ? 
  the only difference is that you consider the price `` extortionate '' , because obviously you 'd make the best deals and everyone else must be an idiot for not managing to turn other countries into willful and obedient refugee camps . 
   removing ghadaffi was an expression our idiotic altruistic foreign policy have you considered that sarkozy and berlusconi were trying to get rid of someone who could potentially blackmail them ? 
  political memory is truly short if we 're now characterizing the event surrounding that military action as `` altruistic '' . 
  so pretty much the same deal that was made with turkey with the word `` reasonable '' thrown in . 
  gee , thanks . 
  that was largely an issue of message control . 
  she wanted to come out with a platform that would make her look sympathetic and pro-active , cooperative with greek and italian authorities , and allow her to resurrect the re-distribution system back from the 1990s , and replace dublin with a new system to shield germany . 
  the media did n't get the memo and spun it in something which she really did not want , since the idea was to keep moving refugees away from germany not get more . 
  you 're right , i do n't get it . 
  i do n't get people jumping into a frenzy to see aura of the gringo saviour . 
  i do n't get the rationalizations of everything the polish government does or says . 
  i do n't get poland in general in fact , because i simply do n't get the communist mentality re-packaged . 
  you 're right , very different , before you needed to be forced to act in this way , not you do it willingly . 
  it took 60 years , but in the end you finally embraced it . 
  there are arguments that it was partly in protest to the maltese presidency 's lackluster management and panama account scandal that the maltese prime-minister was involved in . 
  ca n't tell you how influential that was to the turn-out . 
  here 's another example , although one i 've never witnessed , as a safety feature . 
  if the product maximum theoretical lifetime has a failure mode which is extremely dangerous , like batteries exploding , and the object ca n't be made `` smart '' to monitor for that , you can set it so a piece critical to it functioning in the first place fails before the critical failure is reached . 
  so the object stops functioning and gets thrown away/recycled before it becomes a danger to the user . 
  edit : heh , i just realized i sort of described a fuse . 
  well you 're dealing with 2 good points there : point one , information asymmetry . 
  a product designed to fail at a certain mark intentionally beyond simple wear is only really unethical if people are unaware of it . 
  there is always the possibility of criminal activity , and this is just what that is , criminal . 
  on the other hand , if people are aware of the eventual failure then we have a grey zone where market forces come in , which brings us to ... point two , people are bloody magpies . 
  the apple products with the in-build batteries are the perfect example . 
  they are pretty magic boxes with a status symbol attached . 
  but unless apple customer care in america is different than in europe and offers easy replacements and repair , they are objectively overpriced pieces of crap . 
  now i admit there are times where planned obsolescence needs good legislative framework , especially with point two where blunt human stupidity comes into play . 
  but i also wanted to give a wider view of how obsolescence works , and how it provides a tool in some manufacturing models to balance the scales . 
  durability is not always a feature that is required , desired , and some products might never make it to market because their high-durability makes the entire production line a 20 year one shot which no one wants to take . 
  to begin with , it 's not the nebulous and vague but of-refereed to concept of capitalism that is the problem , simply because it has no adequate definition . 
  but actually the consumerist culture that seek material possession beyond rational need , based on socio-hierarchical association with material wealth . 
  this has little to do with the de-regulated free market since even in a regulated market consumerist forces will place the same constraint on production methods . 
  and as shit as consumerist culture is , it 's the only socio-economic model born out of the mass unemployment brought by the second industrial revolution that survived way into the 21st century , while the militarist production predicted by orwell and the minimalist plenty predicted by communist thinkers fell into disrepair . 
  people did n't want to make guns , and they did n't want to keep making food and housing . 
  they wanted nylons , blue-jeans and cola-cola . 
  because people . 
  and there are consumer protection groups who try to fight what you 're been saying about uncompetative practices through legal rangling and information campaigns . 
  but they get fewer donations , and instead money goes into buying fad gyroscopic spinners . 
  this is the world , and from the manufacturing point of view the entire process is a response to consumer demand and feedback , through the medium of corporate attempts at increasing sales . 
  moralizing over that demand and feedback is simply outside the scope of product design and manufacturing . 
  if people buy shit , the people on the design end are positively motivated to provide shit . 
  edit : just to make it clear , i am against black-box products and do n't mind at all if the people 's preference gets ignored and design legislated into my preferred world of open source , small repair shops and modular units . 
  apple design 's and their popularity are anathema to me , and am glad that something is getting in their way . 
  biodegradability is an example of a product feature designed specifically with the failure over time being a positive . 
  i 'm not going to say that designed faults do n't exist . 
  because there 's no shortage of assholes anywhere . 
  but planned obsolescence can be something as simple as choosing to glue your components together over screws or rivets because it costs less and customers could n't care less about repair or lifetime beyond 2 years . 
  you want a product designed and built for maximum possible lifetime ? 
  splurge , they exist . 
  lifetime guarantees are a thing . 
  but they are n't cheap . 
  a ) everything is finite , but that 's no reason to pressure yourself into self-imposed scarcity . 
  utility extracted in the present is of much greater value than a theoretical future utility anyway . 
  for all you know , a decade or two down the line the resource becomes obsolete and useless anyway saving you nothing ( like bat guano being replaced with chemical fertilizers ) . 
  this is also one of the paradoxes of substituting oil/coal with alternatives . 
  ( not that i promote oil/coal use ) b ) still , not everything mass-produced is a consumer product .
