  but yeah , i 've been wondering about mbt differences as well . 
  how many half-assed refurbishments were done in the various armies , that saw half the tank fleet use different parts ? 
  how many little differences were added to the national variants to give local companies permanent exclusive support ? 
  two arguments i can give here . 
  first , if everyone has different needs , why is everyone buying leopards ? 
  almost no one buys the leclarc , the challenger or the artiere . 
  but leopards are being adopted left , right and center . 
  it seems `` we are all different '' , only applies to countries with defense industries they need to support . 
  for everyone else , tanks can be objectively better . 
  also , consider for one moment the us military , which is so far above everything else that it ca n't even be considered a conventional military . 
  it has an worldwide interests , a variety of environments it has had to fight in , and needs to be prepared for symmetric and asymmetric warfare . 
  and it has one main battle tank . 
  a host of other auxiliary vehicles , but one main battle tank . 
  because that 's all it needs . 
   each country has a different economy with different needs according to their demography and goals . 
  when american mortgages collapse , we feel it . 
  when chinese construction stops , we feel it . 
  an earthquake hits taiwan , we feel it . 
  and that 's just worldwide . 
  in europe it 's much tighter and would be even without the eu because of the distances involved and the state sizes . 
  and are we a bunch of alien races or something ? 
  this `` each country has a different goal '' is utter non-sense . 
  because as human beings , we all have one goal : living well . 
  we can either do that together , or fail doing it apart . 
  with the engine , all the moving parts and electronics changed . 
  from a logistic point of view , that sounds like a new vehicle . 
  if we did n't have a motto that could n't be used with a truck full of sarcasm , we would have failed as a continent . 
  seriously , german companies actually want to outsource things to romania . 
  the issue they 've been having is that they 've been taken in by charlatans that are over-pricing themselves compared to the rest of the romanian market , and giving bad results . 
  but western companies are not shy about moving operations , especially since they can excuse it to local governments with the fact that cheaper romanian made vehicle seats , means that the car factory in germany gets to stay competitive . 
  really ? 
  i thought it silently petered off after the backlash . 
  well , at-least they wo n't have to change much . 
  to begin with , there is no longer a `` french industrial economic interest '' . 
  the irony of having romanians work french jobs , is that the french economy becomes a factor in our unemployment . 
  their companies health effect our contractors that work for them . 
  and honestly , even if it was n't that way , maybe the french government needs other countries to balance its perspective , since refugees from countries they consider far away , might hit us hard and then that trickles back to france . 
  the reality of the situation , i reiterate , is that we 're in this together . 
  where we look like we 're apart , it 's because someone took a narrow and myopic view . 
  and it 's the job of those that see how the dominoes align to help correct the erroneous perceptions that drive us into disaster . 
  and if you think romania is somehow not willing or able to see it . 
  we 've always seen were the wind blows . 
  we 're no stranger to joining foreign adventures of bigger countries . 
  but in the eu , we get a vote and a chair at the table , which makes a lot of difference to us . 
   no wonder people do n't want to do these jobs . 
  that 's going to be step 2 : the return of workfare . 
  we do n't need a `` centralized european government '' anymore than than switzerland has one . 
  we 're not creating a damn empire . 
  and ofcourse we 'll have factories scattered . 
  and you know what , that 's a good thing . 
  harder to destroy . 
  right now we do n't have a flexible distributed production systems . 
  we have a dozen centralized miniature productions systems . 
  french needs are european needs.and european needs are french needs . 
  there is no difference . 
  right now nato is to our defence , what the eurozone was to our economies , and schengen to our borders : a half-assed attempt at avoiding our irrelevance , which we 'll fail when tested . 
  we 're in this together . 
  our alliance means that our threats our mutual . 
  and our interest are shared . 
   lol and have another shitshow like the a400m ? 
  they 'd manage to produce a tank that ca n't shoot . 
  the a400m happened exactly because of this whole `` every government gets a say '' issue . 
  it 's our collective dysfunction , forced into perspective through one simply , hard to fuck up project . 
  we need a single organization that sets out requests and standards , not several trying to bully each other into the ground . 
  an intergovernmental europe is mess , and has always been . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  iran , russia and china use each other . 
  none have ever had any love for their relationship . 
  if it was n't for the american umbrella , they 'd be engaging in their own little great game . 
  but since the situation is as is , they 're happy enough to simply twist each other 's arms every once in a while . 
  israel : has been caught spying several times on us officials . 
  and has ignored admonishments towards it 's settlements program . 
  saudi arabia : funds the very people the us considers terrorists . 
  everyone is in it for himself , kept together by geopolitical interest . 
  yeah , i 've read the us reports on it . 
  they 're apparently really frustrated that every time they try to set up `` multilateral cooperation '' , it ends up as a `` pandering to the us '' contest , and turns to outright fighting when they leave the room . 
  well , the brass is , the political arm might like treating countries like children . 
  straight off the bat i see the m48 and the pt-91 missing . 
  are you sure you got the count right ? 
  edit : also , apparently missing is the amx . 
  without trying to get pendantic about how much you need to change before a variant becomes it 's own tank , that 's 11 . 
  iran , russia , china , india , israel and saudi arabia have no allies . 
  they have partners of convenience and that 's it . 
  asia is a different beast from europe . 
  19th century realpolitik is the norm . 
  you 're perfectly right . 
  but reality trumps politics and perceptions with a loud and painful thump . 
  we 're all in this together , and we ca n't deny that any more than we can deny that walls are hard and we ca n't fly . 
  just because they 're called the same , but different versions , does n't mean they have interchangeable parts and schematics . 
  even local variants might not have parts that are interchangeable . 
  i tried counting them just now , but honestly how do you separate a t-55 from a heavily modernized t-55 without knowing how much was changed . 
  and i do n't . 
  few might . 
  this is why the us only has one battle tanks . 
  might not be the best , but these are not questions that it needs answering . 
   there is no way that all european states together have operational !!!!!, 
  17 different types of mbts and 20 types of fighter planes . 
  romania alone has 2 different main battle tanks . 
  and two different types of fighter planes . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/equipment_of_the_romanian_armed_forces ) greece has [ 5 types of mbts ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_equipment_of_the_hellenic_army#main_battle_tanks ) of a completely different type from romania .
