  she is one of the conservative , vision-less , poll-by-poll governing career politicians that has kept us in crisis-mode for the last 10 years . 
  she has reacted to events , rather than help shape them . 
  her government has dragged its feet on european fiscal and banking union , dragged its feet on helping italy and greece with migrants in 2011 , dragged its feet on a response to russia in 2014 , and has done nothing but help epp allies in other countries continue the same brand of leadership . 
  angela merkel 's government is not a defender of the liberal west , it 's a herald of populist governance that is too afraid to admit to itself how much it shares with the new right . 
  in fact she is one of the original ones , saying multiculturalism has failed before it was cool , pandering to those forces she now fights . 
  i think we should n't be afraid of the nation . 
  we should be afraid of those who wants to turn a nation , any nation , into their blood-priviledge . 
  you can see these people in america and in france , talking about `` true french '' . 
  if you do n't take it away from them , they will monopolize that identity and use it against you . 
  the words `` internationalist '' and `` globalist '' have already started being used to show a lack of virtues and values , those are tainted words , for most people the values of the countries around them feel threatened and so the blood-nationalists are picking them up , since no one is giving them an alternative . 
  and do n't make the mistake of thinking of nations and identities as monolithic . 
  being european does n't mean you 're not , for example slovakian , or catholic , or socialist . 
  identity is a layered thing , and it happens without any effort . 
  what we can do is add values and meaning to these layers . 
  make european mean much more than a geographic indicator . 
  make questions like : `` is cyprus european ? '', 
  seem simple and purile . 
  of course a cypriot is european , they value european values , they participate in the european project , what else need be said . 
  there is erdogan 's turkey and attaturk 's turkey . 
  and that later turkey still exists , do n't abandon it . 
   what people like / u/h0agh do n't want to understand is that v4 is well within eu treaties from legality perspective . 
  completely agree . 
  but from a political perspective , it 's a mess . 
  and i would n't completely blame the v4 for it . 
  every politician in europe was blind to what was building up . 
  legality aside , now that we have germany finally giving up their status quo stance on it , the v4 should be encouraged to follow suit and help finally break the dead lock and create something more sturdy . 
  instead it seems they 're trying to ride on the anti-immigrant vote by not solving the problem , since they gain so much from having it . 
  ecj is set soon to decide weather forced relocation is within the scope of lisbon treaty among those things where unanimity is not needed . 
  actually , i think this is n't the case . 
  i checked awhile ago and did n't see a case recorded . 
  it 's looking like the migrant quota is impossible to take to court because it 's not law or treaty , it 's a gentlemen 's agreement . 
  for the same reason no one can force anyone to abide by it . 
  so politicians from the v4 are lieing about it being taken to court , and politicians from the west are lieing about sanctions being applied . 
  both know that the matter is dead , but they think they can score points by pretending the decision is actually valid instead of a farce . 
  you have to remember that eurasia has about 6 mini-hegemonies that are competing on a fairly equal basis . 
  russia , china , india , iran , saudi arabia , and ( debatable ) the eu . 
  of those first 5 , none of them trust the others completely , and all of them are willing to make and break deals as they see fit. , and they 're all playing for as much as they can grab . 
  very much 19th century cutthroat geopolitics . 
  the sort of thing a man like bismark would consider home ground . 
  from a eu perspective , they 're all more or less incompatible with what passes for geopolitics from us . 
  whenever we 're not sending mixed messages or looking incompetent we can best be described as a `` trade and stabilisation '' force , a failed one but that 's besides the point . 
  so , who can we trust to the east as partners ? 
  safe bet is no one . 
  any attempts at partnership only encourages the partner to test their luck and drag us into their squabbles . 
  at best we can hope to juggle russia , iran , china and india in such a way that we do n't harm ourselves in the process . 
  as for the saudi 's they 're only likable feature are their immense weapons deals they make , toxic in almost every other respect . 
   then please let me know when the extremely solidary `` rest of the eu '' is done distributing the 160k people or so - because sure as fuck it does n't look like solidarity . 
  here 's the thing . 
  that was done in , what is in my opinion , an illegal action . 
  the actual law was supposed to be passed through the parliament and the concillium , discussed in public , go through committee , and be voted on . 
  instead it was discussed inside secret meetings , and we have no idea what happened or what the arguments were . 
  in fact , donald tusk has said that orban initially approve the plan before heading for the cameras . 
  in fact , the running of the schengen zone , was taken away from the parliament by the member states , just so they can do the type of thing they did without legal supervision . 
  this is the problem . 
  when the crisis happens , the solution is not solved by the eu . 
  instead the national leaders start thinking that they can skip the rule of law and surprise us with this shit , after years of blocking everything and keeping everyone in the dark . 
  it should stop , and i 'm sorry we did n't wake up to their failure sooner . 
  orban and merkel share in that blame here though , as well as every other leader that promotes leadership by euco , rather than by rule of law . 
  we should never be run like that again . 
  you 're putting the cart before the horse . 
  nato is a result of the status quo . 
  arguing that we have to keep the status quo so we can change nato is going to lead to , predictably , the status quo . 
  especially since `` start talking '' usually means `` do nothing '' , dilution of responsibility being what it it . 
  i say we actually get off our butts , and create the sort of organization that can actually sit on the nato table with enough weight to make a change obvious . 
  labour unions did n't get anywhere by `` talking it out '' before forming . 
  first they form , they they can get leverage . 
  same rules apply . 
  nato is an intergovernmental organization . 
  if you ca n't handle the realities of how those work , what can i say ? 
  do n't support intergovernmental organizations . 
  the eu is a federal organizations . 
  it has no issues getting its 1 % of national gdp for the budget . 
  because the budget is voted on by the members , upheld by laws , supervised by accountants , checked by courts . 
  as a supporter of deeper integration of eu armed forces , nato looks like a bad joke . 
  the american government appoints someone to lead the armed forces unilaterally , always an american general . 
  it asks nicely for members to spend 2 % , and never checks . 
  and it expects small countries to maintain capabilities that they are simply not rich enough to pay the up-front costs for . 
  it 's wishful thinking . 
  what are you going to do about it , take it to the ecj ? 
  and making estonia cut into its education funding just so it can , maybe , get its own tank is not a smart argument to make . 
  we can do much more without raising an extra cent , instead of for example using accounting tricks to top up the numbers . 
  source : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/mod-accused-of-using-creative-accounting-to-meet-nato-commitment-on-defence-spending-a6993526.html, 
   unfortunatelly , fight against refugees is the only thing v4 and eastern europe ever accomplished we did n't accomplish jack shit . 
  we maintained the same stance germany had since 2011 to fuck over italy and greece and now are relying on the turks to do our job for us . 
  the eastern states , not all of them but a significant number , have blocked a common border force , then defanged it somewhat , have blocked a common asylum system that would prevent the german/sweden issue , have blocked hot spots because some might be located outside greece , italy . 
  that 's the extend of our achievement . 
  we used our votes , our representation , to help erdogan blackmail us , fuck italy/greece over , and give orban a pr boost . 
  if turkey opens the tap again , we 'll complain that no solutions were founded by the eu , when it 's we who have failed to get anything done . 
  we have , by law , a lot more power than we had outside the eu . 
  but we act like gaulic tribes , than romans . 
  do you think us in the east would have refused being turned into cheap productions centers ? 
  the unemployment before the eu was n't great . 
  but instead of simply singing a trade agreement where we do what we 're currently doing for china , bending over to get some of their sweet money , we actually got a seat at the table and a vote . 
  the west never needed to get us into the eu , in fact that 's what the uk is complaining about . 
  it wants us to have become that , their little colonial venture rather than part of the club . 
  so , do you want to wait for the danegeld request to come in ? 
  do you intend us to become part of a modern `` confederation of the rhine '' , a neat little group of midgets for somebody else to control ? 
  because that 's the extent of the vision of people like orban , turn the eu into the `` finlandized alliance of europe '' . 
   we prefer to drive trump even more towards russia instead ? 
  we have this much influence on trump : 0 .
