  no , really . 
   `` he deliberately had himself arrested by the british hoping they would take him to court . 
  however , this did n't happen . 
  documents from the british archives later revealed that it was advised against taking the belgian to court , because of fears concerning the 1666 charter . 
  they were afraid it would still be in force '' cheers . 
   hah , common law , always a wellspring of surprises . 
  i ca n't read the article , but is n't that document legally binding unless it 's been revoked by the uk parliament in the meantime ? 
  during the same time she found out that she could n't send refugees back to hungary . 
  there is actually an [ extensive thread here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4au611/chancellor_merkels_invitation_in_the_refugee/ ) about just how bad the situation was before she did her speech . 
  and yes , you 're right , the whole things was her preserving her career . 
  she pushed the quota system through the council , bypassing the eu parliament to preserve her career . 
  that 's merkel , a careerist incarnate that does whatever it takes to win the next election , no matter the consequences over the long term . 
  but to defeat her she has to be called on what she is , an opportunist , a reactionary politician , a mindless political robot . 
  not , as many on the right wing like to think of her now `` an emotional bleeding-heart '' , she is not that , she would throw refugees into the water and drown them if she though the german electorate would give her another term because of it . 
  to begin with the defeatist attitude that we should n't try to limit french and german power through federation , because they 're powerfull anyway does us nothing good . 
  they are at their most powerfull now , in this system of intergovernmental deals and negotiation . 
  why not at least try to change that if we can only make the situation better ? 
  why just do nothing , if doing anything gives us the chance to gain more power in relation to them ? 
  and i am exactly arguing against rushing into a federation . 
  because if we wait until the very last moment , we will do as the americans did , and quickly build federal structures which will be shitty , unplanned and likely influenced by the increased power germany/france will have in a crisis . 
  if we start things now when the pressure is lowest , we can get our way more of the time , since we would n't be immediately dependent on their help . 
  in an emergency , they will be the ones holding all the cards , and will help design systems that will keep it that way . 
  i think this fear of federation actually brings us closer and closer to a system where we are second tier countries , the same way american fear of political parties gave them 2 major parties , their fear of a federal government gave them the powerful presidency , and their fear of a standing army gave them the military industrial complex . 
  they never planned , so they always got fucked up results . 
  why do you assume i 'm somehow pro-germany ? 
  do you think i would n't criticize them as well . 
  my position on ns2 is that we should do , what poland and other countries have stoped short of doing so far and ask the eu commission to stop germany out of political considerations . 
  [ merkel herself is trying to wiggle out of that possibility ] ( https://www.reuters.com/article/germany-estonia-nordstream-idusb4n1g002d ) and the rest of the eu are so obsessed with political and foreign policy sovereignty that they 're terrified of using it on germany . 
  so far they 've only made economic and monopoly arguments that have failed to stand up to scrutiny allowing merkel to get her way . 
  you 're trapped in a whataboutist circle where you ca n't see solution outside the qui-pro-quo betrayels . 
  european solidarity needs constitutional reform , and it means both poland and germany relinquishing a similar amount of independence . 
  to say otherwise is to believe in fairly tales . 
  the difference between germany and poland though , is that merkel has to walk a fine edge with denying further integration . 
  she has only managed to do that so far because government more eurosceptic than her have allowed her the freedom she needs . 
  the 4 years germany pushed for the dublin convention to be respected , and the events in 2012 when germany and a bunch of inner countries reformed schengen to declare interior borders as they please specifically to fuck over the border countries the moment they inevitably failed to become refugee camps for them ? 
  germany back then was no different than poland or hungary , the difference now is that all the refugees are going to germany directly without being able to be sent back and nothing really changed for poland and hungary , except they have a new boogeyman to get votes with . 
  nobody wants the bloody refugees mate , there was no real invitation , just another emotional play from a country trying to get rid of them . 
  see , i disagree completely with that , and i constantly struggle to see the logic in it . 
  it 's the lack of a federation that strengthens franco-german influence . 
  without votes , without laws , they can use their raw strength and influence to get their way , while the smaller states are divided and conquered . 
  a federation puts limits on raw strength in favor of procedure . 
  it gives small states the opportunity of taking issues to court , such as slovakia 's trial over the refugee quota with the ecj . 
  it allows all of us to force germany to state what it wants in front of the cameras rather than visiting each foreign ministry seperatly and then having a secret vote in a closed council , like it did with those very same quotas . 
  federation is actually better for us , and worse for the big players . 
  apparently that 's all you remember since everything before 2015 has been obviously forgotten . 
  my apologies there , a bit above he compared duda to rajtan , and my response would be more appropriate there . 
  the issue is that what pis wants out of the eu is what the targowica confederation wanted out of the plc : a loose system that preserved their own power and wealth without hindering their sense of independence . 
  the consequence of that was a willingness of the t. confederation to deal with outside powers , thinking they can manipulate them into giving them what they want , only for themselves to be manipulated into destroying their only real protection . 
  this atlanticism , and the parallel hungarian russo-philia married with constant demands for less eu interference and sabotage of eu defence integration ( poland actually did n't even want our new military headquarter to be called a headquarters ) paints the image of the government being the self-serving magnate turning foolish traitor . 
  one theme you 'll find in my posts is that i do n't trust really germany . 
  in fact , i really do n't want to see a bigger german army or more integration with it 's forces because it 's the international system of client-protector that i distrust and adding germany into that makes things even more unstable . 
  i argue that we can exploit certain traits of german and french politics , as well as the economic and manpower limits placed on their armed forces and defence industries to push them into a set of circumstances where their preferences no longer matter . 
  in short , do n't trust germany to rescue you . 
  tie all european nations to each other so if one sinks , the others will have to save him . 
   germany shivers at the mere thought of a strong army . 
  of course the us has interest in keeping us safe and it 's not just `` being nice '' , but you have to be smart enough to use that to your advantage . 
  german 's fear of a strong army is our benefit , because we can turn it into funding of a eu army which we 'd have a vote in . 
  america has zero interest to keep us safe . 
  that 's why the 2 % defense spending was brought up : start buying us equipment , make it worth our while . 
  stop trying to play the damn internationalist game , we will loose it . 
  every small country in history believed that it can do it , and eventually found that there was always a price to be paid . 
  it 's like an employee who does n't join a labour union because he think he can out-smart management and everyone else and win big . 
  it 's `` small , temporarily embarrassed empire '' thinking . 
  outside a system of voting and law , we 're meat . 
  the naive part is if we allow ourselves to be meat . 
  `` realists '' , as you call them , knew that there is no invitation and merkel was trying to push refugees away from germany by doing a 180 on her previous `` fuck italy/greece '' attitude the moment german courts prevented her from using dublin agreement to send them back , and trying to leave a re-distribution system by pretending she had a change of heart and talked solidarity . 
  before that she was known as the woman that made a palenstinian girl cry as she calmly explained to her that germany had no more room , so she had to go back . 
  the `` invitation '' story is a media creation that has benefited the narratives of the left and right , but has no root in political reality . 
  left gains political presence in the center and can act as the majority voice , and right gets to call merkel an enemy instead of a representative of the sort of political opportunism they worship and adore in the eastern autocrats . 
   yes , what did germany do when russia invaded ukraine , they built pipes to russia . 
  europe ca n't and wo n't protect you against russia . 
  i think you are lying to yourself if you think otherwise . 
  and what did america do ? 
  they actually signed the document that assured the independence of ukraine with the result : nothing much . 
  we need to tie germany into us more , integrate their manufactury , economy , and military so much that they ca n't disentangle . 
  make their help a legal requirement . 
  that will give us insurance , that will defend us . 
  the american 's will always have one foot out the door . 
  and if we push together with the rest of the east for the commission to issue a political warning , [ merkel will have to bite her tongue ] ( https://www.reuters.com/article/germany-estonia-nordstream-idusb4n1g002d ) . 
  but we think ourselves `` small empires '' , and are afraid of giving up our own sovereignty by taking it from germany . 
   if the living conditions were approximately the same , if the wages were about the same in the whole union , then i believe it will be more unite but it is not the case , and if you force a closer relation it will splinter . 
  that 's my opinion . 
  why are you arguing economy when discussing security ? 
  fire burns the house of both poor and rich . 
  when it comes to our security , an invasion of any kind endangers us all . 
  and the rich do n't go off and create their own countries as it suits them , wealth simply has no bearing on the commonality of law , politics and protection when dealt with rationally . 
   well being a vassal state in history was n't an option . 
  you had no choice . 
  related to us , romania has a choice , and i believe it too the right call . 
  do we ? 
  is n't that the argument : romania needs protection against russia and the only one that can provide it is the us ? 
  what other alternatives do we have right now ? 
  in thousands of years of confederations , vasalages and alliances in europe , i 'd say the greater illusion is putting out trust in another distant empire . 
  we have in the eu an achean league . 
  a confederation that will either splinter in the face of a new master , or unite and become an entity of it 's own capable of defending itself and it 's members . 
  it has been done before , we 're not in new territory . 
  and you say they are `` not forcing us to do anything . '', 
  but who knows ? 
  perhaps they occasionally mention to the defense minister how they have dozens of f35 that need buying , or the foreign minister how there is some support they might wish to have behind closed doors , or to the interior minister how a us company seems to have some problems with a local authority . 
  it 's not like they have n't done it before .
