  this `` political symbolism '' as you call it is n't empty . 
  it 's our own security concerns finding an outlet through finding international guarantors . 
  and that concerns and dependence is n't less real because the integration is ineffective . 
   we 're by far the least likely state to even think about military issues , much less actually using military force . 
  my fear is n't that we 'd be brought into a conflict . 
  we willingly went with the american 's into iraq for nato membership , and we 'd be stupid not to considering what we were dealing with at the time . 
  we 're not shy about such things like the west is , too close to the fire . 
  i 'm afraid that any eventual conflict forced upon us will see the alliance 's currently built being worth shit . 
  both in war and in diplomacy . 
  if they need to maintain the pretense and defend themselves when it fails , that 's a good bedrock for actual standard and objectivity . 
  just because standards can be feigned or bypassed does n't mean they should be binned . 
  it 's no different on the national level . 
  we 're not monolothic nations where everyone agrees and it 's the eu that needs debate and political maneuver . 
  we 're not exploring unknown territory here , we 're just scaling things up . 
  it 's likely a desperate attempt to maintain their tank brigades . 
  it looks good on paper because higher numbers make people happy , just hope it never gets tested . 
   the respective nations retain full political and military command over their own forces . 
  this is my problem . 
  it 's a lie , and it 's a lie told to the daft petty `` sovereigntists '' who like the illusion of independence better than actually thinking about things . 
  necessity and reality will make smaller states become subservient to german command . 
  this is just how things are done , have been done , and will be done when you have such disproportionate power imbalances . 
  we 've done it for the americans , for the russians , for every damn power in history we became a client state of , it 's unsustainable in the end . 
  the europhobes are n't triggered by it because they 're idiots . 
  i 'd like to see a eu army , and can see the many unresolved holes and feigned reassurances given to the histrionic reactionary elements that needs their illusions of '' [ insert country here ] strong independent country who does n't need anyone else , except this one time and we can stop whenever we want , we just do n't really want to '' . 
   if the end result is the entire eu joining the german army , or starting an eu army from scratch . . the end result is the same . 
  a unified eu army , regardless how how they got it . 
  two different things leading in two different paths . 
  one leads to common command structures which gives equal opportunity and political power to each member , both the nations and individuals . 
  the other is a geopolitical pastiche of alliances centered on a separate and detached command , with equally chaotic mutually reliance needing a strong `` central force '' to direct it in the form of the german army . 
  it 's a mess . 
   just last month the eu voted yes on a european union joint military headquarters . 
  except as morgherini keeps saying : it 's not a military headquarters . 
  it 's not even getting extra staff , it 's just getting people from the existing external action service staff . 
  it 's not even called a hq anymore , because that 's the level of compromise involved . 
   saying the eu is not building an army is just ignoring the facts . 
  i 'm sorry but you 're seeing what you want to see . 
  it 's not happening , and it 's a shame . 
  we 're headed in a completely opposite direction . 
  it 's not the same thing.there a proper way to take action together and an improper way . 
  the ad-hoc intergovernmental alliance system is the improper way . 
  no checks and balances , no structural rules , no institutional knowledge . 
  without institutional framework for common decision making , than `` action together '' is impossible even if everyone is outwardly willing . 
  countries do n't even need to agree , they just need to have a structure they can disagree and negotiate in , in an organized manner . 
  it 's a continuation of the politics of hegemony . 
  romanian military acting as an auxiliery force for another seperate command , nominally independent but realistically tied to be virtue of necessity . 
  it also does n't solve any of the major structural , command and communication issues on the continent while giving the outward appearance of security through larger troop numbers . 
  they can call it whatever they like . 
  eu army development presents completely different issues which german army integration does n't tackle . 
  in my opinion this is defense necesity finding a different and exclusive path since the eu army causes many to foam at the mouth at the mention of it . 
  i think we 'll regret it . 
  were going back to the sphere of influence model of europe . 
  the eu and germany are two separate entities . 
  which makes the german army integration extremely worrying since it lacks the needed political integration . 
  i guess the idea that people who read newspaper talk to people who have n't and telling them `` facts '' they read in the newspaper has n't occurred to you ? 
  they do n't need a majority of people . 
  just a significant share of the total media output . 
  the times only comes out looking well compared to the rest of the murdoch media but still favored leave . 
  [ citation ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/uk-newspapers-had-dominant-pro-brexit-bias-says-reuters-institute-2016-9 ) do n't know where this `` times supported remain '' bullshit came about . 
  i imagine some brexit supporters were n't happy that not everyone was zealously on their side . 
  some were just cautiously so . 
  there 's no virtue in being `` upfront about it '' . 
  they 're not afraid of getting called out on publishing propaganda , that is not a good thing . 
  lies do n't become any less untrue if you get them of every flavour of the political spectrum . 
   i prefer newspapers to be openly biased and support a candidate . 
  this is how you get the standards of the british media . 
  when you abandon accuracy and objectivity , as hard as it is to achieve , and just start asking about bias . 
  just because the media tend towards bias , does n't mean it should be acceptable . 
  there should always be an expectation of adhering to a journalistic standard . 
  the moment you abandon that , you 're saying that you 're ok with lies and manipulation as long as you can get them in every flavour . 
  this is how we become a punching bag . 
   we were rightfully upset when trump tried to bypass the eu and negotiate with countries individually we should n't be trying to do the same . 
  turnabout is fair play . 
  when a country tries to drag us through realpolitik into dividing ourselves , we do n't only have a duty to mount a response we are obliged to do it better . 
  if they did n't want the attention , they should n't have fished for it . 
  no prolonged media campaign , no `` will they , wo n't they '' ambiguity , no narrative spin applied . 
  this should be a lesson . 
  while this might not turn out to be the best idea , it 's an idea that was quickly and calmly undertaken and that makes all the difference . 
  good vibes . 
  well , you know , there was a reason the uk did so poorly after ww2 . 
  it had shit leardership , out-dated institutions and unrealistic expectations , but they `` won '' the war so they went ahead without looking in the mirror . 
  that 's not the fault of the re-enactment anymore than lyndisfarne glorifies viking raids . 
  that 's not even really the fault of the british , plenty of authors and politicians pointed it out . 
  it 's just history , they were given a poison chalice . 
  admittedly , the glorification of the side-show that was the african front , the empty radio-celebrity that was churchill ( as proven by his second term and his previous career ) , and the disregard for french sacrifices during dunkirk and their scuttling of their fleet involves a lot of willful blindness . 
  so is cyprus , but cyprus is also europe because that 's how we roll . 
  seriously , chill . 
  this is europe , it 's a weird century old convention that does n't have a lot of objective meaning . 
  and turkey is part of the general cluster of european powers and interact with each other , and we all have a significant effect on each other . 
  either become less dogmatic , or at least pick a dogma which is n't so fluid . 
  personally , i think we should n't be taking right/wrong sides on this . 
  the dynamics of the rivalry does n't fit neatly into the western mindset , and apparent and there 's a bit too much realpolitik going around . 
  it 's probably best to well away from this mess , and not deal with any anti-colonialist backlash . 
  although considering our current sa preferentialism in europe , maybe try to normalize our relations with iran to not show any favoritism . 
  or you know , give the middle finger to both iran and sa , that 's also an option . 
  so no , not really ? 
  at least , not under the current administration . 
  `` dad 's army '' effect . 
  two world wars and one world cup . 
  basically nostalgic romanticism over a simpler world where it was us vs them . 
  btw , i do n't really agree with op .
