  i actually feel weirdly patriotic about it . 
  and it 's not / r/europe without a brit complaining about a romanian complaining about the tabloids . 
  damn dutch , teach us how to achieve this !, 
  spending months at a time without a government sounds like a sweet reprieve from the madness . 
  because who gives a fuck ? 
  there 's no money in it , and few votes . 
  if you looked at the state of the council housing , you 'd realize that no one actually wanted them to be livable accommodation to begin with . 
  thin walls , shit unit heating systems using uninsulated tanks and electrical brick heaters , dubious electrical installations , shoddy weather proofing . 
  and all of that done with the cheapest building materials possible . 
  even at the height of their construction , it shows that cost-conservation was priority . 
  i think that all depends if there 's going to be a tory or labour government in the near future , considering the potential lifetime of the coalition . 
  a labour government would have more deniability over the conditions of negotiations , so there 's no great need for grandstanding . 
  a tory government on the other hand has to go into full `` brexit means brexit '' mode and show the public it can get tough on johnny foreigner . 
  it does n't help that the tories still hold the button over leveson 2 , and think they can play the media as they please to hide the shit they 're trying to pull regarding trying to finesse a not-quite exit even we do n't really want . 
  well , now that you no longer have an election we 're apparently interfering with , we can get down to brass tacks , stop the bitterness and start productive negotiations ... . well , at least pretend we can stop for the next 4 days before the real media shitstorm starts . 
  it was also a french supported anti-american project after the suez invasion failed and it started looking to germany as a partner rather than a threat . 
  it was a lot of things to a lot of people . 
  and pan-europeanism stretches all the way into the 19th century . 
  but the only thing that matters is what we make of it into the future . 
  welcome to how most of the eu has felt the past year considering the tabloid headlines . 
   now since brexit there 's a soft * enemy to stand up and show unity against . 
  the uk , the us , russia , china , turkey , isis . 
  we 're spoiled for choice , hardness and flavour on this one . 
   germany , france and italy are breaking the rules and has never been punished so what are you talking about ? 
  [ italy ] ( https://uk.practicallaw.thomsonreuters.com/9-618-8355?__lrts=20170531112153620&amp;transitiontype=default&amp;contextdata= ( sc.default ) ) , [ france ] ( http://www.ictsd.org/bridges-news/biores/news/european-court-fines-france-over-fishing ) , [ germany ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/volkswagen_act ) . 
  i 'm not going to go through ecj curia for more because honestly you 're wasting my time on your non-sense . 
   why are you still mentioning some russian or austrian policies i clearly stated that i am sure slovaks are in favor of one economic free trade area , but not one common political union which even does n't work properly and failing in making any comprehensive and productive decision . 
  because we 're never politically free . 
  when germany went around with the anti com-intern pact small countries said yes or paid the price . 
  when america goes around on the war on terror high horse small countries say yes or pay the price . 
  right now we 're having a vote on gay marriage and you know where the money for it is coming from : america and russia . 
  our security , our political policies are open to outside powers and always have , nothing is ever `` just an economic relationship . '', 
  the world simply is n't that nice . 
   we have never joined the political union our politicians joined it . 
  no , you do not get that out . 
  if you ca n't be an adult in a state and take responsability for your clustefuck , as bad as it is , you do n't deserve to complain here . 
  you can vote , the system is rigged and there 's a whole lot of post-communist non-sense but you can vote . 
  at this point , you 're just arguing you ca n't be trusted with your own country , let alone the whole union . 
   and please stop making things out because it fits you , i said the common eu is a good idea and it is in some ways beneficial to us but it should stayed only as an one economic free trade area . 
  and i 'm telling you that 's suicide . 
  that 's like a factory labourer saying that the union should stop arranging strikes and should stick to giving our training and health care . 
  it 's the equivalent of saying you 're ready to be exploited . 
  according to some of them , we already are . 
   wait are you implying that germany or france are financing slovak companies to make them more competitive ? 
  that 's the most stupidest thing i have ever read . 
  why would they do that ? 
  because it was part of the whole `` find a compromise that suits everyone '' part of the negotiations of the single market , espeically as the entrance of spain and portugal shifted the conversation to southern developing economies . 
  it 's all give and take . 
  the developed get their free market , the south get their cut of the profits and invest in businesses and infrastructure to counter that . 
  that business and infrastructure is then built using companies from developed countries . 
  and those companies then employ developing country laborers and contractors . 
  it 's give and take all the way down . 
  and i am utterly unsurprised at this point that you think it 's stupid . 
  it was n't the east that secured these concessions , because the east is clearly lacking in the sort of people able to get them , instead they whinge at the slightest touch or fall pray to false promises . 
   money received from the eu can hardly make slovakia more competitive the only thing which matters is one free economic area , where dutch investors buy slovakian land ? 
  where slovakian engineers have no problem selling their companies and moving to berlin ? 
  where we ca n't protect local products because the tariff barriers are down and automated german factories start taking over ? 
  do you want to be mexico ? 
  because that 's how you become mexico . 
   , money which are coming from the eu in a form of eu funds are diverted to personal pockets , propelling corruption and other economic crime . 
  slovak competitiveness is one of the lowest in the whole europe and the same goes to czechia , slovenia , hungary etc. . . yeah , i know the feels . 
  and that 's why romania in general has signed up to the eppo and is trying to sort itself out . 
  slovakia and czechia to their credit have as well . 
  because it 's due to our failures the money is being stolen and we need support in stopping it . 
  meanwhile poland and hungary are crying that their independence is being infringed since they ca n't spend the money to help political friends . 
  sovereignty in eastern europe is the freedom of national politicians to fuck the rest of us . 
  he is sounding thoroughly americanized . 
  as if the village next door stands as good a chance to become the next silicon valley as any , and the eu is all that is stopping his country from forging it 's own independent path standing to shoulder to shoulder with the likes of america and russia . 
  these useful idiots serve those powers well . 
  they are so convinced in their `` independence '' in never occurs to them that the entire world is stacked against them and their only possible role left in the wild is prey or pawn . 
  american 's would refer to them as `` temporarily embarrassed millionaires '' , but it 's on a country-wide scale . 
  and then our infant industries can die or get bought up , and our governments can enter a death spiral as the tax returns dry up in consequence and infrastructure modernization lapses . 
  the free market favours the blue banana , and the existing industrial complex there . 
  balances have to be made . 
  you 're not failing to disappoint here . 
  walonia has a voice in this union , and it 's not even a country . 
  rules are breached , taken to court , discussed and punishment given out . 
  not always as well as we want , but the system is there to be improved . 
  you 're an idiot if you think the time when we could choose if we wanted russian policies , austrian policies or german policies was some sort of golden age . 
  because that 's the alternative to this , not precious fucking freedom but continued slavery . 
  just like after the death of the intermarium . 
  in the end we all joined a political union . 
  and thank fuck it 's a political union . 
  if it actually was just an economic union like you want then germany can bully us all like it does in the eurogroup where there are no rules . 
  but in the eu proper it has to obey process , where everything is recorded , minuted , and distributed . 
  there are votes , and it can get outvoted . 
  there are laws , and it can breach them . 
  i do n't get where this idea that slovakia if not for the eu would be some mini-america waiting to happen , unfeathered by the strength of the countries surrounding it , or by the blackmail that happens behind closed doors , but by god if all the east has n't gone bloody stupid and self-infatuated in the last 10 years . 
  a demented bunch of petty countries which seem to think history has stopped for them , and decided to pick a fight with everyone else over a bunch of poor-ass migrant , that would hit too close to home considering the situation post-berlin wall if any actual self-reflection was used . 
  i 'll be honest , you 're embarrassing . 
  we joined thinking it was a neoliberal organization which was likely to turn us into a resource colony , as we were impoverished due to our industries being bought up . 
  but since the 20 years before that pretty much had that without the eu , and we already tied out carriages to america 's war on terror then we had nothing to loose . 
  ( not to mention that russia and german already gave us a sturdy lesson in what our sovereignty was worth beforehand . ), 
  that 's what we expected . 
  now we actually have something that resembles a functioning system where we can take germany to court if it does n't give us our rights and get a vote on the policies we are expected to follow instead of trying to suck off countries for trade/visa deals and to you this is not what you signed up for ? 
  you 're a bit spoiled in my opinion . 
  used to be that the netherlands were the most pro-european of the founding members . 
  but then 50 years of prosperity , freedom and uneventful independence happened , so now it seems they see the union as unnecessary . 
  the rest of us can only hope to get that indifferent . 
   i just hate that we are jumbled with hungary and poland these days :| .
