  it 's chaos . 
  in a sane system , corbyn would be the leader of the smaller , fringe far-left party . 
  the one that never gets enough votes , and never gets an actual message across . 
  but it does n't matter because they stay true to their vague principles and they do n't try to speak like an actual united party . 
  but westminster is not a sane system , and corbyn does n't have the guile or the aptitude to manage a party bigger than that . 
  i genuinely do n't think the eu ever planed to not vote in an extension . 
  it 's pretty prone to compromising . 
  but the uk media after brexit started turning the eu into the enemy that will agree to all concessions after `` prosecco and cars '' are mentioned , and germany will fuck the east 's rights to work over it , and the national leaders were put in a position where if they acted as they normally did , they would look weak and stupid . 
  thanks , but honestly there 's not much outside of rumour and gossip to be gotten about the goings on inside the westminster system unless someone is desperate to become blacklisted . 
  look at boris johnson 's career as an example , he is the tory bad boy who nobody wants but ca n't be gotten rid of . 
  did he get into the cabinet as minister without portfolio just to shut him up , or was it a genuine position ? 
  was him backing leave genuine or another stunt to get him the pm-ship ? 
  did he say `` i made a mistake '' to cameron after leave won ? 
  did gove actually `` betray him '' or was it an excuse for him to be bought out from the pm race with the foreign office position without loosing face ? 
  and bojo is one of the less subtle characters , there 's a whole lot that happens inside that rotten institution that requires a whole lot of salt and speculation to grasp onto . 
  [ part of the westminster rumour mill . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/11/15/nigel-farage-hints-he-may-seek-to-rejoin-the-tories-as-sources-s/ ) he 's been trying to leverage his victory and donald trump connection even since summer last year anyway he can . 
  he actually got a bit desperate for the lordship at the end , and actually threw a public hissy fit over it , as he 's coming up short . 
  edit : [ here ] ( https://blogs.spectator.co.uk/2017/03/nigel-farage-isnt-trying-smash-establishment-hes-aching-join/ ) a more indepth look into it from the spectator , a tory-centered magazine . 
   out of all the candidates he 's the only one who genuinely cares about his people and his country . 
  man could n't cut it as a commodities trader and did n't have the connections to cut it as a tory , and then he spent his time in office cheating european ( uk included ) taxpayers while rarely showing up . 
   now that it happened he 's not using the momentum for any hidden motivations or to gain more influence . 
  he has tried , in the following order , to : join may 's cabinet , become a us ambassador to the uk , gain a lordship , and get a job in fox news . 
  he ended up becoming a radio personality out of lack of options . 
   his job is complete and in his eyes he 's saved the uk . 
  you may not like his policies but surely you can somewhat respect him that 's if you assume that what he wanted . 
  considering since brexit , he 's now estranged from his wife , pretty much made redundant from his former job as an mep and jumped ship from the failing ukip , and kept out from what he sees as his `` dues '' for his good work , i think he never thought this would happen and now everyone is pushing him away . 
  they 're not . 
  they 're saying what they think they should be saying . 
  british media is pretty bloody guileless outside of pushing their bias . 
  if you look at the facts another election would mean the tories agreeing to give the country over to labour , which is suicide . 
  if nothing else the dup will agree to a `` confidence and supply '' alliance and let the tories get on with the negotiations which require no legislative vote , and when it will they can referendum it . 
  of course this is assuming that nothing happens to give them hope at turning the tide again . 
  you hit the nail on the head here . 
  rural life requires a lot more infrastructure investment than urban life due to population densities and dispersion . 
  elderly people require a lot more infrastructure and quicker response times for simply mobility and health care problems . 
  both together become an endless money pit and the lack of economic activity makes the problem ever so much worse . 
  that 's why we need to go beyond simply giving them money and projects and actually setting up a legal enviroment which actually sees atleast some partially self-sustaining communities survive and thrive . 
  this might mean actually setting up special zones , such as national parks or protected cultural areas in which new economic activity can develop . 
  it might even mean we start engaging in community triage . 
  where we actively start strategically helping people move from one community to another to avoid people getting stuck in townships undergoing an economic death spiral . 
  navel-gazing from the anglosphere . 
  i really do n't think this has much to do with us all . 
   fundamental concepts like infrastructure and the labour market need to be rethought so that future generations may see life in rural areas as desirable . 
  this should be said more and be said more . 
  with agricultural automation biting ever harder wen need to plan out a new strategy for rural life besides `` bring them internet and let them figure it out '' . 
  it 's admittedly economic inefficient to keep rural townships alive , and not all of them will manage . 
  but rural life is tied into the european identity strong enough that some concessions are necessary . 
  i say this knowing that more often than not rural voters vote against my political stance wherever i am . 
  `` pass the popcorn . '' ? 
  forget game of thrones , this tragi-comedy is the televised sensation of the year . 
  it 's best not to bother . 
  trust me . 
  they try to put you on the defensive , leverage insecurities . 
  it 's done to scots all the time , labeling them `` subsidy/oil-junkies '' when the conversation does n't go their way . 
  just wave the iselaffe away when it starts throwing shit . 
  i 've been to the uk and there 's nothing to be inferior about once you 're past the m25 , and especially when you hit the dieing towns of the north . 
  the emperor has no clothes , there 's no nickers under that fancy dress , and once you take the glasses off the entire city is n't emerald , to use all possible metaphors . 
   but any right movement that appears there will be homegrown . 
  homegrown , but not necessarily home supported . 
  the language barrier is an excellent barrier of entry against public opinion spoofing and alt-right propaganda , but it only makes things harder not impossible . 
  as we 've seen in france , organizations start lending out money and resources to people such as the reichsburger as well as create copy-cat media outlets such as breibarts attempts and then try to use those organizations as a mask for their larger institutions in their home countries as well as their ideas . 
  we 've seen this happen in romania with the coalitions for families gaining a lot of financial support from both america and russia to pay into politician 's pockets . 
  we really need to be more aware of foreign funding for political movements from outside the eu , no matter the direction of travel . 
  i 'm doing fine for myself , thank you . 
   can always trust the flair to cause some psyches consternation . 
  some just ca n't stand been talked down to by `` inferiors '' . 
   i 've got some bad news for you ... do n't . 
  let the poor dear be . 
  this must be hard for him . 
   you are obviously unfamiliar with the dup if you ever expect them to act rationally . 
  did i say that ? 
  i am perfectly aware of the group of tribalistic self-serving fossils they are . 
  also aware of how desperate they must be after their recent loss of a unionist majority in stormont . 
  this is the day to make investments in popcorn futures . 
  assuming the dup acts rationally , and does n't take this opportunity to point score if not just blow up in scandal or have its mps run their mouth of over their reprehensible set of beliefs . 
  not good for the tories . 
  they likely wanted some sort of policy conditions set in stone before hand so they can have a good idea of what they need to spin , and what they need to sabotage . 
  this saves them face from having dup ministers , but it leaves dup holding all the cards when the pressure builds . 
  they likely made the deal in confidence that the dup will act with them with good will and give them deniability around any deal made , but i do n't think they realize just how toxic that party is . 
  a `` die hard libertarian '' in europe would be an anarchist . 
  which is the same thing , but for the class of people who have n't amassed enough wealth to start making exceptions around policing and property rights , unlike in america . 
  that being said , europe has never really feared institutionalization . 
  in fact , we 've gained from institutionalizing inevitable developments were others , usually the anglosphere , let them naturally happen . 
  policing was considered a `` authoritarian state army '' by the country who had private security services acting as thugs for the rich , and now it 's the norm . 
  same with the civil code rather than common law , and a political system which embraces and manages parties than the political system who had them `` grow '' naturally , and in the case of america despite every attempt to stop it from happening . 
  if we need some sort of public fact checking service or security initiative , it would not be strange for us to talk about it in terms of how it can be embeded and kept in check by legal and democratic institutions . 
  it 's the grab of power without any added restrictions and supervision that we should fear . 
   the cries of censorship would ring less hollow if the same people shedding their crocodile tears were n't fans of `` safe spaces '' and monitoring and censoring media outlets like facebook when it comes to `` fake news '' by those dastardly foreigners to stop evil populism or whatever code word is hip . 
  right ... because they 're part and package right ? 
  pretty broad brush you 're using there . 
   where is the resentment coming from ? 
  what angers you ? 
  i 'm from romania . 
  my country was destroyed for 1000 years by boyeri , minor nobility , scheming and killing domestic rulers in favour of foreign tyrants . 
  and the rule of the nobility never stopped , it just changed shape with the times . 
  now it 's minor oligarch with media outlets , countryside mayors and party leadership . 
   and first of all , where the idea , that rich and powerful are any better nowadays comes from ? 
  they 're not , that 's the point . 
  but unlike 70 % of the world and after several revolutions we 've beaten them into a corner .
