  the outrage fest that the media and the left have taken on the rise of ukip and trump have helped them immensely , giving them a platform they did n't have before . 
  everyone , pick of [ foundations of geopolitics ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foundations_of_geopolitics ) because it seems it 's going to be our new rulebook for the next 4 years . 
  sorry ukraine . 
   wealth is totally relevant , wars are pretty much decided by money . 
  whoever has the deepest pockets and highest stacks of cash win the wars . 
  we 've got ourselves a carthaginian here . 
  listen to daddy rome , it 's all about the men , the material , and the management . 
  money well spent can get you all of these , but not for certain , and not over night . 
  small country in the middle of many empires . 
  who do we have to blame , geography ? 
  the west like to talk `` peace in our time '' but when they do they leave everyone else to the wolves , and are surprised when those wolves attack them when they 're finished . 
  west should wake up . 
  a lot of glitches on their website . 
  the one which completely replaced their health care plan truly mystifying . 
  he should spend more time making sure it 's working properly , people seem to need to remind his staff constantly about things going missing . 
   too much focus on oil for which they estimated it to reach over # 2 billion in tax revenue ( per year ) shortly before it dropped to less than # 100 million . 
  that was a surprise for everyone . 
  the general rule is that oil will go up by the end of the century by a lot , but the geopolitical circumstances around that was very unusual . 
  still , the bigger issue is that scotland should n't be an oil-junkey . 
  plenty of countries to better without , and it should move away from it if possible . 
  it should have not been a main platform . 
   they focused on sterling because they knew that building up currency reserves to start another currency would require more austerity than the tories ever implemented . 
  interestingly , they 've since admitted that ... `` more austerity than the tories ever implemented '' , grand how you worded it like that . 
  you could n't have just said , the budget would be tight for the first few years , you had to literally make up a completely new context . 
  i 've lived through the referendum , seen enough of that . 
  having to deal with a new budget and it 's implication in independence would have no been easy . 
  but the spin truly is demonic with every little nugget it gets . 
  still , there was discussion about that . 
  and the fact that the scottish pounds that are in play in scotland are actually backed by bank of england notes since 2009 . 
  every bit of scottish currency is perfectly valid without doing anything and pegged 1-1 from the start . 
  the truly interesting question , and where the foreign currency reserves come in is in case the scottish government needs to act like a lender of last resort without printing more money . 
  it would have been inevitable to see inflation , i admit , but only if we required significant new assets pushed into the economy . 
  and in many ways , you could say that the sterling is over-valued for scotland 's needs . 
  or was anyway . 
   yup . 
  they predicted huge growth in areas like renewables , but did n't really bother justifying where that would come from . 
  it 's a future growth market , how can i explain that except : hydrocarbons are limited , wind is not . 
  not rocket science . 
   nor did they explain how the industry would cope with losing the uk 's subsidies ( that we 've seen it 's hugely reliant on ) . 
  please expand on this . 
  i want to hear it all again for a bit of nostalgia . 
   did n't salmond say that was why he was planning to cut corp tax ? 
  i do n't think he had an answer for what to do if the uk followed suit mind . 
  the uk is n't exactly trying to compete with ireland is it ? 
  it 's hands are tied on this it seems . 
  but no , there were more in depth ideas surrounding certain strategic partnerships . 
  it 's not exactly high-road . 
  very ireland helping apple in some ways . 
  but the people i was talking to were intending to make the best run of it they could . 
  edit : damn , was trapped answering your questions and forgot to mention tax reform . 
  interesting stuff that , one of the ideas were finally implemented with the scottish property sale tax that osborne copied . 
  but there were ideas of increasing tax revenue through land value tax , which would as well free up workable land lowering development costs . 
  olaf is a bit of a clusterfuck . 
  a `` would n't it be nice if everyone was nice '' organization . 
  here 's the olaf chief explaining the issue as he asks for the eppo : http://www.euractiv.com/section/justice-home-affairs/news/olaf-chief-pleads-for-european-public-prosecutor/ here 's the thing , romania is one of the most die-hard for the eppo to happen . 
  that 's because the government in charge is technocratic and gone in 2 months and knows very well what will follow after it . 
  if the eppo is n't it place by the time psd comes into governance , you 'll start seeing a rapid pick up in cohesion fund absorbtion and a lot of people 's legal charges being dropped . 
  as a net contributor this is your money . 
  so listen to romania , romania know 's what is up . 
  thanks for the warning . 
  i guess , this can be considered good news since it means akp went throw stick in the process . 
  right ... right ? 
  well , we ca n't really punish someone we ca n't investigate , since you need evidence to do that . 
  do you see the problem : no independent investigative ability , no evidence of back malfeasance , nothing to punish . 
  and `` the eu already has instruments to fight the missuse of funds '' is word-for-word the excuse the dutch home affair minister used . 
  he represent a group of countries trying to stop it composed of : poland , hungary , and greece . 
  guess who is receiving a lot of cohesion money ? 
  guess where a lot of suspicion of misuse is ? 
  by comparison in romania and bulgaria there is a lack of cohesion funding being taken because the political class is too afraid to touch it otherwise the anti-corruption investigators backed by the eu cmv will catch them . 
  but the eu cmv only applies to them , and the people are afraid of it being removed out of fear they 'll turn into ... well , poland , hungary and greece . 
   i have no opinion to be honest since all i hear is bad stuff spun by the media . 
  you could always visit romania and have a look . 
  well not always , obviously , but in the near future . 
  yes , but they 're under the command of the national governments . 
  and some national governments , have a very liberal view of eu fund mismanagement . 
  an independent eu-wide prosecutor would mean thieves are less likely to be able to use their political connections for support . 
  the issue is that nato is very us dominated and , well , we ca n't really put more eggs in that basket . 
  well , we can but we should n't . 
  but yes , we need an institution that spends most of it 's time doing jackshit all day long . 
  that 's pretty much all the armed forces in peace time . 
  but we keep them because when we need them , we need them yesterday . 
  but i see i ca n't convince you how bad an idea to expect things to just `` pop up '' when needed is . 
  organization is in itself a technical field , after all . 
  well , you know , 2016 is still not over . 
  but yes , let 's pretend just this once . 
  finally we can see a little more peace and prosperity in europe . 
  sorry , romanian . 
  move around a bit to much so never know if it 's supposed to be origin country or living country . 
  they bloody well did , and it was annoying . 
  really conservative in a lot of ways . 
  too much focus on oil , too much focus on the sterling . 
  kept making what they saw as safe bets . 
  meanwhile some people , too few , were talking about creating investment platform for renewable , how to reinvest oil profits into a long terms industrial development strategy , the creation of a completely new currency to match scottish needs , how to attract companies from the south , possible hereditary citizenship to bank on yank romantic notions . 
  whole lot of interesting stuff to kick start the country . 
  there was even talk about how the snp will split once it 's job is done and it no longer could hold everyone together . 
  all that was completely sidelined . 
  and the media still called the resulting plans `` unrealistic '' . 
  meanwhile i 'm watching ireland gdp/capita hover above scotland even after oil is included . 
  good on them , they 've earned it . 
   why would you want to coordinate joint missions of a defensive alliance ( as claimed in this thread ) ?
