  you 'd have to , because that the only way `` invasions/war happening nearby eventually effect me '' is n't embedded in your dna . 
  edit : or you 're american , but i assumed since you had an opinion on the eu 's peace powers you would n't be . 
  just for my information , have you heard about the russian backed right-wing terrorists in hungary ? 
  it does for me . 
  end of the eu is the first step in a prolonged hungarian - romanian confrontation . 
  not to mention the powderkeg that is the west balkans . 
  you might live in , i do n't know , ireland or somewhere where you can pretend the eu does nothing for peace . 
  but honestly , i think you all spent so long under the umbrella you forgot what rain feels like . 
  i think everyone is getting very tired of it . 
  the response to denmark 's special europol office request did not go as smoothly as it would have in the past . 
   but as a general principle having the prosecutors named independently from the executive branch and maybe even from the legislative branch is a good thing . 
  that 's wishful thinking . 
  it 's best to make the prosecutor a bone that both the executive and legislative have to fight over . 
  romania does well whenever they get in each other 's way . 
  having just the legislative have power over it gives them monopoly , which is anathema to good governance . 
  having both be kept out removes the fight is just not happening . 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/prosecutor-russia-behind-attempted-montenegro-coup/ ), 
  not every opinion is valid . 
  not every answer is correct . 
  we just had someone become a perpetual dictator by popular vote . 
  how about we grow up out of this relativistic nihilism and say thr obvious : some people are simply wrong , and they occasionally get a majority . 
  why do we shy away from that ? 
  nice hasnt won the day so far . 
  the legislative is the bigger pit of snakes, 
  to be fair , it has less to do with scotland itself , and more with the fact that every other party besides the greens and snp have gone politically bankrupt there . 
   these are just a bunch of mostly transplanted europeans . 
  i ca n't say much about america , but new zealand has only about 65 % european population , and a significant maori/islander/asian population with multi-ethnic systems embedded in it 's `` constitution '' . 
  of the total new zealand population , 20 % were not born there originally . 
  it 's extremely community focused , open , and you can become a kiwi in less than a lifetime without people batting an eye if you put in a minimum amount of effort in getting involved with the people around you . 
  there 's nothing in the water or air , it 's in the people . 
  i do n't know what it has turned into since national took over though , but it was a lesson in how to handle assimilation and immersion . 
  europeans by comparison are not generally used to moving far away from childhood connections , and can be fairly stand-offish . 
  admittedly there is a north/south divide on this , but as a general rule you wo n't see as many community organized events or meetings , can be unhelpful when trying to learn a language ( problem in eastern europe ) , and overall do n't care for anyone they have n't known for some time . 
  that 's quite a contortion . 
  not all fascists are/were expansionistic . 
  franco being a good example . 
  and all of them focus on public order . 
  i think the parallels you 're looking between fascism and islamism is the same as the romanian antonescu government and the iron guard . 
  and that was division was between the realpolitik conservatives and the mystical reactionaries . 
  in the middle east this is exemplified by the opposition between arab dictators , which are similar to the antonescu government and focus on realpolitik stability and social conservatism . 
  and organization like the muslim brotherhood and isis which see social order as natural deriving from moral order , and are opposed to those governments despite having similar ideologies . 
  the turkish government is more similar to franco or the arab dictatorship , than to isis . 
  it 's actually a product of the same `` cultural conservation '' movement that has taken hold in russia , hungary and poland . 
  wrote a bit more on the coservative vs reactionary ( or realistic vs mystic ) divide [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/65jidc/leaders_of_europe_mustafa_kemal_atat%c3%bcrk_1881_1938/dgas3wg/ ) . 
   in your first sentence - what has n't been a point of contention ? 
  let me rephrase : people will always argue over immigration . 
  it will always be to high for many . 
  in the uk the highest level of pro-brexit vote and immigration fears come from places that have had the lowest level of immigration , but the highest level of percentage increase . 
  so , basically , if a new polish family moves somewhere in east anglia , that increases the number of immigrants by 100 % and people freak out about it . 
  while in london , where immigration is a fact of life , and lifeblood of the city , the new polish family moves in and no one bats an eye . 
  that 's the paradox of immigration , the less you have , the more each individual immigrant becomes an issue keeping the total level of worry even . 
  and this is n't getting into the other side , with pro-immigration businesses that need the staff to actually stay in business and provide economic wellbeing to the local community . 
   why should we develop a framework of integration when what we want first is less immigration in the first place ? 
  because immigration happens , and it 's never not been a point of contention . 
  living in romania before the eu , there were countless of both legal and illegal agencies offering work in europe because it was needed . 
  and we got treated like shit no matter where we went , as balkan europoor . 
  you need us to pick your fields , work your butcheries , even teach in your universities . 
  you complain when a factory moves to cluj , or when we move to hamburg instead , or when the factory closes down . 
  you complain when we 're there for work . 
  you complain when serbs and croats are fleeing a war . 
  you complain when the guest workers actually get their citizenship and now live there . 
  so how about you just admit you do n't live on an island in the middle of the pacific ? 
  because it 's never going to be enough . 
  and you know what ? 
  integration from a newcomers point of view is hard . 
  there is no fixed steps we can do to become a local . 
  we can never really call ourselves by our new home . 
  and you look at us struggling and then get angry when we feel and act like we do n't belong ? 
  how about meeting us half way here and put down some groundrules ? 
   i can understand why gypsies do n't integrate so i think they need to be treated as a special case . 
  they actually do , despite all the shit thrown at them . 
  but no one is willing to admit they are a gipsy once integrated , and they do n't look different so we never notice . 
  the one 's that do n't usually are too poor , and have to continue ties to their community or family because there simply is n't any alternative to going it alone . 
  education in gipsy communities being generally shit ,  but why do n't hungarians integrate ? 
  are they concentrated in small area ? 
  romanian is an ethno-identity , and hungarian is an ethno-indentity , and all our states have ethno-nationalistic roots . 
  admitedly there is the problem above that an integrated hungarian is unnoticeable . 
  but really , we 're setting them up for a conflict with either their families or everyone else from day one . 
  in short , we 're not america or new zealand . 
  if you want to integrated , you 're generally on your own and that sucks . 
  quoting randoms from the political fringe does not national policy make . 
  germany 's `` multiculturalism '' comes directly form the fact that the guest workers never went back and germans never expected them to become germans . 
  it was , much like today , a problem people preferred not to exist rather than solve . 
  if germany was hungary or poland , and did n't have the history it has it would have started trying deporting all of them , but it 's germany so unable to assimilate new germans , or throw out perceived foreigners , a theory of multiculturalism was formed . 
  we are stuck in the same problem today , and i would really like to hear a more well-thought out approach rather than blaming `` them '' for the results of a labour shortage or wanting foreigners to stop being in the country . 
  no , it is n't . 
  it 's in the middle of the complete dismemberment and rollback of the largest voluntary political restructuring in human history , because we do n't consider it a concern . 
  there is no reason to be optimistic that it will be otherwise . 
  it 's either that or depression . 
  i have n't won a referendum my entire life , and only two elections . 
  and in the past 20 years i have never seen a referendum anywhere else who 's results i approved of . 
  overall , i 've just accepted that whatever side i find myself of , is the default losing side . 
  it 's not about `` importing millions of foreigners '' is it ? 
  or changing demographic landscapes . 
  when i find work in germany , it is n't because i was `` imported '' . 
  neither is it when i find work outside the eu . 
  but pretty much people like you expect me to `` go back to where i came from '' at some point despite learning the language and paying my taxes . 
  there is simply a lack of framework for `` integration '' and assimilation , and instead of addressing that honestly , everyone seems to want to develop conspiracy theories around `` demographic manipulation '' . 
  it 's a useless red herring to hide intellectual incompetence .
