  no one has i think . 
  you just ca n't start getting active about global affairs without having a few things explode in your face at the best of times . 
  i 'm hoping we can lead europe into a more hands-off approach , by freeing ourselves of critical resource dependencies . 
  become a cultural and educational nexus for a world trying to find a bridge between traditional identities and the future . 
  we 're not a `` new experiment '' , like the states that feels somewhat alienating to those with deeper historical roots , we 're a very old experiment ongoing and that has potential to tap into the world in a way america ca n't . 
  trust me , fully aware of it . 
  even outside the context of a partnership , as a vehicle for shared goals it 's fairly lacking . 
  we 're reaching a historical situation similar to switzerland 's sonderbund war and american 's constitutional conventions , where it 's obvious that something needs to change to maintain world parity . 
  but the people most inclined to continue the status quo or roll it back are actually atlanticists who see america as a better guarantor of their own power and interests rather than the eu , and want to keep it that way . 
  so if you see me bashing the us , understands it 's partially out of trying to weaken a faction set on self-subservience and dependency on you all . 
  they can count rejections on a eu-wide , rather on a eu member wide basis . 
  you ca n't rules lawyer rules fully in their power to change . 
  free health , free education , free kindergarden , decent unions and mandatory vacation ? 
  these might not be universal in europe , but they 're still there and that sets us above a large part of the world . 
  my government did , and yes . 
  we have no illusion about how the world works . 
  when the big power says jump , we ask how high . 
  you want to pretend you 're a `` free , sovereign country who do n't need no guarantor '' be my guest . 
  it 's the reason i 'm opposed to atlanticists and pro-european . 
  i do n't want to have to live in the shadow of others anymore . 
  mate , it 's not `` progressive '' that 's the issue with poland . 
  it 's `` obeying the rule of law '' . 
  even belarus has elections . 
  but that does n't make them a democracy . 
   the worst part is all these questions can magically disappear if i become a ` registered traveller ' for # 70 a year . 
  you 've got to be kidding me . 
  and i thought the uk gov was taking the piss when they were threatening me with their imaginary tv detection vans . 
  that 's just ryanair levels of shady . 
  as an eu citizen who does pass through the uk once in a while , i get the full shebang each time . 
  with added passport starring to make sure . 
  especially after a morning flight , it 's hard not to get snippy to some of the veiled questioning . 
  so it 's never pleasant . 
  no , although it was right after the cologne new year debacle , so it might have been a post-facto security theater . 
  i 'll be honest , i was worried . 
  as a romanian i 'm never quite sure where i stand regarding freedom of movement , and i felt like i was being interrogated at risk of detention . 
  it 's painful especially if you have even the slightest knowledge of mid-20th century monetary policy . 
  monetarists are whingy , cyclical bastards for who playing with the printing press is the only trick they know , and will talk about it endlessly . 
  the fact that neither the french or british monetary policies that did that succeeded , while german and swiss stability policies dominate the continent should tell them something , if they actually bothered reading a book . 
  it 's not the bureaucrats that are the problem . 
  the political force of the eu is the council . 
  if the eu falters on the international stage , it 's national leaders that let it happen . 
  at least until they admit they ca n't micromanage foreign policy in a room of 27 . 
  if you come from another schengen airport ? 
  i 've had that happen to my once , in frankfurt , with police monitoring the exit from the airplane . 
  it was a surreal experience , i though there was a terrorist attack or something . 
  they do what harold wilson did in the uk and print themselves into poverty , sorry , i mean competitiveness . 
  we actually joined the iraq war for visa-preference . 
  it 's been 14 years since then , and the result is that the eu has to get involved now to actually drive that through . 
  seriously , why do people suck up to foreign powers they do n't elect so easily , and are so critical of something they 're actually represented in . 
  ireland is outside of schengen , because the uk is outside of schengen , and a bilateral travel agreement was seen as taking precedence at the time . 
  so travelling between schengen and ireland/uk is different than travelling within schengen . 
   would introduce a `` buy european act '' to limit public contracts to companies with at least half their operations in europe . 
  i love the interplay of french strategic protectionism and german cautious ordoliberalism . 
  they work so well together . 
  i do n't know about how this sits in france , but i do n't care if a french company gets an it contract in romania , or a romanian company gets a road contract in france , as long as we stand together and do n't race each other to the neoliberal bottom . 
  eu law is almost always `` minimum requirement . '', 
  i 'm willing to bet good money that the eu issued a 100k euro minimum , and someone in your government choose to use this as an excuse to lower norwegian deposit insurance while blaming the eu . 
  it 's an old play . 
   i can now find solace in the fact that my rights are equally bad to that of a ~ ~ hungarian ~ ~ poor person , thanks ~ ~ eu ~ ~ government !, 
  there , fixed that for you . 
  welcome to the 21st century btw , old noble landholder . 
  edit : missed a word . 
  only by majority . 
  which turns the whole thing into a mad situation. , unless the state has turned into a one-party state . 
  it 's an extra hurdle . 
  liberal democracies are n't full indestructible , they 're just difficult to break . 
  oh , i 'm sorry , i thought you were talking about parliamentary immunity being strange . 
  at least we have n't gone full retard like the american sovereign citizens movement . 
  although i think it 's oh so comparable . 
  it 's not if you consider the larger european historical perspective . 
  representatives are afforded freedom from prosecution , unless removed by parliamentary vote , to not permit police states forming and imprisoning politicians they do n't like . 
  some , no one wants to act like they push people around . 
  but a lot of things never reach the qmv stage . 
  you know the problem , everyone has a pet projects , nobody wants to adopt somebody else 's . 
  this was the case for frontex and the common asylum system , where people sort of agreed that something should be done ... eventually . 
   giving authority to eu over greece has been a disaster . 
  that , is not what happened . 
  please get what is actually happening right . 
  we ca n't talk if we disagree on reality . 
   during negotiations over a third bailout package for greece earlier this month , sch\u00e4uble cast doubt on the commission 's authority to take decisions and negotiate directly with athens . 
  ** he offered reminders that it is eurozone member states , as represented by their finance ministers in the eurogroup , who are greece 's actual creditors rather than the commission . 
  ** link : http://www.politico.eu/article/schauble-european-commission-power-eurogroup-juncker-dijsselbloem-grexit/, 
  we 'd actually need to integrate further to become switzerland . 
  switzerland actually has a common foreign policy and armed forces . 
  we 're still more like pre-civil war switzerland at this point . 
  this . 
  hopefully the movie comes out soon . 
  also , would n't mind seeing a stalker series at all , surprised there is n't one yet . 
  grime , guerilla warfare , inexplicable events , and factional politics , that 's practically an hbo show waiting to happen . 
  as i mentioned somewhere else , it 's very likely it will be done by parallel treaties or enhanced cooperation procedures . 
  treaty change was never the hurdle people made it out to be , the roadblock was always the desire to get everyone on board . 
  you 're likely right . 
  he did strike me more of running a secretariat , than taking up a leadership position . 
  but i appreciate tusk better , despite being ideologically opposed . 
  the institution simply ca n't work if you let 27-28 people sort themselves out , someone needs to take initiative . 
  and because of the national rivalries , that has to be the president . 
  i do n't know what you mean by freshly bathed . 
  but honestly , it 's less of a pain in the ass than just paper , it 's faster , and you can use it to clean the toilet when you 're done . 
  the most disgusting thing i 've ever seen was the habit of throwing toilet paper in the garbage in the mediterranean . 
  after that mind-opening experience , i 've come to appreciate different ways of doing things .
