  whats to stop them from sending germans over to hungary in order to stop what they perceive to be the wrong way of running hungary . 
  to begin with , we 're not placing sanction on poland and hungary for `` reveling in their sovereignty '' . 
  both have serious rule of law breaches as well as going against a vote . 
  and the end of those sanctions will be they get kicked out . 
  not invaded , just told to fuck off . 
  although i 'm a romanian and if my government decided to completely castrate the constitutional court or disobey the anti-corruption rules in place i 'd actually pray for an invasion rather than being kicked out to be honest . 
  secondly , check bloody history . 
  countries do n't need reasons to invade other countries normally , they just need strength . 
  hungary was already invaded by russia for no legal reason whatsoever and no one did a damn thing . 
  now look at crimea and iraq and see how nothing at all has changed . 
  in the eu there are laws , you ca n't mount an illegal invasion without getting the ire of the entire union . 
  the eu has no territory in itself , it has no real political center , it needs the states and the states do n't like the eu having power outside the rule of law . 
  the eu is a qualitative change from the previous empires . 
  we 're not all vassals to a central authority that can use us and do whatever it wants . 
  the eu is all of us and works on our collective decisions and resources , in rules we ourselves make . 
  it has nothing for itself that we do not give it . 
  edit : also , the `` sanctions '' involve not being given eu money . 
  that is not even a fine , that 's simply not being a charity for nutcases , and not even remotely comparable to an invasion . 
  i approve of the principle . 
  but i 'd go so far as add the whole of turkey , georgia and armenia , as well as smolensk , karelia and greenland . 
  also europa , the moon . 
  it 's only fair , it has our name on it . 
  hah , cheers , missed that . 
  hard to tell with the support given to the afghanistan and iraq invasions . 
  but fair enough , you want to stay neutral . 
  but we do n't get that option , invaders do n't care how neutral you think you are . 
  and i do n't like my countries safety being decided in berlin or washington , at least in brussels we have a voice . 
  and you can have one too if you want it . 
  did you suddenly get to vote for the president of the us ? 
  because i did n't . 
  the current one did n't even get a majority of the popular vote . 
  the eu actually gives us a vote and a voice . 
  we can actually outvote germany in the eu , while in nato the general is always american and his second in command is almost always british . 
  how is that more democratic ? 
  you either get an eu army or a german army who 's integrated half of everyone else 's army and has de-facto hegemony . 
  do you want a vote in this project , or do you want our entire foreign policy be decided in the bundestag like it was once decided in washington and moscow ? 
  unanimity is still enforced in several areas outside the treaties as well as in foreign policy . 
  for example the eppo was blocked and had to go through enhanced cooperation , greece blocked a humanitarian appeal to china , and walonia through the belgium federal system blocked ceta . 
  the asylum quota managed to get through on qmv because it used an already existing line in the treaties article 78 ( 3 ) . 
  it 's basically `` nihil novi '' . 
  anything not already covered in the treaties needs unanimity to be implemented . 
  i think those forces are small and cheap enough to be able to be duplicated . 
  so we can have an italian force and a european force complementing each other , allowing for more local knowledge to be kept while having something to act in more politically difficult situations such as international piracy . 
  keep the clegisms to yourselves . 
  you could have vetoed it , but thankfully we can now move away from the american umbrella as well as the russian gas hegemony and make our own path . 
  i think having both is more reasonable . 
  a eu army handling really big stuff that requires all of us to contribute , such as carriers , satellite surveillance and air transport , and every nation having their own army and better suited for their local conditions . 
  an airforce quota might have to be implemented so that each nation technically has their own , while operating under a norad-like command with predictable force numbers . 
  add in draft and conscription being powers given only to states and not the eu , and i think a political balance can be struck between federal high-tech and national conventional forces . 
  the smaller countries are so used to being non-consenting victims of geo-politics that they often miss that french interests and their own align , it 's only that they never had the option the french have . 
  now that we 're all in the eu , once we bring something to the table we will find surprising alliances over interventions not the headbutting that most imagine . 
  it just takes time for these smaller countries to learn their new influence in the union . 
  edit : correction, 
  coming from one of the countries who refused to become part of the intermarium so they can enjoy their new found independence , only to then spend 50 years under russian hegemony : there is a sweet spot here , and we just need to find it . 
  or as if the government has dodged trying to actually put forth a firm position at what it really wants or tries to achieve through this , leaving the actually reasoning behind the move lost in a nebulous cacophonous mass of people each of which thinks he is speaking for the larger whole , making arguments who have mayfly lives before someone says the exact opposite . 
  and it is . 
  do n't even think the uneven spacing is an issue . 
  it seems more like pedantry based on a forced overworked interpretation of the current french flag design than actual issue with the design itself . 
  my initial reaction to it was : `` at least the 3rd empire will now have a spiffy flag to go with it . '', 
  do n't listen to him . 
  pretty much every good design will remind of some sort of corporation simply because they pay a lot of money for good design . 
  a few hundred years ago they 'd say `` the design looks to much like a navy emblem '' which they did simply because navy emblems all used the simplest most distinct representation of the national emblem they could . 
  you 'd have to completely miss the mark design wise to get something that does n't get one such critic . 
  for example , the flag of maryland would never be compared to a corporate logo , or anything good for that matter . 
  the problem with using the term `` country '' is that different people interpret it differently . 
  those thinking `` swiss federation '' do n't quite understand that the same as people thinking `` german federation '' , `` united states of america '' or on the extreme end `` french-like centralization '' . 
  one day it 's about immigrants , another it 's about making trade deals with whoever you want , and then another day it 's about the so called `` united states of europe '' . 
  can never quite get the same answer twice here . 
  i think it tries too hard to use the modern concept of `` europe '' and try to apply to previous historical eras with different geo-political identities . 
  it also tries to hard to create a sense of continuous transition . 
  i 'd argue that while we need to root european identity into the cultural ground of the ancient greek world by virtue of operating on their writings , that was temporary broken during the middle ages not continued . 
  the abrahamic world view that dominated despised the old pagans . 
  and instead of the civic societies of the greek and roman world we developed government and legal structures based on the tribal warrior societies based on the various tribes that overtook europe ( germanic , slavic , turkic , ugric and so on ) . 
  this development went hand in hand with similar situation in north africa with the religious expansion based on arabic tribes . 
  for a millenium we were dominated by a tribalistic jerusalem-centered political enviroment , where any writing outside the abrahamic holy books was considered superfluous and irrelevant . 
  the renaissance which re-started the greco-roman path of development and eventually lead to the enlightenment started the breaking of what is now modern europe away from the abrahamic political sphere and the crumbling of the group identity of christendom . 
  so this leaves us with two `` europes '' in a way , a europe based on the greco-roman cultural heritage and a world based upon the abrahamic cultural heritage . 
  thank for endangering the economic and political stability of the continent because of an inability to play well with others ? 
  for all the talk of handling the banter before , the tendency seems to be a persistent confusion that a lack of fawning and cooing is tantamount to hostile vitriol . 
   personally , i would have preferred to see the eu collapse so that we could build something less corrupt and more democratic in its place . 
  i really do n't know where these ideas are coming from . 
  do you really think that if the eu collapses france and germany will ever care for sharing power again ? 
  do you really think anyone will ever allow us to develop such a thing ? 
  we collapse , and we 'll be cut up like birthday cake . 
  warning you now : the eu falls and there will never be anything like it again . 
  the combination of several continental powers falling on their ass and drawing together was near damn unique . 
  the subsequent institutional memory surrounding the eurosclerosis period and the treaty system prolongued and painful . 
  any future `` union '' will either by a warsaw pact like hegemony or a loose alliance waiting for something to kill it like the achaean league . 
  we 've escaped complete continental domination 3 times already with napoleonic france , nazi germany , and soviet russia all coming damn close to finalizing it , we 're going to be very lucky if the next empire does n't win . 
  this is do or die . 
  there 's no restart button to give any creation a clean slate . 
  we 're playing on ironman . 
  i 've really come to respect the germans on this sub because of it . 
  they do actually get the most shit out of everyone here , but hardly make a fuss , especially in comparison . 
  i mean , this might be my naivete talking but the caretaker government could n't possibly pass legislation during this period . 
  can it ? 
  have you seen eurovision ? 
  we 're pretty fucking gay . 
  and considering the amount of free birth control , we 're pretty fucking straight as well . 
  we 're pretty fucking all sorts of pretty in general , really .
