  tempting ... 
  i 'm afraid you guys are doomed to being called oil/subsidy junkies from now until doomsday . 
  it was a bit of a given , it takes no effort to let scotland rot on the vine just like after the war , and ensures that everyone eats their cereal and keeps humble . 
  you guys are always welcome on the continent ... although the funny money is n't . 
   i mean he ca n't be all stupid with his background , so he should realize when he 's being an fool . 
  education is no cure for being a fool . 
  bojo might be able to quote latin , but so can a trained parrot . 
   so the most undemocratic thing is most likely lack of debate in the parliament - which is kind of ok - because eu is not a country do yourself a favour and pay more attention to the parliament . 
  there is no lack of debate . 
  hell , if you payed attention in 2012 you 'd have noticed parliament issueing a boycot on all laws because of the schengen rewrite . 
  here : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-18444255, 
  technically it 's the commission that proposes legislation . 
  while the council has a large say what sort of legislation gets proposed , it does n't have the power to actually start a piece of legislation . 
  the parliament could do the same , but it simply does n't have the political capital to do so . 
  people listen to merkel and other leaders , not to the parliament , so they get to set the rythm . 
  would n't have made a damn bit of difference . 
  not only because you could fool people with a message on the side of a bus , but the work for brexit was done over many years , to the point that you had to start your sentence with `` the eu is shit but ... '' as a remain supporter . 
  there is no pro-eu side in the uk now , there is only hard europhobes and reluctant remainers . 
  this would n't have fixed it . 
  i know for a fact no such statement was made or will be made for atleast another 3 months . 
  `` could happen '' is not `` has happened '' . 
  and this separates fiction from journalism . 
  i was n't gon na , but now i feel you might be dissapointed if you were n't . 
  just doing my bit . 
  seriously though , it might be a really good time to borrow . 
  economy in the eurozone is going up , banks are looking for new investments because of the ecb policy , price of commodities is low . 
  if you can borrow and invest , now is the time . 
  the author is n't from eastern europe . 
  hit me the moment i saw moldova not being part of russia , and was confirmed the more i looked . 
  we all have experience of the `` russian defender '' , under two different shapes.the territorial expansions would not be allowed and quite a few countries would cease to exist . 
  i am impressed by the mental acrobatics that required . 
  you 've just lowered the threshold of truth to where no proof is needed as long as a fact is `` believable '' and not critical to your livelihood . 
  an astounding feat . 
  some people might accuse you of shilling . 
  i wo n't , i take you for the truly emblematic individual that you are . 
  bannon , murdoch and their kin would be nowhere without you . 
  found the smoking gun : https://twitter.com/eucourtpress/status/849196136313352192 it must have reminded a times reporter that he had some non-sense to write about the asylum crisis , while people still cared enough to eat it up uncritically . 
  quality skeptical mind there mate . 
  no , it 's not common for journalists to make unsourced statements . 
  as a matter of professional standards , even when they do make up lies they try to pass it off to an anonymous source . 
  apparently that 's a bit too posh for the times these days , who considered their audience and realized that they do n't need that extra bit of cover . 
  of course you * could be * a mass murderer . 
  if you were , it would be something people should know about and consider . 
  maybe the times can make an article about that next time and you could defend that as well . 
  level of quality control has truly gone down the shitter . 
  [ we called it . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/63dxwo/take_in_migrants_or_leave_eu_tells_hungary_and/dftiwi7/?utm_content=permalink&amp;utm_medium=front&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=europe ) times makes an unsourced statement , usual suspects pick up statement linking to the times . 
  alternative facts created . 
  edit : just checked , and breibart announced it linking to the times as well . 
  the `` free thinkers '' are behaving as expected . 
  totalitarian regimes could only hope for this level of willful control . 
   `` let us all unite !, 
  let us fight for a new world , a decent world that will give men a chance to work , that will give youth a future and old age a security . 
  by the promise of these things , brutes have risen to power . 
  but they lie !, 
  they do not fulfil that promise . 
  they never will !, 
  dictators free themselves but they enslave the people . '', 
  this actually makes me sad . 
  an incredibly relevant statement to what is happening right now , and we 're growing less able to recognize the truth of it by the day . 
  price fixing is not socialism . 
  capitalism does not imply low taxes . 
  and we 've been running state-run companies for decades and it 's why airbus and arianespace are still alive and giving boeing and spacex a run for their money , and why norway 's statoil has help it maintain a world-envied operation while it 's investment system has prevented it becoming a northern saudi arabia . 
  if you 're going to talk about european economies , learn to talk like a european . 
  socialism and capitalism go into the bin , and ordoliberalism , liberalism , interventionism , dirigism , and social democracy are the terms in use . 
  and if we say yes , more fool us . 
  the french were right the first two times . 
   i surely hope the future eu budgets will significantly reduce the ammount of those funds in regard to all countries though . 
  i 'm sure it will after hungary and poland have shown how they 're used . 
  romania will certainly never get the amount of financial support that either of them have received . 
  to me , this is not a good thing . 
   i wish we had a good border protection system where illegal migrants can be stopped , denied entry , and returned where they came from , and making sure it does so quickly , but we do n't . 
  we 're in agreement . 
   we can send border guards to help secure greece their borders against influx of illegal migrants , we already helped hungary that way back when they had problem with mass illegal crossing of their southern border . 
  but you did n't . 
  the greek minister actually came out and said they received `` not even a blanket '' from hungary or poland , and we 've been short on volunteered staff through frontex for years . 
  member states simply do n't donate support voluntarily . 
  and it 's not just greece that folded because of it , macedonia and serbia gave up as well. , no one cared . 
  if hungary was n't in the eu they would have done the same . 
  i know it 's unpopular , but we need to either have common borders and permenant border staff to help countries like greece , which requires money no one wants to give . 
  or we need to force countries to give the support needed . 
  i do n't agree at all with how disorganized we are right now , i do n't like the lack of detention of people being processed for asylum , but even so we need more than cries and tantrums . 
  we need an actual system proposed . 
  you really need to believe that this is some exceptional thing that requires some emotional outburst from me , or else i 'm a bad person . 
  we 've had political assassinations and beating happening for years there , did you care about those ? 
  how about the rampant and violent homophobia , which might be seeing the unofficial killing * of people in chechnya ? 
  ( * edit : continued unofficial killing , it never really stopped did it . ), 
  you 're putting this one event on a pedestal in the middle of so much suffering and expect me to feel the same ? 
  i 'm numb , i 've been numb since the last chechen war . 
  the horror of the situation never normalized for me until i can start singling out events to feel sorry about . 
  you can go off on your rant about me justifying killings . 
  but how about you actually pay attention for the next 10 years and see how long you can hold on for . 
  the horror will continue , the killings will continue , the beating will continue , the silencing will continue , and if you 're unlucky like me , you 're going to be afraid for your own life every once in a while as it threatens to spill outside their borders . 
  but i doubt you 'd understand , you 're rather keen to just live in the now with this sole tragedy and judge everyone by it . 
  it 's only worth noticing when it 's a muslim bombing i guess , when it 's regular old domestic crapsack repression and violence you 're going to look the other way again . 
  you could have gotten all of that by joining the eea and not receiving the cohesion funds . 
  but you did n't , you joined the eu in full . 
  now i wish we actually had a unitary system where asylum seekers can be kept , tracked and then returned when the conflict is over , and making sure it does so quickly , but we do n't . 
  partially because instead of focusing on getting that done we have people like you whinging about fantasist `` cultural replacement '' bollocks . 
  how about you dump the reactionary cliche 's and try to support a system where greece does n't get fucked , poland does n't have people running around without tracking , and syria stops spewing out refugee waves in which economic migrants can hide in .
