  with little to say in favour of mini-jobs , workfare and coal subsidies , other than `` they might do for now , and just for now '' . 
  but , as someone with a fascination for industrial history , i know what planned economic activity centred on maximum employment has done . 
  it creates a society of has and has nots , where your time is burned in desperate attempts at making do , rather than in making better . 
  and that is all that `` maximum employment '' ideology can do , waste your time , waste your talent , even waste resources on promoting cheap labour to the detriment of innovation and automation . 
  it 's a number 's game with no plan and no future . 
  who could it possibly be ? 
  i guess we 'll never know . 
  that 's partially the responsibility of a political party , to get influence and power . 
  hell , if you want an example , take breibart as a succesful media outlet . 
  a less succesful one is wings-over-scotland . 
  their point is to give their base a resource center from which to get arguments , events , and reference their points . 
  and seriously , high turnout is not any panacea to anything . 
  it was a disheartening realization , but most people do n't care about much of anything . 
  stick to getting that 50.1 % and do your job well , and no one will thank you . 
  no one ever got a medal from preventing a disaster from ever happening , or for making sure busses run on time , or hospital beds are n't full . 
  edit : btw , that last fact is what i suspect broke orban from his 1990 self to who we know today . 
  after seeing what the mszp got away with , and what they could have if they kept silent , it 's not hard to see why he governs like he does . 
  he 's also paying everyone currently protesting in romania . 
  i 'm actually shilling for him right now , but my check is still in the mail . 
  edit : sorry , you might have a point , citation needed of course . 
  but this is becoming ridiculous . 
  pretty much . 
  the issue will be what happens if orban finally leaves or dies . 
  if he 's replaced by the opposition , they 'll find themselves in the middle of a house of cards , many of which will fall simply out of party loyalty to fidesz , and others which were propped up by hard work and lies . 
  it 's a very bad time to be a hungarian , in many ways . 
  the issue is that orban has n't actually done a horrible job . 
  he 's given 50.1 % of the country exactly what they want , with little turbulence . 
  the fact that it could be better does n't matter . 
  and since the media is now tame , he does n't have to fear a mszp moment of him being shown to have no clothes . 
  hungary is back to being the happiest barrack . 
  excuse me , while i put by grumbling cynical idiot hat . 
  if you `` spread awareness '' through protests and fliers , like they do in the west , you become background noise . 
  people stop paying attention to you , and you even start to get the `` perpetually dissatisfied '' crowd that are there at every protests , watering down the debate with dribble . 
  you need a cohesive system of spreading a message and giving out information , and that 's a public relations battle , not a series of `` look at me '' moments . 
  also , the `` maximum turnout '' people are equally confused . 
  you want the maximum turnout for people you 've managed to engage , for your supporters . 
  not for everyone . 
  you try to get maximum turnout for everyone , and you get people who 's only knowledge of politics is based on a 10 minute conversation with their friend or daughter beforehand . 
  great if you have a simple message , or a shiny face , bad for everyone else . 
  we ca n't be like the west , where the progressives and left have genuinely lost track of what they are doing and for who . 
  even in hungary , the two-tailed dog party is simply dissatisfaction and noise to no consequence , a placebo . 
  we need to engage with society on realistic terms . 
  as someone who 's been involved in western politics , `` spread awareness '' is the most pointless of phrases . 
  donate , work , elect , govern . 
  anything else is empty talk . 
  unfortunately , it was a case of the government thinking it had nato backing and hoping a quick strike on the connecting tunnel would give them an edge . 
  could have worked , if they succeeded . 
  just because people are on your side does n't make all their actions smart . 
  personally , i 'm of the opinion that lack of support for ukraine and georgia is forcing a state of fear and risk-taking behaviour , as well as increasing support for hardliners who prefer unilateral action . 
  because just because bad decisions are made , does n't mean i ca n't see what part we play in their development . 
  i wonder if any of the writers of the sanu memorandum are still alive . 
  are they proud of their work ? 
  three things i have no doubt about : - one way or another , sooner or latter , russia was going to attack - georgia did attack first , because russians amassing is a scary concept to face , let alone waiting for the sword of damocles to fall . 
  - the west fucked up . 
  too little , too late , to uncoordinated , and in the end meaningless . 
  this is turning into georgia part 2 . 
  i think you 'll find you 're picking the wrong side in the sonderbund war . 
   it would n't , since swiss consider themselves swiss . 
  not italian , not french , not eu'ian , but swiss . 
  are you sure about that ? 
   because i actually asked . 
  no , they apparently do n't , not internally . 
  like all identities , you 're only ever fully aware of one , when it 's contrasted against another . 
  all swiss are swiss only to non-swiss . 
   direct democracy would never yield people representation and power , nor balanced functions . 
  switzerland is n't a pure direct democracy . 
  it 's a federal government , with a broad party council , strong cantonal responsibilities , a managed referendum protocol , and citizenship linked to martial responsabilities , as well as community approval . 
  it 's in other words , a clever little system . 
  no pure direct democracy will ever work , for the same reason that flapping around two wings do n't make a plane . 
  it ignores all reason , in preference of a story-book understanding of the world . 
  government and society are built , not created out of whole cloth by some strange force . 
   this will soon come to romania as well . 
  all our pesky protesting will be crushed sooner or later . 
  the media is already working on it . 
  if only they had the miners back , but they betrayed them , as they betrayed everyone . 
  i actually do n't disagree with you . 
  i just disagree that our general unemployment numbers should look like the us . 
  i 've become disappointed with them , their sister momentum movement in the uk , and their brand of leftism in general . 
  they are often reactionary , identitarian , prone to infighting , embrace fossilized marxist ideology , and have no stomach for foreign policy . 
  it 's been disheartening . 
  depends , on interpretation and implementation . 
  a full employment state is equally unsustainable under automation and steady population growth . 
  unless you start re-introducing personal servants as a luxury items , simply to maintain the subtle class system that underpins consumerist economies . 
  there are other solutions , but as both communist eastern europe and mid-20th century british politicians learned , full employment is a bogus target . 
  of course not like switzerland , that might invalidate your narrative . 
  and not like canada either . 
  or india . 
  government and the citizenry are intrinsically linked in a polity . 
  as long as right and responsibility , and representation and power , are properly balanced then society functions . 
  this is not due to identity but organization . 
  like switzerland ? 
  democracies are meant to resolve the dispute of non-homogenous peoples by establishing a single institutional polity . 
  which is how it was born in athens by kleisthenes to calm the strife of the attic tribes . 
  edit : the narrative of a `` common people '' or the reinvented term `` demos '' is anti-enlightenment reactionary thought to re-introduce identitarian and secterian politics in society by creating the perception of intrinsic and unresolvable differences , that largely disappeared in the late 20th century , after the last time they were beaten back . 
  the alaskan dollar and the dakotan dollar . 
  to go with the australian dollar , new zealand dollar , canadian dollar , bermudan dollar , bahamian dollar , jamaican dollar , east carribean dollar , singaporian dollar , so and so forth because imagination is dead . 
  i actually do n't know if that statement has a grain of truth . 
  the us not exactly a welfare state , and their biggest investment are national projects that show up in gdp counts . 
  poverty in the us can actually be pretty damn crippling , and i 'm just not sure that things `` balance out '' . 
  not to say i think we 're doing enough in places like greece .
