  the technology and organization of the present simply has n't kept up with it 's ambitions . 
  considering this , it can be argued that there is sufficient space of at least a higher second-rank hegemony if not a full one-rank hegemony in the world without causing balance-of-power conflicts , and in fact might increase stability by stabilizing blind-spots . 
  i suspect this realization is what putin is actually banking on , through his attempt to defrost relations with the us . 
  do we benefit by not attempting a ii-rank hegemony ** by embracing us hegemony in full , we put all our eggs in one basket . 
  meaning that if we like it or not , we have to back the us as a world power no matter what shape it takes . 
  if the us ever removes it 's local sphere of influence or is disabled for whatever reason , it leaves us backing whichever hegemon is closest . 
  this means we are never in control or have a choice , we merely serve to amplify whichever sphere of influence we fall in out of fear of conflict . 
  this might put us in awkward positions as the us or someone else shapes the region to it 's benefit , everyone being coerced or bribed to help it to maintain a semblance of order . 
  an argument can be made for the creation of a `` plan b '' structure . 
  ** iii . 
  ( relating to `` everyone is winning '' ) faction prosperity replacing country prosperity ** we 've been seeing in russia , turkey , hungary and poland the rise of real or potential one-party states . 
  this changes the calculus of prosperity since it means that it 's the prosperity and control of the leadership that will start matter , not of the country as a whole . 
  i will be called out on this , but i suspect we 'll start seeing `` beautiful enemy '' international relations start growing in europe , as external threats are leveraged to increase control , while wealth is funneled through party hierarchies . 
  this means that we 'll start seeing `` edge of conflict '' situations and politics arise slowly , similar to what we see in some middle-eastern and south-east asian countries . 
  this is perfectly in line with the hegemon 's peace as long as it never spirals out of control , which is a risky bet . 
  by maintaining the situation of `` divided europe '' this possible future will continue to be a realistic possibility . 
  i do n't disagree that there is something to be said about the `` hegemonic stability theory '' . 
  it 's far more realistic assumption than the `` end of history '' non-sense . 
  but if that is the case we are resting our peace and prosperity on a distant , unelected power , who 's interests are n't inherently linked to our well being . 
  this taken over a period of a century or two is a very scary state of affairs to be in . 
  and we 've seen several destabilizing events as a result of unilateral decision of the hegemon . 
  if we are to adhere to a hegemonic theory of european peace then , the most stable setup would be the creation of a representative , domestic hegemonic power . 
  since really we 'd be trading in one inferior setup for a superior setup , both being better than pre-ww2 `` balance of power '' peace theory which suffered repeated failures . 
  the uk has repeatedly accepted the cut-throat nature of negotiations , both with scotland and with the `` holding eu citizens hostage '' line . 
  if you ca n't handle the heat , then you should n't have stepped into the kitchen . 
  the world does n't owe the uk any favors , and the eu must preserve the privileges of the club not dole them out like candy to anyone that throws a tantrum . 
  this is your chance to `` take back control '' . 
  do n't blame us if you 're not up to the job . 
   scotland said if we do n't get the currency then we 'll default . 
  i believe the government was determined to `` make a success of it '' . 
  i though you 'd empathize . 
  especially since all it asked was to have a seat on the bank of england , and for it to be shared . 
  much like y' all want the single market . 
   remind me again , has the eu said brits will be able to remain in the eu ? 
  wonder why not ... are you trying to draw an equivalence between saying nothing at all and calling people bargaining chips ? 
  [ i 'm actually sorry that someone is actually proposing we do just that , considering that horrid attitude . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/brexit-eu-citizenship-freedom-of-movement-passport-how-to-keep-parliament-live-move-abroad-a7405196.html ), 
  after ? 
  weird timeline , i 'm pretty sure it was all part of the `` no pre-negotiations '' and `` scotland gets nothing '' portion of the better together campaign putting it in a corner in regards to its leverage . 
  admittedly , it did n't have the balls to step up it 's game and call people `` bargaining chips '' . 
  having heard the attitude the uk government took about negotiations with scotland i do n't see why it 's so unreasonable for them . 
  they told scotland that during negotiations the ruk government had no duty to favour scotland in anyway , and there was no reason to continue any relationship with scotland to maintain a situation similar to the status quo if it did n't want to , such as shared currency , free trade and lack of borders . 
  why is us saying the same thing to them contentious ? 
  those people went through the second war in 30 years , and were looking towards a protracted nuclear face-off with the soviet union , after centuries of fending off the surrounding empires while building their own . 
  almost everyone today has lived through a very localized period of peace and now think that they 've achieved `` the end of history '' and they can go back to doing their own thing and not worrying . 
  i do n't think they are the ones that are wrong . 
  i think we are the ones who are sheltered . 
  so a second house which is both unelected , and useless . 
  to complement a first house that is unrepresentive and useless ? 
  with a government that whips it into obedience and leads on 36 % of the vote ? 
   also good job if you need to use the house of lord to justify the european parliament . 
  every single democracy using electoral districts is my justification . 
  the house of lords is simply your shame . 
   it was nothing but an undemocratic power grab . 
  the directly elected house of legislature using it 's legal powers to select the executive is `` undemocratic power grab . '', 
  fancy that . 
  and what is the salisbury convention do you think ? 
  or is that sort of `` undemocratic power grab '' perfectly alright in the uk . 
  it 's not like y' all seem to shy away from a lack of democracy in general . 
  we do n't live in a union that bullies small states . 
  democracy is not majoritarianism . 
  if you ca n't handle that , then almost every second chamber in the world is anti-democratic . 
  which is rich coming from a country who 's second chamber is not even elected . 
  sovereignty beating democracy , lovely . 
  well , i 'm glad the remain side lost as well . 
  hope to hear from may soon . 
   undermining eu treaties by extending the power of the eu parliament vs the council . 
  you 're complaining about this ? 
  everything that happened was perfectly legal and increased democratic control of the commission . 
  you 'd have to be a die-hard europhobe to try to rules-lawyer this as a bad thing . 
  i do n't like the man , he was n't the best candidate for the job , and he 's on the wrong party lines for me . 
  but some people in this comment section are foaming at the mouth for almost no damn reason . 
  quitting over brexit ? 
  undermining treaties ? 
  so very little of that makes sense . 
  this move has won over a tiny amount of respect by showing that he might have a spine , something barosso the council pick never did , well , until goldman sach payed him . 
  that 's like calling cameron a eurocrat for being deeply involved in council meetings . 
  or the uk ambasador a eurocrat because he has to represent the government in different european negotiations . 
  the word was insulting enough as it was , but now it 's being used against politicians with positions in the uk system . 
  how can that be anything else but a form of mental dissonance where anyone who disagrees with you becomes a `` eurocrat '' by virtue of having been involved at some point with the eu . 
  we are getting closer and closer to the edge of data mining abuses , and mass data leaks and this is merkel 's new stance ? 
  to create another powder-keg she can look quick and decisive on 5 years down the road when it blows up ? 
  we really do n't know if it is or is n't . 
  the uk keeps that sort of information under wraps , does n't it ? 
  it 's someone from the house of lords saying it , so i do n't see why it would fuel further resentment towards the eu . 
  house of lords is a uk institution , of individuals considered constitutionally empowered to judge on uk policy . 
  unless , of course , they truly are `` bloody stupid '' . 
  this says it all really : `` i think these comments revealed the contempt that some ** eurocrats like lord kerr ** have for ordinary british people . '', 
  peter lilley , a eurosceptic tory mp ,, 
   yup it 's complicated is n't it . 
  do you want to associate it with the true original , byzantium , the refounding that made it a historic city and capital of empires , nova roma , the subsequent centuries of being a base for the eastern roman empire when it attracted names like honey attracts flies , the centuries after the ottoman conquest when the name of constantinople was widely used , or the modern kermalist renaming to istanbul ? 
  only one is valid , and the rest are historical anachronisms which are used seriously way too often for anyone 's comfort . 
  you know , that 's a good point . 
  unfortunately the awe is owned by a consortium composed of jacobs engineering group , lockheed martin uk and serco , where serco is the only uk based company and it 's speciality seems to be facility management and support not technology . 
  so the statement that the uk is completely dependent on us technology seems to hold water . 
  yup , and i really wish i could slap most progressive/left folk , sit them down , and start a thorough education of the totalitarian movements of the 20th century , so they can have more than a one word vocabulary when it comes to pointing out erosion of civil rights . 
  unfortunately the mainstream left has completely lost it , and after having become more counter-culture apolitical and seduced by a `` civil right movement '' perspective of social movement , they 've been left completely unprepared for `` real world '' situation . 
  i 've even just seen one of the co-founders of the occupy movement who admitted that they 've lost the plot on political involvement . 
  some badly-needed 18th century revolutionary `` liberty , equality , fraternity '' education is needed , because the current twiteeristas and `` like-based '' political involvement is damn shameful to watch . 
   british nuclear warheads are manufactured and maintained here .
