  for all the jobs created , it 's still giving a rich company money simply for being big . 
  if this sort of thing is made legal in the eu , it 's not ireland that will benefit , it will be big countries like france and germany that can afford to give sweeter sweetheart deals . 
   ( for example , +500 pln monthly social help for 2nd child and every next one ) ceausescu level shit . 
  a good government improves schools and pays teacher more . 
  this is just bribery , with predictable outcomes . 
  just looks at romania 's orphans after the revolution . 
  i agree , the ball was dropped . 
  intervention should have happened a lot sooner . 
  but why argue that as a reason to keep letting the situation deteriorate ? 
  to argue that now we have to ignore every single government that wants to turn their country into the party 's personal fiefdom is short sighted . 
  what if the po wins again , and learns from pis and does even worse ? 
  do we ignore the situation then as well ? 
  do we let every ruling party in poland do as they want with the law , because we failed before ? 
   what eurofederalists want is to build their own sphere of influence , they are really no different . 
  oppose the first time when the smaller countries have a vote in what happens in the sphere of influence ? 
  where they have a seat at the table ? 
  where relations are governed by law instead of simple might ? 
  you really want to return where hegemons like the americans and russians ran countries by telephone ? 
   the reason why you see so much negativity against poland is because they dared to elect a government that the eu does not approve of . 
  it has nothing to do with me opposing authoritarian rule without law or independent supervision , ca n't be . 
  and then return to the spheres of influence game , right ? 
  where we pick which empire we serve and have an armed tussle every few years so everyone is clear who 's boss ? 
  oh , let me guess ? 
  that 's not going to happen because the world is now a magical place where realpolitik is gone and we all are enlightened creatures of pure wisdom ? 
   i killed eight years ago someone and i did not get punished for this . 
  but they want me to punish for the second murder i committed now ? 
  why not ? 
  failure in the past , does not mean that we should keep failing every time . 
  and if we have to start actually living up to our principles it 's best to start now . 
  i can agree that the po are thieves , the same way pis are thieves . 
  but that means that no , poland is not strong in democracy . 
  if every government elected acts is if they are kings of the country and above the law , something is rotten and needs to be fixed . 
   also this video is not what it seems . 
  check the year  you 're right , did not notice this . 
  it seems polish democracy is truly something else . 
  the intergovernmentalists have won in the eu . 
  it can not enforce anything , it can only warn just like the council of europe created before it , or the league of nations before that , or the concert of europe before that . 
  poland has been left to it 's own devices . 
  i 'm sorry , i hope things get better , or atleast that they do n't get worse . 
  gun permissiveness without conscription is a recipe for disaster . 
  people who wield a gun need to live up to a higher standard than an average civilian . 
  can i ask ? 
  do you think there is anything wrong with asking for being allowed to carry a gun to be tied to something like current or even previous military service ? 
  does seeing it as a `` fundamental human right '' need throwing away expecting owners to live up to a higher standard of behavior and work in relation to society ? 
  i really do n't get this childish mentality . 
  all i want to see is that the `` gun culture '' be maintained and supervised by the state if it exists . 
  with regular training of the population if all the population are legally allowed to carry weapons . 
  it works in switzerland , and it works in israel . 
  they seem to think guns are toys they can go and play around with , and scream and shout if they 're expected to do more than pass a knowledge test to get them . 
  if people were that concerned about such situations then they would restore conscription and offer proper training and discipline , as well as a modicum of experience in dealing with the sort of stress . 
  the myth of the gun is that it can compensate for the inexperience of the person behind it . 
  but it 's just that , a myth . 
  a tool in the hands of an amateur is more dangerous than no tool at all . 
  a person does n't automatically become a soldier no matter how much target practice he had . 
  we should be realistic about this . 
  you 're giving clear-cut scenarios . 
  and that 's fine . 
  but you 're never too wrong in assuming confusion and incompetence in any situation . 
  and for every clear-cut scenario , there 's 10 where either the situation is n't clear or the person assessing it is n't thinking clearly , like when under a ton of stress . 
  this is why armies tend to prefer to move away from conscripts . 
  not everyone is capable of good judgement when trained , let alone when simply tested that they 're not obviously bad . 
  touche . 
  they 're still largely using proxies , funding guerrilla forces , sponsoring allied governments , avoiding direct confrontation . 
  it 's not going to go warm until we see either 's troops on the others soil . 
   a terorrist is likely to have an accent or to not speak czech at all , from most terrorist attack footage you 'll see they are more than glad to give themselves away by yelling god is great in arabic , also they wo n't look similar to a czech unless we 're talking chechnyans . 
   or my car , or a knife , but you do n't say that owning one of them is a sign of weakness do you ? 
  when someone turns an argument to be about personal weakness vs strength , you know you 've hit rock bottom . 
  look at my damn posts . 
  i 'm not a round peg for you to find a neat little hole for . 
  i 'm not a strawman for your two-bit , half-assed one liners . 
  there 's a time and a place for guns , certain types of them , and use and access should be restricted to those limits . 
  having `` a right '' to a gun , to possess as a individual , is not my idea of a good time and a place . 
  people go insane , make mistakes , or get desperate , and when there is n't an institution in place that observes them as gun-carrying individuals that leads to a society waiting for a surprise . 
  i 'm actually inclined to disagree . 
  a country that is in the process or in danger of being besieged benefits from armed citizens , as was the case in classical civilization . 
  as does a country who 's population , for whatever reason , rely heavily on guns to survive day to day . 
  but we are not those sort of countries . 
  we 're the richest , safest , most sheltered countries in the world and this is just asking for trouble . 
  not really . 
  the big breach in the roman republic was the normalization of violence and the slow undoing of the rule of law . 
  that lead to exception after exception , and use of force after use of force , each new act pushing the envelope of the acceptable . 
  of course the optimae were fucking the rest of rome over land-rights , so the pot was bound to boil over . 
  but i think they were the ones who eventually threw the first stone and turned day-to-day government corruption to rule of might . 
   if you 're attacked/harassed by some man , you do n't really have an effective way to protect yourself . 
  having gun - truly effective protection - will make you feel much more secure . 
  what happens if the attacker has a gun as well ? 
  who do you think has the initiative in that scenario ? 
  the problem with the scenario is that it happened at all . 
  when it happens , the victim is always on the loosing side . 
  mate , me picking sides on this is all in your head . 
  saudi arabia and iran are in the middle of a cold war and all hell is breaking loose . 
   in this case , armed citizens would be allowed to use their guns against the terrorists . 
  or anybody someone wishes to make the case was a terrorist . 
  or people who the government designates as terrorists . 
  vigilante justice is n't a good term at the best of times . 
  government sponsored vigilante justice , so much less so . 
  and a government supporting civilians putting themselves and other 's in harms way ... has the czech government decided it has given up running and securing the country and is now hoping to outsource ? 
  i support hobbyist use . 
  and i support legislation centered around hobbyist use . 
  that means hunting clubs and shooting ranges holding the weapons , as institutional instruments not personal toys .
