  you need more government advertisement in your lives , and pieces of paper to fill out . 
  do n't ruin this . 
  keep quiet , smile and nod and in a decade we 'll have pub banter gold . 
  i wonder what you 'll do when we install the one-way fax machine in number 10 . 
  i see bojo is singing its praises too . 
  i suspect brexit is going to get the homeopathic treatment in the end . 
  the countries which have to obey eu law and choose to have no say in it ? 
  i 'd love to see may arguing for it . 
  the victory of the reactionaries . 
  autocratic pseudo-democracies , ethno-national politics , religious/traditional revivalism leading to fundamentalism , political balkanization , revanchist territorial disputes , international grandstading . 
  the return of medieval europe . 
  i see europe as having once been part of a grander mediterranean cultural zone determined by religious and dynastic interests , that slowly separated as humanist secularization and universalism completely re-wrote the rules of society as centuries of conflict slowly saw the old powers crumble against each other . 
  from revolutionary france to kermalist turkey , we 've been pushing them back . 
  this is an achievement that can always be rolled back as people seek to return to the past . 
  pessimism is called for . 
  the first step of getting yourself out of a hole , is recognizing you are in one . 
  and i highly doubt we 're going to see much progress . 
  italy , spain and the uk are as internally divided as they were a hundred years ago . 
  there is no manifest destiny to give yourself to here , the forces who put in the most work win . 
  and the reactionaries have been on the warpath for over a decade . 
  unless a european active humanism becomes a dominant force among progressives willing to express the same modernization ethics that saw us all leave behind feudalism and superstition , unless we approach eu politics with the same critical focus we give to our own , unless we all spend every day going out into the world determined to write a new page in human history , a continental belle epoque , we will lose and history will repeat again . 
  there simply are no guarantees . 
  fair enough . 
   i guess the wall of text was overdoing it . 
  although , as side note , with the uk leaving the new vote redistribution is making smaller countries more valuable . 
  we 'll see if that means romanian & poland strong , or a push for a multi-speed europe . 
  you 're right . 
  either the eu becomes a foreign policy actor , or people start expecting their national leaders to take a more global perspective , and the former is the easier in practice . 
  but you will never get anyone to accept that . 
  countries that have for centuries been part of someone 's else 's block willingly or unwillingly can not see the eu as anything else but another hegemony ( with no territory or army funnily enough ) but because of that history are equally incapable of seeing themselves as part of a larger system of international affairs . 
  as much as it pains me to say , the union was likely better off when france , germany , italy and spain were the bulk of membership because they could balance both mentalities as international victors and losers in equal measure . 
  the addition of the nordics and eastern block brought in the political naive and isolationist elements that were only mentally prepared to be either ignored or played , not make decisions . 
  to be somewhat cynical , traditional reactionaries are likely to win . 
  the progressive forces have no sense of practicality . 
  they lack both the cut-throat attitude to set out a plan , as well as a vision to strive for . 
  they 've become reflexive as they respond to every new crisis with attempts at moralist showmanship . 
  their main political heads have as a consequence strayed into increasing demagogue attitudes of the reactionaries to try to maintain a semblance of popularity . 
  this is very similar to the american `` flower generation '' attitudes of the 70 's , they think they 'll win because they 're right and ended up giving way to ronald reagen and yuppie culture . 
  we 're likely to see a prolonged `` crawl through the darkness '' as progressive political forces re-educate themselves in the politics of power and order . 
  if we can pull it off before we loose political plurality altogether is up in the air , but the next decade or so is going to be a very hard road . 
  i ca n't deny that it 's right . 
  we 're reliant on outside actors to follow . 
  an example is the sanctions or russia . 
  despite the eu making up the largest economic weight of the strength of those sanctions , if the us did n't start them , or ceased supporting them , they would n't exist . 
  we 're a crab-bucket union , we want to follow someone but not a european . 
  and the post-modern diplomacy approach is our main ideological approach . 
  and as you can see in hungary and poland , it 's as big a failure inside the union as outside . 
  the self-labeled `` right '' is correct that we 've developed a nihilistic/relativistic understanding of world affairs . 
  we lack both the strength of conviction as well as the practical knowledge to make a significant dent both inside and outside the union . 
  to further peace in the region , and stop the ring of fire europe as a whole must re-learn a sense of european-es and interventionism . 
  the shape of that , between ethno-centric reactionaries and enlightment humanists is yet to be determined , but is likely to never be settled as we slowly fall apart into an extension of the middle east . 
  for everyone . 
  no country is stand out , it 's a universal trait among europeans . 
  our foreign policies have atrophied , and the eu has paradoxically created a euro-bubble where people do n't pay attention at anything else outside of it . 
  foreign policy in small eu countries is almost exclusively focused on brussels and nothing else , countries like hungary or romania could n't care less about syria or ukraine except through what brussels does . 
  we do n't have the sort of people capable of realpolitik , the talent is gone . 
  we do n't have any clue about what to do with the surrounding area besides throw money at it . 
  saudi and iranian diplomats exit meetings either amused or confused at our humanitarian rhetoric , missing the cold war realpolitik that 's been happening . 
  we 've grown painfully naive , and inward looking . 
  with great power comes great responsability . 
  unfortunatly , we have several generations raised on the `` safety in irrelevance '' mentality of the 90 's and 80 's . 
  we did n't matter on the international stage so we 've developed a sense of either benign exceptionalism , or `` small-state mentality '' isolationism . 
  we 're simply not emotionally or intellectually ready for accepting the new world order . 
  well , the way i see it , the very size of the eu makes any decision made by it ripple outward , as countries who wish to deal with the eu re-organize themselves to better suit its market and foreign policy . 
  this was true for romania before we joined , and is now true for countries like switzerland who are finding that the best way to solve a conflict with the eu is to make sure you never enter into one . 
  this is very similar to how countries treat the far more aggressive us , making sure no argument arises by coming to the `` right '' action before it 's even asked . 
  this means that just by being a large integrated block , we 've developed a two-tier european system . 
  the voting block , which makes decisions , and the non-voting block which takes decision as a matter of life . 
  even out of the eu , you 're bound to the eu . 
  this was even more prevalent before maidan showed our inability to ensure physical security , crimea showed our foreign incompetence , and greece showed our disunity , and might be so again if we get our structures back in harmony . 
  so , over the next few decades we will see people refer to europe and mean the primary polity that sets the tone for the rest . 
  while non-voting countries might hate it , the eu and us by extension have no choice but to accept it . 
  because the alternative is being too weak to matter ( nyulan 's `` fuck the eu '' comment ) . 
  edit : in contract , there is the eurasian union who 's developing as a russian block , and an atlanticist faction centered around the us that 's been the norm during the cold war but now is weakening . 
  this continent will have it 's direction set in either moscow , washington or brussels and that 's the reality of the power balances at play . 
  `` the eu is not europe '' gets very unfortunate connotations in that context . 
  i like how he launched the questionnaire and the ceu attack on the same time . 
  likely so he can confuse criticism between the two , as part of the same wider conspiracy . 
  whoever is in charge of the propaganda department knows how to organize a 3-ring circus . 
  there 's a new center of gravity forming , similar to usa 's position in north america . 
  and poland and romania are currently part of it . 
  even if we shy away from it , there 's a soft zone of influence being created around eu policy in trade , security and if we 're successful enough culture . 
  as has been the case for centuries the meaning of `` europe '' will change to reflect that . 
  we are at the dawn of the europe and eurasia dichotomy . 
   i think there 's a perception here in england that a lot of scots blame us for all the rough , and praise holyrood ( the snp more specifically ) for all the smooth . 
  i 'd have you know that is n't the case , and you can always watch the first minister question session on youtube to prove it . 
  and where it almost is , it 's not england that gets blamed . 
  north england is treated the same way as scotland , as is most of the country but they do n't have a regional voice . 
  it 's the westminster/whitehall system that gets the flak , and then claim that an attack on them is an attack on the whole of the uk/england . 
   for peace ? 
  pretty sure the british sorted that out . 
  twice . 
  how does it feel like ridding the american 's coat tails ? 
  i think considering the amount of work that goes into legal documents , as well as the tendency to partisanship and national interest having the commission handle legislative initiative is actually modern rather than strange . 
  in most states the executive has defacto legislative initiative anyway . 
  and in countries where this is not true , the amount of bad bills and corporate fluff that comes through makes the whole thing dubious . 
  why stop anywhere ? 
  we should drill underneath the europan ice and send down the copenhagen criteria as our rosseta stone for whatever evolved down there . 
  or , maybe , i have access to the ecj 's [ twitter feed ] ( https://twitter.com/eucourtpress/status/849196136313352192 ) and a rough understanding of the times involved between a hearing and a verdict . 
  extend into the old bounds of the roman empire ?
