  most of our neighbours share this to some degree , with transylvania being historcally inhabited by `` hungarianized latin-heritage people '' , one of the most powerful families in hungary , the hunyadi family , was originally of vlach stock by all accounts . 
  so , in short , it 's complicated . 
  beautifully complicated to a degree . 
  and our force-feed `` romanians have been on these lands forever '' misses that we 've been here forever because romanians have encompassed all the peoples that ever lived on the territory no matter their original language , heritage , or religion . 
  edit : btw , do n't really agree with his point on successor state either . 
  it 's holding on to the losses of dead men . 
  let 's just make the best of things that we can now . 
  the future is too much work , to get stuck arguing about the past . 
  please , do n't bring the damn history into this . 
  it 's unclear to begin with , the people during those times would be alien to you , and it does n't matter . 
  so stop . 
  things are as they are , no need to justify using crypto-mythology and missplaced ideas of ethnic inheritance . 
  just try to make the best of it . 
  it can poll itself to kingdom come . 
  does n't make 90 % of the posting there any less trite . 
  i 've got no reason to visit / r/uk either , but there 's only a handful of subs on this site which has been given full `` favorable to right-wing opinions '' status . 
  by that standard , / r/uk is n't the stand-out , it 's the norm . 
  / r/europe does n't allow linking to the daily mail and the express , that alone pisses some off over how `` hive-mindish '' we are . 
  yeah , that `` broad range of views '' . 
  that 's a nicer way of saying `` you do n't need facts to be here '' . 
  it 's a sub where people talk from their gut , and take things on the chin . 
  that 's the best i can say of the place . 
  want a punters view of romania ? 
  post the fake kidnapping story and see 20 `` yeah , it 's a shithole ai n't it , no doubt about it . '', 
  want a punters view of the snp ? 
  `` scots are getting tired of them , all they do is blame the english . '', 
  farage ? 
  `` stand up , get things done lad '' . 
  it 's the only place on reddit , and maybe the internet , where people have a serious conversation about ireland maybe rejoining the uk , and if only home rule was given sooner all would have been forgiven . 
  it 's like the demographic cross-section which the top 5 rags in uk pander to . 
  it 's the bloke who knows what he knows because he knows it . 
  it 's tired old pintsman wisdom , mixed in with witticisms and bitterness . 
  so of course leavers and the right wing find it a comforting place compared to / r/uk . 
  please , you 're laying it on pretty thick . 
  i 've visited / r/ukpolitics , it 's the reddit equivalent of `` man down at the pub '' and it 's petty as hell . 
  the constant pot-shots at / r/uk , / r/scotland , and yes even / r/europe being the tip of a `` get with the program '' mentality . 
  you can call it `` open to debate '' . 
  but the same way a news channel hosting a climate change denier or a anti-vaccine supporter is `` unbiased '' . 
  it 's a repository of fringe views , due to an uncritical readership . 
  do n't mention / r/uk . 
  the / r/ukpolitics posters will throw a fit . 
  seriously man , chill . 
  we 've got our own `` great mythological history '' bugbears that we ca n't get over , no reason to piss in someone else 's pot . 
  wording matters , people pick it carefully . 
  and tusk worded it to target a specific section of people . 
  bbc misquoting and then using that as the title turns a targeted jibe into a bigoted insulted . 
  this is why journalism has been hit by alt-facts and fake-news . 
  this sort of tolerance for unprofessionalism . 
  i do n't think you realize that this sub has had british posters talking about `` anti-british '' sentiment for years and will likely continue talking about it whatever is said . 
  this was back when the `` what do you know about the uk '' threads were filled with saccharine praise . 
  you 'll be apologizing now , tomorrow , next year and next decade . 
   andrew neil and jeremy paxman would have destroyed him . 
  do n't know about jeremy paxman , but andrew neil would have likely refused to do this interview since he wears his agenda on his sleeve . 
  there is no getting off mr. kaczy\u0144ski 's wild ride . 
  honestly , do you guys not get a soviet vibe of this government at all ? 
  byzantium loving nuts are now a thing , and ca n't mention turkey without jingoistic clamoring ( retake constantinople , remove kebab , so on and so forth ) . 
  honestly , less of a joke , more of another low effort meme . 
  we need better spending of the current funds , not more funds that are equally badly spent , if not worse . 
  we have an unsustainable defensive policy , the same way we had an unsustainable border policy in 2015 . 
  already seeing people referencing `` clash of civilizations '' . 
  it 's like a massive conspiracy from reactionary fundamentalists worldwide , except they do n't need to talk because they just need to egg each other on to make it a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  the west , especially the conservatives , are easily enamored with strong leadership . 
  they had the same opinion of putin and now many have the same opinion of orban . 
  and the west is also useless as seeing long-term trends . 
  liberals cheered when erdogan went after the `` deep state '' generals that were threatening them . 
  and kept quiet during gazi park . 
  overall , all of this is a sign of how weak our realpolitik skills have gotten , no matter your ideological side . 
  have it , someone might as well benefit from this shit show . 
  us says jump . 
  member states grumble and snarl , as the try to see do so . 
  out of their own free will , of course . 
  so sovereign , so stronk . 
  all of this because in 2011 the epp governments pushed to not have hungary 's new epp government processed under article 7 . 
  the conservative politicians in europe are masters of boomerang problems . 
  a direct results of the 1975 conservative campaign that tried it 's best to portray it as that , despite the treaty of rome stating a more political approach . 
  so the tories were mad that the eu did n't live down to their propaganda , and blamed them for it . 
   scotland has been part ( an important part , do n't get me wrong ) of a top 10 world economy and would forfeit this with leaving . 
  it 's a lot different when a lifeline is taken away . 
  you might call it a lifeline , but i 'm honestly not sure . 
  while the continent was reminded how much the uk was growing economically in the last few years , it 's clear from the brexit debates as well as years of austerity that people have n't felt it . 
  the economic well-being of the uk is under-constant question internally , especially in the areas outside the south-west . 
  and scotland has had a declining population from ww1 until the last decade , and the formed second-city in the empire has been turned into the poorest and shortest lived city in the uk . 
  same happened to dundee , and what used to be the scottish computing industry . 
  as oil becomes a less important feature in scotland , it has to look forward to a precedent of de-industrialization exemplefied by the english north , or the `` northern powerhouse '' as it 's apparently now called without a trace of a smirk . 
  so maybe this entire `` dependence '' argument is based rather on a rather simplified viewpoint unfamiliar with the situation outside a very localized area of the uk . 
  the larger uk seems to be suffering missmanagement and low-growth . 
  and the `` fiscal redistribution '' argument is actually attempts to argue for maintaining the large military , diplomatic , and bureaucratic expenditure being a world power requires by painting the poorer areas as partially responsible for maintaining it despite needing help . 
   i 'm also not saying scotland could n't do it in x amount of years but people here are thinking the eu is just going to take them right away . 
  i 'm trying to temper expectations , is all . 
  have you considered that it might be the opposite ? 
  that the media is portraying scotland as doing worse off instantly , and everyone here is trying to temper that expectation by arguing development over the years ? 
  because it seems that the long term prospect of scotland , are usually drowned out in preference of talking about immediate scare . 
  that 's disappointing to say the least . 
  but not surprising . 
  france ushered the era of eurosclerosis with degauls little stunt , easy to see it doing so again . 
  especially with someone with those credentials . 
  i 've accepted that we have at least one more decade or two of this `` return to national control '' fad , so i wish that whoever wins the election at least puts france in a better place alongside it 's german partner . 
  it 's a very safe position to take is n't it ? 
  especially if you do n't actually put any ideas behind it , and just wave the word `` reform '' around , allows you to appeal to more people . 
  i admit , i do n't trust macron as much as i 'd like too .
