  and the agreement with the revenue commissioners that allowed apple to allocate profits between an irish branch and a headquarters all within one company was central to the commission 's adverse finding . 
  it found that this was artificial and conferred a selective benefit to apple -- in other words it gave it a particular advantage not available to others . 
   tax experts believe that had apple used a traditional double irish structure -- moving money between companies rather than within them -- it would probably have avoided the negative finding , which getting similat tax benefits . 
  the full details of the commission 's ruling may tell us more here . 
  the double irish btw , the alternative tax structure that apple could have used that would have prevented the commission decision , is being phased out by 2020 . 
  bloody love julia reda . 
  perhaps the only mep who 's digital stance can be called modern . 
  it 's an absolute shame how much work is being done by the fossils to prevent their national distributors from competing with each other . 
  if this continues , then american distributors will have an immense advantage in the future as they abandoned the old regional blocking in preference for world-wide accessible content . 
  european productions are sure to lose out as a result . 
   that 's not true though . 
  yes it is claimed that apple had a special tax deal ( something that is refuted and is being appealed ) . 
  that is perfectly true . 
  and the appeal will falter and fail because of it . 
  the irish government needed to do it , and i commend them for it , because not appealing it would a self-defeating attitude to take even if guilty . 
  the court system is there for them to use , win or lose . 
  there 's no shame in trying , although like i said they do n't stand a snowball 's chance in hell of winning . 
   but separate to that france especially is trying to push for minimum tax rates etc. 
  as it will benefit their economy . 
  like you said , separate to that . 
  everybody agrees that the current inter-eu tax regimes are not fit for purpose , but no one quite knows how to fix them , that is just one proposal . 
  i think the issue around this is that it opens up a whole can of worms regarding inter-eu supply chains that would be a pain to try untangle and hurt everyone in some way . 
  otherwise it would be a far more contentious issue . 
  we need to rethink how we tax corporate operations from the ground up to deal with that . 
  the country is a grand place honestly , and fairly corporate friendly , so can hardly see why you 'd need to offer special carrots to apple to begin with . 
  get the money , use it to update the water system , get rid of domestic water charges , then maybe scupper dublin height limits to boot , give companies bigger office buildings to occupy . 
  everybody wins . 
  already an issue . 
  freedom of movement has been active for a while so people are free to move and work , schengen only deals with border and customs barriers . 
  these annoy casual travelers somewhat because of the delays , industrial suppliers more because it ads a variable into the timing of deliveries , and agricultural suppliers a lot because of the fragility of the product . 
  since we have a large agricultural sector , we 'd benefit a lot from shorter wait times at the border . 
  european meta-nationalism . 
   like family , tribe , and clan . 
  each enclosed in another . 
   a big one is already on the cards , and that 's the question of france and germany imposing tax regeims in ireland , possibly to the detriment of the irish economy if giant multinational companies relocate to france and germany is ireland 's major draw is shot down by france and germany . 
  that has nothing to do with imposing a tax regime and everything to do with not allowing special deals for individual companies . 
  if ireland offered the same deal to everyone , apple or not , there would be no legal case . 
  this relates to competition rules that ireland not only agreed to , but also benefits from , since it prevents france or germany outright paying companies to relocate to them . 
  please stop distorting the truth . 
  the eu competition rules also deal with state aid . 
  and a discriminatory tax policy counts as state aid . 
  you 're trying to be pendantic by taking the words out of context . 
  but in the context of eu history and law , the major hurdle of anti-competitive practices have been national discriminatory policies , in many forms , and that has become the purview of the eu competition law . 
   why are we ( or , the article at least ) pretending these things are zero sum ? 
  because we 've yet to affirm a cultural paradigm that pleases both the conservatives and progressives . 
  it 's the constant battle of humanist and traditionalists values , or secularism vs christianity , depending on how you see it . 
  it also does n't help that the `` multiculturalism '' narrative is n't very well thought out . 
  france , for example , does not do multiculturalism , it wants assimilation and is n't shy about it . 
  while in the germanic countries there seems to be this belief that unless you have german ancestry you ca n't become german , so multiculturalism is a safety valve of conservative ethno-nationalism for the `` right '' , and anglo-inspired social tolerance by the `` left '' . 
  so overall , the entire discussion around immigration , inclusion , assimilation and cultural mixing is all over the place and the likes of pegida is n't helping in clearing it up . 
  it 's just representing a reactionary side without much thought put into what it wants to achieve . 
  the saudi-iran proxy war is still going strong and that means money and weapons pouring onto every idiot with the right ideology . 
  and the world-wide economic situation is n't vastly different enough from 10 years ago to suggest that we 're in the clear . 
  the same markets are producing the same products for the same customers , in roughly the same numbers . 
  the american 's got more benefit from their new found oil industry , rather than from any macro-economic magic . 
  i agree the international anglo-media 's hysterics have not been helping us at all in maintaining order and investment strength , but we 've got to be realistic about our challenges . 
  how does one company getting a better tax rate than any other company in the same market have to do with competition policy ? 
  is this a trick question ? 
  definitely kebab . 
  as a supporter of a secular and democratic turkey entering the eu before erdogan 's reforms started gaining ground , fellow europeans have not always been helpful and fair as well . 
  in fact , some opinions expressed by western politicians , usually from the christian right , have been downright bigoted and the animosity is partially to blame for the disillusionment of turks with the eu . 
  i doubt his words . 
  i think he 's finding it safe to make all sorts of proposals out loud while hiding behind the difficulty of a treaty change from having to deliver . 
  during the last decade , the government he is part of as well as his european political family in general has been the dominant force in eu politics . 
  we 've seen them partner with both sarkozy and hollande . 
  and nothing changed . 
  i simply do n't trust sch\u00e4uble or merkel to deliver on anything that is n't an immediate threat to their domestic support . 
  i 'd argue she is n't setting ireland 's tax policy , merely enforcing consistency to its own self-made policy . 
  oh , sorry , yeah you 're right . 
   that does n't benifit those countries economically ( other than the harbor facilities themselves ofcourse ) . 
  i do n't know how true that is . 
  the amount of logistic and legal support needed for whatever passes through them , as well as the insurance industry which likely surrounds it , would be extremely beneficial for the area . 
  cheers . 
  i 'd say avoid the capital . 
  it 's not grand . 
  grab a car and drive around transylvania and moldova . 
  brasov is particularly nice and right in the middle . 
  the governments and the people are two different creatures . 
  just pay attention to council of minister meetings . 
  the v4 and the nordics both like bringing up their sovereignty , just using different wording . 
  as hard as it is to make a generalization , we 've historically supportive of integration . 
  we 've been one of the integrationist bloc of european public prosecutor office supporters , opposing hungary , poland , greece , sweden and the dutch in watering it down . 
  and despite our governments current attempts at trying to be more in line with the v4 , public opinion would n't allow a europhobic shift any time soon . 
  we 're also big supporters of military , border and gas negotiations integration for obvious reasons . 
  i 'd say we 're still fairly new , so the concept of getting to vote on stuff and being able to take countries to court is still impressive , without us getting ideas of `` evil eu bossing us around '' . 
  just ten years ago we joined the american 's in iraq and helped their `` extraordinary rendition '' kidnapping program for nato access and ( never-delivered ) visa waivers , so we 're there 's still a familiarity to how the real world works . 
  edit : actually , considering how we 're still discriminated against with visa 's in america and the eu not moving to reciprocate and push for us despite being legally required to , we would definitely benefit from more integration without question . 
  i do n't quite understand what you 're trying to say . 
  joining schengen provides no extra funds while making us responsible for external borders . 
  that being said , we 're fairly pro-integration regarding the eu . 
  quite a bit different from the v4 , although still very skeptical of the suggested refugee quota system since we 'd literally need to jail people to stay in romania . 
  that being said , i 'm afraid that joining schengen removes the anti-corruption supervision system , which juncker apparently is suggesting . 
  i do not approve of this , it might hurt national pride but it has to stay or be made a eu-wide system . 
  you 're really taking a narrow `` only type of intervention is war '' interpretation to make your point . 
  but if portuguese sailors get kidnapped off the horn of africa , is n't that a security issue you 'll need support in ? 
  and there 's hundreds such small events that can happen where it 's good to have friends . 
  the world is not safe , it 's not nice , and you insisting that you can hide from it wo n't make it so . 
  nobody is asking for iraq style invasions , just stability and peace and that requires work . 
  work you 're apparently not willing to put in , while everyone else has to . 
  because we have n't matured into digital technologies enough to be wise enough in their use .
