  capitalism tends naturally to monopoly , as competitors fold or merge . 
  there are better ways than laisez-faire . 
  let 's take a look at cap to exemplify how institutional control manages several factors at the same time . 
  by all accounts cap is an anti-competitive practice when looked theoretically , but it 's incredibly useful and i 'd argue improves competition . 
  - it preserves jobs and prevents rural flight maintaining social and infrastructure stability - it allows us to `` back seat drive '' corporate policy by incentivizing them in new directions ( environmental , animal welfare , antibiotic limits , unwise gmo use , monocultures , etc ) - it improves world-wide competition by supporting producers which would have otherwise been shut down over the short term - it safeguards a local strategic resource , namely food production . 
  it also creates alternative bread basket for world consumption . 
  - it maintains a technological and talent base required for further developments in agriculture in europe - it prevents monopolizing/merging pressures , like we can see in new zealand with the dominance of fonterra . 
  so , all in all , while cap always and forever will require tweaking , it 's a better tool to have than to simply liberalize the food market . 
  and while other industries wo n't need that level of support or management , they still need some for a host of reasons that are much more important than the amount of money in the economy . 
  i know you 're in denial about this , but that 's basically how this continent has been run for the last 10 years . 
  member states meet and decide things , eu just takes care of the single market and competition . 
  no one gets fined for anything . 
  no , not even the deficit spending . 
  so yeah , it 's been a `` fun '' experiment . 
  but how about we stop listening to that advice . 
   what are you referring to here ? 
  east india trading company ? 
  sounds interesting [ south sea company . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_sea_company ) and it is . 
  if you do n't mind extra history , they have a wee set of videos on it [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1kndkwjkb8 ) . 
  it 's not a unique development in early financial system , but by far is the most interesting . 
  issues with races to the bottom , as companies take advantage of different regulatory frameworks or `` receptive '' local leadership , as well as the necessity to maintain certain strategic industries . 
  there 's a reason the eu requires things like the ecj and parliament to work as a single market , it needs governance and law . 
  that being said if countries did what `` they are good that '' , britain would still be selling wool to belgium , rather than kickstarting the industrial revolution . 
  we need to maintain and support infrastructure and knowledge inside our economy to grow and develop . 
  btw , this might work globally , but the structures of law and governance simply are n't there yet . 
   snp lost their overall majority in the scottish parliament last local election . 
  fyi at the time a lot of snp members were voting tactically for the greens as their second so that the pro-independence majority was kept , but scotland avoided a one-party state status . 
  because scotland gives a shit about that sort of thing . 
  `` do you need to take remedial classes in democracy ? '', 
  of course , it 's completely different when he was interviewing the leave campaign . 
  utter gentleman then . 
  people were saying the same things about nicola sturgeon , back when it was alex salmond in charge . 
  he 's less able to weave than salmond , and less statesman-like than sturgeon , but he does n't buckle . 
  i remember his interviews with andrew neil who despises the snp , and kept his cool while he was being interrupted or insulted by him . 
   germans way more pragmatic ( ** as england ** ) are we talking about the same england that first nationalized all it 's major industry , ran in into the ground and then sold all of it off in one go ? 
  the same england who 's post war report on using the marshall plan read like an alternative history fiction essay ? 
  the same england who once had a company so big , it was actually worth more than the entire country , because it was a giant pyramid scheme ? 
  i think you 're thinking of a different england . 
   so relying on oil is `` poor planning . '', 
  relying on oil is half a century of de-industrialization that saw glasgow turn from `` second city of the empire '' to `` capital of poverty and heart disease '' . 
  same with the dundee 's industrial loss and the general loss of the computing industry . 
  so , poor planning , yes . 
  the same poor planning that hit newcastle , liverpool and every other city that felt the combined tearing force of inept nationalizations and sudden liberalization . 
  i do n't agree with everything in that book . 
  the currency issue for one , the argument for sterling is an emotional argument . 
  but oil is definitely not the fault of `` poor planning '' , it 's a volatile resource . 
  scotland should n't ever have to depend on it for wealth , no one should . 
  with that said , what the argument about the predictions leave out is that there 's been little exploration of the oil reserves off the west scottish coast . 
  and it will likely continue that way because the navy does n't want anything built there . 
  because of that , the current oil revenues will always be bellow the potential oil revenues . 
  hey we heard you like hospital and schools !, 
  so we built a 400 million euro giant kitschy golden church where you can pray you 'll get those things some day . 
  i actually own a copy . 
  far more preparation was put into that book , that the `` red , white and blue '' car-crash currently happening . 
  a pity that what the scottish people wanted was a crystal ball . 
  but that 's a lot better than being happy with what 's written on a bus . 
  the soviet response to the 1956 nagy government . 
  admittedly , by now more than 40 years ago . 
  and they have people like angus robertson and alyn smith waiting their turn . 
  makes you wonder how everyone else has such shit leadership by comparison . 
  you might call me overly sensitive , but i believe with tariffs taking a back seat in managing our internal economy , that puts public contract as the way to stimulate the domestic market and help nascent industries , like renewable , gain the economy of scale needed for sustainable competition . 
  if we allow not just canadian companies , but also european companies in name only , to bid on these contracts we 're removing that investment from our economies and helping other manufacturing/technology/service centers grow . 
  it 's already a difficult situation in romania where western eu companies with a lot more tech , scale and marketing experience win out in contracts . 
  at least then you can be secure in the knowledge that they 'll employ polish workers , use romanian contractors , and buy from czech suppliers and it all feeds back into the eu ecosystem . 
  complete globalization/liberalization on the other hand is spreading things way to thin , to the point that only a few really benefit . 
  i do n't think that benefits us really . 
  we have a large enough market that we do n't need foreign suppliers for a public contract . 
  also , trying to secure public contracts in other countries will always be difficult in practice , whatever the treaty , because they are a very political process which requires a neutral arbiter to supervise and maintain . 
  it 's simply not a practical use of our negotiating leverage to push for it in our deals , and not a practical use of our resources to accept it if others try to push for it first . 
  right , we got the continent to the civic development level of pagan rome and greece after 1500 years of feudalism and `` divine right of kings '' , because of how christian it was . 
  you know the difference between early protestant europe and current christian africa ? 
  protestant europe did n't have tires for their witch burnings . 
  the abrahamic religions are middle eastern mystic non-sense , with desert people traditions which we spent centuries fighting . 
  not the foundation of our continent . 
   is n't a `` buy european act '' antithetical to the eu 's commitment to free trade , especially considering the buy american act was one of the main obstacles for ttip ? 
  it does n't seem to be about trade , but about public contracts . 
  companies that are not mostly based in europe , and instead have a toe on the continent with their bulk in america or china would not be permitted to bid on contracts for public services . 
  you were n't paying attention to erdogan and putin at the start of their terms were you ? 
  pis is following right in their footsteps . 
   there is more to the western civilization than just the christian ethos . 
  but let me guess , a christian ethos is definitely part of it ? 
  western is something you work for , not something you are . 
  something pis , erdogan and apparently you do n't get . 
  chill , no hate involved . 
  but for example , i pay attention to the council meetings on the eppo , which is supposed to prosecute fraud of eu funds , and by extension dutch funds . 
  i want this to happen , my government wants this to happen , it will help fight corruption , and remove a problem for the dutch tax-payer . 
  but all i see is ard van der steur talking about the `` sensitive situation '' in his parliament and how he simply ca n't back it , occasionally repeating how it 's everyone else 's fault for not policing themselves . 
  and he 's backed by poland and hungary , who also do n't want it because they 're abusing eu funds . 
  that 's the status quo . 
  and it 's not logical for the dutch , for us , for anyone . 
  i understand that the netherlands is doing fine right now . 
  but as a non-dutch european , trapped in an intergovernmentalist europe , i have to take into account the larger implications of national elections . 
  i 'd prefer it if voting for your parliament effected just the netherlands , and voting for the eu parliament effected all of us , but we wanted national power so that 's how it is . 
  so the status quo also means things like the eurozone policy , the refugee crisis , economic growth , managing russia , the proxy war in the middle east and so on . 
  which , at the moment , are disaster areas . 
  because of that , a dutch policy of `` status quo '' gets translated into a paralytic europe fraying at the edges . 
  i actually own a copy of the penguin 's history of new zealand , which i consider the most straight forward , no non-sense , history book i 've ever read . 
  i 've been pretty much using new zealand as a sort of `` control group '' argument point because of it . 
  you can spot wider world-trends by picking apart its politics and economy .
