  in romania we 've already experienced the full force of manipulation regarding alexander adamescu . 
  both the telegraph and the guardian were on message to portray our coruption fight in the worst light using bought and payed for think thank reports as well as fact manipulation done by people connected to them . 
  then there 's sky 's fictional arm sale . 
  it 's no longer about partisan bias . 
  the whole uk media is for sale . 
  something that 's been known since the leveson enquires were opened and then quickly burried . 
  the biggest victims are ofcourse the british public . 
  but we can do nothing for them now , best we save ourselves from the onslaught first . 
  at this point no one in the uk media can admit that was the case because their archives are full of articles talking about a spanish veto . 
  their only hope now of not being called out on the lies is portraying it has having existed but no more . 
  they 've been gaslighting on scottish issues for half a decade , this has become standard procedure . 
  dont care for whatever rationalization you wish to employ . 
  bants will be had here . 
  and the uk will find itself on the but of plenty of jokes . 
  if you 're going to complain about `` hate '' or `` unfunny '' maybe you should find an outright uk friendly sub , like / r/ukpolitics who considers even / r/uk a bunch of self-hating brits . 
  seriously , grow thicker skin . 
  i 've seen uk posters make 4th reich jokes with eu/germany , all sorts of french bashing , europoor/pigs comments regarding the south , not to mention disparaging romania being a considered a valid alternative to a considered response to ro posters . 
  we all just take it on the chin and move on , because the internets . 
  but april 1st comes around and suddenly no one must make fun of the uk . 
  damn it if some are n't acting as precious as a princess . 
  they already got a damn mass derogation for sustainability ( back in 2014 if i remember correctly ) . 
  thats why we had to wait so long . 
  the national lobbying has to bloody stop !, 
  it 's a convenient delusion of certain people that others are as selfish and nasty as them , and will act it out given the opportunity . 
  thankfully that is n't the case and those people are truly in the minority , otherwise the whole of civilization would fly apart . 
  and the rich dont need welfare , use private schools and private health care , but they 're expected to pay at least the same as everyone else if not more . 
  someone was going to be the biggest net payer . 
  because there always is a biggest net payer , thats just math . 
  but not everyone throws tantrums about it . 
  they like feeling important and getting invited to the g7 and g20 , helps their egos . 
  but yeah , they 're part of one of the biggest economic and political block on earth and act like midgets . 
  the eu should be the organization taking responsability and treating america as an equal . 
  but member states prefer kissing american ass rather than seeing a european in charge . 
  the only time well educated people had trouble leaving the country was during the iron curtain . 
  the eu is already helping by providing research and development funds , as well as making it easier for people to move back and forth and companies to set up offices in cheaper countries . 
  with time we might start seeing people get transfered internally back to their countries . 
  both nato and now the eu are intergovermental . 
  they 're talk shops while members try to outplay each other or set policy on others . 
  the true center is whichever member is the more powerful . 
  in nato that means the us say and the rest jump . 
  in the eu its a bit more complicated but germany either forms or sides with the winning side most of the time . 
  this is the result of very weak common institutions . 
  a picture of thatcher making the demand should be hung in the council chambers as a reminder of what naive appeasement has achieved . 
  you cant please everyone all the time . 
  try , and you become a laughing stock . 
   in terms of intelligence the uk usa is equal how about we agree to disagree , because i know by now that this is a worldview that 's simple too entrenched for me to deal with . 
  already been called a brit-hater for actually putting up an argument with y' all , do n't need to be called that again today thank you very much . 
  that has zero to do with what i posted . 
  but thanks for telling me , good to know . 
  it 's hard to compete with anything the us is in . 
  although , claiming any superiority by simply being in the same organization as them is , well i ca n't find a word . 
  sort of trying to rub a bit of that `` world power '' mystique and pass it as your own achievement . 
  although , the french have had quite a bit of experience and unlike the gchq a very low profile . 
  i consider that last bit a bonus in an intelligence agency . 
   how one earth can you say that being in 5 eyes is a bad thing ? 
  it 's the largest intelligence gathering agreement in the world . 
  this intelligence greatly benefits many countries . 
  see , this is why we 're all very different . 
  you consider your dependence on the us a relationship between equals , while the eu is one of inferiority . 
  and i view things the exact opposite way . 
  you 've pretty much become a franchise operation as far as security and defense are concerned , and you treat it as some sort of badge of honour . 
  have you considered that being in five eyes might not be a point in your favour ? 
  have you considered that i do n't want european information feed straight to the americans?have you considered that the french might actually stand up to the us once in awhile , unlike their lapdogs ? 
  it 's amazing the things you can turn into a perceived advantage once you find yourself running low on any advantage . 
  it 's pretty much trying to avoid a free rider problem , which is the bane of any organization . 
  labour unions have had this problem for over a century . 
  anything that the eu can offer , that makes being in the eu irrelevant , destroys the eu . 
  which means that one way or another , the eu ca n't offer it . 
  and the uk asking for it becomes a bit mad , like asking for someone to commit suicide . 
  so it 's perfectly sensible to put an upper limit on any possible deal by default , coming from an organization who 's existance is for the benefit of its member 's not outside parties . 
  dear ireland , you already have an active filming industry . 
  please start producing mass media so the next generation of europeans gains some of that sexy irish twang to their english . 
  future generations will thank you . 
  in england this is considered stand up behavior it seems . 
  old lass standing up for the nation . 
  place her just a hundred kilometers north , and change her complaint of an undemocratic and distant union accordingly , as she 'd be scorned as a raving braveheart-fanatic . 
  it 's not the same , as long as you 're flying the right flag . 
  you really have no idea what is going on . 
  no idea of germany imposing the dublin agreement on italy and greece in 2012 , no idea of the last ditch effort to send them to hungary . 
  no idea about all the `` stupid shit '' that is required to run this common market , instead of having romanians outcompete british workers with lower health and safety standards . 
  you 're literally somewhere out there , and you 've lost touch with what has been going on . 
  channel might as well be a sea . 
  it 's not really a national loyalty and values problem . 
  i think people forget that islamic fundamentalists in the 70s were running similar operations in their own countries before they gained a significant following . 
  all forms of conservative reactionaries act the same no matter where they are or who funds them . 
  i 've seen american missionary organization start taking over in romania through their use of extensive funding to gain popular support as well . 
  and while that 's not an issue now , america religious revivals tend to get out of hand . 
  so maybe there should be some sort of funding system regarding these organization . 
  i think the simple fact that you think getting an italian politician to express himself in emotive language is something noteworthy , is the sign to just how distant you guys are to what is going on . 
  i do n't think you realize just how quick and thorough the well was poisoned here . 
  do you even realize how weak and eager to preserve the status quo the eu leadership was ? 
  they 've spent 10 years in crisis in utter worship of never moving an inch in any direction , they got out-maneuvered by hungary for fear of acting . 
  the 2 year negotiation period extension was never even real then , of course it would have been extended . 
  but the moment the vote was announced the media came out shooting and the cabinet followed . 
  they scaremongered on the 2 year limit , they boasted about how they 'd get what they wanted , they overplayed how much influence they had in the national chambers of commerce . 
  straight out aggression and bluster from day 1 . 
  after that stunt no one could back a status quo deal without looking like an idiot . 
  you literally made every possible ally shame themselves into a corner . 
  even merkel who plays nice with putin and trump had to actually take a stand or look weak . 
  this is your legacy .
