  and i think here he makes a great point . 
  going to have to give it to you , that is a bit mental . 
  do what we did for trains , health , water , police and id systems : state regulated , or state owned . 
  estonia is already establishing the foundation for a new , more sensible internet experience . 
  we should plan around it . 
  as someone who 's also passed that threshold , that 's not the solution , but the natural conclusion of events . 
  take a look at how mass media grew and was handled . 
  it took a lot of starts and stops until we managed to enshrine `` freedom of expression '' as a virtue , although with in limits , as well as gain a revulsion to propaganda . ], 
  edit : or , even better yet , plumbing . 
  we did not get the modern sewage system because we played around with private corporation until we got it right . 
  at some point we took it out of their hands , and setup the necessary infrastructure and controls to actually manage a thriving community . 
  it will be the same with it functionality . 
  you will invest your time and money in platform who 'll either break or take advantage of you . 
  no one is interested in fixing this . 
  so the only hope we now have is that once it does so , we can convince everyone to tear it down and start again with the lesson firmly learned . 
  you 're cherry picking . 
  a monopoly on a good or product , does not a superpower make . 
  that 's like saying you 're good in a fight cause you 're carrying a thousand euros in your wallet . 
  and i 'll give that britain was the great power of the 19th century , but it simply was n't a superpower . 
  it could never mobilize the required resources and influence to truly manage that , even taking into account the technological gap , largely because it never needed to . 
  on the continent on the other hand , both ideological and organization techniques were being formed that spearheaded the new world order . 
  britain could deliver a small amount of troops to the other side of the world effectively and safely , and secure their colony . 
  but france , germany and russia were learning to deliver a massive amount of troops , and their required logistic lines as deep in enemy territory as they could . 
  a lot of modern engineering , organizational and research methods were being built in that environment , that defined the subsequent century . 
  even on the ideological environment britain was not managing to establish a foothold . 
  the lingua franca at the height of the british empire was n't english , it was french and german . 
  the post-monarchical french , german and soviet powers fought on ideology just as readily as in arms and developed the propaganda techniques that defined modern soft power . 
  the true winners of all of that development were the americans and the soviet union , who took all those lessons and constructed the modern definition of superpower around their new abilities . 
  that actually is little excuse . 
  the diplomats who came after the world wars , whatever their viewpoints , had a very `` meat and potatoes '' view of the world . 
  it 's why the coal and steel community was one of the the first thing to be rolled out after ww2 , and why degaul operated such a shockingly abrasive foreign policy . 
  the obsession seems to be a largely 90s construct , as a result of the cold war ending also suggesting that the age of hard power was gone , and the west would naturally triumph everywhere in the same way . 
  since at that time the european west was already in the mood for a soviet detente , it played nicely in the general mood that peace can triumph . 
  or , even better , peace was the new natural state of the world or atleast europe . 
  ofcourse it never triumped in the middle east or africa , yugoslavia went to shit , the internet never democratized china , and a hundred other such prophecies never came true . 
  so we 're sort of the last ones in the world that still believe in that . 
  see , this is why i 'm going to get hate . 
  because it 's taken as `` common sense '' , rather than looked at systematically . 
  britain needed to constantly play the continent against each other . 
  and during the napoleonic wars , ww1 , ww2 , the only thing it could achieve without outside assistance is a stalemate . 
  the british empire simply never had the right toolset to become the sort of power the united states is , and while it could win the colonial game that made the former empires great , the moment the colonial game stopped and the era of total war began it needed to rely more and more on others to compensate for what it lacked in terms of force . 
   is rather going to carry on what she does best , gathering ever more followers and friends in the process . 
  have we been living in the same world for the past 10 years ? 
  we have no friends now . 
  and after ukraine , why would anyone even try . 
  might as well add the netherlands and sweden in that . 
  the issue is that if we asked those empires to do what we know superpowers can do today , they would n't be able to . 
  they were operating on a completely different toolset , which relied on them gaining access to or subjugating `` resource centers '' , then using the resulting wealth to equip their armies at the dawn of commerce and industry . 
  the napoleonic war and ww1 were the death rattle of that system , and the birth of the superpower . 
  and that 's the reason why in both cases the `` old way '' empires had to gang up on newcomers to try to secure a victory , because a new age of technological and organizational prowess was coming that undermined that colonial system and the old empires simply were unable to actually add force as well as they could project it . 
  america and the ussr were the only true superpowers as a result . 
  capable of both force and projection , reliant on international systems ( nato-wto and warpac-comecon ) rather than colonial empires , ideologically influential as a result of accessible mass media , and able of worldwide nuclear retaliation . 
  anything that came before were just `` powers '' . 
  there was never a european superpower , because the standards we 've created around the term superpower were only available due to technological progress and international structures . 
  at their highest point , european countries were colonial empires/powers . 
  which were the big beasts of their day , but could n't be called superpowers . 
  i guess i should have made it clearer that i do n't believe the british empire could ever have claimed the status of superpower , which was the point i was trying to get at . 
  this is not a eu only problem . 
  this is a european problem , going down to the national level . 
  we 've been obsessed with dialogue-based diplomacy and soft-power for the last 25 years , as we searched for an alternative to cold war confrontation and american interventionism . 
  and so we stumbled on a crossovers of wish-full thinking , carthaginian `` buy-your-way-out '' mentality , and a bit of european `` end of history '' exceptionalism that our institutions will naturally triumph . 
  the only other alternative we know is either atlanticism or finlandization , which is to turn ourselves over to another 's mercy . 
  we knew this since 2007 . 
  we already had french defense papers talking about it . 
  the general idea was that north africa was to be our wall . 
  the european regional neighboorhood policy was supposed to secure that . 
  but we 're the sort of people that believe that throwing sufficient amounts of money at a problem is a good replacement for thinking , so we ended up with a ring of fire rather than a circle of friends . 
  tunisia is maybe the sole success , although not because of us . 
  they do n't need to join forces . 
  all they need to do is what they 've done to each other for 50 years . 
  poke at weaknesses and grab at regional influence . 
  and we simply ca n't deal with that . 
  we 're 27 small countries . 
  when our diplomats go on the world stage , they think like a diplomat from a small country . 
  when they make demands , they make small country demands . 
  we will never be able to use our combined weight , because we fear it . 
  we paradoxically fear that it would be an admission of the weakness of our individual nations , while giving us more responsability than we want to handle . 
  the dream of every one of our national leaders is to be finlandized , and play the powers . 
  it makes us all feel important , while never needing us to contribute to the world order . 
  no you were n't . 
  your politicians were just the same duplicitous assholes they were to us . 
  the moment the treaty of rome was signed , they realized what it was and that 's why they did n't join and created efta . 
  everything they told you afterwards to make you think the eec was purely economic was them trying to hide their desperation . 
  they turned all the frustration build up as a result of their miss-management and lies , both labour and tory , on the eu to confuse you . 
  but they 're the ones who kept selling britain off one bit at a time while at the same time trying to weaken the eu by pointing out to their own created domestic dissatisfaction . 
  they were playing both sides against each other , and only recently that game came to an end . 
  we 're like late-imperial china . 
  completely bought into our self-image of political and economic might , utterly obsessed with our historical culture , and entirely unwilling to admit how much shit that self-image actually is and to reform . 
   the british empire never engaged in a single air-to-air refueling operation . 
  i 'm going to get a lot of hate for this , but arguably by the time air-to-air refueling was a thing and the term `` superpower '' was coined the british empire was no longer in a position to claim superpower status . 
  the post-ww2 idea that britain could stand as an equal to the usa and ussa , was a bit of a stretch that should have ended with the suez crisis . 
  please keep repeating that until it finally sinks in . 
  us atlanto-skeptics  have given repeated warnings over our own dependence and the unhealthy relationship for decades and they 're still not listening . 
  just look how much work has been put into trying to take down safe harbour/privacy shield and trying to create a united military hq , and how little came of it . 
   this happened in both anatolia and greece . 
  it was wrong both places . 
  this happened ** everywhere ** . 
  this is how all our nation-states were created . 
  the last major one was the german expulsion after the war , but every state had massive population movement many of which remained unrecorded . 
  the only two exceptions that spring to mind is france * , which sees asimilation as a national virtue , and hungary who 's remaining core territory was sufficiently homogenous to not need it ( although before that the hungarian-romanian conflict in transylvania were dire ) .
