  meaning that member state representative bodies are placed in charge at the head of every institutions . 
  replicating the same `` design by committee '' mechanic of governance every step of the way down the civil service . 
  we can not expect a committee of 28 people to make good decisions , timely decisions , let alone several such committees spread around the entire continent , replicating national and party political struggles along the way . 
  find a problem , put someone in charge of fixing it , give them the resources they need , and relegate themselves to a supervisory `` checks and balances '' role . 
  like any proper organization does when it wants to achieve a task . 
   that was a compromise to avoid denmark leaving eu . 
  as a dane i am very happy such a compromise was possible . 
  and i think eu are pretty happy that we are a net contributor too . 
  so do n't tell me it would have been better for either side if denmark was no longer a member . 
  what world would we live in , if any rich person who saw himself as `` a net contributor '' , was given exceptions from law and state ? 
  that 's the position you are arguing from : i am rich , give me special treatment . 
   that 's where you are wrong , if eu tries to push things through harder without full consent from member states , eu will disintegrate very rapidly  what you consider weakness is a strength , it 's the strength of unity based on actual widespread agreement , without it eu would quickly become either worthless or even a decidedly negative influence to some or even all member states , and the basis for the existence of eu would be void , and eu would either turn into a superstate against thee will of the people , or more likely simply disintegrate . 
  argument for unanimity . 
  has that been historically the case ? 
  has the holy roman empire , or the polish-lithuanian commonwealth become stronger for becoming a byzantine deadlock of pleasing everybody all the time ? 
  has the league of nations become an international success for being useless in a crisis ? 
  you 're glorifying the fact that you can get away with bending the rules , that you can always be catered . 
  you 're bought into a system so weak that it will eventually crumble . 
  you talk about want and i talk about need . 
  that 's the difference . 
  nobody wants the house to be on fire , but when it 's on fire i 'm not going to take a poll if people want to put the fire out . 
  nobody wants to be sick , but when they are it is n't over the top to start proposing better hygiene and medicine . 
  i do n't want , what can be disgustingly called `` a united states of europe '' . 
  i am proposing progress , in any direction . 
  and it 's you , and people like you that choose to interpret my words in that way , and to think that it 's a matter of my wants rather than our needs . 
  the sane reasoning given is because of a reform to assault earlier , lessening the charges for non-bodily harm , meant that the punishment for domestic abuse and assault were not in line . 
  this bring the punishment to assault similar across the board . 
  the cynical reasoning is already given by / u/franzuu . 
  of course the insane reasoning given is truly insane , and makes you question humanity . 
   being a vassel of the us or brussels really does n't make a difference being a vassal to belgium ? 
  is that what you think you are ? 
  do you think the us gives you a vote , a seat at the table , or cares what you want ? 
  but please , be optimistic . 
  everything will work out for you , you 're just that special . 
  i 'll repeat what i said last time : what do i can i do , to get this renaming business over with , put it to bed , and stop the whinging ? 
  i get it , i do n't really care , i 'll call it anything , everyone has better things to do . 
  i 'd add the french in too for the belle epoque feel . 
  you can do a lot with simplicity . 
  i might just be saying that because i grew up looking at the animal zoo emblem . 
  and what will you be tomorrow ? 
  like i said , priviledged , sheltered , with no sense of history . 
  enjoy whatever sphere you end up in , remember that overlords do n't accept vetos , they prefer obedience . 
  money , surprisingly , does not do well against bullets , but i 'm sure you 're more than willing to put your country for sale . 
  if you ever meet your foreign minister , please tell him thank you for his comments during the cyprus talks . 
  i have never seen someone represent his country so well , in ability , behaviour and effectiveness . 
  thank you for adding to the finger pointing . 
  i 'll just put in on the tower of `` someone else 's fault '' that has formed . 
  do n't worry , everyone 's doing it , you 're just being fashionable . 
  and now you talk as if your money makes you right . 
  be prepared to be reminded what it 's like to be weak in a world of wolves . 
  enjoy the eu while it still exists , while you strangle and pull us all down to maintain your fragile illusion of relevance and independence . 
  it can always be `` a lot worse '' . 
  and i 'm sorry i did n't include a 100 page manifesto to my posts , i like to think experts should handle that sort of thing . 
  but we need a unified border force , a unified coast guard , unified detention system , cohesive and well-staffed asylum processing , a unified foreign policy , and then can we implement an asylum distribution system based around a plan on what to actually do with them over the next 10 years , including a more secure detention system as well as actually increasing geopolitical security in the effected area . 
  it ai n't catchy , it ai n't one sentence short , you ca n't play virtue-signalling with it like borders and quotas , and it will take weeks and months to iron out . 
  but it 's a program , one that should be implemented . 
  do you think you 'll have a choice ? 
  do you think it 's up to you ? 
  as the forces outside align against us . 
  as russia pushes into the baltics , as america snipes countries off in backroom deals , as china reminds governments where the investment comes from , as turkey plays the tap to the middle east , do you think `` we can veto any treaty change '' has any meaning ? 
  you western , sheltered , `` end of history '' non-sense is coming to an end . 
  and you 're the bullet to our collective brain . 
  sovereignty to be completely unable to stop whatever is happening because you 're a small country in the world . 
  you got to love the new brand demagoguery and its vision . 
  as i said in another thread . 
  in ten years , one way or another , you wo n't be in the eu . 
  either you leave or it does n't exit . 
  because you ca n't even blame germany for what is actually responsible for , let alone actually see what the root problem is . 
  because you 're more inclined to have you opinion formed by a headline in the guardian , telegraph , spiegel or whatever , than a decade of discussions hidden on page 5 . 
  because you ca n't identify the problem , let alone do anything but complain about shit that does n't exist . 
  they did take the brunt , because by the time the damn burst , absolutely zero was done to mitigate it before hand . 
  it 's practically karma , if there was n't a continental union full of other idiots who helped . 
  you ca n't keep asking people to take in asylum seekers , when the entire system is so rotten , dysfunctional , overloaded and utterly devoid of purpose that doing so seem almost suicidal . 
  as many have pointed out , even if they did , how do they keep from going to germany ? 
  lock them into cages ? 
  there are no easy answers . 
  there are no good guys . 
  there are a bunch of excuses and half-assed ideas , and any attempt to give a comprehensive solution is being watered down every time it reaches the european leaders , because the spineless fools prefer a political scapegoat over action . 
  left against right , east against west , north against south , and more votes next election . 
  hello , person on the other extreme . 
  if you actually bothered to pay attention in 2012 , you 'd have remembered how italy was allowing refugees to cross borders under berlusconi . 
  and how the german goverment reacted , repeated it 's support for dublin , and then helped remove schengen from the eu into the council so they can impose internal borders as they pleased . 
  and money , however much was given , did n't fix the fact that frontex kept asking for people for years and received a fraction . 
  money did n't solve the diplomatic issues with relocation . 
  money did n't prevent the refugee build-up in turkey , or the overcrowding at lampedusa . 
  money , in fact , does not replace organization , ability or manpower . 
  all of which were neglected . 
  the german government has always tried to shield itself from the refugee problem , and all the quota system was is another shield so germany did n't take the brunt . 
  so get off your damn highhorse . 
  agreed . 
  for those wondering , [ source ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/greece-is-no-place-for-refuge-migration-crisis-europe-refugees/ )  greece was suspended from the eu 's dublin regulation in 2011 after the european court of human rights and the european court of justice declared that the greek asylum system and reception conditions systematically failed to meet basic human rights standards . 
  the commission now claims that greece has made `` significant progress in reforming its asylum system . '', 
   just because germany decides to import refugeed the small countries have to obey ? 
  germany spent 2011-2015 actually opposing any move to help greece and italy , refused burden sharing , refused to send help , and generally enforced dublin so it stayed their problem . 
  they only changed their mind when they could n't send them back to greece and hungary due to no one accepting them , and the humanitarian issues involved . 
  you 're the problem . 
  you and everyone else who had no clue what was happening for a decade , and got spoon feed lies because you could n't be bothered to not have an easy scapegoat . 
  you did n't care until you had someone easy to hate , and you still do n't care enough to offer a solution . 
  one way or another in a decade they 'll not be in the eu then . 
  either because they left , or because it does n't exist .
