  we do n't need to be guilt-tripped into following idiotic paths because they can get headline space . 
  if we did , why do n't we also open the door to anti-vaccine fanatics , and every other fringe loony that feels left out . 
  you underestimate the mental barriers in europe regarding world relevance . 
  we 're completely unprepared to accept the idea of filling a power vacuum , let alone do it . 
  while some individuals member state would be interested , they would be unable to muster the strength . 
  and the council governorship means the eu thinks like the average of its members instead of the sum . 
  so we will always have the policy of a country like austria , because that is the compromise point all countries can reach . 
  combine this with euro-phobic elements fearing the eu taking any precedence over the national government on the world stage and the future is clear . 
  if america withdraws , europe will not strengthen , it will go into delusional mode trying to find a way to stay internationally irrelevant but still maintain prosperity . 
  likely this will mean the individual members will try to find new spheres of influence to fall into . 
  please take the time to check friedrich liszt , as well as the development history of the asian tigers , the rise of china , the modern german economy and us corporate and trade policy . 
  advanced economies got to where they are through government backed corporations , and strict economic management . 
  in europe this took the form of dirigism and ordoliberalism , in the uk through the nationalizations of the post-war consensus and previously the mercantilist system ( free market british empire only happened at it 's peak of market dominance ) , in america the military-industrial complex , in japan the foreign exchange allocation policy and the keiretsu , in south korea the chaebol . 
  the truth of the world is that dominant players tend to win , and pull the ladder from behind them . 
  the truth is that large economic actors have political influence through economic growth and job creation without actually needing to bribe someone . 
  the truth is that economies of scale and market synergy make industries cluster geographically . 
  accepting this and planning around this allows economies to grow and prosper . 
  the `` free market '' credo is what you tell those you want to exploit , by having them lower their defenses . 
  i do n't think you realize that `` competition stiffing government regulations '' are the reason advanced countries got to where they were . 
  if that was n't the case , the steelyard would still exist in london and the uk 's greatest economic export would be wool . 
  the `` free-market economies '' are some of the most deviously protectionist and controlling in the world . 
  the key is balancing the protectionism with a smart internal strategies for growth . 
   so someone unaware of the situation would n't expect romania ( of all countries ) to be ahead of the uk in one specific ` sector ' . 
  i suggest travelling through the uk and take note of anything that involves infrastructure . 
  i really wish someone actually took the time to learn the reason why romania is doing better . 
  romania went through every stage of development . 
  i 've had dial-up , dsl , cable , ethernet , one after the other . 
  you are right in one thing , it is more expensive in the uk . 
  they went fully underground wiring a long time ago . 
  their infrastructure is a mess as a result , and updating it involves finding out where the existing infrastructure is . 
  and it almost always involves digging up a section of town . 
  then there 's all sort of nimby behaviour which try to prevent cell towers `` spoiling the view '' . 
  by comparison romania allows pole mounted wiring and visible cell stations , which cuts costs . 
  because of this the uk telecommunications market has high barriers of entry . 
  and so dominant companies are more interested in milking every penny from their existing infrastructure rather than building new one . 
  to add to this , the british have undergone a governance change to market-oriented behavior . 
  a town council is more likely to try to charge a company for the right to place anything in their jurisdiction , than try to help implement anything . 
  whenever they do implement anything private-public partnerships are all the rage , with one company being tasked to find a way to milk customers to implement a council idea free of cost . 
  this is not conductive for good it infrastructure . 
  overall , the uk and i imagine the rest of western europe faces an uphill battle in catching up . 
  although it is very possible on condition that government find a way to give support to companies installing new infrastructure despite the harsh legislation , or even do it themselves and turn telecommunication infrastructure into a national competence . 
  why , when it serves to maintain the illusion of opposition to have him run ? 
  unfortunately , i have no doubt putin enjoys support in russia . 
  those that do n't support him are likely in a state of complete apathy to the system . 
  we 've seen his type in italy with berlusconi , in turkey with erdogan , in hungary with orban . 
  once the media is tamed , their public support does n't waver as long as they look strong and make sure 50.1 % are happy enough . 
  and not even 50.1 % percent of the total population , just of the people who 're likely to vote . 
  you can run a country on an active minority pretending to be the majority . 
  also much easier from our point of view . 
  with the us looking like it 's going to back off from tpp , it puts the benefit of that entire treaty into question . 
  japan is likely looking for a replacement , and there 's very few games in town of that scale . 
  have you been in the north of europe ? 
  supposedly the best functioning states on earth , with a population who lives completely parallel to the goings of celestial bodies . 
  i think the whole daylight-dependence is overplayed and slightly subjective , both in timezone and daylight savings change arguments . 
  on the other hand , the confusion and difficulties surrounding the balkanization of time keeping is objective . 
  strange fact is that america actually did what the europhobes are suggesting . 
  after economic difficulties caused by weak bank regulation in the early 19th century , the narrative that it was the fault of the new central bank was peddled and believed , leading to the closing of the 2nd bank of america . 
  nearly a hundred years later , when the exact thing happened again , the federal reserve was created . 
  a more broken system , in my opinion , because of the strong financial interests that have developed since then on the back of the chaos . 
   anything that stops the uk being able to change regulation or put in place new regulation wo n't be best for the uk . 
  the entire modern international legal environment , including things like the wto and the geneva convention ? 
   `` the ottoman turks ceased to be a menace to the christian world '' . 
  and the christian world continued to be a menace to the christian world until the revolutions took power from the clergy , sieged the vatican and ended the millennia and a half political , ethical and economic stagnation of the continent . 
  got to love how people in our `` civilization '' still praise what is essentially secterian violence between the crazy desert faiths that are the abrahamic cults . 
  and streamlined decision making . 
  what is wrong with suggesting that ? 
  eurozone is a clear sign of poor management , so is the schengen and asylum policy . 
  no state has influence in north africa and the middle east anymore . 
  we 're dealing with economic warfare from china . 
  what exactly is the solution to this besides getting our shit together ? 
  just a reminder , she was the [ council 's choice for the president of the commission ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-eu-commission-lagarde-iduskbn0ee24o20140603 ) , including support from the uk . 
   the problem is 2 fold ... people in serbia dont want to change their life style ... second they are all magically waiting for a better economic environment ... ie 1980s yugoslavia ... 
  the cringey part is that is the point that the sanu memorandum was released , which accused the government of economically hurting serbia . 
  are you bloody kidding me ? 
  you might not hear about it because it 's done in back rooms where everyone saves face , but when it boils over those who pay attention see the signs . 
  how do you think the swiss bank secrecy got watered down ? 
  how do you think the japanese yen was made to revalue in the 80s ? 
  what do you think india is doing now with nepal 's constitution ? 
  the eu gives countries a vote , a seat at a table , clear rules to abide . 
  outside it there is only the strong and the weak , and small countries bend their internal policies all the time . 
  it 's funny how you figure they have a choice . 
  it 's either be part of the eu or be influenced by the eu . 
  the only `` sovereign '' country that is small is north korea , and they are sovereign in being free to be ignored by everyone . 
  sovereignty is `` my country stronk ! '', 
  in a fancy word . 
  but your country is n't , few are . 
  and even the big empires know their `` sovereignty '' ends where another empire 's `` sovereignty '' begins , aka `` do n't mess in my sphere of influence '' . 
  the eu has given you the biggest gift you can hope for : the illusion that if it did n't exist you could do as you please . 
  it turned you into the national version of `` soon to be millionaires '' if only the state stop getting in the way . 
  comments like this make me wish the eu never expanded , just to leave room for an example of how little separates us all from becomingvthe middle east . 
  now we 're all in this mental euro-bubble where we pretend shit like small countries having ` sovereignty ' . 
  to begin with , poland is n't facing any court case as far as i know . 
  the opposite is happening with there being 2 court cases against the council because of the quota system , ( case c-647 / 15 , case c-643 / 15 ) and `` could '' maybe is n't something you want to say when you ca n't back it up . 
  you `` could '' be a mass murderer , anyone could . 
  the posted workers debate again . 
  and here i was hoping for genuine ambition . 
  half the `` news '' these days are opinion pieces , the other half poorly-researched click bait . 
  i would have preferred for example an link to the court case . 
  but i guess it 's pointless to ask , when it 's clear that narrative-affirming ass pulling is happening . 
   hungary could be facing legal actions for its fence .
