  listen , i 've had enough . 
  i 've learned my lesson about direct democracy these past years . 
  am a yes voter , btw . 
  i 'm going to just go ahead and argue my point rather than humoring this nonsense . 
  i ca n't compete with the daily mail , express and the telegraph . 
  i do n't have the_donald creeps at my beck and call . 
  i ca n't just stick something on the side of a bus and get it believed . 
  i 'm just one guy trying to get a point across . 
  it 's looking very much that fidesz is stacking everything in it 's favor . 
  especially media wise . 
  there will likely always be smaller parties , kept there to show some opposition . 
  but i think for the next few decades you 'll find that fidesz is never corrupt , never does anything wrong , and all the other parties simply do n't have anything relevant to say . 
   then spending must increase ... again , how is this preferable to nato ? 
  no , it can stay the same at roughly 1 % . 
  0.5 % can go to national armies doing what they do best , largely static forces and provide the same bang for buck . 
  the other 0.5 % that would have been spent trying to support 3 plane air forces and 1 ship navys can go to a common pot where it can do a lot more good and because those are mobile object , they can provide security across the continent . 
  same money , more effectiveness . 
  and i 'm not even counting shared officer academies , command and control operation , satellite information systems and other such high end stuff . 
   a country leaves the eu and joins forces with russia ( yes , unlikely i know ) , and gives them all the locations of nukes , all information about security systems , etc. 
  this is quite simply unacceptable from a military perspective . 
  you 're pointing out the issue immediately with discussing this , you can jumble things about . 
  a country would n't have all that , a person would . 
  that person can be considered an officer if he has those , since those are up-to-date info that should be changed regularly , and doing that would be treason . 
   if it 's not unanimous , then it violates the sovereignty of the country , and if it 's unanimous-only , then the eu would be completely ineffective . 
  there 's a better question here : what type of system leads to picking conflicts which are actually worth fighting ? 
  leave sovereignty and everything else at the door . 
  that is the question we should be asking , not some half-assed poorly defined concept . 
   without resistance , the world will not intervene ( see crimea ) . 
  even with resistance the world does n't intervene . 
  am from small country , not far from russia . 
  the current system is not great for me . 
   empty words on paper , `` the ends justify the means '' will prevail . 
  principle of subsidiarity is a law , upheld by the ecj . 
  if you ca n't trust the courts to uphold constitutional decisions , then you might as well give up on society , because i ca n't convince you rule of law works . 
   yet they do . 
  so we make stricter laws . 
  we can do better , i 'm just offering examples of systems already in place because it 's hard to picture a better future if you do n't have something to look at first . 
   people who have a vested interest in the eu and not the member states or the citizens . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  meps and councils are there to watch over them , and they are elected . 
  and you do n't elect generals for extremely good reason . 
   i appreciate you actually answering , most people i 've spoken to have n't thought through the realities of having a united military without total political/economic union . 
  to be honest , it 's something best left to the mass of bureaucrat and generals to sort . 
  it takes me time to research everything and that comes out of my day to day . 
  sometimes , you actually have to trust that people know what they 're doing . 
  it 's hard , but a keen mind can delegate reasonably . 
   but that is largely what nationalism is . 
  hence why `` european nationalism '' does not make sense . 
  european values must never be bound by things like ethnicity etc. 
  not in france , canada , the us , mexico , brazil , china , india , south africa , australia , and new zealand . 
  or in fact , in every single part of the world outside europe , since we 're the only ones who created neat little ethno-states after killing and moving everyone around . 
  civic-nationalism is the worldwide norm , where it is n't ethnic-religious strife inside states start propagating and burning everything down . 
  in that context european nationalism makes perfect sense as binding our small continent in the tapestry of civilization . 
  so , leave ethnicity , language , religious and ethnicity at bay . 
  those were not the values of the revolutions of 1848 , of garibaldi , of attaturk , of the martyrs of arad . 
   `` you 're a nationalist just like me , just with europe instead '' . 
  which is absolute horseshit for the reasons you clearly mentioned . 
  i lived in scotland . 
  this is what they try . 
  then they have the yes voting eastern europeaner backed by the englishman and german explaining the difference . 
  it works . 
   being a believer in a federal europe ought to be called something like `` european civilizationalist '' . 
  that the nations of europe all ought to try to better european civilization as a whole . 
  i agree completely , with every fiber . 
  but i have somewhat committed to defeating the petty proto-fascist ethno-nationalist away from the values they 've clothed themselves with . 
  so i embrace the term , as it was originally , as it is in the rest of the world . 
  because society matter , it 's true , but it 's ideals not blood that define it . 
  and the nation should welcome newcomers with open arms when they live by those ideals . 
  i have seen in work in new zealand , i have seen it work in scotland , i have hope for it . 
  maybe not as a european nation . 
  but as a european family of peoples . 
  nato already has the 2 % requirement . 
  if countries signed that , i do n't see a reason why a more reasonable 0.5-1 % requirement ca n't be instituted into law . 
   , because 27 eu member states see the world in 27 different ways and have 27 different sets of what they want , what they 're ready to do and what is absolutely a no go for them . 
  that 's clearly an exaggeration . 
  not every member is unique . 
  there will likely be 2-3 blocks of how to do things . 
  there always are . 
  this is not something to be afraid of . 
  that 's how democracy works . 
  there 's experts that can do better , but here 's my 2 eurocents . 
   what if a country leaves the eu ? 
  what equipment/secrets/knowledge / etc. 
  is theirs ? 
  every country should keep their own armed forces which is theirs , theirs alone , and separate from the common pot . 
  if they leave , they will know they have all the resources they need to be self-sufficient , without needing a complicated sharing calculation or hard negotiations . 
   how do you deal with a ex-member having citizens with intricate details of how your military operates and secrets ? 
  such is life unfortunately . 
  to much detail involved in who and about what to give a clear answer . 
  talking more about it would lead us very deep into what we consider `` strategic resources '' . 
   what about conscientious objection ? 
  ( e.g. 
  the eu decides to go to war , but countries within the eu do n't want to ) this is more a question if we allow majority or unanimous military actions . 
  except when it comes to self-defense , i hope it 's clear why . 
   with no national army , what is to stop the eu sacrificing a country ( say to russia ) in order not to have to go to war ? 
  that 's actually the current fear of eastern countries . 
  the small armies practically count as `` no national army '' . 
  but like i said , it 's best to still have national armies . 
  and meps from those states would likely vote down such a peace deal . 
   what is to stop the eu from using personnel from on member to put down an anti-eu uprising in another ?
