  good old european tradition . 
  it 's about time the nordic got in on the action . 
  some people think of rome , some think of church latin . 
  it 's best not to make assumptions and latin , as someone point it out , has varied too much over the ages to be overly precise about it . 
  just leave it be . 
   to romance people especially , the ts sound has become rather universal interpretation of c-vowel combo . 
  trying to undo it at this point seems like it would be more confusing than helpful . 
  what 's a little bit of land between old friends ? 
  no , someone in power just a agreed with you . 
  he does n't seemed to have proposed any actual plan . 
  just because someone agrees with you does n't mean they know what they 're doing or what they 're saying is possible . 
  same goes for information on the side of buses . 
   so far nobody has made a convincing argument that the practical problems could be overcome . 
  they likely still have n't . 
  likely new poll numbers have come in , and this is the immediate response . 
  the actual `` getting the idea of the shape of the possibility of a workable plan ready '' can wait after the election . 
  edit : downvoting the guy for questioning if there is actually a plan in place instead of empty rethoric , really ? 
  what are you , brexiters ? 
  but airbus does n't negotiate their supply chains by national quotas . 
  neither do they negotiate their employment number by national quotas . 
  the esa has to do both . 
  the thing about a federation is that it 's not supposed to be just `` a union '' . 
  but instead partially hierarchical with a completely new entity at the top : a federal government . 
  and the federal government , optimally , is supposed to be an entity independent of it 's constituent members and strong enough to make sure the strongest member do n't bully the weaker ones . 
  this ideal is n't always reached but it 's the design principle , and often missed by those that think `` biggest member takes all '' . but this ideal has managed to become very true in every modern federation that stays true to the word . 
  now about the sanctions , let me tell you that they ca n't be done . 
  it 's blustering . 
  the entire migrant matter : the borders , the policies , the negotiations , even the quotas were done ** outside ** the eu . 
  yes , you heard me . 
  try to find the law on euro-lex , does n't exist . 
  that 's because the heads of goverment have consistently avoided eu aparatus for decision making since 2008 . 
  and because of this they ca n't use the eu to impose sanctions for things that are not eu law , because the migrant quota is not eu law . 
  now about yugoslavia . 
  it 's telling that the old yugo republic function very well , especially compared to the rest of the east until one moment : the sanu memorandum . 
  a bunch of nationalistic serbs who interpreted yugoslavia acting as a union as : weaking the serbs people , and then proceeded to help destroy it for the good of greater serbia . 
  this is not the fault of yugoslavia , but because ethno-nationalists can not imagine anyone else having any other reason for doing things but ethno-nationalism . 
  and it is n't the first time serbs got it wrong , j\u00e1nos damjanich who helped anti-royalist hungarian revolutionaries was considered a traitor and a self-hating serb simply for not joining the rest of the serb elite on the royalist side , him being a liberal . 
  lastly , let 's face the truth of not federalizing : we will return to the old circles of influence . 
  actual hegemonies . 
  because as we see in the eurogroup and schengen , when we have inter-govermental g7 style negotiations germany comes out on top . 
  before that , in the 70s , it was france with degaul wanting a intergovernmental europe and enforcing the luxemburg compromise . 
  a non-federal europe is the wet-dream of those that want their own `` sanu memorandum '' moment of dominating the union . 
  does n't matter how it started , it 's no longer a french company . 
  instead now airbus is the continental company with subsidiaries and manufacturing centers around the continent and the world . 
  we need to think more like airbus and arianespace in how we do things . 
  we manage to survive and build top notch technology because instead of doing a `` black arrow '' and giving up completely we double down and pushed through and carved our own sector of the market . 
  and that 's why we still have airbus competing toe to toe with boeing , instead of several competing national companies begging it for contract work . 
  you forgot what brought you to this point . 
  it was n't magical european flair , it was dedication to persist and to work together . 
   i 'm not sure how useful it is to compare esa and spacex . 
  in the end , it is politically possible to spend european tax money on space tech right now . 
  that is done , and comes with some big compromises on where that money is spent . 
   if that money results in a rocket program that is somewhat commercially competitive on the global satellite market , it only is competitive because tax payers subsidised it in the beginning anyway . 
  if there is political consensus to have a satellite program , spacex will simply get out-subsidised . 
  if not , fine . 
  nasa did n't have to deal with the same problems esa deals with today , and spacex still out-competed them big time . 
  horrendous costs in the public sector are nothing unique to the eu . 
  to begin with , you misunderstand how digirism works . 
  we do n't have infinite amount of funds to prop up the esa if it starts loosing contracts . 
  because we would n't just be paying to r&d but for every launch we choose it over a cheaper option . 
  dirigism works by relying on the market to balance out your original costs to get you as close to a net balance if not surplus . 
  this is the system that the french have used since degaul for they arms and aerospace industries and it works . 
  by comparison the uk has , before thatcher , gone completely nationalize and subsidize and it 's been a costly failure , marred by immense cost and noncompetitive industries that largely failed to enter the market . 
  so , in short , the dirigism way is to subsidize products you can be confident will start selling after you sunk in the starter cost . 
  so it never becomes a burden , while maintaining competitive practices . 
   of course there are other options . 
  strengthening the private sector to have a eu-spacex fully vertically integrated in paris or stuttgart could be one option . 
  doing that on eu money is politically impossible right now , there would need to be a french/german elon musk for that to kick-start . 
  this is very , well , uneuropean . 
  simply put , it 's a very economic liberal way of thinking that does n't match either dirigism or ordo-liberalism ways of europe . 
  europe , at least continental europe does n't just `` leave it to the private sector '' . 
  we do n't fully nationalize either . 
  or wait for `` elon mush '' to kick start things . 
  the esa itself was a product of academics urging political movement , not bureaucrats , generals or millionaire . 
  and any future move will be similar . 
   the other option for having a european high tech industry would be to further increase specialisation . 
  competing with spacex is almost impossible unsubsidised , so do n't . 
  stimulate developments in the private sector , have the world leader in antenna tech in paris , gas generator fuel pumps in stuttgart , satellite power supplies in barcelona , ect . 
  - mission accomplished when even spacex ca n't get around buying there . 
  i think you 're giving way too much credit to spacex . 
  it looks like you caught the `` private always better than public '' bug . 
  but every single infrastructure work you see around you is public sector work , or atleast public sector organized/funded . 
  simply put , we do n't need to do things like the americans to compete . 
  here market economy has a different meaning , a different history . 
  the shock therapy of thatcherism and eastern europe was our lesson in `` laisez faire '' , do n't do it . 
  edit : btw , arianespace which provides esa with rockets is the first commercial space company in the world . 
  it 's also another good example of how dirigism works . 
  considering the amount of slavic , hungarian , turkish and german words in romanian , she 's quite a different kind of lady . 
  and the philae blunder was caused by failure of landing thrusters built by a dutch company . 
  people do n't realize how bad the current system is to actually building something . 
  we just need 1 company to completely fuck it up , and since we need 1 company for every component ( slight exaggeration ) it 's only a matter of time . 
  the uk shot themselves in the foot in 1971 when they cancelled the black arrow project in favour of buying stuff from the americans . 
  they 've since been dumping money into skylon for a long ass time , pretending that something might come of it . 
  but by and large , uk aerospace has been on the decline . 
  bae , their workhorse has since had to create a completely seperate entity in the us ( firewalled from the rest of the company ) to maintain profits , and they still get slapped by the us government when they try to sell or do service support overseas . 
  the french took the other path and teamed up with germany to create the esa and maintain some domestic industry . 
   so spacex will come and produce this wonderfully amazing exceptional rocket that will put everybody out of business ... 
  okay ... it 's not like onlye europe will suffer ... so will american companies . 
  and either way that 's life . 
   we 'll find other projects to work on and move on .
