  even for domestic affairs , it 's becoming increasingly and worryingly adherent to a set of private interest which have no regards for facts , only money and political influence . 
  bloody height of cheek to pretend that the media , including the broadcasting market does n't have a huge amount of influence on setting the tone and interpretation of events in the uk . 
  even as printed circulation decreases , their online presence grows and it all ties into the non-sense on the other side of the atlantic to form an echo chamber of non-fact checked narratives bouncing and sourcing each other , without any original proof . 
  and as for the bbc . 
  there was actually a bbc program a few days ago , where an editor of the ft was asked how come a `` british '' paper does n't support the government policy . 
  [ here ] ( https://twitter.com/bbcthisweek/status/860275606973431809 ) this is the bbc . 
  you ca n't warp reality away from what has become a reality-distorting lens on british public perception , worked by an established system of influence and private relations , which even the leader of your very own labour party has come afoul of and suffered for it . 
  edit : nothing to see here , just someone being downvoted for an opinion that rattles certain users . 
   if he wanted to bust fraud in the eu he would finish the cap . 
  but that will never happen . 
  because it 's a mental suggestion to make . 
  he 's not the best we could have had . 
  he was and still is an epp creature placed as spitzenkandidat simply to not allow the s&d and alde monopoly on the process . 
  even ska keller , the green candidate and tsipras , of the far reds , came out better than him.and if you look at the epp you 'll notice they collect shitty politicians ( oetinger , orban , berluconi , tajani , etc ) . 
  i 'm not arguing you should take him seriously , he rarely does himself . 
  but honestly , as someone who would like nothing like him next election , he has actually tried his best to give the commission more legitimacy and professionalism than barroso did . 
  and barroso was a tobbaco company , banking industry , shill who was only put in place because some country which will not be named did n't want verhofstadt in charge . 
  and you know who the member states planed instead of junker to replace barroso : christine la garde who was investigated by her own organization for listening to eurozone direction in mishandling greece . 
  by comparison junker is an improvement at least . 
  and since he was elected the commission has seen the biggest bust-up of tax fraud , [ including ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-eu-mcdonalds-taxavoidance-iduskbn0mr2cp20150331 ) in [ luxemburg ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-15-5880_en.htm ) , while luxemburg has put it 's full support for a european public prosecutor to help in such cases . 
  you 're peddling yesterdays rotten news like it 's fresh . 
  like the british media needed any fact to make up two-minutes of hate `` bendy banana '' stories . 
  anyone who had any doubt at how things worked need only look to how it reacted when they found out that spain had a supervisory role in the gribraltar negotiation , there was talk of war the next day . 
  the british media treats the public like a bunch of thin skinned , hopped-up , low-attention span , airheads that need telling what to think . 
  and no one has proven them wrong yet . 
  you had one chance with the leveson inquiry , but everyone got distracted by whatever kate middleton was wearing . 
  if you 're going to react like this every time the british media gives you cue you 'll have a bloody difficult time keeping your blood pressure down . 
  the public face of the brexit negotiations is barnier , juncker has literally nothing to loose . 
  you might not like him , the british definitely have n't liked him since they tried to paint him , the most eurosceptic candidate , as an `` arch-federalist '' for daring to be elected but unfortunately for them this hate figure is going to take a back seat to the next person who gives them the willies . 
  you 'll need to contact [ ecc-net ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/solving_consumer_disputes/non-judicial_redress/ecc-net/index_en.htm ) or a lawyer to be sure , but there is a thin line between nationality and ethnicity and while i 'm not sure about nationality relating to private business , in regards to ethnicity there 's a clear rule : you do not discriminate , end of discussion . 
  good luck giving them hell for it . 
  english has the most resource available , and the most opportunity for immersion . 
  but the amount of irregular spelling , irregular conjugation , irregular pluralization etc make it all an exercise in rote learning which you do n't notice only if you 're young enough , when any language would honestly be equally difficult . 
  brits ca n't handle the bants . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  the term access at it 's most strictest definition means exactly that . 
  but that 's not how it 's being used . 
  why do you think the eu is funding gaelic ? 
  relevant questions : are the rights of eu membership for sale ? 
  are we going to offer the same deal to the americans , russians and chinese for the right price ? 
  to be fair , the fact that he commented on it shows he is trolling . 
  and apparently it 's working in rattling . 
  juncker is not planning to run for re-election so he has a free-hand . 
  i do n't know why he 's trying to out do boris johnson in causing chaos , but he 's aware he 's doing it . 
  i 'd say the member states are fairly sole responsible . 
  barosso was a council compromise , as was van rompuy and both were disastrous non-entities . 
  the german government tried to stop draghi 's economic politicies that have been translating to economic growth . 
  the nationals also pushed stuff like the `` privacy shield '' system that puts european citizen data in trump 's hands , the ttip agreement which the commission repeatedly asked `` are you sure this is what you want ? '', 
  due to public pressure , and hundreds of other inadequacies that result from small-minded thinking . 
  and if we were talking about petty politics , just a month ago the eurozone group leader was confronted by national leaders for his `` wine and women '' comments . 
  merkel has gotten a reputation for being a high-handed obstructionist . 
  and we 've seen greece , poland , and hungary do it on scales grander than the eu can ever hope for . 
  i did n't vote for juncker , but i appreciate that he cares . 
  he actually lives to serve the position he was put in to the best of his ability , whatever that may be . 
  that is a first in eu leadership , which has taken back seat to the inter-national snake pit for far too long . 
  right , not the member states in the council that headed the eurozone negotiations , that managed the migrant crisis and external borders 2012-2015 , or that pushed for eu and domestic legislation to allow things like dieselgate to happen . 
  seriously , do you even care let alone pay attention to what is happening ? 
  both greek and turkish governments wanted annexation of the island originally from british rule , and the ethnic tensions were simmering steadily . 
  [ relevant wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cyprus_crisis_ ( 1955 % e2 % 80 % 9364 ) ) but the current state of affairs is mostly caused by the [ pro-enossis junta ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1974_cypriot_coup_d%27%c3%a9tat ) that took over cyprus in 1974 and caused a series of altercations and escalation until partition was achieved . 
  edit : btw , in my honest opinion , currently both greek and turkish governments have been extremely unhelpful as guarantors . 
  it 's an outsider view , but it seems they 're treating the country like a political football to score against each other . 
  stop whinging . 
  this is europe , we have history , and that means things get weird . 
  you want to be pedantic ? 
  stick to something safe , like stamp collecting or train spotting . 
  does n't even matter to them . 
  this whole show was their way of avoiding the election funding fraud investigation from the previous election hitting the front page . 
  before the investigation starting gaining steam , theresa may swore up and down she would n't call a snap election . 
  but all that of course , is now inconvenient to remember and so it never happened . 
  tories thinking the rest of the eu gives a shit about how big a majority they have in the uk , copying erdogan tactics and calling each other geniuses for thinking of it first . 
  got ta love the vaudeville routine . 
  this has been the norm for as long as i can remember with the eu and anglomedia . 
  boris johnson described it as `` chucking these rocks over the garden wall and i listened to this amazing crash from the greenhouse next door over in england '' . 
  the lies are too useful for many . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://youtu.be/za_fyoo422m?t=169 ) a conservative mp using the ft 's made up 100 billion number to bash the eu . 
  he did n't even read the article , otherwise he 'd know that the fake number is actually 113 billion but he does n't need to , and the `` theatrical effect '' was for a headline but he knows his supporters eat shit daily and ca n't tell the difference . 
  and this is n't just with the eu . 
  in romania we 've had british media make up a fake arms deal and then a fake kidnapping , the first to feed uk prejudices and the second on payment by a romanian oligarch . 
  they did the same with scotland in 2014 , when they mass-produced lies using dubious talking head . 
  they do it with everyone . 
  unless you have connections in the establishment , you are on their shitlist . 
  the entire system is corrupt , ruled by large multinational media empires ( like murdoch ) , sociopathic amoral journalists ( as the levenson inquiry showed ) , and heavily political and well-connected think tanks which give out free bullshit for newspaper to spew without working for it . 
  it 's the wild west , and the black hats have been winning . 
  when did social atomism and anomie become synonymous with globalization ? 
  that 's news to me . 
  i have friends who volunteer for traditional arts ( ethnographie ) and community projects , they 'd probably disagree with that statement . 
  i 'd actually agree somewhat btw , but instead of blaming it on globalization i 'd say it 's actually parochial isolationism that helping it . 
  i feel like we all expect culture and community to spring naturally out of the ground , without us needing to work for it . 
  this is very obvious in our cultural output , since years of trying to keep our `` traditional identity '' on life support has lead to a european balkanized media/cultural financing system that rewards trite , unimaginative work leaving the americans with a near monopoly on reaching into our `` unique and incompatible '' cultures as the only living laboratory of ideas of sufficient size . 
  the issue here is that the issues that globalization is an inevitable results of modern economic development . 
  you ca n't `` home grow '' rare earth mining or oil production , so you need to engage in global trade to allow access to them . 
  and you 'd actually have to run united fruit company style tactics to prevents technology transfers from eventually seeing the backwards countries you sell to eventually sell things back for cheaper and smash the competition . 
  that or try to engage in complete autarky , and no longer rely on the modern system anymore . 
  so the problems are pretty much a matter of mismanagement : governments wanting to be elected tomorrow , ignoring the problems that will come 10 years from now . 
  although , honestly it 's the neoliberals that are most at fault of this because the invisible hand is their religion and they had blind faith it will work out . 
  as little as it means , sweden just earned my support for hosting the eba . 
  having companies try to boycott sweden for this like they did during the ftt years should n't be an option any longer . 
  they 're literally trying to wear everyone down till we ca n't fight anymore . 
  true , am jumping the gun . 
  there 's just such a history of janusian transformation in the uk , that it would be interesting seeing it in action .
