  romania did n't magically improve when democracy happened , and we 're still stupidly far away from a functioning civil society . 
  the solution is rule of law and separation of powers . 
  you can live under a one party state like singapore , or a communist directorate like china , or damn near anywhere as long as you have those two keeping society stable . 
  meanwhile you have south america and africa fraying and breaking apart as the institutions are built on unsolid foundations making any state which is n't `` strong dominates weak '' a joke . 
  even russia is a `` democracy '' . 
  this was a lesson learned in europe as the terror spread across france , and the weimar republic struggled to maintain order . 
  we , in the world , need a society of laws , of responsability and of respect . 
  and on that we build democracy . 
  i 'm not supportive of any overthrow . 
  but i 'll be honest i do n't think the financial and political power structures are promising for sa democracy . 
  nor do i think that by helping iran we help democracy . 
  they 're as machiavellian as any of the asian powers , and their representative system does n't mean a damn thing in the larger scheme of things if they do n't have the right structural-humanist beliefs to accompany it . 
  we need to stay away , i think . 
  if one of them does something truly stupid ( concentration camp stupid ) , then we intervene . 
  optimally by now turkey would have been secularized and integrated and we 'd manage to be a moderating force in the levant , but that 's no longer possible , so we might as well not be one that helps either one win . 
  if i had a penny for every time i heard `` 5th largest economy '' as if that 's supposed to give some sort of leverage or meaning to the uk 's strength . 
  say whatever , but between keeping trident alive as if it is n't subsidized and controlled by the us . 
  building those carriers who do n't even have planes able to fly on them yet . 
  and now this desperate attempt at asserting `` sovereignty '' in a world returning to a multi-polar power structure where sides are taken and spheres of influence cut . 
  i think that 's a bunch of horse-shit . 
  edit : [ british ambasador 's reaction to the danish finance minister calling britain a `` small nation '' says it all . 
  ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/kristian-jensen-brits-angry-at-danes-small-nation-jibe/ ), 
  well , it 's a bit more complicated than that is n't it ? 
  both have religion as a central component of the state , and the house of saud despite personally being the usual machiavelian bunch of depraved monarchs ( by the standards of the land ) , they support and represent individuals who are tied financially to extreme islamic beliefs . 
  wahhabism , even if not the only flavour of that extremism is still a flavour . 
  and while the house of saud might think themselves `` moderates '' , they 're conservative enough that their beliefs justify the actions of the more desperate and unhinged residents of saudi arabia . 
  iran , of course , is an electoral theocracy . 
  does the electoral part make the theocracy part less of a problem compared to the saudi 's ? 
  i honestly ca n't tell you . 
  but i can say we should n't pick sides here until we have a point we 're trying to make . 
  up until now the saudi 's have been given far too much blind support and i 'm not sure we should care if they win or not their little proxy war with iran . 
  i mean , optimally we 'd be our own side in this mess and not pick anyone else 's . 
  both have very alien views on what the middle east should look like compared to us . 
  that being said , it 's only smart of them to try to leverage sa 's actions to their advantage . 
  and it would be equally smart to leverage that into a more even relationship than what the american 's encourage . 
  the obstructionist would never have it , they 'd raise brimstone and hell . 
  the v4 already cried crocodile tears over `` splitting europe like the iron curtain '' and the uk has been trying to stop it since forever by making sure the eurozone never got its political aspects integrated into the eu . 
  the only thing they fear more than a strong eu , is a strong eu they are not part of . 
  they are powerless on the world stage and they know it , and hate being reminded of it . 
  schengen had zero to do with it . 
  this was the same problem as in the yugo wars with bosnian refugees . 
  serbia , macedonia and turkey are n't even in schengen and they got through . 
  this migration issue completely overwhelmed national borders , and schengen is just a scapegoat for the unthinking europhobes . 
  if you do n't have the right institutions in place , things fall apart no matter how good your intentions . 
  seriously , only the naive sovereigntist nationalist think that cooperation happens if we want it hard enough , because we 're all nice and decent . 
  no amount of will can fight institutional blindness , electoral interests and clogged communication channels . 
  leadership does n't just spring up from thin air , resources do n't organize themselves , the left hand does n't know what the right hand is doing by itself . 
  if both the core and the border countries were serious about cooperation , they would have created an agency which would be responsive to both of them and order their efforts to a common cause . 
  but they genuinely though that `` the answer is n't more europe '' , and they were wrong . 
  it 's really unfair to hold him responsible for the turnout . 
  it 's his first administration and a new party , and if his opponent 's voters fail to turn up , then it 's not his problem . 
  for all we know this is the amount of voters that lrem is ever likely to get and they did their job and voted . 
  if you want to blame anyone , blame the previous administrations for letting the situation get this bad . 
   would be entirely unsurprised if we never leave i really wish this was n't the case . 
  no offense to the british people , but we need a lot less obstructionism in the union . 
  this is n't the 1990s anymore where everyone is our friend and we can all just fuckabout . 
   though i hope we can get information on organizations funded by the government as well . 
  no , they will be funded by native hungarians . 
  likely rich and connected to the government , but they 're native so they definitely 110 % want what is best for you . 
   once this lord dies correction : lord buckethead is eternal and undaunted . 
   it ca n't get worse than it is now , or can it ? 
  four words : prime minister boris johnson . 
  also , as an inter-galactic space lord you ca n't say he is lacking in ambition . 
  he has been a consistent and strong figure in british politics , and despite there possibly being some disagreement over laser-gun regulation and allowing his death stars access to european air space i 'm sure we can find a middle ground . 
  perfectly right . 
  we can design and manufacture maybe one or two jet fighters a generation between all of us . 
  the generation where we do n't at least try will be the last generation to be able to produce one as the knowledge passes from the field . 
  to be fair to him , it was a bit of a mess institutionally . 
  the national leaders took it into their own hands to push the quotas without much input from the parliament or its committees , running the eu like an international organization without a legal structure . 
  they could have done it much better , but they did n't because everything happened too quick and they hate sharing power . 
  the ecj will likely correct that , but next time to shut this sort of criticism up we need to go through the proper channels not the council ( despite the nationalist sovereignty liking the council more than the eu ) . 
  you should advice the current puerto rican government . 
  they also are dealing with austerity caused by immense debt , they must have never heard of this genius idea before of defaulting and then trying to spend non-existent money . 
   asylum seekers who registered in hungary if they registered , they 're yours . 
  anything past that is speculation . 
  i know it 's shit . 
  this entire situation is shit . 
  sweden shit on you , you shit on greece , and greece `` forgets '' to do some papers and shits right back . 
  unless you can drag hungary into the atlantic , it 's time we start putting down some rules that do n't end in this clusterfuck . 
  well , it 's a bit too late to be honest . 
  the `` prosecco and cars '' bit did not go over well . 
  you made everything too public . 
  the eastern leaders might lean kindly because they 're used to being treated like garbage by the west , but the likes of france , germany and spain are likely already tabulating the spoils simply because it has become a matter of national pride . 
  see , this is the divide in understanding at work . 
  i 've followed the eu for the last decade and a half , and i 'm telling you they would be feard of looking too obstructive , especially considering the economic hit on the line . 
  they 're pansies when it comes to outside forces , those old hacks ruling the states . 
  you on the other hand are convinced that * someone * would surely have a problem , despite the extension being a non-issue , as well as the rest of the uk media and as a result undertook every move to make that view a reality . 
  this is why negotiations will fail . 
  you guys have no idea who you 're dealing with . 
  you could have had it all had you simply kept civil and given the old ( wo ) men of the nation states the chance to pretend the situation is normal and nothing will really change . 
  fucking hell of an age we live in , when truth and facts require what you would consider pr . 
  the national leaders do n't want anyone as council president who looks more important than them . 
  giant bunch of divas playing at running the continent . 
  twenty years ago they could barely do recon . 
  ten years ago they could barely bomb . 
  will it surprise you then , that in another ten years something who 's speed is n't limited by the health of its pilot will become the main tool for air superiority ? 
  it 's not the language that 's the problem . 
  it 's the degree of removal from the subject matter . 
  we 're not seeing any good articles posted , and the ones from the atlantic and newstatesman have been dreadful . 
  journalists in london barely have their finger on the pulse of their own country , let alone another across the channel .
