  it has mostly been wishful thinking from the western world , trying to get the blood feud to stop . 
  it seems , netanyahu believes he now has the upper hand , the right backing , and no longer needs to play into the fantasy . 
  he has been known to have close ties to russia and now to trump , and with the later 's nomination there is no outside power enforcing the `` two-state '' paradigm . 
  because my update , did n't seem to actually have updated . 
  :p you should be able to see the km/s gradient below . 
   yet nobody seems to think increasing any of the above taxes is a good idea , except for some proponents of the ftt . 
  i 'm sorry but i think an entire section of the political spectrum has realized that budgetary restrictions have been counter-productive . 
  and i am not one to side with those waiting for the `` invisible hand of the free market '' to return economic direction to the continent , i find such hopes misplaced . 
  it wo n't , it never has . 
   the problem with taxing is that you can only tax transactions which are necessities . 
  that 's why vat is so effective and that 's also why we have so many issues around corporate income tax . 
  and because nobody really ` needs ' bonds , a ftt would necessarily impede bond investing and lower growth as a result . 
  the uk tax regime , the financial center of europe , taxes a host of transfers including investment bonds . 
  and in this continent , of this size , we can do things smaller tax regimes can not . 
  but do n't think i 'm married to a specific version of the ftt . 
  but i am married to raiding large accumulations of wealth that are n't being cycled into the economy . 
  and at this moment , with loan rates being low , we need to face up to the fact that the financial sector has been treated far too kindly and is n't worked as hard is it should . 
  as a romanian , the last thing i want is my country to do what `` it wants '' . 
  since what `` it wants '' is usually in service of a political class that is intent on milking the country dry . 
  and considering that hungary has been making noise about hungarian ethnic being mistreated simply because of anti-corruption charges , i do n't feel comfortable with it `` doing what it wants '' since what it wants right now is to cause mayhem around itself . 
  nor do i feel comfortable france and germany doing `` what they want '' since what they want is to turn us into a consumer market , and let their companies bribe our politicians for contracts , when they 're not buying our industries outright , while at the same time giving companies like renault and vw a passs on regulation . 
  and since greece has decided to let migrant pass through it 's borders , just like turkey , and that has lead to several security issues it doing what it wants does n't seem like a great idea either . 
  how about we do n't act like naive children , and accept that society works best when rules are there , and when there 's a support mechanism for those that ca n't manage to live up to them ? 
  how about that ? 
  ca n't believe i missed that , my bad . 
  fixed . 
   this comes off as a bit extreme to me to be honest . 
  servitude to greater powers ? 
  is it extreme ? 
  we 've seen china strong arm european countries with their investments to back its take over of the south china sea . 
  america ran an illegal kidnapping ring using eastern europe and a promise for visa-exemptions that never came . 
  and russian deference drove radek sikorki from the candidacy for foreign representative after a tape leak , to be replaced by a pro-russian morgherini a few months before the ukraine crisis . 
  it seems it 's the norm . 
  [ map of wind power potential ] ( http://mapfinder.espon.eu/?print=1&amp;p=1202 ), 
   `` tomorrow will look different , and tomorrow is very near . '', 
  5 more days of yesterday 's world . 
  breath it in , because winter is coming . 
   southern moldoda yeah , that 's about right . 
   sexy mayor corruption goes better with a swish of sex appeal . 
   university of oral sex i could do with knowing more about that . 
  nationalism has several ideologies that butt heads more often than not . 
  you ca n't take one alone as your example . 
  civic nationalism has a system that works well with all social structures : the social contract . 
  a citizen has right/responsabilities with his state , and in turn that state has rights/responsabilities to its union . 
   well , i can turn the argument around . 
  every infrastructure investment is done via a type of financial transaction - bonds , loan syndicates , shares etc. 
  i hope you do n't need a quote on that . 
  if we look at it so loosely then every tax is on infrastructure . 
  vat taxes their materials used , income tax for their employees , corporate tax for their revenues , land buying tax for their acquisitions . 
  on and on . 
  taxing is in many ways a form of farming . 
  you give the right incentives , you stretch the sector 's muscles , you feed it the right food , and then you skim a cut off the top with the minimum amount of `` moo '' . 
  but you do n't stop feeding the cow , just because you plan to milk it later , nor do you not indent to milk it because you 've been feeding it so well . 
  in fact , seeing that wealth circulation is a central aspect of the economy , this cycle of tax and spend to create demand while increasing efficiency in certain areas is a critical component of major industrial sectors . 
  the treadmill on which they work themselves up to world renowned industries . 
  the commissioners are not appointed by the national parliaments , but by governments . 
  and even if they were , what difference does it make if most governments in the eu are the majorities of their national parliaments . 
  and , as we 've seen with oethinger and my own corina cretu , who they send are actually far worse qualified that those running the central banks . 
  so in other words , the results would be an even worse system that the eurozone , with the same lack of democratic oversight , and even more sycophanticaly loyal to their national politics . 
  truly a step forward . 
  be still my beating heart . 
  tell that to the maori in new zealand . 
  the nation does not invalidate the family , and the union does not invalidate the nation . 
  identities can encompass other identities . 
  the issue has never been one of `` identity '' to the average person , but one of fairness . 
  a union that can be agreed to be fair , can outlast those that want to play identity politics . 
   you do know that a large portion of financial transactions are infrastructure-related . 
  so , how do you intend to finance infrastructure by taxing it at the same time ? 
  to begin with , a citation on that would do wonders . 
  secondly , why not see it as piggybacking on a sector you 're growing . 
  by creating demand , we increase industrial activity , investments , modernize equipment , develop a skilled workforce , expertise and worldwide reputation . 
  if that 's our revenue generator , then it 's a good revenue generator to have . 
  you said :  the eu commissioners appointed by national governments is all that is needed . 
  how is that different from the central bank leaders , and the finance ministers also appointed by national governments running the eurozone . 
  it 's the exact same thing . 
  and it is `` elite rule '' , thanks for pointing it out . 
  the biggest enemy of unification talks have not been cypriots , but the greek and turkish governments . 
  so you want the eu to run like the eurozone ? 
  the natural political ground of the left is the national stage , or as close to people as possible . 
  if you have to start anywhere , you have to start there . 
  still , if we 're talking continental . 
  economic : new deal program covered by a financial transaction tax . 
  highways , rails , communication , canals , dams . 
  the east is the manifest destiny of the industrial machine of kern-europa . 
  social : internal eu embassy system expanded from eu commision representatives . 
  create `` go-to '' points for inter-european travelers as well as foreigners to get information and legal help . 
  attach consultancy services for dealing with eu paperwork , and integration issues like language education . 
  migration : common asylum policy , common border force , common aid funding , and common punishment of third-party states that do n't play ball . 
  scientific : campaigning against the `` juste retour '' policy in the esa , iter and any other place it is implemented . 
  it 's sounds nice , but it 's a mess , and it makes expensive , slow projects more expensive and more slow . 
  political : parliament-council equivalency , elimination of unanimity , and implementation of a constitutional rather than a treaty foundation . 
  referendum on directly-electing the chief commissioner to be held in entire of eu . 
  i do n't actually work in a cafe :p . i think you should implement a better system than what i had to do , like i said it 's hit and miss and does n't give you a good grounding in the locality . 
  you have to give a better institutionalized version that people can be proud of , that can mark someone 's transition from foreigner to local . 
  i believe that some form of non-military national service is a good example of how it can be done . 
  but it does n't really matter how you do it , people just want a clear road-map to what integration is , and when they complete it they want to be recognized as integrated . 
  no one wants to struggle fumbling around always trying to figure out `` am i a local ? '' . 
  that 's how you get second generation immigrants getting identity crises . 
   progressive patriotism is exclusive ; it excludes ideologies which are not progressive if the aim is to please everyone , might as well not say or do anything at all . 
  actually a bit worried what happen if the eu negotiators fall for the `` equivalent regulation '' deal for financial services , and then companies are winked , nudged , and double-talked into special little relationship in the uk .
