  it is not a good thing for states to compete so completely for labour -- because it reinforces the status quo . 
  the ones farthest behind , stay farthest behind because they lose the benefit of their most important resource : human capital . 
  labour immobility `` for our own good arguments '' are intellectually bankrupt , please refrain from them it 's not going to come off well . 
  we do n't try to keep people leaving the country anymore , like we used to in darker times . 
  a continental human capital market has helped us a lot more than a national one would . 
   insecurity of labour and suppression of wages also act to limit any real improvement in e.e. , because the more ` equal ' they become to germany , the less attractive they are as a host . 
   and the arrangement does n't benefit germany either . 
  the german car manufacturers moving their assembly or logistics chains to e.e. 
  deprive germany of jobs which would drive german demand . 
   insecurity of labour and suppression of wages also act to limit any real improvement in e.e. , because the more ` equal ' they become to germany , the less attractive they are as a host . 
  i think you 're missing a lot from what is being done in both germany and eastern europe to compete on the world stage . 
  for example , we are currently trying to integrate ourselves into the airbus logistic chain . 
  the more we integrate , the cheaper the products , the more orders we steal from boing , the more revenue we get , the higher our salaries , the more we buy , the higher the consumer demand from the east for other products . 
  repeat this over every sector . 
  if we did n't do this , then boing and other companies would have a near monopoly on the world market , leaving us buying from them and no industries of our own . 
   can you elabourate on what you mean by minimum differentiation as applied to the 4f ? 
  i 'm not seeing what you mean . 
  i 'm refering to the behaviour that leads to the minimum differentiation . 
  each actor tries to improve their own position incrementally , without taking account the end game . 
  if we remove labour movement to benefit the west . 
  then the east is left short and needs to do a counter move to assure employment . 
  so it starts putting tariffs , as it should , to protect nascent domestic industries like the asian tigers did . 
  they do this , and the west starts employing counter-tarriffs . 
  so and and so forth , until you get international blackmail like the plaza accords . 
  this is because no actor trust the other , and so try to get the most benefit from unilateral moves , to counter-act the consequences of the unilateral moves of others . 
  best to have pre-agreed standards and not allow defection to profit , and those agreed standards are the 4f . 
   and that 's because if everyone fucks you , you only expect to get fucked . 
   the real objective of the eu ought to be to make e.e. 
  and greece as productive and healthy as germany or other creditor states . 
  not to make any other state suffer as much as some states have . 
  you miss my point . 
  my point is that the greek economic difficulty is related to a poor administrative and political enviroment , one i 'm familiar with . 
  so i treat it as i do my own , with disdain and calls for reform . 
  this is not about wanting them to `` get fucked '' , this is about treating someone 's else 's problem as if it was mine . 
   we have achieved a situation in which intra-eu prosperity is a zero-sum game . 
  if you want to change it , redistribution must happen so that income moves in two directions instead of one . 
  otherwise , politics is like to overtake economics ( and not in a way good for the eu project ) in the next decade or two . 
  see , i do n't disagree with you here . 
  and in fact , i agree with a good deal of the intra-state redistribution arguments you made , and how state surpluses should be used to create continental prosperity . 
  it 's a good goal . 
  but i have two stances that are incompatible with everything else : 1 . 
  cross-continental supply chains are a good thing . 
  you try to compete with the us and china as a small country , and you 're going to get turned into mexico . 
  and we 're all small countries . 
  you can not put the fault of economic failure solely on eu/eurozone systems . 
  as we 've seen in venezuela and argentina , similar crises happen without them in place . 
  you have to give room that states are perfectly capable of driving themselves into the ground , without any help . 
  relevant question : why ? 
  who 's starting to suddenly buy goods ? 
  and porcupines only hurt when you step on them . 
  no invasion , no threat . 
  seems a good enough deal . 
   the model where all contribute to a common kitty to finance eu-wide goals fails when applied to the free movement ( s ) . 
  if a high number of bulgarians relocate to london , the uk does not receive any offset for social disruption or resource depletion as a result . 
  it does benefit -- mainly by the suppression of wages and supply of cheap labour . 
  but these would be arguably bad things , especially if you are from the uk and you 're competing against someone willing to work much cheaper . 
  the issue is not to take each element of the single market as having a net positive each and every time . 
  all elements put together , the four freedoms , are universally beneficial not the individual elements themselves . 
  the individual elements , freedom of movement , of goods , of investment etc , are there to balance each other out over every economy . 
   for that matter , what is the common good that the four freedoms provide ? 
  free movement of labour and capital mean growth and investment go in opposite directions : growth toward developed states and investment toward the undeveloped ones . 
   conversely , the growth achieved in developed states is also extractive -- over time the microeconomies become deflationary . 
  lower wages mean reduced purchasing power , and that reduces demand while the cost-savings is passed upward to shareholders rather than into the local community . 
   on the surface , that seems like a good thing , but it 's not . 
  the investments in those states are extractive ( not productive ) based on low wages and loose tax laws . 
  they are designed to benefit the host economy as little as possible so as to maximise return . 
  you 've just described the original eastern fear of joining the eu perfectly . 
  i wo n't go into it too much , since trying found out i wrote way to much , but on the money . 
  but what has happened , when it worked right instead of following the steps you outlined , is that western companies managed to keep more jobs than they lost . 
  this is because , by outsourcing portions of the supply chain to e.e , they preserved the portions of the supply chain in the west . 
  so instead of a car company going b \\ nkrupt , it exports seat production to poland , keeps everything else in france and still manages to keep up on the world market . 
  in e.e , on the other hand , instead of being turned into mexico where a permanently under-skilled and poor workforce becomes a drain on a low taxing state , that has to compete with other `` client states '' for outsourcing deals , the workforce can move where the jobs and money is , meaning : states feel less of a need to compete with each other , since a romanian worker can go work in a hungarian company . 
  and any extra workforce goes to work in the west , preventing a crippling welfare bill on a cash starved state . 
   a. i do n't buy a slippery slope argument . 
  we ca n't argue that rational behaviour creates a tragedy of the commons ( that states do what 's best for them to the detriment of the whole ) that the eu avoids while the eu is itself running a common monetary policy but not a common fiscal policy . 
  it 's not a slippery slope argument , look at hotelling 's law . 
  it 's part of the inherent ineficiencies in a competitive market without regulatory framework to establish an optimum outcome . 
  this applies just as well to the political decision making surrounding labour and employment . 
  and `` common monetary policy '' / `` common fiscal policy '' argument comes off as a non-sequitor , and i 've come to disagree immensely with it . 
  the power of currency devaluation to undermine wages is overstated , trust me , i had to live through them and will continue to do so as the government is heading for a hard budgetary deficit because of such moves . 
   specifically , the lack of a fuller integration ( or a greater independence ) means that the common monetary policy benefits some and harms others . 
  germany 's surplus is greece 's deficit so to speak , while a ` federal ' system would make that a moot point . 
  this is a more complicated and nuanced topic than presented . 
  while surplus/deficit relationships are true , trade in goods is n't the only way wealth moves around . 
  there are other ways to increase capital flows between countries , that have nothing to do with export , like a tourist economy , and so surpluses and deficits should n't be seen as been symmetrically linked . 
  and , honestly , greece did a lot of their problems to themselves . 
  romania also got money from the imf and esm , we did the austerity reforms , and we did n't grumble much . 
  why ? 
  because we 're used to it , we 're used to fucking up and we know what to expect when you ask money from the imf . 
  it has nothing to do with `` fiscal integration '' and everything to do with : if you 're asking money from the imf you 're going to have a bad neoliberal time . 
  honestly , i think you should give more thought to the greek issue , taking in mind a more eastern european perspective of trying to equalize with the west . 
  to us , greece 's position is familiar territory and we do n't consider it an inherent eu problem , despite a wider anglo-media narrative to suggest otherwise . 
  cheers . 
  really envying the quality of the polish shorts , keep them up . 
  the grodzka/nowogrodzka joke flew over my head , can someone clue me in ? 
  why do n't you extend that to every mayor-ship and council , and reinstitute relocation permits ? 
  why does london have to pay for cardiff ? 
  why does the rest of germany subsidize berlin ? 
  the wider social contract trumps the lower ones , and that wider one for us is the eu . 
  everyone has an area of the single market they 're not hot on .
