  you ca n't do a cleaning rota like that , and you definetly ca n't run a continental wide defense force like that either . 
   if eu made sure the countries could only buy leopard tanks for example , that 's anything but free and fair competition . 
  this is security and defense , not consumer car production . 
  free and fair competition has nothing to do with anything in this sphere . 
  it 's all efficiency and self-reliance . 
  not to mention that the whole of us soft power is dedicated to ensuring that we do just that with their equipment . 
  even internationally the competition is rigged . 
   i still think it 'd be much better for the eu countries to agree on certain standards like the size of tanks ... you just went ahead and described nato . 
  i mean , grand , but since we already have nato and it 's not good enough , why describe nato ? 
  no it 's not . 
  anymore than the extensive car production chains are inefficient , especially if we 're dealing with separate products requiring separate chains . 
  we can easily spread the defense industry , and in fact most industry , across the eu as long as we minimize risk regarding delays and process obstructions . 
  btw , the politicking you 've pointed out is not only done in every independent state but is in fact an intrinsic process of the us military requisition and development negotiation as states carve out production , favoring poorer states due to political benefit and economic savings . 
  we are , in short , not only not re-inventing the wheel here , but we have a workable model we can crib from . 
  [ you had a different government two weeks ago ? 
  ] ( http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/press/press-releases/2017/06/08-eppo/ ), 
   sweden is a member . 
  of the european public prosecutor 's office ? 
  nope . 
  oh , is that why sweden tried to waterdown the eppo and then never joined it ? 
   a party that seems to change its views by the wind . 
  which makes them a very romanian party . 
   stronger europe with decreased defense spending for germany and `` following the ideals of de-arment '' ? 
  unless germany does re-armament through the eu , instead of choosing national re-armament and increase defense spending , you will get eastern politicians starting to fan the flames of fear and hate . 
  we will see people talking about germany as if it was 1936 again . 
  just like 7 years ago when responding to cries of greater leadership ended with people talking about germany dominating europe . 
  i think delhousse 's interpretation is way off from what the actual document sets out . 
  i 've read it again , and it 's pretty much the same as the last time : ecj has right to oversee events/cases prior to brexit and then oversee disputes resulting from the brexit agreement , no more . 
  this `` supercaste '' thing is non-sense . 
  to add to the absurdity of the interpretation is his suggestion for resolution :  for the sake of illustration , the exit agreement could allow individuals or associations to submit complaints to the european commission if they feel the general interdiction of discrimination has been violated by the uk authorities . 
  if the commission finds this is the case , it should be obliged to suspend the participation of the uk to various programs and to propose other trade measures to the future bilateral committee in charge of the eu/uk relations ( the control of this would thus fall under the jurisdiction of the general court ) . 
  surely other systems could be imagined . 
  if they are not , our governments ' present line of reflection ( ? ), 
  will create a paradise for procedural lawyers -- but a complete legal hell for the rest of us . 
  so basically start a trade war if we have a problem . 
  that 's his idea . 
  i think this man is not to be taken seriously . 
  he does n't seem to have much to add except some rather strange ideas about some sort of hostile take over . 
  from what i remember the ecj is supposed to only rule on disagreements over the nature of the brexit agreement , not all laws . 
  you 're all being hyperbolic . 
  i love that quote , because it was made by the only german chancellor to be ousted by a vote of no confidence while participating in the eurosclerosis european order that saw the continent in political and economic stagnation . 
  nothing quite sums up `` this is why i am a failure '' as that . 
  i imagine that 's a hit at schultz . 
  the thing about an ideologue is he might be right or he might be wrong . 
  but at least he wo n't consistently and constantly be too late , do too little , and switch half-way before anything gets done . 
  merkel 's chancellorship is marked by an economic boom given to her by schr\u00f6der , and an increasing stream of disasters and crises . 
  ostpolitik in front of an aggressive russia , bad euro-management the ecb had to ignore eventually to restore confidence after half a decade , outright spurning turkey only to crawl to beg them to stop the migrants , ignoring italy and greece when they where telling everyone they 're having issues with them , acting dumb about the illegal software in cars , just one asinine move after another . 
  she solves nothing , ever , while surrounder herself with the likes of oettinger taking advantage of the chancellorship to line their pockets . 
  i understand that , but let 's not pretend merkel is the stable choice here . 
  merkel is the choice you make when you 'd rather have a weathervane leading the country rather than a human being . 
  and considering the vw scandal , it 's not even like it 's an honest weathervane . 
  there world is too chaotic so you suggest that they vote for someone who waits until things spiral out of control to act ? 
  if germany was itself unstable , it 'd be smoldering embers by now , lucky merkel . 
  the problem is that merkel only talking about redistribution when it was germany on the front line instead of italy or greece . 
  before that it was all `` borders countries have a duty to keep them there '' . 
  the fact that it helps them now , does n't make her delay any less disastrous , self-serving and machiavellian . 
  merkel is a very shrewd politician , one i dislike as well , and it often seems like people , especially outside germany , simply have no idea what kind of person she is and it 's laughable to call her `` soft hearted '' in regards to migrants . 
  she literally made a small palestinian girl cry . 
  i like how you 're acting outraged as if the monstrosities such as the mudoch media empire do n't stretch across the anglosphere and dominate public conversation . 
  or how reuter 's global news market pretty much ensures cross-polination and narrative sharing . 
  or the existance of five-eyes and how that interacts with security concerns and cohesion between member countries . 
  i mean , feel free to be outraged , it 's your right . 
  but do n't think no one 's noticing the bigger picture here . 
  did i hit a nerve ? 
  `` what about the ... '' no , no `` what about '' . 
  there is an objective sequence of events that happened in regard to the migrant crisis and merkel 's formation of her policy and all you 're doing is fucking adding moronic narratives for the sake of having an opinion . 
  i do n't like it in europeans and i like it less in non-europeans that should know better than to give uninformed answers to questions linked to domestic politics of other countries that they have no clue about . 
  exactly how is adding more people with no context around the events surrounding the migrant crisis helping ? 
  there 's already a problem of europeans who think the crisis started in 2015 with merkel saying we can do it , instead of in 2011 , 2007 , or even as far back as 1992 . 
  how are off-the-cuff opinion from half-interested parties , an ocean away which are getting their information from shitty news sources any better ? 
  how is me having to respond to twice the bad information adding a `` voice of reason '' ? 
  there 's an objective series of events here that do not qualify as `` opinion '' and actually getting informed is worth more than being an uninterested , detached outside party . 
  i bet that little rant does n't come out when people start talking about canzuk and the special relationship around you . 
  then it 's all brotherhood , shared culture and good feeling . 
  because she ca n't send refugees back to greece , italy or hungary due to humanitarian restrictions , and so she needs a way to deal with the current large numbers of refugees in germany . 
  in 2011 , when she could send them back she was the biggest advocate for operation mare nostrum and the dublin agreement . 
  the quota system is actually a very old idea first proposed by germany during the yugoslavian wars for the very same reason , since they were taking a bulk of them . 
  in a way , the quota system is germany 's `` big fence '' . 
  since an actual fence would n't actually stop anyone from legally seeking asylum in germany . 
  the reason why you , and everyone else do n't get it is because you do n't understand the german electorate . 
  the german electorate would never talk about suspending humanitarian laws when they become inconvenient . 
  nor can they avoid being a receiving country , unlike poland . 
  they need a humane way of dealing with a problem that is coming straight for them . 
  i really wish you americans stopped giving your two cents on the issue . 
  you want to run operation `` boot '' every time a pleb country does n't listen ? 
  feel free to reap that whirlwind . 
  there 's better ways , ways that are not stupid . 
  please remember that on the world stage we 're moralizing to turkey and arab countries to take them in and not let them get all the way to europe . 
  we ca n't do this if we ignore the very rules they 're asked to respect . 
  outside the public eye , asylum laws are being restricted and deals are made where aid is exchanged for `` improving borders and refugee safety '' ( meaning return procedures and refugee contaiment ) , but we need to keep looking charitable to do these things because otherwise lybian or turkey leaders might argue whataboutism and simply let them pass to europe instead of taking them in . 
  as for the worth of the individual refugees , that 's already been asked by america and australia in the beginning of the 20th century with european refugees . 
  believe it or not they were n't keen on the uneducated , non-english speaking papists invading their shores either . 
  i personally , do n't have an answer and do n't really care , i 'm more about the big picture issues here . 
  you ca n't really solve economic or demographic issues by stacking the deck against family planning without some severe social consequences down the road . 
  the issue is that we do n't know how the economic situation in poland will look in 20 years , especially with automation , and poland might be investing in a european wide crime and poverty epidemic , much like what came out of romania . 
  you 're making an assumption and a mistake here . 
  i do n't argue that we should bow our head to the west 's gratitude . 
  that only comes off because i 've recently only been arguing against mindless belligerents who attack at every opportunity . 
  just because i 'm trying to hold these idiots back does n't make me a collaborator , just not stupid . 
  my position is that we should try to completely wrestle the eu from them .
