  democracy is merely the temple on top of a larger foundation . 
  read my comment to him . 
  my suspicion is that the core has decided that the v4 are not worth bothering with anymore , and might actually be the ones posing a danger to the eu project . 
  if this is actually correct and not just media getting ahead of itself before the ecj ruling then the only option i can think of that they 're paraleling this and the polish rule of law sanctions : the v4 have become a net liability , and they 're being convinced to drop out . 
  it does make sense , but it would be really atipical of the eu to be this brash . 
  the v4 are very high net receivers during a time we 're going to see a severe budget cut , they 're obstructionists when we 're trying to better intergrate the eurozone and defence , they 're refusing eppo anti-corruption measure , eu border control and asylum unity , and they 're a giant security risk either because they antagonize russia ( poland ) or pander to it ( hungary ) . 
  they are a stone around the neck , providing very little except recrimination . 
  but they ca n't kick them out without looking bad , so they 're building the pressure so either the v4 crack or get out of their own volitions . 
  or at the very least drop to eea status forcing a multi-speed europe without the core needing to move an inch to make it happen . 
  we 're now all afraid that if we show a bit of weakness at any point due to an internal struggle , they 'll invade and annex . 
  i really do n't get how that is difficult to comprehend . 
  they 've turned every russian outside of russia into a political hazard without ever asking them their opinion or permission . 
  just went all out and declared them theirs by right , and by extension any territory they happen to be living in . 
   assuming we left the eu tomorrow the uk would be the eus biggest export market ( as you would be ours ) . 
  we actually run a trade deficit with virtually every eu country ( slightly out of date research but anyway ... ) . 
  the `` best customer walking away '' is n't as big a deal as you think it is . 
  we 're not your butcher down the corner , and you ca n't really `` walk away '' . 
  i 'm happy that the `` prosseco and cars '' mentality has n't gone away though , need a good laugh when negotiations come . 
   ps britain pushed for the enlargement of the eu meaning countries like yours are now members , britain was also heavily involved in widening the single market , so it 's a little unfair that britain 's influence always seems to be seen in a negative light . 
  and then you called us scum , tried to destroy freedom of movement , and confirmed our fears that what was really wanted is for us to open our markets to western money and corporations to destroy and buy local businesses , while we become a colony of consumers and natural resources . 
  you do n't have your finger on the pulse here . 
  not in the world and not in europe . 
  sort of how the iraq army was the 4th largest before the first gulf war ? 
  if we take the us , the eu , china and japan , the uk comes in a far distant 5th . 
  half the gdp of japan , a fraction of the rest . 
  i simply do n't think y' all comprehend the scales here and are getting a bit deluded for the sake of an ego trip . 
  it 's not even 3rd , bronze , it 's 5th , no metal anyone cares to give because it 's bloody fifth . 
  the danish minister had a point , and the fact that y' all hurry to the rescue with what are really just laughable platitudes underlines it , not undermines it . 
  scottish monarchy , not living in scotland does n't stay very scottish . 
  also at the time of the escalation the monarch was william of orange , hardly scottish , and the subsequent move towards embracing the house of hanover pleased absolutely no one as can be seen by the jacobite movement , although i think at that point it was mostly political rather than monarchical or religious considerations governing the need to secede . 
  merkel comes down hard when she picks a side , she does n't try to stay in the middle . 
  fukushima : close down all nuclear reactors , buy coal , make coal lobby happy . 
  she 's good at that . 
  even the refugee crisis was her checking the polls after years of telling italy to solve it on it 's own , and realizing that she ca n't send them back to hungary she decided to come down hard on taking people in , looking like she saved greece , italy , hungary that she legaly could n't send people back to while with the other hand pushing the asylum quotas to send them somewhere else . 
  the woman is too smart for everyone else 's good . 
   england never forced scotland to attempt the darien scheme in the 1690s . 
  england did n't create the diseases and untoward weather that killed the colonists and made the colony unviable . 
  england did n't bankrupt scotland and make the notion of union with the uk seem attractive . 
  except exactly that . 
  the navigation acts , the wars , the blockades , the embargo all slowly sucked the country dry . 
  the east india company actually influenced investors to withdraw money from the project . 
  [ this info is on the damn bbc page btw ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/education/guides/zv7p34j/revision/5 )  scotland has benefited immensely by being part of the uk . 
  it 's population and economy has been stagnant since ww2 , as it hovered above 5 million during a major world wide population boom and it became so poor it 's still receiving eu cohesion funds while glasgow is considered one of the poorest areas in western europe , with health implication so dire that it has it 's own name , `` the glasgow effect '' . 
   edinburgh was the ` second city ' of the british empire for a time after all . 
  it was glasgow that was the second city of the british empire . 
  not edinburgh . 
   scotland 's stunningly beautiful cities and towns are testament to the influx of wealth provided by the union . 
  have you ever been to scotland outside of maybe edinburgh city center ? 
  because it shows . 
  and the scottish threatened to stop it with the act of security , which was the point of the economic warfare and the subsequent bribery into union . 
  to prevent scotland from splitting off from what had become the de-facto english monarchy seated in london . 
  you 're right , the right word is bought . 
  scotland was bought . 
  after a period of economic warfare starting with the act of settlement 1701 , then using the aliens act 1705 to empose an embargo and confiscate scottish property , then ending with the bribery of the scottish parliamentary members . 
  edit : downvotes ? 
  for paraphrasing the national poet of scotland ? 
  `` the english steel we could disdain ; secure in valour 's station ; but english gold has been our bane - such a parcel of rogues in a nation . '', 
  the offensive line from the danish finance minister :  `` there are two kinds of european nations . 
  there are small nations and there are countries that have not yet realized they are small nations . '', 
  so migrants ( refugees really , since we can legally deport simple migrants ) are like rain , wind , or earthquakes and countries that get them should n't ask or expect support ? 
  we 've just had a bunch of member states privately bully others over loans , russia grabbing territory right off our shores , a large migration of unarmed people overcoming several borders , and a financial crash that systematically wiped out a good bit of european gdp . 
  this was btw while germany , france and even the commission were saying `` the answer is n't more europe '' . 
  how about actually getting some integration done before starting keeping it in check ? 
  might as well wall every city while you are at it . 
  there is no great difference between national borders and eu borders , the only difference is that some people are only on your side when the weather is good and run and hide when it shifts . 
  i 'm perfectly glad for the countries that want to be alone again , to stay alone . 
  being in a country that is not in schengen , i 'd prefer if we joined our european brothers in mutual support . 
   it 's hard to stay in the middle . 
  you end attacked from both sides . 
  this is true everywhere . 
  moderation is a fools game in politics . 
  your only hope is to change the topic of conversation to something you can take a side and be bang on right about . 
  never try to survive in a centrist position during an argument for long . 
  let me guess , you live in one of the poor transit countries no one want to go to and the dublin/quota arrangement threatens that little bit of irrelevance ? 
  the issue is that germany can very well just not take them , as the right wing keep asking . 
  it can shut the borders , stop asylum applications , and let them rot in calais-like camps in italy , austria and czechia . 
  do this across the whole eu , and the schengen area is gone and you have these camps in every country as some do manage to sneak in one border at a time , forcing germany to make an even harder border , and so on and so forth until economic activity grinds to a halt . 
  and the bigest loosers of that is greece and italy , who 've always had migrants washing onshore and ca n't help the fact that there are warzones not far from their coasts . 
  australia pays niue off to make sure that it acts as a transit country that stops them . 
  we do the same for turkey and it 's worked just like niue , no more 2015 mass of people . 
  we ca n't do it for lybia because there is no one to pay there . 
  but that does n't make what i said invalid : australia picks them up quickly and send them to niue . 
  we pick them up and send them where ? 
  both dublin agreement and asylum quotas mean someone has to take them in , but everyone just wants germany to do it and shut up about it . 
  it 's not a border issue , is the problem . 
  it 's an economic migration and asylum issue . 
  borders have zero to do with it , because it starts in lybia and syria where warzones are and gains inertia from there as actual refugees mix with economic migrants . 
  this means that in the end there are transit countries ( which are poor ) and destination countries ( which are rich ) . 
  transit countries ( italy , turkey , greece , macedonia and serbia ) do n't want them to come to them and vice versa and trying to keep them out is a giant costly pain in the ass . 
  so , it 's cheaper and easier to just let them pass , and make them not your problem . 
  destination countries ( germany , sweden , uk ) also consider keeping them out , but by the time they make it to them they can ask asylum and no one wants to take them in so they actually have to go through the trouble of processing them . 
  so even more of a pain in the ass . 
  so borders does n't help the destination countries because they have a legal duty to at least check they are valid asylum seekers and then send them back half a continent away to a country that does n't want them . 
  and transit countries do n't give a flying fuck border or not because it genuinely is not their problem . 
  just like with yugo refugees in the 90s when germany first proposed asylum quotas before schengen was a thing . 
  orban likes pretending hungary is a destination country and he is keeping them out , but he 's pretty much lieing . 
  dublin agreement screws him as a transit country , quotas screw him as a transit country , he wants to be like non-schengen serbia and send them further to austria and not be called up on it . 
  but since he is : '' propaganda , schengen is at fault , entire eu against me ! '', 
  [ here ] ( https://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm200506/cmselect/cmdfence/986/986we13.htm ) is an detailed report on the dependencies in trident written by a committee in the uk house of lords . 
  democracy is n't a magic solution , please stop making it a magic solution .
