  austria 's is labour , romania 's is land ownership , france 's is finance , so on and so forth . 
  if everyone start picking and choosing , then it 's gone . 
  everyone did what was best for them , to the detriment of the whole . 
  this is the difference between the `` social optimum '' vs `` nash equilibrium '' mentality . 
  where the `` social optimum '' gives the best general outcome but requires everyone to not try to undermine the system , while the `` nash equilibrium '' is inferior but is what happens after a series of defections reaches a point where actors can no longer gain an advantage . 
  i 'm pro-ftt , and other ` own resource ' schemes . 
  so i want less state contributions in proportion to eu rates and taxes . 
  so , i guess , no one . 
  of course . 
  the total of all net contributions has to be zero . 
  if you remove top net contributors then the total value of the rest is always bellow zero , because math . 
  uk contributes more than zero , so it will be bigger than the rest of the contributions of everyone else , and especially of everyone below it . 
  now what 's the price of tea in china ? 
  everyone being equal in front of the law , and free from discrimination is now `` ideological purity '' ? 
  `` adjustment '' has to both benefit and apply to everyone . 
  no one should ever be above a common rule set . 
  and , that being said , freedom of employment has been the one thing that has prevented the nightmare of being turned into an outsourcing colony for wealthy countries to happen , something eastern europe suspected would be the case . 
  to undermine that , undermines a keystone of why e.e choose to lower its trade barriers and own native protections . 
  the treaties , in short , exist for a reason . 
  when equality under law and treaties can be waved away with `` times change '' , then civilization has failed . 
  and they can , they just have to leave the eu . 
  there 's a bunch of politicians in romania with an entire spiel about `` stopping foreign ownership of the country '' that have been held back by eu anti-discrimination laws , you can make their day in a few easy steps . 
  no , went straight from the beginning . 
   it strikes me that all the uk hating that goes on in some quarters only really validates that the eu have had it in for the uk all along , it 's self-interest , no hate involved , nothing personal . 
  same as the policy of the uk with scotland , no sharing of the currency , no promise of soft borders , no pre-negotiation . 
  this is no different . 
  it 's geopolitics , not a family drama . 
  holy shit , did n't even realize it until you mentioned it , that is neat !, 
  [ so photogenic as well . 
  ] ( https://i.redd.it/95osg27tk29y.jpg ), 
  do n't put everything just on merkel . 
  the entire epp party group colluded with her and her cabinet to steer europe into economic and political stagnation , for the sake of their own power . 
   europe , or should i say the individual countries that make up europe , are independent . 
  as someone who 's lived a good part of his life getting to grips with nato , the wto , the imf and how it linked us in to american foreign policy : no , we 're not . 
  we just have an easy time pretending we are . 
   you 're talking such bollocks . 
  i 'm just saying what the uk media said . 
  how am i responsible if it 's all bollocks , it 's your media ? 
  source : [ bloomberg ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2016-10-28/bank-of-england-s-mark-carney-prepares-his-own-brexit ) [ independent ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/mark-carney-stay-leave-bank-of-england-defy-critics-brexit-latest-a7388526.html ) [ express ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/726590/mark-carney-quit-bank-of-england-brexit ) [ sun ] ( https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/2074796/bank-of-england-governor-mark-carney-could-quit-next-week-after-fear-mongering-predictions-over-brexit-were-proven-wrong/ ), 
  did n't he also originally plan to stay just five years , then head to canada to run for office ? 
  what do you think made him change his mind on all of this ? 
  no one said that here , mark carney is n't exactly a european figure . 
  you might have us confused with one of the uk subreddits which cares about what mark carney or figures like nick clegg say . 
  but now that we 're on the topic . 
  the man was being pushed to be fired by brexiter politicians in october , was defending his views in november , was thinking of going back to canada by the end of december , and now it 's january , he 's still here , and look how nice he 's playing with everyone else . 
  but do n't think i 'm arguing this should stop anyone from their current trajectory . 
  i do n't want to change any minds . 
  here 's looking forward to march . 
  exactly , which is why the eu should implement the system as well . 
  in reverse . 
  the uk should pay the eu , every time they issue a visa to someone like a medical professional . 
  do n't see why not , we educated them , it 's only fair . 
  the priority of the boe is to secure the economic well-being of the uk , not to be honest . 
  mark carney has been accused of `` lack of optimism '' before , relating to brexit . 
  in case you have n't notice , quite a few people have lost their jobs over that . 
  maybe he 's found some , after a quick visit to no 10 about how `` central bank independence '' is going to look like in the future . 
  i actually begrudge it , a lot . 
  if what matter when making policy is influence , than the powerful arrange things to keep themselves powerful . 
  if we can minimize influence in policy , in favour of law and argumentation , then we should . 
  i agree with everything else , and maybe it 's time we resurrect the ftt . 
  the current setup biases the system towards big payers like germany . 
  it 's in everyone 's interest that this stops . 
  i know , right !, 
  and he actually stood on his own , did n't come off as a complete idiot , and good on him despite my complete disagreement with his position . 
  but him vacillating over `` what is the eu doing well '' question , and then a minute later talking about how romania should be in schengen is priceless . 
  typical `` i want more power to states , except when it hurts my state '' mentality . 
  wow , the two main candidates are horrible . 
  even the enf candidate is actually coming out looking better by simply being able to hold a platform he can clearly enunciate . 
  edit : my 2 cent wrap up : i liked it . 
  ryan heath is cheeky as hell when he wants to be . 
  translation should be done better . 
  when it comes to surprising , jean lambert ( uk , greens ) and helga stevens ( nl , ecr ) are candidates that hook you in , make good points , and gave a strong showing . 
  laurentiu rebega ( ro , enf ) is not far off , managing to come off as more than a throw away candidate . 
  verhofstadt is verhofsdat , and that 's either brilliant or terrible , but never at a loss for words , and a personal favorite . 
  pittella ( it , s&d ) wants really hard to differentiate himself from the center-right , and keeps coming up short . 
  tajani ( it , epp ) wins the dubious honour of talking the most and saying the least . 
  bright spot : if he wins , you might never hear from him again . 
  eleonora forenza ( it , gue/ngl ) has three talking points : everything is terrible , i am a feminist , i am young . 
  but did he have a divine nature and a human nature , a half divine half human nature , or a divine and human nature ? 
  religion : asking all the important questions . 
  good on politico for arranging it . 
  i have my misgivings about them , but they do put in the work to make things happen . 
  now let 's see who 's trying to replace schulz . 
  edit : and drama already with the appearance of a last-minute candidate for le pen 's enf , laurentiu rebega . 
  a romanian stealing another french job . 
  different areas in a council have different collection days . 
  you have to check the council website for your street . 
  interesting side note on cultural differences in dealing with garbage . 
  due to a lack of garbage bins in public areas , and a prevalence of porters , people just leave their garbage lieing around for `` the man to pick up '' . 
  this does not combine well with weather that tends to the windy and a prevalence of seagulls . 
  and it 's a pain , when you 're the sort of person that ca n't bring himself to litter . 
  maybe something else to add to the `` cultural adjustment list '' . 
  the market adjust it to different values , it 's been the norm for me , i ca n't tell you why with solidity . 
  i suspect a lack of standardization and consistency , creates lack of trust outside scotland , so exchange offices do n't give them out to local customers and instead have to ship them back to the uk or sell them to someone else that can which increases their price . 
  you can say they are `` legally '' the same note . 
  but not only is that actually a crapshot argument in the weird and multiple legal jurisdictions of the uk ( i 've heard yes and no arguments ) , but they have always been managed very differently , and only recently have the regional notes been brought into line to be more consistently managed by the boe after rbs nearly went under . 
   they look different . 
  they are the same currency . 
  just like a german $ 2 is the same as an irish $ 2 . 
  it really is n't , talking as someone who 's been repeatedly caught with clydesdale notes overseas .
