  two most democratic and least noisy countries in v4 again . 
  do you remember last time when that happened ? 
  it 's sort of the price of having an organization like the v4 , everyone boils in the same pot . 
  look on the bright side , plenty of conservative forces in america , the uk and russia absolutely love the v4 for standing against the oppression of the eu . 
  is n't that nice ? 
   i would agree , however , they would really have to go through with it and as of now , eu has no country to send all those people to in the first place . 
  merkel has apparently been working on it . 
  it might surprise many but german asylum laws have hardened while she 's been going around africa making deals with countries . 
  there 's a reason afd crashed , and not just because they are insane . 
  i really dislike the woman , but she knows how to play to the german public and the world . 
  actually it 's looking like not fuck slovakia because slovakia actually understands the game . 
  here 's the absolutely interesting bit : there is absolutely no chance that germany does n't know poland and hungary have no way to keep them . 
  this is likely an attempt to give them a reason to deport them when they are found to have left their assigned country while looking humane to the outside word . 
  germany likely does n't give a shit if they stay in poland or hungary and this is likely the reason the ee leaders originally agreed to it because they understood the subtext that it 's not really their problem . 
  slovakia gets it and admits a handful , lets them leave and then gets another handful and lets them leave again . 
  but orban decided to make it a publicity stunt , and that got him votes . 
  despite it actually not applying to hungary and despite it actually saving them in the long run due to the large amount of immigrants passing through the former yugos unstopped . 
  but he really wanted his bloody crusade . 
  so this is of their own doing , the governments that are using this quota biz since they wanted a war to raise their reputation and well here it is . 
  look up at my other comment above for a list of the `` not playing ball '' the v4 have engaged in . 
  the almost obsessive focus on brown people blinds you to the larger give and take that has not been happening . 
  btw , to germany and france this issue is as old as the yugo wars when they did n't like taking refugees from that warzone , with other balkans sneaking in as well , so they 're way passed this shit and now simply trying a larger strategy of global stablization ( including deal making with african countries where they pay to send them back ) while playing the good guys in public because they actually play the world stage and know how important appearances are unlike the small headed leaders in the east . 
  also , no they do n't earn a lot from the single market . 
  outsourcing and buying out our companies did n't need the single market to happen , we 're already pretty much doing the exact thing in north africa and we could n't care less about it . 
  and america will not come to save you , you 're just investing in `` western betrayal part 2 '' just like ukraine and georgia . 
  simply put , the v4 have drank the stupid potion and instead of operating in the eu like member countries are trying to play international power politics . 
  news flash : we small countries loose international power politics , there is no give and take in that scenario . 
  so the eu is acting as it probably should have always acted : turned us into colonies at the edge of its zone of influence . 
  thanks for that . 
  nobody pushed the uk into brexit . 
  and honestly considering their condition for staying is making you and me second class citizens , i do n't regret their decision . 
  but now that it has happened , and with russia , turkey and america all looking incredibly unstable then it 's time to prepare for the worst . 
  something the v4 simply are n't doing because they think the big bad is the eu , and all those other groups are to be trusted , a demented point of view honestly . 
  i 'm with the eu on this , better a strong eu because if we let the v4 keep dreaming there will be no eu at all and i 'll be learning russian . 
  it 's actually a very smart move , because it return power to german , french , italian and spanish politicians that has since been watered down while removing what has become a waste of funds waiting to leave . 
  edit : actually , i do n't get why you think it 's stupid . 
  the core countries do n't get anything from having us inside the eu , they can simply bully us into trade agreements minus us going to take their jobs as was the case before accession . 
  core europe literally has nothing to loose from letting us go . 
  to begin with : royalty does n't have a country outside the one they are ruling , which is technically their property . 
  they betrayed no one , anymore than the hapsburg betrayed their country by fighting with the hohenzollern in the austrian-prussian war . 
  and if by country you mean family , they were hardly the only royalty related but fighting on seperate sides during ww1 . 
  also , modern romania would n't exist without the victory in ww1 of the western powers . 
  we technically lost that war , since we failed several military engagement and then got occupied . 
  then there is the fact that no further attempts at modernization were undertaken leaving us stagnant , and in fact slowly decaying over the early 20th century . 
  his personal life aside , he did actually care . 
  a tendency to chase skirt does not diminish his many reforms one bit . 
  the hohenzollern in comparison were a tool of the romanian landowners and businessmen . 
  boring little figureheads that did n't care about anything as long as they were treated like royalty . 
  and when they in turn got inconvenient , they got replaced as well . 
  the nobles brought down many good people in the many centuries they ruled this land . 
  just 50 ? 
  the last decent leader was alexandru ioan cuza . 
  `` de-facto english monarch '' . 
  as to say , a monarch who by virtue of their court and company held the interest of what were called the english nobility . 
  although , in many ways the issues between scotland and england were issues between what can be seen as edinburgh and london royals courts . 
  scottish elite simply did n't have the same level of influence on whoever had the throne as the elite in london , and that saw their fortunes falter as the competition saw the london court convince each king to be more in favour of their cause peaking with william the orange who they invited in the glorious revolution . 
  in many ways the pre-20th century history of the british isles is n't the history of scottish , english and irish people fighting each other . 
  but the history of various nobility fighting for control , with london eventually treating everything else as an extension of the city state and it 's politics . 
  this scottish and the english people had no real rivalry and still do not , but it 's a divide an conquer technique to maintain a sense of division rather than adress the historical poverty and neglect visited on all sections of the isle not in london 's vicinity . 
  admitedly , my small home city is getting a lot of new builds to make up for the lack of people and economy . 
  so true , we 've been seeing steadily more in general , but we 're not tapping into it despite commission concerns because the process of getting the money is made extremely difficult by a government that is too greedy and incompetent to help us get it , but to scared to get it and steal from it itself . 
  oh , and apparently we ca n't write project proposals worth shit  romanian education at work . 
  i would n't get my hopes up . 
  pnl has only acted well when it wanted to make psd look like shit , such as their betrayal with rosia montana . 
  they need a devil to compare themselves to , those boys . 
  tajani , the parliament president , is already taking of moving funding to more high-concept projects like defence and research . 
  and there will definetly be less of it overall since they 'll never approve a member fund increase or a eu self-finance increase . 
  so the golden times have ended , and the horse-thieves are leaving with the prize . 
  come on . 
  pnl is just a mafia that goes through more civilized circles . 
  let 's not try to find heroes in pit of scum here . 
  our only hope ever was that the influence networks fought each other , just like dragnea and grindeanu . 
  we need our leadership to almost never be united , and our institutions to be independent and strong , to get a good government . 
  absolutely true . 
  and that 's the difference between the china of now and the one before , the concentration of power on one person is not so vast . 
  like i said , the communist party inside china has managed to find a way to factionalize itself to create a stable governance that can change . 
  for comparison , the usa 's presidential system is far stronger and has less democratic mandate than anything in europe but the moment he is in office it 's not democracy that keeps him under control , it 's the powers bellow him that snip at his heels despite a feeling that `` when the president does it , that means it is not illegal '' ( if you can find a scapegoat like reagen and contra affair , it 's illegal if you 're caught alone like nixon ) . 
  hmm , maybe you 're right . 
  if their voters get to see them beating each other they might not be so inclined to show up at the polls later . 
  but the best we can honestly hope for is a pnl-psd coalition , whre they try to fuck each other over . 
  usr unfortunately still has n't found it 's feet , and honestly i doubt they will . 
  they 're not organized enough to be what they want to be . 
  mate , it 's not nice , and it 's not pretty . 
  but back when autocratic kings and emperors made law , it was still law . 
  and the chinese party has found a way to factionalize itself to not fall into the trap of blind despotism as it did before 1980s . 
  i 'm not blind here , but life does n't need to be pretty to work . 
  it just has to work . 
  they already have a majority ( it 's not really a coalition ) , we do n't really have anything to loose from another election except maybe gain some more shame . 
  as someone who 's country will likely never see the funding the v4 got when they entered , i 'm tempted to agree . 
  but this will end up like the time the intermarium was denied , it 's inevitable . 
  and that 's why it took off after the 1980s . 
  in it 's own way china has law , and china has leadership which is responsive to multiple interests in society , and is kept in check by them . 
  crime and incompetence get punished , at least to the point that disasters are averted and people reassured . 
  the `` democratic and capitalist '' revolution never came because of that , and as long as the system keeps addressing the needs of it 's polity it never will . 
  you 've turned democracy into an ideological obsession . 
  but what kind , in what system ? 
  what voting system , what geographic distribution , what legal supervision ? 
  none of our legal systems are democratic for example , neither is the bureaucracy , or the military , but their structures and cultures serve the stability of the state , of democracy . 
  stop seeing democracy as an empty phrase , it 's just part of a larger system that needs designing for a functioning state . 
  democracy needs a functioning state , but a functioning state does n't need democracy .
