  what must be ten years down the road , and i still dislike hamilton . 
  but i realize no one has done more damage to that union that the jeffersonian yeomanry model that had no foundation in real life . 
   well that and a 2:1 manpower disadvantage , a severe materiel disadvantage , naval blockades , and political isolation internationally . 
  i admit , that 's true . 
  but having an entire state army not leave its state because of its governor for a year , i forgot which , certainly did n't help . 
  neither did leaving the railroad to rot to pieces instead of taking the reigns like the north did . 
  you 're mistaking federalism for centralization . 
  this is not a perfect match . 
  germany is a federal government , switzerland is a federal government . 
  france is a centralized government , and so is the uk . 
  federalism means building the kind of checks and balances that makes decentralization work . 
  i think you have a rosy view of early decentralized america , like i used to . 
  the truth is it was an utter mess . 
  they completely fucked up their economic stability because there was innate distrust of a central bank , a distrust funded by private bankers . 
  the southern state got way more representation than was right because of constant compromise politics from the other states , and that allowed slavery to flourish . 
  the reason the confederacy got beaten during the war is because the confederate states kept the old way of `` state militias '' doing their own thing , while the north had a united command . 
  to work properly decentralized systems need help , to prevent information asymmetry , perverse incentives , and duplicated effort . 
  it 's not something that magically does well on it 's own . 
  edit : btw , if you meant that the eu is more centralized than switzerland , it really is n't . 
  people do n't realize just how closely they are mirroring the us with their euroscepticism . 
  the reason the us is such a clusterfuck in some ways is because the anti-federalists , who dominated early us history , kept postponing genuine reform until the last possible minute , when emergency measures needed to be taken often through strong decisive moves from the president . 
  if europe is to avoid the same fate we need to do what we did for the party system , and improve of things instead of operating in denial . 
  did you think i was talking about a road or something ? 
  dude , that 's harsh . 
  i for one hope he has a long and healthy life serving his sentence . 
  with who they got in charge ? 
  i would n't be surprised . 
  just earlier this week , his fellow horse thief orban declared that the trump election has signalled that they too can start being more beligerent . 
  quote `` we have received permission from the highest secular office in the world , in line with which we will also be allowed to place ourselves first , '', 
  she 's got a lot to loose , and that is trump 's tune at the moment . 
  if we like it or not , everyone around us has gone into what can only be described as `` world domination mode '' ,, 
  and there should n't . 
  we are n't that overly centralized . 
  but there should be talk about increasing dublin-paris-frankfurt connections , to help create a cohesive financial market . 
  sorry , but this is one of those moments where every european has the duty to show discretion , good judgement , and leave some to their own devices . 
   oh please do . 
  the spanish government would love to sit the uk down to hash out a `` trade deal '' . 
  it has a lot of things it wants decided early . 
   the guarantee of peace created by these principles will facilitate the great task of both governments of finding a solution for problems of political , economic and social kinds , based on a just and fair adjustment of the interests of both parties . 
  the good old continental treaty system , based on the tried and tested principle of national self-interest . 
  back when countries were countries , and not forced to compromise under a restrictive supranational organization . 
  `` tu quoque '' is not an argument my friend . 
  it 's a testament to the shittyness of the world . 
  i love europe . 
   i do n't do it . 
  does that mean i am not a man no . 
  it means you 're not an adolescent . 
  apparently that 's a rarety nowadays . 
  a system of verified identity checking ? 
  are you mad sir ? 
  who do you think they are , one of those authoritarian continentals ? 
  using a combination of utility and bank letters to prove who you are while your government has complete access to everything you do is the only way to provide for the pragmatic , privacy and freedom loving great british public !, 
  are you serious ? 
  merkel is the worst person to have when a crisis is looming . 
  she plays reactionary firefighter , instead of actually preventing the damage from happening . 
  her cabinet pretty much decided eurozone policy and we 're still recovering from repeated shocks . 
  her russia-friendly stance bit her in the ass repeatedly , and she still tries to support north stream 2 . 
  she was opposed to any help to italy/greece in 2012 when the refugee crisis was growing . 
  she ca n't even control europe . 
  she was against the spitzenkandidat system in 2014 . 
  but because she ca n't be bothered to do anything until shit happens , she was stuck with a fait accompli of juncker , instead of being allowed to push her prefered candidate : the infamous christine lagarde that took direction from the eurogroup . 
  cue private meetings with euroseptic leaders , half-assed attempts at resistance , and inevitably her siding with winning side before the fight even started . 
  she is someone who never fixes anything . 
  she just waits for the car to break down and then makes a big deal of looking busy . 
   it was mostly a pro-the eu not getting completely overwhelmed stance . 
  it seemed more of a pro- `` we ca n't send them back to hungary/greece but we ca n't look weak '' stance . 
  in 2012 , merkel was saying everything the v4 saying right now . 
  would that be geordie english , scouse english , yorkie english , or the rp english only public school graduates speak ? 
   i think more in categories `` are your utilitarian enough to sacrifice other people for the greater good '' . 
  and if the answer is yes then why not do it for a benevolent dictatorship since you already compromised on freedom of other people from the start . 
  you do n't sacrifice people for the greater good . 
  you find people who are already willing to do it , and then back them so they succeed . 
  that 's the thing , we do n't need pawns . 
  we need something we ca n't buy with money , or force with guns : genuine belief and alliance . 
  people who when left alone , continue working without compulsion . 
  we need to nurture geopolitical mutualism , starting through individuals and working our way up . 
   truth be told the injustices present today in europe in most places are a far cry from the ancient regime , even the worst places are better . 
  they might turn for the worse and then we will probably see a return of freedom fighters but we are not there yet . 
  not everywhere . 
  that 's my point . 
  outside our continent there is a liberal class that faces the exact same struggles against sectarianism , classism and despotism . 
  and saudi arabia , iran , russia , are all funding their adversaries . 
  as a civilization , we have left such people to their fate . 
  in ukraine , in turkey , in egypt . 
  simply because we are either unable or unwilling to play the game . 
  the pound will never become irrelevant . 
  its value as a century 's worth of cautionary tales makes it a priceless heirloom in economic history . 
  it 's been , like , a whole 2 months since a `` euro is doomed '' story . 
  we 're just playing catch up . 
   not mentioning that potential agents having liberal democratic ideals and the talent ( and will ) for turning people in other countries into assets is not a common combination . 
  liberal and idealistic does n't automatically mean gormless and squeamish . 
  used to be quite the opposite , revolutionaries agitating , proselytising , and planning . 
  covert societies , secret union meetings , and political fire-brands making their way through perfumed european parlours . 
  this continent was built by people who broke down class and social barriers with the selfless intent of martyrs , women throwing themselves in front of horses , students in front of guns , intellectuals into the jails . 
  the weekend protestors and middle class slacktivists that define modern liberalism are a shadow on the wall , compared to the candles that held the fire . 
  the uk , in my experience , does n't blame the us as a matter of policy . 
  breton woods , iraq war or financial crisis , it 's always reinterpreted as a domestic failure . 
  i think they 'll be quite happy together , actually . 
  `` trade deal with us done in record time , special relationship alive and well '' we should be wise to anglomedia by now , that 's exactly how they 'll put it . 
  no one is going to look too closely , and anybody that does will be non sequitur-ed to death .
