  to turn back time to back when things where golden in the pre-2004 borders . 
  to argue that we should all just roll over and become irrelevant again ? 
  truly `` impotent agenda '' hit the nail right on the head . 
  where is the nato court ? 
  how do i vote for the nato president or parliament ? 
  what is the nato budget ? 
  where is the nato embassy ? 
  binding my ass . 
  words on paper , just like the agreement on ukraine . 
  because institutional and legal power has more authority to muster people under a common banner . 
  as can be seen in every single state in the world , no matter how loose or centralized . 
  a fickle alliance system by comparison is a matter of convenience as the winds change . 
   i 'm not even kidding you , that 's the line of thought . 
  no , you 're not kidding . 
  you 're just trying to push your impotent agenda . 
   it will also significantly weaker and i 'm not sure any imagined cohesion can offset that nor i am convinced that that cohesion will ever transpire given the eus track record . 
  it can not possibly be significantly weaker since it would put the center of military power closer to the russian border , and dispense with the need for moving necessary equipment and munitions over an ocean . 
  right now , we 're just a `` soft buffer '' for any invasion since realistically we are too poorly equipped and coordinated to put much resistance until helps arrives . 
  as for eu cohesion , do intergovermental organization get intergovermental results . 
  when the eu acts super-nationally it acts far more effectively . 
  nato is intergovernmental though , and the difficulties you saw in the eu council will get multiplied in nato when disaster hits . 
  nato is a joke waiting for us to become the punch line . 
   that do n't stop many eu countries from having a much better view of russia than the us have . 
  i think you overestimate how much the average american cares . 
   future eu will likely also include serbia which will only tip the balance ( slightly ) more in favor of russia . 
  i highly doubt anyone is in the mood for more trojan horses , after the v4 started taking up the banner of the perpetually dissatisfied . 
   you mean a bigger germany ? 
  and germany is a bigger bavaria ? 
  switzerland a bigger z\u00fcrich ? 
  we keep playing this stupid `` europe in anarchy '' policy and sooner or latter one nation will dominate the others . 
  we already had 3 near misses and we might not get another . 
  our only solution to stop something like a `` bigger germany '' is a federal eu . 
  history will not stop for your comfort . 
  an eu army would be more cohesive than the current international diplomatic and operational clusterfuck wrapped around american military and political might , be less open to the divide and conquer tactics of `` encouraging '' individual neutrality/finlandization , and have far more legitimacy and be harder to attack diplomatically since it would be a separate and independent entity from the american hegemony and its misadventures . 
  as for `` controlled by a more russia friendly population '' : they 're next door , they 're kidnapping people , invading countries and manipulating elections . 
  you never know . 
  both east and west are filled with useful idiots clamoring to trade eu tyranny for russia/american guaranteed `` sovereignty '' . 
  just like the good old days . 
  it 's actually 100 % my shitty hungarian . 
   cheers for the correction . 
  let 's be honest here . 
  if the governing party represent a significant part of polish thinking , then it 's safe to assume they will the moment they 're asked to pay into the pot instead of just taking . 
  the eu 's attempt at limiting things to `` just talking '' instead of acting on the venice commission 's report and activating article 7 just gives the government time to pad their electorate with more money before declaring `` independence '' . 
  that 's exactly the point . 
  cause this is n't about nato , this is about the american hegemony of which nato is only a part . 
  and when we went into iraq , we went having been promised nato membership in return and visa liberalization . 
  it 's been a transactionary system all along , western europe was given more politeness about it so far . 
  and playing into the old alliance system like it 's 1912 and we need a protector is only going to get us all annexed or walled off again . 
  more `` western betrayals '' , more partition agreements , more fighting proxy wars for foreign powers . 
  i suggest we take a different route this time . 
  and we dragged all ourselves into iraq to pay for that . 
  romania also helped their kidnapping program to pay for that . 
  and who knows what else they 'll ask of us . 
  do n't be a vassal . 
  seems janusz korwin-mikke has a worthy successor . 
  seeing the looks orban gave trump through the meeting , is shocked the right word ? 
  well , they could have run a campaign solely on personality . 
  that is hardly unheard of , especially these days . 
  they just needed a personality which was n't inherently repulsive and alienating to anything other than fellow reptiles . 
  there are no populist parties in britain ? 
  labour is lead by someone from the far left wing that the centrist members despise and is promising a return to true socialism , tory 's center wing went down with cameron and osborne and now the fringe are playing may . 
  and both are winning people back from ukip because of this shift to the sides . 
  your main parties are the populist parties mate . 
  when are you gon na notice that as the political editor of a major magazine ? 
  i do n't think left/right or labour/tory is a fair way of seeing things . 
  both parties have their post-war consensus wing ( labour with old labour and corbyn , and tories with commonwealth-ists ) and their post-imf/thatcher consensus wings ( new labour and cameron 's conservatives ) , and i think that 's the divide regarding europe . 
  the fact that during the 1973 referendum the parties had leadership with opposing views on the issue was coincidental , and is no longer the case . 
  he is one of those `` better enemy than ally '' individuals which tarnishes whichever side he 's promoting by virtue of his own egoism . 
  he simply doesnt have his finger on thd pulse of the conversation well enough to talk without sounding dated and shrill . 
  personally dont care for him one way or another . 
  in fact , him leaving the stage removes a problem . 
   but would n't he defend the free trade and free movement of people ? 
  nope . 
  he 's old school british socialist from back when the post-war consensus aimed at maintaining full employment and high standards of living . 
  neither of those things help with that , in fact they weaken the unions and the governments ability to intervene in economic policy , thus the reason why they campaigned against eec accession back in the 70 's . 
  principle of subsidiarity in general . 
  with education being the hardest line where beyond equivelancy standards and nondiscrimination the eu should let be . 
  i 'm glad i 'm not the only one . 
  at that level , you should at least pretend that you 're beyond party politics and representing your country . 
  so tbd . 
  worrying . 
  unless you need to quickly reference the material books are largely an aesthetic choice . 
  and since high positions always come with staff specifically tasked to find information for you , it says more about what people want you to think about them , than anything . 
  of course , they also make great insulation when used in large numbers . 
  but i doubt these offices are in need of that . 
  can anybody from poland pitch in with info whether there 's been a timetable made for when the new defense force gets integrated into the rest of the armed forces ? 
  got curious and went looking for the actual office . 
  which is surprisingly hard to find . 
  you can see most of it [ here ] ( http://i-images.photoshelter.com/image/i0000iyzjwbczpjm ) and [ here ] ( http://cdn.c.photoshelter.com/img-get2/i0000gsfxwlfoxmq/fit=1000x750/i-images-adp-conservative-party-2012-6253.jpg ) , with what seems to be a little photo-op corner [ here ] ( http://media.gettyimages.com/photos/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-talks-to-us-president-barack-on-picture-id155767339 ) . 
  of course not , in fact it 's dubious if any of these proposals will be implemented at all . 
  we are in the age of `` the answer is n't more europe '' after all . 
  it 's a good idea though , and it 's healthy to see it written down once in a while as a testament to the continuation of sanity despite all odds . 
  but the opponents to any move forward are vocal , loud , and dogmatic , and the proponents are weak and full of doubt . 
  this is a thing of beauty . 
  fair , insightful , and comprehensive . 
  it 's going to get ignored since it does n't play into anyone 's bias . 
  but it 's was nice to see something that covers a genuine plan of how to manage the eurozone , rather than another political hit piece . 
  thank you . 
  i understand , i 'd just have thought that a bit more soul searching would go with the nostalgia . 
   because the rate of exchange on the euro is much more favorable to germany than would be the case right now if germany still used its own currency .
