  this agreement can not be unilaterally canceled by one of the signing parties , without consequence . 
  in this case a government is no different from a private citizen making an agreement with another private citizen . 
  it is a legal agent that has entered into a financial obligation it is trying to renege , to the detriment of the parties it made the agreement with . 
  `` we are all so different culture and language , much incompatible and unique , must preserve '' . 
  eats mcdonald burger in skinny jeans while waiting for new avengers movie to start . 
  or were you talking about the dark ages bit ? 
   it says we are not liable and it is uncertain if any court could enforce payment even if we were . 
  you 're not liable to the eu within its own legal framework as a result of functioning outside the treaties and the ecj , and largely by taking the art 50 extremely literally as the sole determinant of the foundation of negotiations . 
  so because art 50 does n't mention the liabilities outright , the conclusion is drawn that they do n't exist . 
  which is dubious to begin with . 
  but , and the commitee report does well to avoid talking about it much , the uk still functions within the international system within which the eu treaties and the negotiations are written and happening . 
  notice that it 's never mentioned how the contractual nature of the obligation and treaties signed are to be dealt with , instead only a light mention is made at the difficulty in bringing it to court . 
  what is left unsaid is , in my opinion , more damning than the little that was said over the actual legal obligations made under the treaties , who 's only saving grace you have is that they no longer technically apply . 
  the final verdict of the commitee is literally : `` there 's no court of law that can make us pay '' . 
  that the summary of it , and you need some very selective reading to suggest it otherwise . 
  they actually call it out when they refer to the `` uk 's current and future legal obligations '' in the middle of the committee assessment in line 133 explaining how those legal obligation are hard to enforce . 
  i 'm not cherry picking , you 're just wrong . 
  even according to the house of lords , and under the pretence that the 7-year framework 's limited changeability allow leeways , the expert advice is :  while it would be possible for the mff regulation to be revised to take account of uk withdrawal , and while even within the ceilings set out by the mff the eu could agree to adopt smaller annual budgets for 2019 and 2020 , he argued that the uk would still be liable under the commitments it made when agreeing the mff in 2013 : `` one would need to look at the obligation of the member states within the cycle of the mff , not within the cycle of the individual budget . '' 126 professor tridimas also noted that `` member states undertake a concrete obligation to finance the eu within the limits of the financial cycle provided within the multiannual financial framework . '' and there is a second , section regarding seperate funds to the mmf , as they are legal guarantees provided seperatly for each fund :  `` there is a legal act passed by the european union that governs each and every one of these different funds . 
  among other things , that also guarantees an end point , because all these funds expire at the end of 2020 -- at least , the commitments for them do ; payments will follow later . 
  there is a level of guarantee , not only in the mff but in the legal spending decisions that are taken for each of the constituent funds . '' the general legal opinion is that under a court of law , taken as signed contractual obligation as a member of the eu when passing the mmf and the various other funds , the uk is obliged to deliver on it 's promises and provide the funds . 
  the result of not doing so is , de facto , a debt . 
  now you might argue to the international community and whatever court the uk is dragged into that those contractual obligations somehow do n't apply by virtue of wanting them not to apply . 
  but somehow i doubt that will be viewed well considering that every international treaty is a non-enforceable contractual obligation , and not condemning the practice would be anathema to the whole fragile system . 
   the house of lords report said we are not legally liable for anything . 
  no , the house of lords report said that no court in the world can make you pay . 
  read the damn source , instead of regurgitated tabloid slop that tell you what you want to hear . 
  here is the actual link : https://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/ld201617/ldselect/ldeucom/125/12507.htm#_idtextanchor038 and it actually states you could be dragged to an international court over this . 
  the conclusion of that ? 
   individual eu member states might seek to bring a case against the uk for the payments of outstanding liabilities under principles of public international law , but , as our witnesses explained , international law is slow to litigate and hard to enforce . 
  yup , slow and hard to enforce . 
  not innocent , just hard to reach . 
  no , it tried to do secretive , and [ this ] ( https://ttip-leaks.org/ ) and [ this ] ( https://euobserver.com/news/125270 ) is the result . 
  the eu can not do secretive . 
  ca n't do it do the countries it usually negotiates against at all , and can barely manage it with the public for a bit . 
   and it is unaffected by levels of romanian esteem . 
  can always count on the flair to trigger someone . 
  have you ever payed attention to businesses dividing assets and settling contractual obligations ? 
  it 's not a pretty picture , and it can take years it a court of law involving weird , convoluted logic and heated mutual recrimination . 
  expecting anything else than adversarial negotiations is honestly a bit roze-tinted . 
  the `` adults '' you want everyone to act like would normally be at each other 's throats if this was anything less than high-stakes diplomacy . 
  i suggest you take a more pragmatic approach to the situation , rather than taking the high-ground of the backseat driver , if you do n't want to be disappointed by what will follow . 
   as for not being seen as reliable , she does n't acknowledge the bill because a report from the house of lords concluded it had no legal basis , meaning we do n't have to pay anything that is utterly false . 
  the house of lords did not say it has no legal basis , in fact it admitted they are legally liable under eu treaties to pay . 
  their argument is that once out of the eu , it would be hard to take them to trail over it . 
  so guilty , but beyond the reach of the law . 
  the relevant passages :  the eu treaties are at the pinnacle of the hierarchy of eu law ; all subordinate eu legislation derives from them . 
  once the treaties cease to apply to the uk , all eu legal obligations found in regulations , directives and decisions and other eu acts cease to apply under eu law . 
   this would include the ** uk 's current and future legal obligations ** under the own resources decision , the mff , and the annual budget . 
   the jurisdiction of the cjeu over the uk would also come to an end when the eu treaties ceased to have effect . 
  outstanding payments could not , therefore , be enforced against the uk in the cjeu . 
  but , if ever taken to an international court , the uk falls foul of the treaty agreements and even if the treaties themselves are not considered can be found in breach of a version of promissory estoppel . 
  the uk would be pulling an argentina , and basically refusing to pay it 's debts with international consequences involving international courts and assets seizures . 
  even according to the house of lords , the uk is legally liable for the budgetary promises it has made so the eu is within its legal right to consider those obligations as debts once unpaid . 
  the argument of the house of lords committee is that the eu would spend a long time in court over it , not that they are not liable , and that there is no court with sufficient jurisdiction to actually make them pay which is true in the same way it 's true for argentina . 
   the house of lords was very clear on the subject . 
  the house of lords has not had any ability to rule on the legality of anything since the constitutional reform act 2005 , let alone on eu treaties . 
  while you can argue from authority all you want in the uk , and have people willfully ignore the political appointments and cash for honours scandals that beset that `` chamber of experts '' , it does n't enjoy that esteem outside the island . 
  edit : actually , just read it . 
  according to the lords you do have financial obligations , but their argument is that the uk can get away with it because there is n't a court in the world with juristiction to impose it . 
  so completely guilty , but unnable to take to trial . 
  fantastic how you spun it as `` we do n't owe a thing '' . 
  i ca n't believe you 've all gotten away with that statement so far without someone pointing out what is obviously written down . 
   the eu treaties are at the pinnacle of the hierarchy of eu law ; all subordinate eu legislation derives from them . 
  once the treaties cease to apply to the uk , all eu legal obligations found in regulations , directives and decisions and other eu acts cease to apply under eu law . 
   ** this would include the uk 's current and future legal obligations under the own resources decision , the mff , and the annual budget . 
  **  the jurisdiction of the cjeu over the uk would also come to an end when the eu treaties ceased to have effect . 
  outstanding payments could not , therefore , be enforced against the uk in the cjeu . 
  are you sure about that ? 
   the nebulous bill with its vague and magical calculations and estimates increases every time we do something brussels does n't like . 
  the article states that michael barnier has said no sum has been fixed . 
  and you wo n't be seeing a fixed sum until the end of the negotiations . 
  if you want to do play-by-play commentary of accounting in action , then i invite you to consult better sources . 
  otherwise you 're just winding yourself up over what is essentially complicated bookkeeping that no one thought they would ever do a year ago . 
  honestly , it feels like a lot of poster and , if the media is a clue , the general public really want to feel under attack and are just looking for an excuse to take offense over what is essentially just untangling and settling previous financial promises as would be done under a business arrangement . 
  i imagine it would make `` justified retaliation '' actually feel justified , but honestly it might just be all in your head . 
   how can there even be a bill ? 
  i get maybe in the short term , since there are budgets but the uk has been a net contributor for decades . 
  because the eu does 7 year budgetary frameworks decided by unanimity . 
  this means that it makes financial spending decisions and promises based upon that expected income years in advance and these negotiations will happen right in the middle of such a framework . 
  britain leaving without paying the sum agreed to in the eu budget meetings puts it under `` promissory estoppel '' , a term familiar under the common law system the uk works in . 
  so this `` bill '' is actually an obligation that the uk has made before-hand , as part of the decision making process enshrined in the eu treaties , the eu has subsequently acted on in good faith of that promise being kept , eventually to it 's own detriment now that the uk has reneged on that promise . 
  the british obsession of trying to use literal civil law thinking in deciphering treaty obligation for a leaving state to remove legal liability , is outright wrong if not willfully deceptive since the intergovernmental/international nature of these negotiation apply better to the common law system . 
  and in this case , we have a situation without precedent where we have to make use of that most rare of resources : `` common sense '' . 
  that common sense works beyond the letter of the law , and into the spirit and expectations in which previous agreements and decision were made . 
  to begin with , you 're reading anglo-media theatre . 
  it likes emotive language and facile narratives , it quotes think tanks and hear-say , but in the end , as stated in the article : `` michel barnier , the eu 's chief negotiator , has said no figure will be set until the end of the brexit process '' politico and euractiv , which are by far the best english sources on the eu , and do n't shy away from brussel gossip have not picked it up . 
  so what you 're seeing is the simple logic of the mass-media market : delivering what people want to hear , not what is actually happening . 
  now , that having been said . 
  the eu does not do secretive , it ca n't , it 's physically unable to stop information leaking . 
  so you 're going to see a lot of back and forth over the sums and numbers until it is finalized as the sausage gets made . 
  accounting in action , in other words . 
  so if the sum gets revised , it 's because sums are being made . 
  nobody had a bill ready to deliver to begin with . 
  overall , you 're picked up a particular view-point on the eu 's abilities and process which i do n't think actually reflects the reality . 
  and i also think you 're taken a `` high road '' position that while is safe for you to take as a private citizen , an organization looking for it 's own best interest simply can not take . 
  these negotiations will be adversarial , they can not be any way else due to asset redistributions involved and if these were a business instead of governments we 'd be seeing lawyers tear each other apart right now . 
  by comparison this is extremely tame . 
   while schengen exists in its current form , the eu is responsible for running it , having been tasked to do so by the member states . 
  they ca n't `` give back border control handling '' any more than you can `` give back '' to your employer some of your agreed job tasks , and for the same reason . 
  they actually did this back in 2012 : http://www.euractiv.com/section/justice-home-affairs/news/parliament-boycotts-eu-justice-talks-in-protest-over-schengen/ part of the `` the answer is n't more europe '' movement after 2009 that saw more powers given to the council , and a direct result of an issue regarding migrants passing through italy toward france/germany back in 2011 when italy was finding it difficult to handle the growing refugee crisis and was asking for help ( which came in the mostly useless `` mare nostrum '' operation that saw more migrants delivered to it . ),
