  transylvania feels much better developed , with much nice pre-20th century construction including the country side . 
  while most of our development was linked to communist industrialization . 
  anything that escaped industrialization being left in poverty . 
  this , the adoption of metric , the latinization of turkish , the standardization of plugs . 
  major reforms are not easy , but if done right they stick . 
  people are extremely adaptable . 
  not surprised that a referendum was against it . 
  how do swedes feel about it being ignored ? 
  pretty much a problem with every referendum ever . 
  it 's rule by false dichotomy . 
  i really do n't think countries can be run by yes or no questions . 
  latvia is blank . 
  are there no romanians in latvia ? 
  one of the main arguments of the brexit movement was that the eu was irrelevant since globalization meant the uk could trade freely with the rest of the world . 
  these are the sort of people who despise the cap , do n't mind buying cheap chinese steel , etc. 
  i dont ' t think you 're actually reading any of his posts , because it 's like you 're having a parallel conversation . 
  euro-citizenship does n't exist on its own legally . 
  it 's derived from being a citizen of a memberstate . 
  if you 're not a citizen of a member state , you do n't have euro-citizenship . 
  the uk will not be a member state . 
  there fore being a uk citizen will no longer imply being a eurocitizen , and there 's no constitutional way to change that . 
  i do n't get how you 're not getting that . 
  [ the author in question . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nick_kochan ) after the independent article awhile ago , i 'm not even surprised . 
  i does make me wonder if there is a `` journalism for sale '' business centered in the uk . 
  because this close to election , seems very coincidental that we 're getting these headlines . 
  you 're right , maybe we just got lucky and bought time . 
  if things really go to hell , please remember that a good portion of the country has been fighting these idiots and will keep doing so . 
  how about you actually help give the commission and parliament enough power to do those things , rather than waiting for the secret council meetings to provide answers ? 
  europe needs to stand together . 
  when it comes to the council , nothing worth doing need be done anytime soon . 
  a call to arms as old as vercingetorix and as new as the intermarium , and the same exact response . 
  nothing new under the sun , no lessons learned . 
  i can only see this making sense if the eu asked for a percentage of income for the right , no matter where they are in the world . 
  similar to the us system . 
  but we 've seen the growth of the authoritarian `` illiberal democracies '' in hungary and poland . 
  that 's something i expected we would have had earlier than them . 
  instead they 're turning into one party states , and we 're still enjoying the fruits of sweet political chaos . 
  ... just realized how the distribution of eu citizens would look like in the uk if this became true , and what that implies for its jurisdiction . 
  sometimes , the best thing is to keep quiet . 
  because they 're bloody amazing . 
  i wish more countries did it like this . 
  the only thing that compares is `` tears for sale '' from serbia . 
  i 'm saying to myself they just found a director which is actually competent , and it 's all luck . 
  but i 'm bloody green with envy right now . 
  it 's weird . 
  we do n't really have a major far right following . 
  i do n't know if it 's because the current far right trends sound enough like ceausescu that people would think they were listening to an old recording . 
  or because anyone stupid enough to get nationalistic has to struggle with the whole `` unite with moldova '' thing . 
  or whatever . 
  and it 's not for the lack of loonies either . 
  we 've got loonies . 
  it 's an auction website ? 
  why does it fund these shorts ? 
  allegro has been on fire lately . 
  how the hell do they manage it ? 
  and can they expand into the rest of e.e. 
  please ? 
  the thing is that eu states are geopolitically bankrupt . 
  they have no clue what to do , and who to back , and are unwilling to form a new axis along which the region can align to . 
  so they get lead by the nose by whoever seems like they have a plan . 
  does n't matter who it is , although it helps if they 're buying weapons from us . 
  not really . 
  i mean , militarization fetishism has been popular over diverse strata . 
  the american sovereigntist movement , and other such local milita movement being an example . 
  they see some form of armed service as emblematic of individual ability , and local armed service as a check against the larger federal community . 
  and america has seen fight against outgroups in the way of `` private clubs '' and vigilante movements . 
  the know nothing and the kkk being the best known . 
  i 'd argue individualism vs corporatism seems to happen in parallel to identity mechanism , and merely imply organizational methods . 
  there 's a lot to say about how the ideologies behave . 
  perhaps the only thing that can be said for certain is that high-individualism societies see the state as existing parallel to community , while corporatists see the state as an extension of the community . 
  edit : also , i 'd like to remind you that until thatcher came , the uk was firmly in the corporatist territory . 
  in fact far more than any other western country at the time , having nationaliszed industry , extremely strong unions , still maintaining church representation in the state and so on . 
  in many ways , it still is using a form of class system . 
  debatable actually . 
  on a scale , the continent is moving more towards the individualistic , but still has communal/corporatist elements . 
  our welfare states and representative system are founded on the idea of communal responsibility . 
  it 's been one of those little fibs of the modern era that laisez-faire capitalism , democracy and individualism go hand in hand . 
  when in fact , we 've seen the kibutzim in israel do the exact opposite while maintaining democratic representation , as well as the development of ordoliberalism , dirigism and the nordic model on the continent . 
  europe might debatably stand apart in the western world . 
  i tried , i really did . 
  but the post is like a tangled ball of misunderstanding . 
  yes , europe tends to be more `` corporatist '' , as it was once called . 
  law of jante , christian democracy , worker cooperatives , and so on . 
  but the amount of assumptions you make as well as complete misunderstanding of the eu is truly impressive . 
  you genuinely believe that it 's some form of quasi-dictatorship . 
  and to say that democracy is based on `` everyone is different '' , which is irrelevant actually , and then say `` because the uk sees itself as different it makes sense to remove itself '' from what is a voting block of the eu is self-contradicting . 
  i just do n't know how to tackle it . 
  i do n't really blame , i see the media being played by people who 've figured it out . 
  boris , farage and trump have made careers out of making the sort of statements that are ludicrous enough that they get instant coverage . 
  they 're actively playing a system that encourages `` click bait '' statements . 
  trump even said on air that he could phrase it better , but they 're not going to talk about that better phrasing , they 're going to talk about the way he says things right now . 
  nobody wants a boring sensible answer . 
  nobody is going to pour hours into interpreting a well-spoken statement . 
  and fact-checking is lost to page 5 of google search , while the dailymail ad hufpost get their click count up . 
  the incredible part is how the media either does n't seem to realize how they 're been played , or do n't care . 
  in what terms ? 
  legally it 's a semi-presidential system , both are given matching powers and check each other . 
  the pm answers to the parliament and the president to the people , at least in theory . 
  traditionally , cohabitation is a bit of an issue .
