  why did he seek exception from the eppo , while lecturing romania on corruption ? 
  and if you 're talking about the ukraine referendum , well then , let me offer you my congratulations . 
  the meaningless reasoning behind the referendum delayed it by months as he had to make up some equally meaningless demands as everyone tryed to figure out if the dutch public actually had any actually reasoning there to begin with at all , and place some worrying language in the treaty which further weakened our position in ukraine . 
  i 'm getting the impression that the dutch actually have no clue at all about what is actually going on , or there is one dutch redditor with a ton of sock-puppets being equally clueless among them . 
   rutte is very pro eu and does whatever brussel tells him to . 
  as someone who actually views the ministerial meetings in the eu , you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  rutte could n't give a rats ass about the eu . 
  he may be pro-eu to you . 
  but that would just mean he does n't want it gone tomorrow . 
  let 's not hope , it clouds our vision . 
  we do , it 's going to happen , there 's no doubt about that . 
  we might delay it but it 's going to happen . 
  i 'm just going to have to say that no one likes when someone wealthy asks to be respected because he helps pave the roads . 
  i might be wrong , maybe western europe is more ok with the rich lording it over how much you owe them for them being rich . 
  but , to me , it would be sheer arrogance and exceptionalism coming from someone lucky enough to be born on the other side of the wall . 
  whatever , ignore me . 
  i 'm having someone that likely votes for their representative on the council and parliament telling me about how undemocratic it is , so it was a loosing battle on my side to being with . 
  oh , right , this clearly is just about the eu and its attempt to grab power . 
  i must be shilling for belgium , and opposing the poor , powerless national leaders that have run the eurozone , schengen , the borders , the ukraine crisis , dieselgate , and so on , right into the ground . 
  russia sent an armed force into macedonia to cause a revolution . 
  they 're backing the serbian-kosovo dispute . 
  they 're funding russian-friendly parties . 
  and turkey is holding a tap on the migrants and bombing syria , while trying to create tensions with it 's foreign national . 
  and the us is spying on our leaders and asking us to buy more of their equipment or else . 
  and china is flooding us with steel , and twisting political arms using investment in national industries . 
  this is happening . 
  this is n't some conspiracy , this is us telling you we need a firefighting brigade when we start seeing smoke . 
  and you 're in denial . 
  some sheltered westerner , who thinks the 1990s are still here , thinking in a little eurobubble where the eu is the big bad . 
  the eu is a bloody kitten , we 're surrounded by tigers . 
  it ca n't even tell volkswagen what to do . 
  too much of a `` national prerogative '' to check that companies are obeying the law . 
  edit : not joking btw , the volkswagen ceo actually wrote to juncker : `` in our view , it is not within the competence of the commission to enforce european consumer rights , '', 
  but evidence was n't planted specifically to suggest that . 
  trying to stay away from any argument that would invoke fear would , at this point , involve large amounts of wilful denial . 
  the person you responded to was n't wrong . 
  we 're facing outright coordinated hostility , and heading towards a precipice . 
  and this is after failing miserably with the current system at dealing with difficulties that were n't a result of adversarial planning , and being told to shut up and stop the `` eurofanaticism '' . 
  it 's happening , it 's there , if it was n't we would n't be arguing with this much fervor . 
  how are we supposed to ignore the danger , when arguing to avoid it ? 
  for what exactly ? 
  the system currently in place is that the council of national leaders manages everything , and the eu does the paperwork . 
  yes that 's flawed . 
  but a warning about giving the eu more power ? 
  how about any power at all ? 
  remember the luxemburg compromise and eurosclerosis ? 
   scaremongering people into more power to the current eu is only going to do more harm than good in the long run . 
  we 've had 10 years of `` the answer is n't more europe '' . 
  ten years of disasters , special meetings , chaos and scapegoating . 
  ten years of russian antagonism and us spying , of failing borders and failing economies . 
  and you 're still trying to sell this , like none of that happened ? 
  you 've won , this is the result , does it not suit you ? 
  did i mention russia or trump once in my post ? 
  but ofcourse , mentioning murdoch is `` manipulative '' since it does n't service the `` russophobia '' angle of your defense . 
  btw , asking for public statements to be factual is not censorship . 
  the moment you get on the soap-box , you 're under public scrutiny and held to a higher standard . 
  that 's the price of power . 
  but that would be russophobia , which is a result of clear media manipulation here by not providing sufficient alternative facts to balance out the clear bias . 
  on a side-note : there apparently was also an attempt to blame it on anti-fascists . 
  wonderful example of a failed false flag overall . 
  trying to scapegoat muslims and anti-facsists ? 
  the_donald would love this guy . 
   that 's exactly what the russian government said before censoring most foreign media in russia . 
  except no one is actually censoring anyone here , are we ? 
  we 're asking for the traditional journalist professional standards to be upheld . 
  they were good enough 30 years ago , and they 've not aged so badly that we can bin them . 
  the kind of stuff , like believing unsourced statements about the eu 's inner workings ? 
  this is the second time this month that the times pulls this shit . 
  going to call it again : breibart , the telegraph , and the other usual suspects will quote this one article as `` proof '' in the following days . 
  no actual follow up will happen , no respectable media will pick it up , but it confirms prejudice which is good enough . 
  you do n't have a right to yell `` fire '' in a theater whenever you want . 
  and police are also used to restrict freedom in tyranies , should we get rid of police as well ? 
  in a world where corporate interests and foreign powers can buy airtime to yell `` fire '' whenever they find convenient , the american-like obsession that the state is the source of all evil is dangerous . 
  we 're not a playground for whoever can afford a tv channel and a social media department , let 's not become one . 
  you ca n't go around saying `` most media companies engage in similar tactics '' uncritically and then suggest everyone can spew any bullshit they damn please . 
  any public channel that seeks to inform has a responsability to the public . 
  it has it regarding fact , regarding incitement , regarding privacy . 
  and in most of continental europe there are clear restrictions regarding that . 
  restrictions that will likely be applied to new media where one person with a hundred social media and sock puppets accounts can now set the message . 
  while the `` leniant attitude '' shtick might have won in the countries where ruppert murdoch can create a media empire out of telling pork pies , and judges get called `` the enemy of the people '' while newspapers hack people 's phones , the rest of the world does n't have to repeat the mistake . 
   you do realize the sacrifices western europe made for the east ? 
  go on ... 
   know your place no . 
  let 's be honest , the netherlands avoided wilders by becoming more like him . 
  rutte pretty much is finding his inner wilders every opportunity he gets now . 
  and considering the ukraine vote , it 's pretty clear they do n't think russia is anything of relevance to them . 
  we 're going to get broken . 
  we have no allies outside the eu and a lot of defectors inside the eu , and we 're still operating on `` everything is going to be just fine '' wishful thinking . 
  mna , translated : hungarian national party . 
  we 're fighting a shadow war with russia , with the `` clash of civilization '' folk replacing the communist as a fifth column . 
  we just do n't seem to know it . 
   honestly the eu should stop with saying stuff like this . 
  it 's like when a man catches his ex-gf cheating and the woman begs him to take her back . 
  it 's an epp man . 
  they 're the worshipers and disciples of the status quo and the disgusting political compromise . 
  they 're the party of political careerists who could n't cut it in the private sector . 
  they 're the party that embraces orban , oetinger , berlusconi , fillon and barosso . 
  if the uk media did n't start brexit on such a sour note , they 'd be lining up to give the uk whatever it wants . 
  now that enough time has past , they 're returning to that . 
  you do live on an island do n't you ?
