  and any attempt at a european answer to keep the germans in will be stillborn . 
  yeah , the status quo has ended , and the previous status quo has begun again . 
  and everyone now has to go back to picking what kind of military equipment to buy for their protection : american or russian . 
  bringing those manufacturing jobs back again , as `` allies '' get the hint . 
  i highly doubt that . 
  i think you 're under estimating both our collective and individual international weakness . 
  honestly , all everyone is telling me is that it is possible , and it would amazing . 
  although , it seems the ice is far thinner than in the past , and channels are constantly being made for ships ... stupid modernity . 
  i remember back when people were asking germany to get more involved in leading the eurozone and europe in general . 
  as well as the 5 years after that , when the germans were systematically bashed for getting too involved in leading the eurozone and europe in general . 
  i expect same results here , german re-arms , a bunch of kaczy\u0144ski-like politicians will start fear mongering over the german army next door . 
  we could , as was 5 years ago , suggest that instead of germany , the eu institutions lead a push . 
  but the same people will cry sovereignty , sabotage any move , and spend the next 5 years complaining the eu is failing them by doing nothing . 
  so let 's do nothing . 
  there is no winning here . 
   hmm . 
  not so sure about russophilia . 
  perhaps it 's more prevalent in some of the former-eastern block countries , and i have n't noticed ? 
  it seems to be absolutely endemic in the self-styled left in italy , germany , france and even the uk . 
  i do n't get if it 's a holdover from the cold war , or simply `` i dislike capitalism , the us is capitalist , russia is not friendly with the us , i therefore like russia '' sort of thinking . 
  it actually makes eastern europeans a bit worried , and tending to prefer the right-wing western politicians although even the right wing are warming up to russia 's war in the middle east . 
  they 've literally got two opposing sides ideological invested in getting along with it . 
   meanwhile we 're making plans to get another pipeline for oil/gas , but from israel and cyprus . 
  and we 're switching to green energy as fast as we can . 
  so russia 's economic chokehold , as dubious as it already was , will weaken even further . 
  the pipeline will never happen . 
  i 've seen nabucco come and go , and that was when things were going well . 
  this will fail as surely as that . 
  and green energy does not replace gas , little can . 
  we 've already trying to perfect smart grids to take into account the failures of green energy in giving predictable and manageable loads . 
   asks some interesting questions on `` what is power in the first place ? '', 
  read it , and good points aside , it does the european thing of trying to excuse weakness . 
  regulatory influence is nice , but realpolitik is necessary . 
  we used to do the same by praising `` soft power '' , and you know what happened to that ? 
  10 years of crisis and failure as we scrambled powerless in front of outside forces . 
  we need hard power , diplomatic acuity , and strategic imagination . 
  that is the ground all other forms of power grow from . 
  there are no substitutes , and we need to stop this `` glass not quite empty '' thinking . 
  same with a local media industry . 
  and they always overshoot with all sorts of expensive projects where neither the talent or the investors want to go to , and changing little in the bureaucratic hurdles to jump through . 
  i expect we 'll more coming out of berlin , which actually has the right elements in place to see an it industry boom , although i 've been told the bureaucracy leaves something to be desired . 
  well you say that . 
  but atlanticism is the political norm in europe , and it survived nixon , bush and bush just fine and will continue on . 
  same with political russophilia in left wing politics throughout europe . 
  and both factions are painfully and hypocritcaly `` sovereigntists '' , because both the american 's and russian 's like giving their vassals some illusion of freedom by making the demands behind close doors . 
  europe , much like a trained animal , needs a master it seems . 
  well , you 're right there . 
  we need a revolving door for how many times they change . 
  might as well created a special commissioner for british affairs who 's sole job is trying to figure out what they want this time . 
  how about no , and we do n't indulge indecision the same way it was done back 40 years ago . 
  the uk could have signed the treaty of rome , but did n't and instead created efta . 
  then it tried to leave its creation 3 times , until the french gave in . 
  now they decided they did n't really wanted it and are back out again . 
  why in the name of sanity would we play along with another change of heart ? 
  if any other country tried this , they 'd be pressured into backing a statement or abstaining . 
  and i 'm sure that there still is n't any official policy in the white house to actually push through the g7 , or else we would have heard of it . 
  simply put , the rest of the members have just admitted that the us ca n't make up it 's mind and without the us 's rubber stamp , they ca n't say anything . 
  this is international power politics , dressed up as diplomacy . 
  except the main power is currently having a schizophrenic moment . 
  us says jump , europe asks how high . 
  us says stay , europe says ok . we 're sovereign countries we swear , when the us is n't there . 
  maybe , but looking at the basescu-ponta battle , i 'd say the semi-presidential system also helped a lot . 
  we have a culture enamored with `` being the boss '' , and gave it two equal and conflicting positions of authority , and had one be cut off from their party officially . 
  i think that set us up for a continued `` battle of the autocrats '' , as they tried to upstage and undo each other , and so preventing any one person being able to dominate for long . 
  and because you ca n't upturn the status quo in one election , your victory is never complete . 
  we took a pit of snakes , and gave them something to kill each other over . 
  they both hide behind `` let the people decide '' when it comes to the eu . 
  and they both came out incredibly pro french-only protectionism , as well as russian rapprochement . 
  the difference to me seemed to be that lepen relied heavily on the immigration angle , and came off weak when actually putting forward any concrete idea of what she wanted to achieve . 
  while m\u00e9lenchon talked like someone who actually believed the things he was saying and had quite a clear concept of where he was going with it . 
  immigration and public speaking competence seems to be the main divide . 
  holy shit , i have just found my new favorite thing . 
   but yeah probably if m\u00e9lenchon picks up more steam it 's macron who will lose points . 
  this sounds weird to me as an outsider since m\u00e9lenchon seems to have nailed the style and rhetoric le pen tries to mimic . 
  he actually has an idea of how to go about doing the things lepen tries to imply she wants . 
  seeing the debates , i genuinely have no idea why you 'd vote lepen when he is there . 
  i think it 's a bit unfair to lay it down on the eu when all the failure was intergovernmental . 
  the euro might have helped greek debt get to the point it did , but the resulting actions were all done as if it did n't exist . 
  governments got together , gave out a loan , and then started making demands . 
  like it was the 19th century , minus the threats of war . 
  the non-euro countries were afraid of eurozone leadership , pushed to not have it integrated into the eu , and the result was the eurogroup which to this day is a seperate institution . 
  same goes for asylum , borders , migration . 
  think tanks expected some integration since 2007 , it never came . 
  the results were n't an eu failure , the migration went thorugh turkey , macedonia , and serbia , as non-eu countries and mimicked the yugoslavian refugee crisis back in 1992 , as did the resulting negotiations . 
  it was the exact same problems , the exact same complaints , the exact same solutions , only with brown people . 
  over all , the eu is being blamed for the failures of the old systems of intergovernmental negotiations . 
  it was neither expected or asked to interfere , it was in fact pushed aside in favour of `` less europe '' . 
  that mantra was repetead continuously since 2008 , `` the answer is n't more europe '' , why even pretend the eu was expected to do anything but go away ? 
  this is why i think we 'll see a return to russian , american and turkish hegemony . 
  nobody wants to admit to what has failed , they lay the blame on the eu , while continuing the very nationally obsessed policy making that has continued leading us to failure after failure . 
  the whole continent is in nationalistic denial . 
  somehow i feel like you 're getting your worldview from the americans . 
  there really is n't a `` international leftist media '' , the media is still largely national , or atleast heavily divided on linguistic lines . 
  admitedly , there are quite a few large anglosphere media empires , but considering a major player in them is richard murdoch calling it `` leftist '' is not quite hitting the mark . 
  and honestly , the things you 're claiming orban 's media is against is ... i do n't know , puerile . 
  it 's huffington post , vice , breibart , and infowars territory . 
  it 's the war of carebears and cucktards , trying to value signal to their ingroup . 
  the big media empire do n't get involved in that because most adults do n't care . 
  i do n't yet know how true this is , but i think once we left the `` flying saucer and spirit animal '' tabloid media behind as it went out of fashion , we invited the crazies to colonize mainstream issues with their weird opinions and this is the result . 
  this entire `` tumblrista culture war '' , and the politics it sparked .
