  it 's not like it is n't already happening with existing members , i can only imagine what they 'll get away with away from continental oversight . 
  home country , i 'm active during election , thanks for reminding me i should get a party membership . 
  current country , i 'm a member of the centrist liberal party . 
  i 've learned to stay out of politics most of the time by now , been on the loosing side more often than not , and it 's stressful . 
  next country i go to , i 'll stick to volunteering , you can feel like you 're making an improvement that way instead of re-enacting sisyphus . 
  this is the issue , we 've assumed that societal participation is inherently economic participation , but it 's far from it . 
  me working in a cafe does n't actually help me make friends , or learn about the country , give me a feeling of actually being a local , or give me pride in what i do . 
  people require meaning , a sense of importance of belonging , and a symbol of their non-selfish participation in society . 
  i 've travelled a bit , and for me this has been an issue . 
  i 've tried volunteering the best i can , but that has always been a bit hit and miss . 
  i 've also participated in university clubs because their main reason for exisiting is to give people who 've just moved in to study a place to socialize and , you know , do stuff . 
  if i was christian , and this is something i suggest to anyone who is , i would 've joined the nearest church and started going , well , religiously . 
  but all those solutions are hacky , non-obvious attempts at trying to integrate yourself into the social fabric . 
  it 's not enough , especially when you 're dealing with people who never tried before . 
  the biggest complaints of african and middle east migrants is that they do n't know what integration means or how to do it . 
  the fact that they then gravitate to enclaves and mosques is unsuprising considering this . 
  all of europe has to take another approach to social cohesion and meaningful participation , especially as the shallow economic participation of the `` me-first '' society is going to die out with automation . 
  in this , the conservative/reactionary desire for family/religion/militarism has an advantage as it speaks to that neglect . 
  got to love the biological mutualism of it . 
  the territories give the uk government deniability , and the uk government creates favourable regulations for the territories . 
   as far as i know the dutch position is `` we will stop once we make eu wide regulations . '', 
  we are fine with stopping it all together as long as everybody else does the same . 
  as someone currently interested in the european public prosecutor office , i 've been tearing my hair out listening to your government . 
  it literally does n't want it to happen , and if it does it does n't want it to manage inter-state tax fraud . 
  i do n't know what you 're hearing in nl , but on the european stage they keep suggesting weak `` would n't it be nice '' regulation , while preventing concrete move to fighting fiscal fraud . 
   he also makes an appeal for progressive patriotism which is to say that national pride and identity is something which is part of the progressive movement . 
  newcomers should accept basic values such as freedom of speech and religion in order to be accepted in society . 
  progressive patriotism has been a component of the liberal/left wing movement since the american and french revolutions . 
  the actual debate has always been one of exclusive vs inclusive patriotism , usually exemplified in europe and america in the form of ethno vs civic nationalism . 
  i 'm glad to see someone picking up the standard again , but he ca n't do it without accepting the endemic failure in western societies : the inability of someone who wants to participate in society to find avenues to do so . 
  modern society can be a particularly isolating experience , and left wing/progressive leaders need to make a more fundamental case for a participatory society if all their other platforms are to succeed . 
  citizenship costs 1000 pounds if i remember it right , which is a pretty penny . 
  same reason why the mona lisa is considered some masterpiece , andy worhol was right , and damn him for it . 
  anybody who was in scotland years ago , knows it extends beyond the news website . 
  [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/enrddaf3uss ) 's a bbc news report on an alex salmon press conference , [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/rhmlb-ribrm ) 's the actual moment of the press conference . 
  there might be a left/right balance being kept , not saying there is n't , but when labour and conservative supporters in the bbc find common ground on a bias , they push it . 
  with political editors such as nick robinson and faces such as jeremy paxman , i can only imagine the constant struggle of the bbc to stick to the left of people like andrew neil edit : oh , forgot robert preston , how could i forget robert preston , the man who destroyed my faith in the bbc . 
  likely same stylistic choice as the pompidou center . 
  neoclassical is like a rash you can never get rid of . 
  it always comes back periodically to signal the decline of any actual artistic or functional merit in the field . 
  once , just once , i wish someone would try to bring back art deco , or even gothic , but no . 
  none-the-less the tool is there . 
  and you 're right , france might take insult to it . 
  unless it 's linked to giving strasbourg the european medicine agency , as it already requested . 
  it 's a weird initiative to make , but it 's there to be made . 
  actually gave this some thought . 
  best way is media attention . 
  do you think a european citizen 's initiative on this would be popular ? 
  the darker elements of the pegida network , the austrian identitarians and , for reasons that still escape me , the people in die linke might do it for free and eagerly . 
  i do n't believe any agency that gave andrew neil the brexit interviews can be called `` pro-remain biased '' . 
  my two cents . 
  what can i say ? 
  nature has provided us with a dark sense of humour , and a very clear sense of history . 
  they 'll point that it 's the bbc , which is never possibly biased . 
  next up from them : `` british economy still splendid '' , `` scotland is poor and snp are useless '' , and `` look how we 're not paying any attention to northern ireland , ho hum '' . 
  would n't be surprised if it 's now technically classified as a lake , and no longer appear on non-topographic maps . 
  ok , i 'm not disagreeing , in fact it advantages me because local companies usually have survived through corruption rather than competence . 
  but there are larger issues linked to the benefits of existing industries to leverage markets of scale , while nascent industries in eastern europe flounder trying to start up , and how that entrenches a system where eastern europe is a customer market while the revenues are taxed in and benefit germany . 
  just fyi , to round out the debate on how that is perceived . 
  ok , a few months into his term , what is the feeling on the ground about thus guy ? 
  being against the travelling circus , is n't being against france . 
  it 's being against waste . 
  and while i have no attachment to belgium , i recognise that keeping the meps away from the other institutions might not be a good idea . 
  edit : actually , i do n't even get how i `` shitted on france '' . 
  labour pretty much takes the regions it does well in for granted . 
  people there always vote labour , because they 'll never vote conservative , party tribalism being what it is especially after thatcher . 
  so they can do whatever , and not fear getting outvoted . 
  the joke is you can put a red rosette on a monkey , and still get them elected . 
  every person who wants to milk the public budget goes labour knowing this , so that 's who they get . 
  because of that labour regions are infested with incompetence , petty rivalries and outright corruption . 
  i 've seen it in scotland , where edinburgh had 3 different corruption issues in 3 years ( garbage contracts , building repair contracts , and the tram ) , and in [ glasgow ] ( http://www.heraldscotland.com/news/14536336.investigation_into_allegations_of_council_corruption_intensifies/ ) it 's outright endemic . 
  on the scottish stage , all the good labour politicians have head to westminster to continue their careers , everyone left behind is the bottom of the barrel and the last 4 scottish labour leaders have had little going for them except pity . 
  i could go on , but that 's the short of it . 
  the british have achieved more than you give them credit for . 
  they were key in separating the eurozone from the eu , who 's result we 've seen . 
  they were also key in steering common security measures away from europe , and towards nato/five eyes . 
  and the desire for consensus politics can not take priority over doing what must be done , and saying what must be said . 
  the call for `` consensus politics , not divisiveness '' in europe , has in many ways become a request to do nothing . 
  we 've seen top politicians from italy , germany and france come to the defence of russian policy . 
  and we 've seen no response to the macedonian interference . 
  the interest of russia is for core europa to discconect from the rest of the continent . 
  to this end , the politics of core europe will likely become one of `` perpetual forgiveness and blindness '' , as russia keep `` securing it 's sphere of influence '' and the rest accepting that it costs too much to do anything about it . 
  meanwhile , american support will become more critical as those very leaders seek assurances they have protection . 
  everyone wins from a disintegrated continent , except us . 
  cleave the union into competing chauvinist interests , and divide rivals into spheres of influence . 
  spread disinformation using both state and commercial players to never allow a point of view to make headway , if they do n't support it using their authority . 
  support majoritist autocracies that provide indirect avenues of disinformation and political instability , in return for their own siege-mentality narrative and various political favours . 
  basically turn us into the caucuses , where we 're all at each other 's throats and they are holding the leash . 
  edit : btw , for romania this has already begun . 
  the uk europhobic media has picked up a corrupt millionaire called adamescu and is using him to hurl accusation against the romanian state to excuse his corruption charges and failing businesses , while undermining the anti-corruption agency and `` the government '' , which to them is every party in romania . 
  not really , large corporation are naturally attracted to placing their hqs next to the political center of a region/country . 
  more out of perception and marketing , but also out of a desire to be close to legislators and government employees . 
  the european medicines agency , in london , and the european banking authority , also in london . 
  do n't laugh , they 're working very hard to make sure their vision of us comes true . 
  [ the trump-putin pact regarding the new division of europe . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/02/cold_war_europe_military_alliances_map_en.png ), 
  the man was being sarcastic . 
  also , '' / s '' at the end of a line denotes sarcasm , since honestly poe 's law has become the norm now . 
  and i will never understand why wales has such a weak devolved government . 
  or why they keep voting labour .
