  we are either a weak dependent clusterfuck , or a strong terrible bully . 
  depending on what narrative is being pushed , when and to who . 
  from the same place that brought us orwell 's 1984 . , 
  i know , but the public image is that the dutch are more politically aware than that . 
  as a , well , `` eurofanatic '' . 
  i do n't mind . 
  i like it when people are clear about their intentions to our continent , and `` let it crumble , let it burn '' is as honest as it gets . 
  there 's a lot that needs to reform , a lot that needs to be done , and we need to keep such opinions in mind . 
  also , this is n't that sort of sub . 
  you might want something along the lines of / r/the _ cheeto . 
  edit ; bloody hell , somebody actually made / r/the _ cheeto into an actual sub . 
  do the dutch public even know of the eppo ? 
  is this actually giving them political support ? 
   it 's clear to everyone that you are a cultist indy supporter though , so i wo n't bother pursuing this any further . 
  heh , could n't have managed with insulting me . 
  no worries , it was all good back-and-forth . 
  now go and eat your cereal . 
  really , is that the standard we 're holding up to leaving a union now ? 
  could have fooled me . 
  how about : it gives scotland the opportunity to join the biggest economic market in the world on it 's own terms , and also increases it 's political representation in europe ? 
  or , for maximum humour : it allows scotland to govern itself , free from a government it did n't elect and faceless mandarins . 
  the name alone is now so cringeworthy in hindsight . 
  british officials are actually screaming `` liberation '' and `` independence day '' , while the media is making braveheart jokes at scotland 's expense . 
  after years of arguing that the economy is important to staying , you have people saying `` it 's not about money , it 's about sovereignty '' . 
  the sheer hypocrisy is mind numbing . 
  it 's like a dark surrealist joke . 
  [ here 's a summary of the situation as the commission sees it , and the eppo ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-13-709_en.htm ) the short answer : the eu can not investigate and prosecute missuse of money , except through a weak organization called olaf that makes suggestions to governments from several countries away . 
  national governments do n't mind their friends having their mouth 's on the eu 's tit , so they ignore it and continue on . 
  in romania we actually have a problem absorbing those funds because the anti-corruption agency watches like a hawk , but then the government does n't place any effort in having their citizens use it properly , so it just sits there . 
  as of this moment , the eppo is being created to prosecute those fraudsters , but it 's hitting serious opposition from : the netherlands , greece , hungary and poland . 
  * * those last three , btw , biggest net receivers of eu funds . 
  god knows why the `` very strict and law abiding '' dutch are blocking it , despite complaining about the fraud , and the romanian goverment , as well as spain and italy with their own anti-corruption fights are supporting it and in fact fear that it 's too weak . 
  if not ireland , then denmark , or sweden , or finland , or iceland . 
  small countries with no oil , that have a better quality of life than scotland despite that . 
  you ca n't keep making the future of scotland only about the snp , and their plans . 
  there are countless views and plans waiting for their opportunity to shine , and all of them are silenced so that the entire country can follow may 's plan to turn it into a tax heaven at worst , a london-centric financial nexus at best , while engaging in public spending cuts as the north continues its decline . 
  there 's a very real problem that oil keeps scotland on life support , and away from joining the north of england in becoming the `` northern powerhouse '' ( full sarcasm intended ) of the uk , but that 's not going to last , and no one in westminster seems keen on tackling the poverty they cause . 
  french wines , italian prosseco , and now scottish whiskey . 
   occasionally it 's tempting to think that some believe our entire geopolitical and trade system rests on us trading alcohol to each other . 
   i do live in scotland and recognise it would be a total fucking disaster . 
  have lived in scotland , and the biggest danger is becoming ireland . 
  [ which would apparently be an upgrade . 
  ] ( http://www.gov.scot/resource/0049/00495208.pdf ), 
  are you seriously calling me ignorant because i did n't go out of my way to mention auxiliary roles of an embassy ? 
  scrapping the bottom of the barrel are n't we . 
  while you might entertain a grander view of the diplomatic arm . 
  as a lowly non-g7 citizen , my ambassadorial expectations are more `` meat and potatoes '' , less `` bells and whistles '' . 
  as it is for most of the world . 
  it 's nice to see you realize the practicalities actually involved in the situation . 
  the uk is a country built on pragmatic interpretation , i believe you realize that economist stability and prosperity takes precedence , especially considering our recent experiences . 
  and that the lines of text regarding joining is a dedication to solidarity , not a rule with punishment involved to those that do n't . 
  but , despite that , you went ahead and outright deceived people , riding on a strict interpretation you could defend on a technicality . 
  and that is not the only point you 've done that on . 
  all the while using the euro as a `` boogeyman '' , banking on the previous deception of others involved in scaremongering around the eu . 
  you 're actively and wilfully engaging in intellectual dishonesty , simply to push an agenda . 
   not to mention the public would have to be convinced of signing on to the euro at some point . 
  i do n't have time to tackle everything else , but this is an easy one . 
  no one is in any hurry to force countries into the euro . 
  it 's completely voluntary . 
  signed : country outside the euro trying to get in . 
  not that anything else you said hits the mark , but that 's the one thing which is so laughably inacurate that you have to wonder if actual thinking has been involved in writing the points . 
  or if there is a `` anti-independence '' guide you just copy-paste . 
  edit : although i have to give a slow clap for using the uk 's exit from the single market to support the dangers of going independent . 
  truly a work of art to turn self-imposed disaster into a advantage . 
  i ca n't help but appreciate the skill involved at gaslighting an entire country . 
  i said the `` massive embassy system '' , not `` any embassy system '' . 
  but now that you mention it , since eu embassies support each other 's nationals , scotland might decide to forgo it 's share of the assets which it has claim to in that case until it builds it 's own on a more appropriate scale . 
   everything you 've said here is painfully inaccurate . 
  just like everything spewed out by the old nat brigade . 
  you 're one to talk . 
  i 'm tired of the dedication to use lies and non-sequitors to win arguments in the uk . 
  either when it comes to the eu or scotland , the constant misinformation and will-full ignorance is appalling . 
  saying stuff like trident , the massive embassy system , or the lords as well as the rest of whitehall is something scotland would duplicate is massively naive . 
  scotland does not have the ambitions of the uk , it does n't need to maintain a blue water navy , or host the g7 . 
  also , the `` relatively small contribution '' to the uk budget , would likely do well enough for itself . 
  we do n't even really know how much that is , because the tax system is n't properly devolved . 
  right now though , scotland is sending money down south , and then paying whitehall to send it all of it back as a `` grant '' while expecting a `` thank you '' , which is sort of ludicrous . 
  not really , because in the `` imaginary deficit '' , a lot of uk-wide costs are calculated , such as military , diplomatic and bureaucratic spending . 
  this means that when boris johnson gets a plane to new york , the scottish budget deficit increases . 
  when a lord gets a drink from one of the subsidized bars , the budget deficit increases . 
  in reality , scotland can not have a real budget deficit , because it ca n't borrow . 
  it always has to have a balanced budged . 
  hence my use of the word `` imaginary '' . 
  at no point in the accession acquis is a `` budget limit '' mentioned . 
  you ca n't spread misinformation like that . 
  and you should be ashamed for trying . 
   i was asked if i would like a denmark to the eider . 
  and of course i would , that 's clear . 
   that said , as he points out that `` nothing in history is stationary '' : so , the `` it 's joke '' defence . 
  i 'm not quite sure i trust that . 
  edit : to expand , people who are actually joking , do n't then immediatly follow it up with , `` but seriously , i would n't mind , and who knows what might happen with time '' . 
  if it does as something stronger is created , then i say it 's worth it . 
  i 'm not with the rest of eastern europe in reliving the polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  we need a system that works , one that has laws not geopolitics . 
  and this intergovernmentalist tin-pot king setup is not giving us that . 
  have you actually checked the truth of that before saying it . 
  because you might want to do some research there , dude . 
  edit : to get you started : https://stats.bls.gov/opub/mlr/2000/06/art1full.pdf, 
  not really , if people want higher wages , joining the army is n't the way to go . 
  they can always find better paying work outside the country .
