  but the us is a pretty bad example to compare to . 
  it 's a form of `` council replication '' . 
  you see it everywhere , frontex , europol , eppo etc , where governing boards made of national representatives are placed in charge of organization to secure state representation . 
  it 's awful . 
  truth is that national governments choose the commissioners any way they please though , and appoint them . 
  a government can easily hold a vote , national or parliamentary , and place the resulting candidate as their commissioner . 
  that they do n't do so says a lot . 
  commission or council ? 
  commission does n't do anything without council initiative . 
  i actually want the name of the national leaders on the council who wanted negotiations to continue . 
  same with ttip . 
  same with the people who stood against the commission enforcing the visa equalization requirement for eu passports in the us . 
  there is a deep rot in the national governments , and its name is `` foreign appeasement '' . 
  the privacy shield is dead !, 
  now give us the names of the idiots in the national governments and eu that kept resurrecting the damn thing , despite being warned repeatedly that this exact thing will happen . 
  why ? 
  i 'm being serious , why ? 
  we 're welfare states , by and large . 
  we 've sort of accepted that higher unemployment is better than trying to shove physics graduates into coffee making part-time for tips . 
  i do n't think that 's a bad thing , just needs good management . 
  it 's the 1980s and the plaza accords all over again . 
  it 's like being stuck on some sort of weird time loop . 
  i 'd have thought a pan-european party apparatus , to get an opposition going , if the ngo attack did n't show that no one cares about foreigners having an effect on the country . 
  whatever happens , it looks like it all depends on the hungarians . 
  except that statue , i think anyone can do something about that statue . 
  for those who were wondering how the us looks on a per-state level , found this : http://www.usgovernmentspending.com/compare_state_spending_2016bz0a alaska and north dakota are absolutely tragic . 
  they should leave the union , and get their own currency . 
  at this point , one has to wonder why the german government has n't started an official investigation into why db is such a mess . 
   because optimal currency area , and you know it . 
  there 's a difference between saying that countries should/can have different currencies and that cities within countries should have different currencies . 
  you 're comparing two things that are not comparable at all , and you know it . 
  are you going to tell me russia and the us are optimum currency areas ? 
  or london and newcastle ? 
  seriously , why are n't y' all going around trying to break up other currencies and leave ours alone . 
   i do n't mind a pan-eu currency , but it needs to be backed by fiscal transfers or else it 's absolute shit . 
  and that 's what we all on the `` integrationist '' side are pushing for , including disbanding the eurogroup , creating a finance commissioner , and improving financial unions , but we 're definitely not doing it with the help of those who are keen to keep asking everything to falter and die , or the `` fuck you i 've got mine '' useful idiots , or the damn drama of the greek government . 
  allies are scarce on this ideological side . 
  honestly , i really want to , i just do n't know what the fuck to do . 
  why do n't we all just have local city currencies then ? 
  seriously , we 've been here before , with the us banking system . 
  balkanized monetary systems are shit , everyone knows they are shit . 
  blaming the entire project because a bunch of idiots got through , the intergovermentalist geniuses and the ones who pushed for greece to be included despite the forget number being some of them , is unproductive . 
  edit : and do n't start talking about devaluation like it 's a thing that needs doing . 
  if that was true , the uk 's 1949 and 1967 devaluations would have lead to something more than a sickly economy , the breaking of the sterling area , and the eventual independence of the bank of england by virtue of realizing how bad an idea devaluations are . 
   thanks eu . 
  `` we should turn the eurozone into a intergovermental organization , managed outside of the eu , without supervision from the parliament or its own fiscal policy . '', 
  - europhobic idiot twenty years ago . 
  only if you look at it from a european legalistic point of view . 
  we tend to prefer rules and management to our systems . 
  and your choice of the word `` invest '' shows that , in terms of having a plan of what to do with the funds , a long term basis for functioning . 
  the anglo-american system is all , in a way , `` common law '' . 
  meaning that systems evolve to function in niches , as their are used . 
  so military funding , federal highway funding , matched school funding act as a form of redistribution , through what is essentially a century of political development as funding is given and slashed . 
  a party can support a stupid program , let 's call it the bradley , as long as all their poorer states benefit and wo n't ever call it anything like state welfare . 
  from my understanding `` private '' does n't mean haphazard in the american military-industrial complex . 
  it 's easier to get a project or order ( re ) approved if you place manufacturing in the home state of senators and congressmen . 
  so poor states fight to increase military spending on projects in their state , rich states do n't fight as hard and horses are traded . 
  so it ends up being a giant subsidy program , and one of the reasons why republicans are against government spending except in military . 
  this sort of wink-and-nudge behaviour seems to an unfortunate norm , that the institution has tried to stamp out . 
  the more blunt examples , are where companies have equipment specifications designed around their product to go around bidding procedures . 
   in preparation for putin 's visit , a statue commemorating the heroic acts of the soviet soldiers in hungary , made by a russian artist , was erected in hungary . 
  have you all gone mad over there ? 
   germany is the country that is outvoted the most often in the council . 
  you 're using facts , that does n't matter . 
  the rethoric has begun long ago , and the poor eurosceptics that have set the agenda for the last 7 years , creating a paralysed system of talks and crisis , are of course under-represented by virtue of them repeating it tirelessly , senselessly , at the drop of a hat . 
  poor them . 
  they actually do exactly that . 
  the way military procurement works , poor states get the bulk of military spending . 
  including part factories . 
  it 's their form of hidden wealth redistribution . 
   but we should choose another name or stick with eu . 
  use sounds weird . 
  that 's the point . 
  the critics always want to compare it to the usa to score cheap points . 
  they could very well compare it to the confederation helvetica , which is still a stronger institution than the eu , but people actually like switzerland and that would n't play into their fear-mongering . 
  madness , there is no other word for it . 
  this is a country that was invaded in 1956 , under the `` multipolar world '' to stay in it 's place , does it now have stockholm syndrome ? 
  it was never the nation state that was the problem . 
  it was supposed to be liberating , by making every individual part of a social contract of right and responsibilities and eliminate the arbitrary rule of feudal power . 
  it was the perfected model of greek and roman politics , implemented with modern lessons , to create the state for the citizen . 
  but the conservatives got a hold of it , and their love of blood , faith , kinship and soil turned it into a pseudo-aristocracy for the poor . 
  where if you were n't born right , you were a lesser class of person , and with that they formed a new form of populist feudalism where ethno-groups instead of people were granted privileges by might . 
  it is the duty of all progressive thinkers to return the nation , and the society it represents , to the people , reinstitute the rights and responsibilities of the citizen and remove it from the hands of those who would use it for barbarism . 
   there are fundamental differences between cultures , societies and worldviews . 
  i 'm pretty sure if we discussed what we wanted out of life , we would n't be that far off from each other . 
  happiness , health , freedom , maybe family , and largely to be left to our own devices . 
  so i do n't think you 're right . 
  i think all want the same things , only thing we disagree is how to achieve them . 
  and that has nothing to do with nationality , just with us being people . 
   europe stronk independent continent . 
  who do n't need no usa . 
  [ * sassy snapping * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-y8vigvcrl8 ), 
  i was surprised at the time . 
  alex salmond has never been know to slow down in front of a challenge , he either dodged or pushed through . 
  and there he was , not being able to give a consistent answer without seeming like backtracking . 
  very unlike him , i 'd have thought he would have given `` make our own currency '' a try , but he stopped short . 
  it 'll be interesting to see honestly . 
  the issue is that at 1000-2000 cars a year , you 're not really reaching proper economy of scale . 
  a ten fold increase would lower costs-per-car but you need orders for those , unless you plan on paying for storage . 
  since the only place with an existing market is the uk , the company will likely depend enormously on the domestic market to make up it 's bulk .
