  there are none so blind , as those that do n't want to see . 
   they have their own governments too that should be providing for them , that these can only be bothered with filling their own and family pockets is not our fault . 
  mate , seriously , is this a hill you want to fight on ? 
  if it help your mind , imagine it as preventing a future illegal immigrant from reaching the netherlands , for a fraction of the cost it would take if you waited . 
  yeah , but that 's the thing is n't it . 
  it would n't be france 's money , it would be in romania , probably spent on keeping a second hand jeep in a garage near pitesti . 
  the system of distributed military spending does n't work . 
  increased spending wo n't fix it , it will just create a free-floating cash pot for vultures to pick at . 
  problems like libya can only be dealt through shared resource policies and actual , thought through , reforms . 
  not autistic number comparison games . 
   you seem somehow to not mind the euro devaluing against the dollar , but to mind italy not devaluing against germany . 
  these double standards make no sense . 
  who are you talking to trucidator ? 
  are you responding to anything in particular ? 
  if i made a pit called `` the defence budget '' , and started throwing money into it , that achieves roughly the same . 
  thing does n't it ? 
  i am a hawkish eurofederalist . 
  i 'd the first to argue to increase defence spending , and to create a fixed gdp percentage to be payed by each country into a shared budget . 
  but i 'm telling you , the nato 2 % rule is idiotic as fuck , and anybody in politics worth their salt can spot a way to funnel money once they realize that 2 % of shit is shit and you might as well blow it away on `` special military bags '' from your friends company . 
  i would n't know . 
  we do n't use the euro . 
  and we felt the crisis . 
  but please , do n't mind us , keep devaluing that pound . 
  `` something that is produced entirely inside '' . 
  how much is that for your average country ? 
  how many countries are coal producers , or gas extractors ? 
  how many have aluminium and fertilizer factories ? 
  how much of the supply chain anywhere , is independent of foreign imports or services ? 
  and that 's just the product itself . 
  what if the company took a loan in dollars ? 
  what if the employees are paying for apartments all denominated in the currency ? 
  what if the wife of the boss likes to spend time in paris ? 
  or if the mechanic down the street simply realizes that he now has to work more to save up for his new car ? 
  that apple costs 1 $ the day of devaluation . 
  the week after it 's 1.2 . 
  a doctor strike happens , health care costs go up . 
  now that apple is 1.3 . 
  so on and so forth . 
  and the loosers are the wage slaves who ca n't strike , who ca n't negotiatied , who just accept the increase cost of living . 
  and they regret not buying dollars or gold in time every single day . 
  it 's an idiotic game to play with people 's lives . 
  really ? 
  how did you react when wilson gave his [ `` pound in your pocket '' ] ( https://youtu.be/-ihvqu9bsks?t=90 ) speech ? 
  now , does the book at no point explain what happens when you do n't institute a `` price freeze '' ? 
  especially if you import energy ? 
  or did it just assume that prices are sticky , and go with that ? 
   a trade deal in 90 days by bypassing `` the bureaucrats '' ? 
  yup . 
  i can already see it happening . 
  they come in a room with a 300 page tome , put in in front of theresa may , and say : `` take it or leave it . '', 
  and that 's the trade deal done . 
  what is she going to do , go back to london and say the deal was n't good enough ? 
  no , please understand , i do n't mind . 
  go and built that database state . 
  i just wish i could see the face of the poor fool who , years ago , argued that this sort of state surveillance simply `` was n't british '' . 
   i see nothing wrong with this . 
  this is fantastic . 
  from the same country that compared the national id scheme with a form of creeping fascism comes this . 
  times truly change . 
   i think what you mean is that you get poorer towards the other countries , if those other countries currency keep the same strenght , but inside if you buy local does n't change a thing . 
  no , what i mean is local prices rise . 
  gas prices rice , heating bills rise , electricity bills rise . 
  food , which you ca n't do without , prices rise . 
  people strike to get their salaries increased , and preferably denominated in dollars . 
  local businesses increase their prices to keep up with those salaries and the cost of living . 
  i do n't know what macroeconomic books you 've read , but people do n't react to devaluations with sheep-like stupor . 
  anybody who can keep their real income steady , will fight to do so . 
  we 'll buy an extra tank , that should get us up to the ** arbitrary number that has no meaning in the real world ** . 
  i ca n't stand this idiotic `` spend more , achieve nothing '' mentality . 
  you really think it 's a big mistake ? 
  what do you loose , really ? 
  they think it 's true anyway , they 'll treat you as the great satan and see your work in everything they dislike . 
  look at the isis propaganda and see it at work . 
  look how even our un-organized ngo mass gets hounded . 
  doing nothing does n't spare us . 
  doing nothing just makes us better targets and better scapegoats . 
  so why should n't we take an active role in our policies ? 
  we 'll make enemies anyway , so why not try to make friends ? 
  you 've just exemplified why most smart people stay away from government and go into business . 
  you do business , and everybody treats your decision with respect , you do politics , and everyone becomes a geopolitics expert with an honorary finance degree . 
   devaluing the currency means you lose purchasing power abroad , inside it stays the same . 
  no one who actually lived through a devaluation thinks that . 
  anybody who can raise their prices , does . 
  everybody else gets a paycut and makes do with less . 
  which means cutting salaries and savings . 
  tell me , what adjustments do you think small countries can make using their monetary system ? 
  i wonder if there is anything we can do to better connect all the relevant continental competitors to make the choice less burdensome . 
   i think a system where leading parties get `` red cards '' if they differ from what they said before elected would make more sense . 
  also this would make people look into the programs of the parties beforehand . 
  the issue here is that situations do change , life is unpredictable . 
  not all promises are deliverable all the time , in the way you want . 
  we treat elections too much like we 're buying a product than interviewing an employee . 
  we get lured in by big promises about what it cam achieve , rather than judging the person on past performance and expecting them to act in good faith . 
  why do companies spend millions of dollars sponsoring charities and funding art projects ? 
  it can be , when done properly , good business . 
  it ingratiates you with the right people . 
  it makes you seem less like a colonial oppressor . 
  also , the sort of people that live in and around the art world outside of the continent tend to be more pro-european . 
  the discussion was actually since 2007 , as far as i know , when a french defence white paper specified increase migration and expected a united european asylum and border system to be up soon to deal with it . 
  since then almost every defense white paper has given mention to expected population migrations from africa , before the arab spring even took place , and increased their focus after .
