  the actual country/goverment in power gets represented in the council . 
  so they tend to vote more ideologically . 
  still leaves the question of why some national parties decided to vote the way they did . 
   a pathologist concluded that mr keating had died from positional asphyxia and intoxication through consumption of alcohol , methadone and cannabis . 
  do n't do drugs kids . 
  do you actually read past the title ? 
  or do you just hope nobody else does ? 
  well that i did n't , promoting remain has proven quite life threatening . 
  have you considered that insulting people does n't actually pass for reasoning or argument ? 
  by the looks of it the spd broke ranks to vote against . 
  hopefully someone from germany can give some insight on that . 
  he was but one re-incarnation of the god-emperor . 
   and he 'll keep rising until the last stone , of the last church falls on the last priest . 
  i 'd be inclined to say kissinger was the competent autocrat , and nixon was the incompetent president . 
  if he was competent , he would n't have gotten caught . 
  we 're all more than a tiny bit worried about the new system of alliances that seem centered around mr. putin . 
  the recent call between trump and him has not calmed nerves . 
  ok , let me expand on this . 
  he 's no different than putin or erdogan . 
  he 'll say and do whatever it takes to keep in power . 
  but putin 's and erdogan 's policies are simply mirrors of that , of how their countries power politics work . 
  america has had such assholes before , jackson , nixon springing to mind . 
  even if trump tries to play to the crowd , what follows is the bureaucracy , the generals , the courts , his own party , who will press on him hard . 
  it 's time to see if america 's institutions can handle a power hungry demagogue , or if they 'll crumble like russia and turkey 's fragile safeties did . 
  he 's an unknown quantity , for all we know he might do a 180 on everything he promised . 
  it 's not like he has n't before . 
  i am actually able to give the benefit of the doubt on this . 
  i just refuse to be an idiot when it comes to 100 % known quantities . 
  mda . 
  verhofstadt will thus finally consolidate his power ... as leader of the third largest party in parliament by a long shot , the ailing liberal centrist alliance . 
  clearly the man is truly europe 's putin . 
  putin invades two countries , freely bombs another , plays gas politics , and implements economicaly damaging counter-sanctions to protest our individual-based sanction : he 's protecting his country 's interest . 
  erdogan largely keeps his authoritarianism to his own regime , while pretty much copying putin : pretty assholish . 
  it 's kind of incredible the deep hidden biases people form . 
   when you think everyone around you is the asshole ... come on , say it . 
  say putin and erdogan are perfectly reasonable individuals that are simply misunderstood in europe . 
  be direct about it . 
   did n't know so many countries in the eu were that jingoistic because a bunch of different armies is a sign of how peaceful we are ? 
  if you go into a community , and everyone is armed to the teeth , that 's not a good sign . 
  it 's kind of interesting how they go about it . 
  misinformation through leading questions . 
  you have to assume the premise is factual to answer it , but if you challenge the premise , you 're open to attack for not staying on topic . 
  if we 're honest about it , no one government or person should really own such things . 
  ideally , there should be a worldwide agency in charge of preservation and reconstruction of items of high cultural value . 
  lacking that , governments should coordinate to act in the spirit of such an ideal , and coordinate to make the most of the historic pieces that are left . 
  what that means varies on a case by case bases . 
  some items would do best be rotated among the world , and exposed to people who ca n't afford to travel . 
  other items are more meaningful when tied to a location and should be placed there and guarded . 
  i think we 're failing that ideal currently . 
  i agree , turkey is the side most to benefit from a breakdown . 
  but the turkish cypriots are also the people most to loose from a breakdown . 
  considering these talks are happening at all , it 's not an unreasonable assumption to make that the turkish cyprus government is trying it 's best . 
  meanwhile , the turkish government had nothing to do with greek cypriots voting down the last referendum . 
  it seems to be a very emotional issue there , and what i 've seen implies a very ethno-nationalist trend to see cyprus as greek only . 
  so , despite the fact that cost/benefit implication , the move looks way too subtle and indirect to implicate turkey . 
  meanwhile the political ramifications of the greek cypriot goverment looking too weak on `` turkish colonists/invaders '' , a popular line it seems , makes it far more likely that the greek government is pushing its luck . 
  i 'll be honest , it sounds a bit too crazy a conspiracy theory considering that the anan plan was voted on without turkish interference and it looks like the turkish side would really prefer re-unification given the fact that they 're willing to part with territory . 
  meanwhile , the previous failure of the last referendum , the reactions of greek posters to the entire history of cyprus in other threads , has given me the impression of a victim complex that seeks to hide a lot of their own failures in managing the situation . 
  simply put , i 'm actually more likely to trust the un assessment of things than `` woe is us '' conspiracy theories directed at an outside power without valid sources . 
   meeting would happen after borders had been set . 
  which they were n't , which was the cause of the meeting being interrupted , which means that you 're supposed exchange between tsipras and erdogan never happened . 
  there was no response from the turkish government . 
  how do you read into this `` meeting canceled because of disagreements of heads of government which were n't present in switzerland and never discussed it '' contrary to the statement released by the un representative is well and trully beyond me . 
  and according to your article , the meeting never happened . 
  it was just planned , nothing was actually said . 
  nothing was actually demanded . 
  how is that a source ? 
   there 's no such as greek and turkish cypriot leaders . 
  there 's the republic of cyprus and some people getting paid by turkey whose land is run by turkey . 
  germany ? 
   and it 's not `` turkish territory '' to anyone other than turkish fascists . 
  for fuck sake . 
  they control it , they 've controlled it for the past 30 years . 
  people should be allowed to regain their property , but when it comes to federal ownership this is going into pig-headedness . 
   erdogan ended the negotiations because tsipras told him after the borders had been set , turkey would have to give up on the guarantee system in order for the negotiations to continue . 
  so , according to you , the people currently at the table are n't the leaders of the greek and turkish cypriots . 
  but instead it 's tsipras and erdogan . 
  can you actually source this statement ? 
   actually , erdogan did n't want to give up on the guarantee system ( the right of turkey to invade the island again ) . 
  negotiations never got to the security part . 
  the actual roadblock was disagreement over borders , with the greek cypriot government wanting more after it already achieved a gain of 7 % of the turkish territory . 
  source for anyone interested : http://162.243.184.203/2016/11/21/statement-to-the-press-by-the-un-spokesperson-in-cyprus/, 
   i suppose military leaders , statesmen , religious leaders , etc are too passe have you considered that a civilization that indulges in authority cults is perhaps just a little twisted in the head ? 
  did it ever exist ? 
  it was always a bit `` story telling for adults '' . 
  exactly what i described ? 
  but it requires `` designer babies '' to be done at some point , which on average the pro-life movement frowns upon . 
  i know there are sensible people out there who can see how technology can help remove the moral dilemmas involved in cost/benefit scenarios of having children . 
  but that 's not the norm . 
  the norm is fairly puritanical opinions regarding sex , propriety , contraception , and birth . 
  i wish it was otherwise , but that 's the audience i 've found myself speaking to and their dominance is a fact . 
   i think that if people are smart enough to recognize and not to accept the same kind of deal it 's not like people are all knowing , or telepathically connected . 
  if something is off , they might not know . 
  and if they know , they might feel alone . 
  and if they know and are not alone , even then they might go to the street , and find no cameras , no journalists , and be a local blip for the government to take care of or let them tire themselves . 
  and even if all things go well , they might find that no politician wants to back them , no leader wants to lead them , and they 're left with the occupy movements problem : what do you stand for ? 
  what do you actually hope to achieve ? 
  we were lucky . 
  we might not be lucky again . 
  as fidesz and pis have show , all our progress can be undone in one bad administration .
