  do n't want germany running the show , have stronger eu institutions . 
  unfortunately may has given no indication that is the case . 
  i do n't remember any verbal assurances made by herself to ease the worry of this not being one of her bargaining chips , despite how easy it would be for her to give one . 
  so i 'm left to think that `` working together for mutual benefit '' sort of went out the window with brexit . 
  now the rethoric `` canny britain '' trying to outbid us dominates , which is n't too pleasing to begin with , let alone with the added buttering of `` working together '' done in between stints of demands and outrage . 
  i 'm sure it will be the first thing the eu will bring up , and it 'll be sorted swiftly . 
  in fact barnier has said as much . 
  but let 's not forget who had to be the one making the first move here , and who wanted a chip in the game . 
  man tells you he 's trying to help while picking your pocket . 
  do you believe him ? 
  do n't worry , the telegraph will come out tomorrow saying that 's it 's the eu 's fault since it should do it first , not the uk , and that 'll make everyone feel better about themselves . 
  `` for sure we need to drastically reduce the level of trust towards the eu . '', 
  unless you believe he plans to do this , out of a desire for realism and fairness . 
  in which case , i 'm sure nothing will please . 
  right , so you want him to say something like `` i want to destroy the eu . '', 
  and nothing less will please . 
  even farage waited until after the referendum vote to admit to that out loud . 
  i 'm sure you 'll keep posting it like it 's a god given truth again and again , since 9/10 no one questions you . 
  just like the brexit referendum , and all the years before that . 
  bendy bananas tae fuck . 
  that 's a legal structure issue regarding regulation , contracting , and licensing of products and services , as well as a decent corporate structure . 
  mainly as a way to implement eu decided regulation . 
  the is no mention of `` lender of last resort '' in the aquis , in fact quite the opposite , the treaty states that central banks independence is paramount . 
  there is no mention of currency issues either . 
  you 're literally stretching the wording to almost unimaginable degrees to have it fit scotland 's situation . 
  but it does n't even fit the situation considering it 's independence is n't a `` day after affair '' , but a matter of asset distribution after separation as well as intermediary arrangements . 
  and it 's no wonder you ca n't even pick an actual legal treaty paragraph , instead rellying on a one-line paraphrase from their main site , since it 's vague enough to fool someone not immediately interested on first reading . 
  but you have nothing . 
  now which newsletter are you guys signed up on , because that 's the second time i had to debunk the same euromyth today . 
  it looks like a duck , walks like a duck , and quacks like a duck . 
  but you ca n't admit it 's a duck , unless someone in authority tell you it is ? 
  where does it say ? 
  what is the wording ? 
  check my flair . 
  i 've actually seen the process in action . 
  so pick your sources wisely . 
  or are you going to continue making baseless statements hoping you do n't have to prove anything . 
  how many years have to pass until the eu institutions step up and stand up to both foreign states and members from throwing tantrums . 
  the balkans are about to explode , ukraine is still being picket apart , turkey is one referendum away from getting closer to a middle eastern dictatorship , and this is all that can be provided . 
  grow a spine , grow some teeth , stop compromising . 
  the fact that he 's against it should tell you anything you need to know about how necesary a multi-speed model is with people like him in charge . 
   good luck meeting the fiscal requirements . 
  fiscal requirements ? 
  and the article references margaritis schinas 's brief , which i just linked to . 
   but please eu , this time no exceptions . 
  it has to be the euro and schengen . 
  are those exceptions ? 
  because we 've been trying to get into them for a while now and it 's been hard . 
  now denmark 's eurojust and poland 's human rights exceptions are something to talk about . 
  i actually checked schinas 's conference here : http://ec.europa.eu/avservices/video/player.cfm?sitelang=en&amp;ref=i135052 he found out about the independence announcement on minute 29 : and he basically says `` no comment '' . 
  so where does this statement you or the article is talking about come from ? 
  because it 's not there !, 
  extra point : spain is interested on wooing gibraltar into the fold . 
  it can not do this if it acts belligerent to scotland . 
  the article starts linking to another article with the quote for jacqueline minor . 
  and schinas added : `` the commission does not comment on issues that pertain to the internal legal and constitutional order of our member states . '', 
  because the commission still does n't want to this this with a 10 foot pole . 
  the extend and depth of the barrosso doctrine , which was never made ec policy btw , is that scotland would be a third country . 
  that is it , anything else read into that is a product of journalist imaginations . 
  fucking hell how history is distorted . 
  the act union guaranteed that the mint of scotland will be preserved . 
  which it was for a hundred years , despite the actual minting machine being destroyed , and after that even that was disbanded . 
  the private banks in scotland had the same rights as banks everywhere else in england to issue their own notes , but the act that gave the boe monopoly was never applied to scotland , since it was a separate legal jurisdiction , and a bunch of special favours were done . 
  also , [ legal tender ] ( http://edu.bankofengland.co.uk/knowledgebank/what-is-legal-tender/ ) does not work how you think it works . 
   from the ec though ? 
  except it is n't from the ec , is it ? 
  it 's not even from the actual office of representation in the uk , or their scotland office . 
  it 's not even a quote from the head of that office , christine dalby , it 's from jacqueline minor , someone who does n't even appear on the [ staff page of the london office she 's supposedly employed in . 
  ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/unitedkingdom/about-us/london-office_en ), 
   at best the ec did . 
  not even the ec , the local uk spokeswoman who 's likely out of a job in 2 years . 
  edit : scratch that , she 's out of a job right now . 
  she 's been replaced . 
  that 's sort of a `` paper comfort '' . 
  you might not have any viable opposition . 
  the opposition might face an uphill battle as election funding is diverted away from them . 
  and then there 's always the old party placed bureaucrats making the next government 's life hell , and acting as a `` stay behind '' force until their old party comes back into power . 
  democracy alone is never enough to secure safe transition of power . 
  in fact , because power tends to be more diluted near the top , you might find abuses are hard to pin down on any one person or group ruining things , as scapegoats are thrown in front of you . 
  octavian august got a huge bump by caesar , and was a product of a semi-permanent civil war ever since marius and sulla . 
  although honestly , most emperors that were adopted seemed to be pretty good , at least to those that got their positions by right of conquest , politicking or actual heredity , so i guess it speaks better for the process of non-hereditary appointment of successors . 
   i understand what you 're getting at here , but none of the accusations towards authoritarianism you made are inapplicable to democracy existing in an equally corrupt and decadent climate . 
  sure , the results of poor management become apparent quicker as things get done faster , but there 's no inherent reason for democracy being more meritocratic ( in any department other than bamboozling the voter , because that 's the only thing a party hoping to rule in a democratic system needs to be actually good at ) than even despotism . 
  it all depends on the moral fiber and the sense of civic duty in a society . 
  democracy really is n't the world you 're looking for . 
  you can have democratic autocracies . 
  it 's about distribution of power , and there really is n't any one word to contain it : separations of powers , judicial oversight , regional representations . 
  all sorts of small mechanisms that turn politics into quicksand , preventing anyone from feeling comfortable for too long , while giving tiered chambers in which people can rise up . 
  a highly centralized state , with a single relevant political chamber , very loose separation of powers , and no `` entry level '' political platforms ( local mayorships or regional parliaments ) to test people in will fall for the exact same issues as you describe , democracy being no panacea in itself . 
  i 'd completely disagree that `` moral fiber and sense of civic duty '' have anything to do with it . 
  idiocy , like the common cold , spares no one and the only immunity is previous experience . 
  a society has to be given `` test beds '' in which that experience is amassed , and democracy is one brick in turning a peaceful society into a rolling turmoil of diverse , opposed but not self-defeating interests . 
  you pretty much went full circle on authoritarianism . 
  you begin with the idea that there 's nothing inherently bad about it , an enlightened despot unshackled by petty interests being great for a country . 
  and then you find out that the qualities that get you into leadership are different than the qualities necessary for leadership . 
  especially in peacetime , where court politics dominate as fake sycophants and backroom dealers manage to create minor fiefdoms around themselves based on loyalty and favoritism . 
  authoritarianism simply is n't a good method of functioning for a government that does n't deal in existential , do-or-die threats . 
  it focuses too much power and responsibility at the top , removing the meritocratic filtering systems that allows those lower down to try and fail on their own strength , while focusing too many of the countries resources on tasks that align to a singular , and often incorrect vision . 
  it 's pretty much switzerland pre-sonderbund war . 
  if that 's an empire , then sure that 's what we are .
