  unless ... you mean ethnicity do n't you ? 
   and furthermore , the governments job is to govern , not represent on the international stage i do n't know how to tell you this , but it 's its job to do both . 
   i ca n't even think of any foreign takeovers that have been rejected ( although there may be some ) the bae-eads ( now airbus ) deal spring to mind . 
  to be fair , yes they would anyway . 
  but that 's because the uk has developed a more laisez-faire approach to strategic resources since thatcher . 
  but i actually think part of the uk 's radical turn to free market fundamentalism was caused by stable experiences operating within the single market and cap . 
  and i believe what we 're going to start seeing from now on is a uk far truer to it 's pre-1973 self , if not in this government then starting with the next one . 
  so cap might very likely be replicated in the uk , after decades of complaints . 
  actually the uk blames the euro/erm , john major is seen as an ill advised buffoon , and considers black wednesday a lucky break . 
  soros does n't seem to take as prominent role in the public consciousness . 
  but in many ways black wednesday was not that meaningful , it was the last of a series of currency spasms over the decades related to the loss of market share as a reserve currency that the uk experienced since the sterling area collapsed . 
   ah , interesting - immigration , because of the industrial revolution ? 
  to contradict him , no , not because of the industrial revolution . 
  in many ways the industrial revolution created it 's largest city , glasgow , and crowned it the second city of the empire . 
  dundee also benefited a lot . 
  it was the post-ww2 era that matched the baby boom in the rest of the world that saw it 's fortunes turn . 
  much like the english north , it saw rapid decline in industry . 
  the computing industry there got nationalized , missmanaged , and slowly closed down , the coal went the natural way of all coal industry , and the shipyard never modernized properly instead relying on constant government contract . 
  so while everyone else had massive population booms , in scotland you got out the moment you could , there were always better opportunities elsewhere . 
  the whole of the uk had a tough time during then . 
  even london was seeing de-urbanization . 
  but the south-west had sufficient inertia to out-compete the rest of the country for opportunities , and then by the 80s start pulling out ahead . 
  glasgow was the second city of the empire , during industrialization . 
  it was 20th century de-industrialization , in glasgow and dundee in particular , that matched the baby boom in the rest of the world that saw it 's decline . 
  i can answer for scotland : after ww2 , if you had a choice you did n't stay in scotland . 
  it underwent a slow economic decline that saw most people emigrate out of the country . 
  it 's still true , past a certain point in your career you 're going to leave to london , dublin , the us/canada or australia . 
  nope , there was never any boom . 
  the population settled around ww2 at just above 5 million and just when the green revolution and baby boom generation hit : nothing . 
  every other country atleast doubled it 's population , scotland just stayed the same . 
  immigration definitely played a large role , but the scale does n't mask it , it underlines just how bad things went for them for the rest of the century . 
  this went hand in hand with the slow de-industrialization of glasgow . 
  talking to people born in the 60 's , it sort of turned into a third world country . 
  check the chagos archipelago sovereignty dispute on google . 
  almost nothing that was done there was truly legal , and that 's why this ruling was made . 
  there was actually a leak regarding what was essentially an ongoing conspiracy to insure the continued use of diego garcia by the us navy . 
  you see , i 've made it very clear that it was a criticism of the swiss government and dishonesty in tieing itself to the eu while not admitting the extent of unrepresentative control we now have , and how that affects relations . 
  the reason we had issue with the migration referendum and the gun policy , is exactly because the swiss government has not admitted just how much sovereignty it has actually given and how little representation it has secured as a result . 
  this , combined with the our own lack of consideration to the transactionary nature of the arrangement , has made for unhappy bedfellows . 
  and every time that becomes clear , we get a pr hit . 
  now , i know you want to make it a romania vs switzerland issue , but it is n't . 
  it 's a fairness and honesty issue , that i see you do n't understand and do n't wish to understand . 
  instead it seems you 've sought shelter in your monetary contributions as an anchor for relevance , but it 's not really money that is at stake , it 's integrity . 
  that is not something you can buy and it 's something i wish returned to the eu , not to bend over to the fancies of a local government that simply does n't want to be fair with us or their own people . 
  just like the original pre-ww1 estimation , i 'm being very generous and fuzzy about what constitutes `` continuous peace '' . 
  if we were exact , the reality would be quite depressing . 
  well , the important part is that we beat the last recorded continuous peace in europe . 
  we 're unlikely to get a century , but maybe next time ... 
  even with the americans and russians not messing around , everyone in power on the ground in syria gains from having their respective narrative pushed no matter the truth , in the middle of an active warzone . 
  there 's no reasonable expectation that can be made that a probe is possible without it being driven in a specific direction . 
  in fact , any results other than `` who knows , it 's an active warzone where evidance can be destroyed on whim and people either manipulated or intimidated '' would make me suspicious . 
  i keep wondering : what do these people think they 'll gain if erdogan wins his referendum ? 
  and the fpo then backed off from it 's more extreme ideas . 
  and seriously , do n't care about individual countries . 
  if the union fails to maintain democratic standards , we 're all screwed . 
  the union is n't a local second-hand dealership . 
  it has political and public relations considerations to take into account . 
  every time the swiss throw another pr campaign over `` evil eu rule imposed on us . 
  as they 've done with migration and guns control , we loose out . 
  every time we have to wait a bit longer on a legislative package , because we have to wait for the swiss to give their legally-obliged opinion , since they 're not in coreper , parliament or council , we loose out . 
  and this is just one country , we 've had a similar issue inside the union with denmark and their fuck-up over eurojust where we have to give them a special chair to sit in the europol building , since they ca n't actually participate officially . 
  the amount of exceptions going around are staggering . 
  it 's insane , it 's destructive , and we should start asking the hard questions . 
  if that 's the transactionary approach that we 've taken with switzerland , where we accept the occasional public shitstorm and resulting political mess every time they feel they 're getting the bad end of the deal , much like happened with the migration referendum , then why are n't we asking the important question : how much is this deal worth to them , in regards to contributions ? 
  that 's the dangers in taking a transactionary approach to a relationship , and that 's what we have to start asking of countries who talk about participating in the single market as non-members . 
  if all they want is to buy a service , we might as well act as if we 're selling one . 
  how do you imagine a post-facto probe/investigation working in such a way as to give an accurate description of events ? 
  i ask , because i ca n't imagine any way that this wo n't end up either as a debacle or a scripted show . 
  how do you think it 's going to do that exactly ? 
  he can be the elected pm of a non-eu country just as fine . 
  if what he is doing in hungary happens in romania , i would like the eu to actually move to push us out . 
  an election is neither a divine right to rule , or an excuse to act out internationally , and we do n't need a mini-putin or mini-chavez in power . 
  not to mention , the rule of law , the seperation of powers , the plurity of politcs is more important than any one vote . 
  do n't get drawn into his nationalistic dick waving . 
  he 's a scummy individual , no reason to take a pot shot at the whole swiss people for his bullshit . 
  they all also signed the new rome declaration . 
  symbolic battles are won , but then look what orban does at home or how he votes in council . 
  `` shut up pleb , mind your betters '' is not an argument . 
  thanks for making it ** all ** about my nationality , btw , not about what is right or just or what works . 
  really drives home how little you think about anyone who has the cheek and lack of moral character to be poorer than you . 
  there 's a devilishly classicist and nationalistic streak running through some people it seems . 
  if i 'm in the lower tax bracket of a country , does that mean i should just shut up and be thankful if the rich get special legal considerations ? 
  or should my vote be worth less ? 
  seriously , the nerve ... 
  not god . 
  and you know what happened to him ? 
  he 'd likely agree greek gods are assholes . 
  yes , but few have taken up contrarianism as a political strategy to win domestic support . 
  germany actually has to do the opposite . 
  be a good european in public , fight battles for itself in private . 
  as honestly , is proper . 
  sorry , i never go full communist . 
   edit : i changed my mind , i want to be part of that hot proletarian action . 
  okay guys , been here before , we 've got it all planned out . 
  we just need to ignore this for the next few years until it completely blows up in our faces , and then we blame each other for the subsequent refugees , genocides and security risks as we wait for the americans to step in , and then spend the next few years ineptly cleaning up after them . 
  as is tradition by this point . 
  the issue is that the member state 's interference internationally is dreadful . 
  it 's like a multi-headed hydra of ineptness . 
  there is no eu country present in the syria talks . 
  and soon enough italy will get kicked out of libya as russia stretches over .
