  greece and italy are only giving in because they 're entwined into the legal framework of the eu , where rule of law matters . 
  we need to restart the process of securing our neighborhood from barely nothing . 
  and no one , left , right , or center is actually interested in that . 
  because they know that they have to do it alone , with the other 27 member states passing on the buck . 
  italy already has that problem with lybia . 
  my two cents on the matter is that it 's not that simple . 
  there are a lot of business culture differences that have to be tackled , including a tendency to see `` take the money and run '' management from owners that provide initial investment . 
  that sort of behaviours trickles down through the company . 
  from what i 've seen at least , a lot of people in the east that have the money to start or fund a company lack the sense to run it , and the sense to let others run it for them . 
  i 've seen some pretty stressed out managers . 
  the best comparison i can give to an american might be the south after the reconstruction . 
  a lot of good old boys networks , a lot of nepotism , a lot of scam artists , a lot of petty new aristocracy , a lot of shoddy make do management . 
  i can already imagine consulting firms getting bribes from certain companies to promote them to the west , that sort of thing . 
  it will change , but not soon . 
  and romania in general is poorer than hungary . 
  so maybe it evened out and the conclusion is erroneous ? 
  i 'm not trying to say that we should open borders because of their criminal difficulties . 
  i agree completely that crime fighting should be a pre-requisite not an outcome . 
  but i do see advantages , as i have seen in my own country , to everyone in opening the borders rather than keeping them closed and letting the country continue going to shit as it rots from the inside . 
  sooner or latter such countries start letting the shit bleed out , as they become safe-havens . 
  i wish we could do better than what we currently do . 
  but i still prefer what we 're doing now to doing nothing at all . 
  and doing nothing at all has become the mainstream european opinion on nearly everything . 
  it 's actually more complicated than any one answer you 'll likely to get . 
  to give you one example of the difficulty in integration is one german company which was doing their accounting through a romanian contractor . 
  despite being cheaper , the romanian contractor kept giving shoddy results . 
  when i found out how much they were paying , was extremely surprised . 
  the german company was paying large amount of money by romanian standards , and you could set up your own accounting firm for less than half of it in romania and get better results . 
  this story is to exemplify a difficulty in east-west integration : creating the connections and contacts needed , finding out about opportunities , having someone tell you when you 're overpaying . 
  so despite the physical walls being down , there 's still maybe another generation before the erasmus generation picks up and starts actually breaking the social walls holding us apart . 
  edit : there 's also the issues that , at least in romania , it 's somewhat unclear how to go about getting funding , loans , and other such support for developing your business using western institutions . 
  so the average person is still restricted to the economic situation around him . 
  slovenia and estonia seem to be ahead of the pack . 
  congrats to them . 
  surprised to see czechia still in the green . 
  letting member states handle standards testing was an idiotic idea . 
  this and the banking crisis are predictable little disasters that just keep reminding us how stupid we all are . 
  i think what you and everyone else fails to understand is you are n't going to be isolated from the problem . 
  criminal gangs from eastern europe and the southern med have been operating in the eu or atleast supporting the criminal operations already existing . 
  if they are n't dealt with it before they become entrenched , they start spreading their resources in neighbouring countries . 
  so yes , it 's a bloody win-win . 
  much like every other problem outside the eu , it will keep existing if we deal with it or not , and sooner or later with blow up in our face . 
  this is something that seems to be anathema to the mainstream thinking that we can bubble ourselves up . 
  personally , i 'd prefer if we had more eu-driven foreign operation to help secure these regions . 
  but that seems too ambitious for many . 
  you know what the most annoying part about your statement . 
  merkel was being manipulative and opportunistic . 
  she saw the dublin system shatter , saw the refugees being sent through greece , hungary and austria that could not be returned , saw the polls from the drowned boy pictures , and she dusted off the old german yugoslavian quotas plan from 1994 and tried to make a big speech to make her look sympathetic and twist everyone else 's arm to support a quota system that will see germany take less refugees than what they would if the situation continued . 
  it was a slimy move . 
  but people like you did n't catch that . 
  instead you got feed the media dribble that she was `` opening the gates '' . 
  you and half the world . 
  and now you think she was a unthinking bleeding heart , rather than the person who pushed italy and greece to the limit for 4 years by giving them no support . 
  this is the state of `` the informed public '' at the present . 
   for a completely powerless institution , it seems that most countries are trying really , really hard to maintain echr provisions , even at the risk of governments falling - and something tells me that 's not just due to sheer altruism . 
  i think that despite the general cynicism and opportunism of politicians , no government wants to set the precedent of blatantly ignoring the echr . 
  it 's history is too entwined with the traumatic events of ww2 to be done safely from a pr point of view , let alone the blatant implication of what happens when it falls apart . 
  it 's a somewhat similar situation with the geneva convention . 
  seriously , nobody actually banished them . 
  and look at it the other way . 
  georgia has severe funding issues , if these people stayed in georgia they would just continue draining the country and using their connections to avoid getting caught . 
  this way the european authorities have a chance of catching them and removing them from society , away from their home turf , and improving the situation at large . 
  their capture might also help us track down network operating out of the east . 
  most georgians are not criminals , and unfortunately the eu does n't do foreign policing mission to help our neighbors and thus help ourselves . 
  does n't matter . 
  post-truth present . 
  soundbites matter , not the speech , not the intent . 
  hell , not even soundbites , just having the right words in there somewhere is enough . 
  the eurozone and schengen groups is not the eu . 
  and they 're the ones steering the boat using the commission as their secretariat . 
  this is the intergovernmental nation based decision making that eurosceptics asked for . 
  do the results not match what was expected ? 
  i just wish the media actually payed attention when juncker tries to bite the council and is told that it 's not his business to fix their collective lunacy . 
  i am consistently impressed by the things you say . 
  the british media is good at what is does it seems . 
  do i really have to point out the danes voted out of europol and their government came begging to be allowed into europol anyway . 
  or how the swiss voted for eu quotas and the government came begging the eu to allow them to give them `` preferential employment '' instead . 
  those decision will end in tears for everyone , but what do you think the uk will do with the brexit vote ? 
  i 'm expecting `` eu cheated us out of true brexit '' headline 4 years down the road when the government tries to sell you the same sort of deal the danes and swiss governments made . 
  and i have to deal with more anti-eu negativity as a result because governments are n't brave enough to tell their people the facts on the ground . 
  the `` australian solution '' with what country ? 
  who 's going to be our nauru , when they already complain about making a deal with turkey ? 
  the `` simple answers '' brigades have been absolutely poison on this . 
  yup , pretty much a return to the 2011 state of affairs . 
  doing shitty stuff is ok , because people do shitty stuff ? 
  so not only a circular argument , but one which argues that the right of something is decided by the fact that everyone does it as well , a generic `` whataboutism '' . 
  how is that an argument , especially when spying on supposed allies ? 
  then the danes should complain to their government . 
  as someone who dislikes these `` special deals '' i 'd rather have liked the danes been given what they asked for , and be left out of the community security arrangements . 
  it 's clear bending backwards to exceptionalism only strengthens the opinion that they can get whatever they want . 
  breibart and rt targeting france at the same time . 
  i 'm surprised murdoch has n't chipped into the info-siege . 
  i think the anglosphere is now sufficiently to the right that all mainstream politics in europe strike them as leftist . 
  they started calling merkel the last bastion of western liberal values , that 's how far off the scale they 've gotten . 
  they 're responding now to a regulation to amend since december 2015 ? 
  seriously ? 
  council should stop micromanaging the eu . 
  they clearly ca n't be bothered to do it right . 
  put the arm down and help build that bridge . 
  [ seems the difference escapes brits as well .
