  this is also the tactic used for big financial crimes , like the libor fraud . 
  and we use them because of them because the social nature of the crime rarely leaves paperwork or a smoking gun . 
  i do n't know how else you expect to tackle these people , crystal balls and reading entrails ? 
  the hydrogen maser are , do n't know about the rubidium . 
  downplay a 12 % failure rate , of a project that has been mired in political in-fighting , and has exploded in terms of time and money . 
  let 's keep doing what we 're doing , nothing could possibly go wrong . 
  accusations ? 
  up until now i 've put it out as bad engineering . 
  but i 'd like an investigation , and a report , because if a company keeps producing products with failures i do n't think i need to provide proof that something is terribly wrong with the company . 
  nitrocellulose does not combust explosively in a vacuum . 
  that 's not high science , that 's an hour with a vacuum chamber . 
  no extra test needed developing to confirm that . 
  and the whatever new facts we now know about philae does not make the technical failure , less of technical failure . 
  it 's not even a failure , failure implies that it did n't act as expected . 
  but it acted exactly as expected , given how it was built . 
  failure is only a learning experience when you meet a previously unknown fact . 
  apparently the unknown fact we 're learning about is that we suck at building high-tech equipment . 
  if you keep painting every failure as some sort of pseudo-success , you 're not doing engineering , you 're doing politics . 
  engineering is about results , up to spec , redundancy and wide tolerances , and this has stopped becoming engineering . 
  my money : sub-par companies being chosen as part of the `` juste retour '' policy . 
  the thing was that the harpoon propellant was independently tested , and proven not to work . 
  it was n't a `` wrong design '' failure either , it was simply unworkable to begin with . 
  and yet a company got away with putting it on a multi-million euro vehicle . 
  how ? 
  why ? 
  i 'm sorry , but no . 
  not good enough . 
  this should be said more . 
  we ca n't keep have major mission components fail , and then comfort ourselves saying that not everything was a loss . 
  everything working as expected should be the norm , not a major victory . 
  thanks for the thoughtful response . 
  about the 90 % conviction rate . 
  take into account that corruption in romania was not so much secret as untouchable , by virtue of a network of influence and protections . 
  abuses of office , preferentialism and conflicts of interest were flaunted in the open , through the logic that individually they would be so small in the greater scheme of things that no one investigating would get to them . 
  in that environment the first few years of unchained corruption investigations would lead to a fairly high success rate . 
  a shooting fish in a barrel situation . 
  the percentage says more about how endemic and visible the corruption was , rather than any abuses . 
  and this is something which is quite obvious to those that have lived under the kleptocracy . 
  although i understand why a foreigner might not trust high percentages by simple scepticism . 
  :( our only success in the past decade , bloody wasted . 
  also , the third space project in a row where a major component failed . 
  i 'd like a full investigation and the makers named and shamed , if not outright barred . 
  this is disgraceful considering the cost and hopes put in the project . 
  so same results as the american version . 
  although we have to remember that a lot of the equipment built for the integrated soldier packages are a decade-decade and a half old by now . 
  which is practically the middle ages from a wearable technology point of view . 
  the most `` future proof '' component of the entire get-up is the rifle and accompanying electro-optics . 
  i 've contacted the metropolitan police about that article . 
  it came out that those men were not masked , black , and linked to a string of robberies , although never caught . 
  and adamescu 's cause found home in anti-eu organizations such as `` conservatives 4 liberty '' which are themselves launching a pr offensive against the eaw so they find themselves convenient bedfellows . 
  i 'm bringing all of this up to show a lack of fact checking , and a propensity to buy headlines , which other people are very likely using and are less investigated and less blunt . 
  also , the amount of influence think tanks and special interests can have on public narratives since , even if you did n't read it , someone did and that person now treats the information as fact despite likely forgetting where he even heard it from . 
  also , when you google , these are the articles that will come up to the top . 
  are you really ? 
  we 're on a continent where we have a major , fuck everyone , blood and torture war every few decades to a century and you single out an entire people specifically as causing destruction ? 
  half of millennium of continental irrelevancy under powerless principates , and you talk about some sort of ethnic `` obsession '' ? 
  are you serious ? 
  are you sane ? 
  not uneuropean , just wrong , more than a little petty , and kind of sad . 
  as the anti-corruption investigations get closer to the people in the center of the web , more and more money is being thrown into pr firms , private intelligence agencies , and media campaigns to attack the romanian judicial system . 
  you 're talking to someone who thought we 'd end up a majoratist autocracy by 2012 . 
  but irredentism is n't receiving any political traction at all , neither is anti-eu sovereigntists movement , and even the anti-russian feelings get expressed in attempts at alliance building . 
  we 've been , overall , surprisingly chill on the matter . 
  and trust me , no one 's more confused about that than me . 
  you seem knowledgeable on this . 
  do you know why they did n't pick a french manufacturer ? 
  it 's very unusual for the french government not favour home-grown industries in military procurement . 
   a little less than half of the standard rifles will be `` felinized '' . 
  felin is the french military equivalent to the us army 's land warrior program . 
  i 'm not sure what it entails , but if they mean the other rifles will not be receiving electro-optics that is a. . . odd decision . 
  it sounds like a cost issue . 
  they 're likely re-using what they already bought before instead of expanding felin as well , and so have a fixed cutoff point on those sort of rifles . 
  do n't be an asshole . 
  there 's no reason to hold people accountable over the acts of dead men over some strange belief in intra-generational collective guilt . 
  sins of the father , are not the sins of the son , and all that . 
  there 's an actual future waiting to happen , one in which our actions matter , one that is actually important . 
  sticking your head in the past and engaging in a prolongue whinge fest , as if the universe owes you something , is firm looser territory . 
   political pragmatism is literally the only thing holding eu together right now . 
  i know it 's a lot easier to engage in feel-good politics coming from a position of high principle and ideology and talk about neoliberalism and inequality or nationalism and sovereignty , but in real politics you have to make deals that stick and push things forward an inch at a time and realize what can and what can not be done . 
  not always , people respect taking a stand and pushing forward . 
  this is what the majoritist autocracies have been using to gain respect , their determination . 
  we 've confused the inevitable outcome of an uphill battle , with a desirable outcome to want . 
  and while that shows political maturity , it 's not an effective way to go about things . 
  compromise can never be the true goal , and we should n't make it . 
  the goal must always be to win , and accept compromise as a good second prize . 
  we must shake away the political despair of the center , and embrace a more cut-throat mentality . 
  sort of agree , but it 's not part of the national consciousness . 
  our borders being messed by outside empires is such a historical constant that it fades into the background . 
  even with moldova , no one was vocal about integration . 
  it was a nice idea , that could wait , and simply good relations was nice enough . 
  this new turn is troubling honestly . 
  but at least , for me , it 's calming that we did n't start it , we did n't sink that low . 
   i hope i 'm wrong btw . 
  i can see the `` european dream '' , i just do n't believe in it any more . 
  i think i 'd like to though . . we are at the moment facing a promethean task , stealing back europe for the people from elites . 
  at the moment , the council has hoarded powers and legitimacy , paying lip service to the european ideal except as a punching bag . 
  they are the ones blocking reform , they are the ones keeping strassbourg , they were the ones that refused migration defense since it was proposed in 2007 . 
  they are visionless , divided , and dedicated only to their own individual power . 
  europe can become the shinning beacon of civilization in the world , or have the same fate as the greek city-states . 
  that is decided by what we choose to do .
