  ( it is very difficult to get an army to fight its own citizens , but it is easy to `` other '' another country 's ) principle of subsidiarity . 
  it 's not the eu 's business to control the citizenry of a state . 
  it might need to be restated more clearly , but it should be obvious . 
  it 's the same in the us , army ca n't act on us soil . 
   who is in charge of this new eu military ? 
  parliament and council vote in chiefs of staff , which are held accountable to committees and the ecj . 
  those chiefs of staff organize things in peace time , and elect a full general in war time . 
  similar to the swiss system . 
  over the years i 've learned that the csu can not be trusted with anything they say . 
  it 's all `` cooperation '' to the public , but they hamstring the process in the background to benefit themselves or their epp allies . 
  i 'm not some stinking turn of the 20th century blood and soil ethno-nationalist . 
  i 'm on the side of the enlightenment founded , social contract , citizen based , right and responsibilities civil-nationalism that created this damn continent from the hands of monarchical empires and judgmental priests . 
  if you believe in democracy , law , personal freedom and security , and you vote in the same polity , as far as i 'm concerned you 're my nation and we 're both working to improve our community and so our lives . 
   europe is not a nation and will never be . 
  there are no european nationalists * waves *, 
  you can vote for anyone , as long as it 's fidesz . 
  france and the netherlands lacking the capability to force project to about the distance of poland is not a good thing . 
  especially since , as you say , it was a pre-prepared war of choice . 
  libya was a mistake , i agree . 
  but we can still learn from how it was carried off . 
  the lesson is we can not muster enough force to actually implement a counter-attack beyond everyone 's respective borders . 
  we can be salami sliced away . 
  there is a significant difference between being strong and choosing not to fight , and being weak and being unable to fight . 
  arguing for the later leaves us at the mercy of others . 
   i agree with you , but tide of history is against us . 
  i see it in my own country when i hear that people would n't support defending poland from russia which is our neighbour and close ally with similar culture . 
  there is no solidarity in europe . 
  there is solidarity in europe . 
  but it 's lost in murky waters . 
  the future might be bleak , but there has to be something just beyond the bleakness . 
  so let 's start now . 
   if the purpose is only defense then nato is sufficient we could n't maintain an armed conflict for a week in libya without asking for help from the us . 
  nato is a paper tiger waiting to be crushed the moment the us looses interest . 
   the people who want an eu army want to use it to bind the union closer together and project power elsewhere . 
  it is an imperialist project . 
  the same arguments as the intermarium . 
  the exact same lesson will be learned . 
  it 's the only way to keep imperialism out of europe . 
   nothing unites the eu establishment as much as imperialist contempt for democracy . 
  it is not democracy to have 27 national leaders go into a secret room and discuss things over champagne . 
  it is not democracy to never have a vote for fear of looking like someone might loose . 
  the parliament has democracy . 
  the eu council at the moment is the meeting of 27 petty kings . 
  we 're not your strawman !, 
  it 's not for you to tell us what we want . 
  stay on your island and watch . 
  and i can only hope to do the same for you . 
  right , because learning from history is a platitude . 
   you think that germans or the french would eagerly support sending their soldiers to die for estonia ? 
  come on . 
  it 's the right thing to do . 
  i do n't care how they feel about it right now , but you ca n't let the vulnerable be bullied and expect the world to work right . 
  it 's a message we say loudly and clearly . 
  it 's not about giving anything up . 
  no one is asking for the national armies to be abolished . 
  that 's not the argument at all . 
  just for a new integrated structure above it . 
  as he says , the swiss system married to the us system . 
  well , that was only a matter of time . 
  no , do n't bother with arguments . 
  just apply godwin 's law on the offending topic until it 's gone . 
  denmark seems to have an anti-eu hardon which the ruling governments have been trying to pander to . 
  just awhile ago they voted against participating in the new eurojust/europol structure , and all the government could do is face palm and move on . 
  they 're still negotiation how to get a technical cooperation deal to still be somewhat involved . 
  but with the swiss , the netherlands and the uk facing the same problem due to voter `` ca n't read the damn question so fuck the eu '' syndrome '' , the eu officials seem a lot less flexible . 
  for detail , the swiss will likely have their anti-free movement referendum again just to make sure that people are fully aware of the shit their brought on themselves . 
  and rutte is trying to crystal ball what the dutch people `` meant '' by voting no to the ukraine treaty , when they themselves admit they just wanted to show they 're just generically not happy . 
  it 's a great time for direct democracy it seems . 
   and what is the level of knowledge those polled have about this `` eu army '' or were they just thinking of their prefered ideal ? 
  this is the votes of the mep in the european parliament specifically for the establishment of a joint eu headquarters , link to the full article bellow . 
   and what happens when brussels comes to berlin with a big fat invoice labeled `` your share '' ? 
  hmm ? 
  everyone pays either 0.5 % or 1 % of gdp seems reasonable , does n't it ? 
  source : http://www.votewatch.eu/blog/what-chances-for-a-real-european-common-security-and-defense-policy/, 
   right , the uk , france and the netherlands can not defend their islands with germany as a ball and chain attached to their feet . 
  there 's a world of difference between a uninhabited rock , and a group of people who have the right to self-determination to which state they want to be part of . 
  but yes , i see the issue , but that 's a fault in the international system of duplicity and convention . 
  we can protect territory by law instead of empty promises . 
   i was refering to cases such as `` you have to accept xxxxxx number of immigrants of which we cant confirm their real identity or face consequences . 
  that was indeed asinine . 
  but it was n't the eu . 
  it was just the council of eu leaders trying to patch up the fact that they 've systematicly failed to get a system in place to handle unified processing , holding and request since it was proposed in 2005 and now could n't make greece be their bloody shield . 
  fuck the national leaders honestly , they 've destroyed this continent and hid behind the eu or whoever they could point fingers at . 
   they can be used by opposition to put pressure on gov without any real danger to democracy of said country . 
  that why multiple organization have to be involved . 
  council , parliament , commission , and ecj . 
  as long as the key of power are distributed among people who do n't share the same goal and interest we can prevent such abuse . 
  the very sort of system that the illiberal democracies are trying to tear down in their own nations . 
  left and right , i think , can be safely binned . 
  they are useless . 
  you see mixes of every single shape and form now . 
  economic dirigism and ordoliberalism does n't conform to them anyway . 
  neither does secularism and rationalism . 
  there 's a whole world to explore beyond the contemporary tv left-right spectrum . 
  not a kiwi , but a frequent visitor ... for being on the other side of the word . 
  but yeah , they seem to know already . 
  got ta hand them to it , as a group , best public relations a country can hope for . 
  minus the odd bogan . 
  like i said , there are many nations around the world that can be considered european . 
  non-neighbors that have those values should be respected , supported , maybe even admired .
