  they talk big , but promise nothing . 
  27 divas who 've `` made it '' by heading a state , and ca n't stand being told something they do n't like . 
  if a hybrid attack comes , prepare for 3 different meetings to decide over a year what to do , all ending with the topic `` how can we make our meetings shorter ? 
  '' , and involving a large amount of good wine and fancy dishes . 
  there 's no hard fast rule from what i know . 
  it depends on the technology available , and the situation on the ground . 
  best not to get ideological about it . 
  consider that there could have been just one . 
  consider that the second could have been a japanese company or a canadian one . 
  same story with nuclear reactors , or orbital rockets , and every other high tech industry . 
  the market is very limited , the entrance cost really high . 
  it 's sink or swim . 
  and we swam , and it was with quite a bit of government boost . 
  key word `` maintain '' . 
  rear-guard action . 
  the maintainers are wrong . 
  that path leads to pre-opiom war china , and being turned into a living museum . 
  we have to do better . 
  more ambitious . 
  use the cultural background we have instead if treating it like precious heirlooms . 
  pick up garibaldi , ataturk , bismark , napoleon . 
  deconstruct , reconstruct . 
  let cultural derivatives and hybrids run wild . 
  run manifest destiny to the stars . 
  anything , everything . 
  the danger lies in `` maintain '' . 
  that is the death-rattle . 
  actually decent article . 
  falls for the left-right anachronism , but overall good attempt at presenting the bones of the situation . 
  fine , pay for it in 20 years time . 
  what goes around comes around . 
  i personally , do n't care . 
  i 've sort of given up hope , we 're in the age of `` ca n't see the forest for the trees '' , and you ca n't fight the zeitgeist . 
  there will be a time when the rest of the union does fine and germany slows down . 
  it 's not going to be as bad as you think it is . 
  we 've been there before , we 'll be there again , nothing ever new under this sun . 
  and if you think it 's not going to happen in 20 years , well , are n't we being optimistic . 
  well , hopefully . 
  the situation has to be unfucked the same way it was fucked . 
  on the record , i would n't mind if denmark decided to go in the end . 
  what is n't meant to be , is n't meant to be . 
  but doing contortions every time some politicians decide to be clever is not my idea of a functioning society . 
  it 's pretty much the default position of every foreign paper that ca n't wrap it 's heads around the reality , and since investigating it is hard , make up a decent excuse . 
  the truth is a matter of less strict legislation regarding placement , lower entrance costs and several government programs to create inter-city infrastructure to give companies work . 
  anybody can do it if they want . 
  well is there going to be another referendum on this ? 
  of course , the problem must be me . 
  suggesting starting economic chaos just to give people a stealth paycut , is of course , worthy of discussion . 
  returning to the pre-2000 situation of a german mark dominated europe , is of course , worthy of discussion . 
  having every small country be like eastern europe with mark/dollar denominated loans , salaries and prices , is of course worthy of discussion . 
  and of course , the recent economist boost to spain and ireland has nothing to do with the euro , while the all downturns are a direct result . 
  it 's obvious really . 
  but i 'm not buying it . 
  because the '90s / '80s are still there , on record , for everyone to see and compare . 
  because being outside the euro is clearly not a solution to an economic crisis due to poor policy , they happen just as well outside as inside . 
  because the removal of the ability of countries to vote on the policy of the main currency in europe , is going to go down as well as arsenic . 
  euro destruction policy is an ideological policy , that mainstream economist stay away from in favor of reform . 
  because you 'd have to be an utter fool to think there 's any golden age pre-euro to return to . 
  it 's the `` simple solution '' you can put on the side of a bus , not in a serious policy recommendation . 
  modern economists think in term of market efficiency , not in terms of wealthy and happy citizens . 
  pretty much why neoliberalism made so many inroads , despite the consequences of rising inequality . 
  citizen happiness is in itself a geopolitical goal based on security , self-determination , and purpose . 
  these things can often be at odds with the `` economic norm '' . 
  our entire welfare systems are risk distributions systems that sacrifice that efficiency for other gains . 
  the geopolitics of inter-state domination sacrifice efficiency for security . 
  so on and so forth . 
  and please stop calling it `` free trade '' . 
  all trade is free or none is . 
  regulated trade is the default , the very existence of a market implies norms to follow . 
  the debate is over the management of regulation , not how `` free '' the trade is . 
  there is no `` invisible hand of the market '' . 
  it 's us , the merchant , the politicians , the soldiers , the craftsman and the complex interactions that necessitate careful resource distribution . 
  the russians and the chinese will make fools out of us if we simplify that complexity to a handful of misunderstood axioms . 
  at best we can manage `` freer trade '' , but we will always have to keep resources in the back pocket . 
  manage industrial and logistic chains to maintain independent key supply chains . 
  maintain tools and talent in key industries . 
  what can i say ? 
  it 's up to leaders to lead , not follow . 
  at some point we 're going to have to walk through the desert . 
  it 's either going to happen now , or it 's going to happen in 20 years when germany is on the downward trend , and then we 'll hope the other countries will remember the past and take a different turn . 
  i 'm just saying it now , to try to save some time . 
  i firmly believe you 're missing the bigger picture of long term efficiency gain , and the creation of demand through lowering of access costs . 
  and that 's what is important . 
  all that technical crap no one cares about . 
  because that 's what flies planes and makes reactors work . 
  not the opinion of joe next door . 
  the eu needs a new deal , the sort of ambition that build the autobahns . 
  instead we 're getting petty `` gut feeling '' opinion seeking , which misses the bigger picture , and we 'll regret in 20 years time . 
  a subtlety that will be lost in 10 years . 
  and this move will be used by europhobes to drag denmark out of the eu , just like the uk . 
  i 'm sorry , but i think shouldering the responsibility on this was a big mistake . 
  this should have been resolved internally in denmark , and it 's a shame you 're all going to ignore it . 
  you do n't know how the eu works , i get it . 
  let me explain using uk government policy . 
  remember the scottish referendum ? 
  remember `` no pre-negotiation '' ? 
  well , this is our `` no pre-negotiation '' . 
  either you 're in negotiations or you 're not , and if that policy is good enough for the great british people , it 's good enough for us . 
  now we 've asked you to start negotiations officially , and the uk government refused . 
  it has since used the eu citizens to ask for negotiations .
