  `` corn laws '' britain is back , what is essential 30-40 years after undoing of the nationalizations . 
  there is something strangely reassuring about the cyclical nature of this , seems the switch happens twice every century . 
  edit : warning : british dog-pile ahead . 
  drive carefully . 
   clear , firm and to the point . 
  she could run rhetorical rings around may if they had a public debate . 
  the day after the brexit referendum , while everyone else was in melt down , sturgeon was the one that came out and reassured all europeans in scotland [ they 'd be looked after ] ( https://imgrum.me/media/bhckesrgq7k ) . 
  she 's a good one . 
  pity to see so much irrational vile biterness thrown at her . 
  and now you 've fallen back on semantics . 
  how about next time your prime minister decides to sign a legal document promising future financial commitments , you try and stop them , because your word can clearly not be trusted . 
  then we can avoid actually trying to hold you up to it . 
   please provide a source for your claim that future payments needed for hs2 were added to this figure . 
  future payments needed for everything were added to that figure . 
  that 's what debt is , a big mass of `` i 'll pay later for what i 've decided now '' . 
  you ca n't suddenly decide that one inconvenient project ca n't be counted to the national debt , and asking for a source that something receiving budgetary funds adds to the national debt to begin is a form of willful shameless ignorance . 
  two statements : - eu negotiators asked to maximize the liabilities britain is asked to cover . 
  - ft/bruegel do their calculations and reach around 100 billion euro . 
  the fact that these statements are written in proximity to each other does not cause some sort of causal relationship by narrative osmosis , except maybe in the human brain . 
   do you think if scotland had left in 2014 it should still be committed to paying for a share of hs2 ? 
  most people would see that as ridiculous . 
  that is literally what was being proposed . 
  somewhere in that mountain of debt , is money taken out to pay for the building of hs2 . 
  so scotland would continue paying for the building of hs2 based on how much the uk government set aside as a future liability when it borrowed the money as part of its long term financial planning . 
  the mff is practically debt . 
  a deferred payment of a promise made in the past . 
  you ca n't escape that . 
   i better tell the people i know working at the department for international development at east kilbride how close they are to london and do n't realise . 
  i apologize , i guess i should have payed attention at all that planning and negotiation around scottish independence that the uk was refusing to do . 
  so the uk is not liable for the eu promising money as future spending as part of it 's multi-year financial framework , but scotland is liable for the uk promising money as future spending as part of it managing sovereign debt and its interest ? 
  right . 
  you know what the major difference is btw , a uk prime minister actually signed off on that spending plan , fully knowing what it mean on condition of unanimity . 
  he was proud of it , made a media speech at how much he won . 
  nobody gave a shit what the first minister of scotland thought about the uk 's budget . 
  scotland did n't even exist as an independently governed entity for most of that debt . 
   they also were not asked to pay for moving uk civil service departments back down south . 
  it 's quite convenient locating everything in and near london is n't it ? 
  remember when the uk media tooted how scotland would be given a [ 143 billion pound divorce bill ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/scottish-independence/10754261/scotland-faces-143bn-debt-after-independence.html ) ? 
  because the uk bloody does n't . 
  it 's become a real life lord rust parody . 
  to quote pratchett : ` that sort of thing can not happen , therefore , it did not just happen . 
  it could n't have . ', 
  are we are not surrounded by autocratic regimes who have been taking land recently ? 
  they did n't just corrupt a person . 
  they backed the szlachta coalitions that were fighting for their privileges , and failed to see the bigger picture . 
  til sweden is a developing country . 
  do n't worry , one of the authors will just write a report for whatever think tank they 're part of and that can be the source . 
  uk is very diy about its facts . 
  are you going to play the fool on this until the last moment ? 
  you have a government often listed alongside russia and turkey floating the idea of constitutional reform . 
  a sensible person would have to actively fight stating the obvious conclusion . 
  it 's just banter . 
  the uk is a civilized country , where politicians are n't killed on the street for their beliefs . 
  remember when someone could say that , and it would n't raise an eyebrow ? 
  this is n't your gym or a gulf club . 
  this is a division of assets done by two institutions with financial and legal entanglements stretching over several decades . 
  child-like `` bloke down at the pub '' understanding simply does n't cut it here . 
  businesses that go through this can spend years in courts arguing legal minutia over implication and costs . 
  this is business , pure and simple . 
  we 're not the `` save the uk '' charity , and you 're out of the union and the purview of our interest . 
  why are you expecting some sort of special treatment is beyond me , especially after threatening scotland with the exact asset redistribution process we 're currently undergoing . 
  in fact , having been in scotland when it was told the uk has no obligation to engage in scotland 's interest post-independence , the level of hypocracy coming out is outstounding . 
  have some damn self-awareness !, 
   to which the guy from the gov replied : the post office is a big company , the government cant have a say in who works there ... you have to be vigilant i am clearly not cut out for hungarian politics . 
  i would have never thought of saying that , it would have been simply too much . 
  why did n't `` they '' think of x , y , and z as well while `` they '' were at it ? 
  how about : planning for every contingency and situation during a constitutional treaty is a futile attempt ? 
  that being said `` they '' , is actually one [ lord kerr ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/brexit-article-50-lord-kerr-john-kerr/ ) , former member of the uk foreign office , who thought he was making an escape hatch for a totalitarian government trying to exit after an article 7 decision . 
  he might have pictured the situation in such a way that giving the eu leverage over process would be desirable , what with the uk government being part of it . 
  so you know , the brits sort of collectively do it to themselves it seems . 
  can already spot the angle here : soros-funded agents involved in undermining democratic questionnaire through sneaky security tricks . 
  or they might actually not give a shit about leaving it open , and just want an excuse to talk shit while pretending to listen as if your opinion matters . 
   polls suggest this might already be happening , but nothing will change because democracy i highly doubt the polls . 
  people do n't like contradicting themselves , and the turnout was large enough that i doubt some silent demographic is getting involved . 
  i admit , i 'm a bit biased in saying that . 
  airbus has a bunch of factories in the uk , and if any barriers go up they might decide to relocate somewhere much , much cheaper and close by . 
  i 'm not , there is literally no prize to walk away with from this for the uk . 
  honestly , if we were good people we 'd better be making some horribly large sum up , just so they feel they got one over us when we settle for less . 
  otherwise they might find that the whole exercise was a pointless waste of time and money , and god knows how they 'll react to that . 
  welcome to the reasoning behind barniers ' decision to hold off giving a giving a sum till the end of negotiations . 
  the issue you 're all having though is due to the specific circumstances surrounding the eu 's budgetary preparations . 
  they are done in a 7 year framework , which we are in the middle of , they are agreed by unanimous vote , and they are signed by all members in a signing ceremony . 
  the reality of the situation is that the uk has in full knowledge signed away a sum of money over 7 years , and we have a piece of paper with a prime minister 's signature to prove it . 
  inconvenient in hindsight , but that 's the nature of signed agreements . 
  now , how it relates to asset sharing ? 
  that 's a good question , nobody knows . 
  budgetary contributions have become national affairs since 1970 , funnily enough partially as a result of thatcher 's rebate , and that makes the issue of liabilities clearcut . 
  assets on the other hand , the few the eu has , are all over the place . 
  and the funding the eu gave for roads and such was usually partial funding , with ownership falling into the hands of the receiver . 
  overall , the intergovernmental nature of the eu is sort of biting the uk in the ass here . 
  governments control funding and the eu owns little . 
   though throwing large deviating sums at the press is not the way to go the ft ran its own calculations to get the sum , and a think tank ( bruegel ) ran another to get an equally large sum , and the ft thought this qualified as news instead of waiting for an official eu response , since the one they got is : `` we 're still on it . '', 
  how about you guys stop reading `` fairy tales for adults '' , instead of whinging about make believe ? 
  using the term is admittedly trying to frame the issue in a way british posters wo n't re-actively discount , it 's application within international law depends on the argumentation of the case . 
  it 's a good basis for the concept expressed within the lords report that legal agreements were made inside the eu that the uk has been a party to . 
  there are actually `` promises '' made , in the case of the mmf : ( info taken from the [ house of lord report ] ( https://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/ld201617/ldselect/ldeucom/125/12507.htm#_idtextanchor038 ) )  `` while it would be possible for the mff regulation to be revised to take account of uk withdrawal , and while even within the ceilings set out by the mff the eu could agree to adopt smaller annual budgets for 2019 and 2020 , he argued that the uk would still be liable under the commitments it made when agreeing the mff in 2013 : `` one would need to look at the obligation of the member states within the cycle of the mff , not within the cycle of the individual budget . '' 126 professor tridimas also noted that `` member states undertake a concrete obligation to finance the eu within the limits of the financial cycle provided within the multiannual financial framework . '' and in the case of other projects such as horizon 2020 :  `` there is a legal act passed by the european union that governs each and every one of these different funds . 
  among other things , that also guarantees an end point , because all these funds expire at the end of 2020 -- at least , the commitments for them do ; payments will follow later . 
  there is a level of guarantee , not only in the mff but in the legal spending decisions that are taken for each of the constituent funds . '' then the principle remains the same . 
  the uk made a series of agreements as a eu member . 
  this is not under dispute i think , considering the legal advice .
