  he made it clear he owes europe nothing . 
  do n't go knocking on doors that wo n't open . 
  it 's time to clean up our own house and prevent the rot from spreading . 
  right now we 're surrounded on all sides by `` big men '' who are ready to carve the world , and i have no intention of seeing this continent cut . 
   they would just be signing up to protect those nato members from any domestic consequences of their nato missions elsewhere on the planet . 
  there is a reason the french withdrew from nato . 
  degaul was very much for collaborating with germany for defense , but he did n't want to turn his country into a pawn for american foreign policy . 
  and nato is just that . 
  we should n't need to be begging america for missile defense and troops , it 's beneath us . 
   yep , and they can fuck right off with any such proposals until they get out of nato so we should keep being two dozen barely equipped components of the american european sphere of influence ? 
  i 'm not against a defence alliance with the us in principle . 
  but all of europe has become militarily dependent on the us . 
  right now , if it starts talking about removing forces a lot of leaders will start groveling , why do you want to see that happen ? 
  how about we do n't . 
  how about we draw in the line in the sand here . 
  we 're not the us presidents personal fluffer . 
  if the us president ca n't act like a statesman at the table , we should be ready to handle our own affairs how we see fit . 
  if he pulls out of the climate deal , it should n't be our job to assist him in turning it into shit because we might make it smell better . 
  let the responsibility fall square on his shoulders . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  nato is a defensive alliance , a piece of paper with some niece promises . 
  what has been suggested for the eu is serious stuff , concerted command , common officer education , combined r&d and requisition . 
  true commitments , not `` america will save us '' wishful thinking . 
  we already had sarkozy and berlusconi . 
  they fell the moment the world got a bit to hard for them , and have been dodging legal allegations ever since while trying to claw back into power . 
  those serious about protecting borders in europe want to help protect them in greece and italy , not near paris or amsterdam . 
  those serious about standing up against mondialisation , want to stand up to the likes of china and the us , not their small neighbors . 
  those wanting to be truly independent do n't want to go kneel in front of trump and putin , to be their favorite . 
  the new right promises none of this . 
  all they promise is to make us weaker . 
  and boris johnson goes full speed to put on the red dress and knee-pads for the new president elect . 
  it 's not the wage increases that are the problem . 
  it 's the damn tax cuts psd keeps voting in . 
  if they keep stretching the budget like this , it 's only a matter of time before the government has to start begging the esm/imf for money . 
  is from what i hear actually doing fine . 
  pity the that the rest of n. africa is n't like it . 
  do you think i 'm not able to read or something . 
  you  it 's in the legislative branch the law  the constitutional tribunal of the republic of poland , hereinafter referred to as ` the tribunal ' , shall be an organ of the judiciary you  its rulings are n't legally binding , the law  2 . 
  the tribunal shall , upon application by the president of the republic of poland ( hereinafter referred to as ` the president of the republic ' ) , adjudicate on the conformity to the constitution of bills adopted by the polish parliament before they are signed by the president of the republic and international agreements before their ratification . 
  and  most importantly all of the members are and have always been appointed by the ruling party . 
  let me guess `` it is a political tool '' . 
  well if it was n't before it clearly it is being made into now , and being made damn sure . 
  congratulations on not only supporting illegal actions , but being unable to understand your own laws . 
  and this is from the newly passed law , the one 100 % pis approved : source : http://trybunal.gov.pl/en/about-the-tribunal/legal-basis/the-constitutional-tribunal-act/, 
  this . 
  i have this urge to tackle politicians that do this and explain to them what having principles means . 
  you 're not going to win over coke people by becoming coke light . 
  you 're just going to get other people used to the taste and start wanting to drink the real thing . 
  and how it started in the republican party . 
  seriously , i have to give it to the new right on this . 
  current politicians are indeed idiots who are sending people their way . 
  the book is n't some prophetic vision or mystic curse . 
  it 's was an attempt to understand what it had to work with geopolitically and how to leverage it to benefit russia . 
  of course nothing is new under the sun , or it is n't true word for word . 
  but it 's all just playing out a little too well and too well timed to be complete coincidence . 
  the transatlantic reactionary movement is definitely part of why it 's all happening so quickly and together , and it clearly has tapped into the mentality , but we 've already seen funding being diverted and little green men placed to massage the course of events . 
  neoliberism has reached it 's high water mark . 
  time to brush up on our dirigisme , ordo-liberalism and nordic model . 
  whatever wealth we have now is what we have to work with . 
  time to relearn to leverage it properly . 
  if they could also wake up to russia , then we have a good foundation for a new european partnership . 
   so you 're willing to give up europe to the likes of trump ? 
  if we compromise what else is that but handing it to them on a silver platter . 
  no comfort to the enemy . 
   no need . 
  i can just move to australia or japan , two civilized nations that take their borders seriously . 
  because i think we should n't ? 
  because i do , i also believe that the people in charge were wrong , ill-prepared , myopic . 
  predictions were made that it will happen since 2005 and they did n't listen . 
  they became poll-people , always worrying about the current headlines , never about the next crisis . 
  high-brow ideals does n't mean stupid . 
  high-brow ideals means that you have to be more determined . 
  nothing worth having comes easy . 
  unfortunately there is , they 've been working for the past two decades to build it . 
  and if we 're going to tear it down , we need to admit to it 's existence . 
  and then we need to crush the frozen conflicts , interfere with its clientielism , cut the extremist funding and completely defang them wherever we are present . 
  i think the reactionary mindset that wrote this tapped into something . 
  a lot has the `` neocon '' feel that you get from the us during the same period . 
  both `` the clash of civilizations '' and this portray a belief that the time of a civilization conflict . 
  the things about the `` clash of civilization '' is that it failed to see itself as a mirror image and a harbringer of the thing it was warning about . 
  it was so detached from everything , `` end of history '' thinking being what it is , that it thought itself naturally endowed with the principles of the enlightenment , instead of opening the door to a reactionary pendulum as new demagogues sprung up an all sides to take advantage of the identity warfare . 
  `` principles of geopolitics '' on the other hand has no illusions about what it presents and what it wants to achieve . 
  that unscrupulous honesty with itself has put it on the right track , it knows it 's the harbringer of the new politics of power and fear , and it 's willing to take advantage of it . 
   and what if 50.1 % of your electorate says otherwise ? 
  are you going to keep pushing for the same high-brow ideals ? 
  until i die . 
   we need to make a compromise with the wishes of the majority , rather than pushing for naive dogmas . 
  that 's how the dieing center got to where it is , spineless compromise . 
  half-assed moves . 
  motion without vision . 
  you want to avoid `` naive dogmas '' move to the african continent and deal with warlords and strongmen , corrupt officials and rich barons . 
  this is europe , those naive dogmas are the foundation of our society . 
  no , that 's not the choice . 
  that 's the choice the demagogues want to preset people with . 
  simple answers , lots of fear , trust the big man he 'll make it better . 
  i believe in a new way . 
  one that binds us all , not just in security but in humanity . 
  wisdom with high walls , not angry faces holding guns . 
  we need a common asylum system , we need detention and identity recording centers , we need a common border force , and we need to project more than just power , but a stabilizing influence . 
  there is a great difference between a bunch of people with guns and a militia .
