  edit : apparently he actually can . 
  learn something new every day . 
   we do n't have to pretend other states do n't exist , merely respect their borders and their independence . 
  what you are now arguing is that independent states are somehow `` barbaric '' and need to be civilized . 
  really ? 
  is that where you 're going with this ? 
  i say the equivalent of `` tragedy of the commons need to be solved by common governance , common governance needs democracy '' and you go ahead and pretend that problems somehow magically stop at borders . 
  do you want to go and tell the migrants that ? 
  how about you tell that to the banks ? 
  maybe you want to tell that to the serbian government that had to remove russian agents from itself ? 
  i argue our problems are bigger than ourselves , and you take that as implying barbarism . 
  then fine , we are barbaric , we refuse to see the forest for the trees . 
   you also seem to be arguing that population density and technical progress requires ever increasing centralized authority . 
  this is what communists and fascists both argued and they both lost . 
  all successful modern states are instead organized in ways that maximize freedom rather than order . 
  so creating democratic bodies of governance is fascism and centralization ? 
  i ca n't argue the principle of subsidiarity because the very fact i admit there 's problems that need to be solved at a continental level means i want to run every single city from an office in brussels and disband mayors and councils . 
  do you see how hyperbolic you 're being ? 
  i 'm not going to ask you to tackle waste dumping and tax evasion , you need a local government for that . 
  and asking a single member state to tackle regional instability around us , chinese commodity dumping and systematic banking abuses is equally useless . 
  having talk to turks i had the impression that ataturk reforms had the most impact in urbanized and well-off areas . 
  coming from eastern europe , you can see the same sort of effect in villages where it seems a lot of old style thinking is still in place , including funnily enough christian women wearing headscarves because it 's proper . 
  although getting far , far more rarer . 
  i think secularity and wealth go hand in hand . 
  and ataturk 's `` internal colonization '' policies make me believe he thought that too . 
  it 's a shame that the east has no hope of improving trade flows anytime soon . 
  and individuals cooperate all the time without needing a government . 
  have managed for tens of thousands of year . 
  but now that there millions of us living in geographic proximity to each other , we had to learn to scale up . 
  in europe , we are the geopolitical equivalent of that sort of density . 
  we do n't have the massive distances and geographic features to allow us to pretend the others do n't exist . 
  we are each other 's neighbors , key trade partners , potential rivals , and when one goes to shit it sends dominoes running through the entire continent . 
  this insistence that `` we can return to the good old days '' is a new version of rousseau-esque libertarianism , where the current states replace individuals . 
  but there 's no `` noble past '' that is worth returning to . 
  the past is entire wars being caused by some damn fool thing in the balkans . 
  we have to civilize up , and become romans instead of rowdy gauls . 
  am i ? 
  really ? 
  because i 've just been debating someone who insists that government is n't required for cooperation . 
  by that logic we can disband all government altogether . 
  this is incredible . 
  in the last few months there 's been a bombing , a shootout with a dead policeman , and now this . 
  i feel that the hungarian government has opened pandoras box . 
  so democracy solves every problem , but we ca n't have continent wide democracy . 
  i would really like it if you 'd just admit that you hate the eu , and stop pretending that you 're not making arbitrary distinctions based on your favored view of systematic balkanization of the continent . 
  because that what you 're doing : `` untranparent , adhoc , non-law based governance in europe is better than the system we use for running everything else down to a town council '' and then you complain about the equivelant of `` democratic deficit '' in the eu with that backwards ideology , without a hint of self-awareness . 
   i am explaining that you do n't need to share a government to cooperate . 
  i have given a clear example of two countries that successfully cooperate without sharing a government . 
  there is no point pretending that the eu is necessary for cooperation . 
  this is clearly bullshit . 
  as i said , in my edit , we have `` tragedy of the commons '' everywhere on this continent . 
  we ca n't `` live and let live '' , if one country pollutes , or strengthens customs , or has a civil war , everyone feels it . 
   they share a head of state . 
  do you have any idea how little that means politically in oz and kiwilandia ? 
   their economies are far more linked to each others than those of hungary and italy you 're comparing two geographically separated countries , with the massive inter-connected tapestry that is europe . 
  that is not equivalent . 
  we have chronic `` tragedy of the commons '' syndrome across every bit of land , every economic sector and every geopolitical layer . 
   they are incredibly politically linked . 
  what are you talking about ? 
   having a meeting is not the same as having a government . 
  having one meeting may not be . 
  but the moment you start having a series of meetings , in which binding decisions are expected to be made and you just created the basic structure of a government . 
  people of importance meet , discuss , decide , and that decision becomes a rule . 
   australia and new zealand manage to have meetings and cooperate . 
  they do n't need to share a government to do this . 
  nobody thinks they are `` refusing to cooperate with each other '' . 
  and they 're separated by 2000 kilometers of sea . 
  separate any group of people by 2000 kilometers and it is n't surprising how little they need to coordinate with each other . 
  it 's pretty much the logic of the once and future king . 
  it would be great to be a bird , it would be great to fly as you please , it would be great to pass beyond borders and local squables . 
  but that 's not the situation at hand . 
   cooperation and getting along can manage perfectly well without having to share a government . 
  that is a meaningless statement . 
  the moment you commit to cooperation you start having meetings , committees , minutes , rules , secretarial offices , so on and so forth . 
  in the practical sense of the word , government is community cooperation made manifest . 
  it depends how far along the rethoric-dialectic scale the situation is set up . 
  are the us presidential debates , actual debates ? 
  because then no . 
  are the pmqs debates , actual debates ? 
  because then no . 
  are adversarial debates in general actual debates ? 
  because then no . 
  but if round-table discussion is the full meaning of the term debate ? 
  then i 'd say yes . 
  and even then i 'd admit my yes stems from growing up on shows where intellectuals would be brought to discuss things that way . 
  so there 's an association built up in my head around that . 
   only if the people accept that they want to suffer and enjoy common governance with each other . 
  ah , right . 
  the so-called `` common demos argument '' spelled out . 
  because civilization was built by people refusing to cooperate with each other , and the benefits of getting along are up to debate . 
  that a broad question do n't you think ? 
  but in terms of going over a topic ? 
  i 'd say moderated round table discussion . 
  less grand-standing , more insightful questions , bullshit gets called out easier . 
  by that logic all representative democracy is doomed to fail by virtue of having electoral districts . 
  diversity of opinion is a feature of good government , not a bug . 
  it 's just need to be moderated properly , instead of ending in toxic verbal sparring . 
  fuck , they 're both posturing to their electorate to absolutely no gain . 
  of all the things they have to lt slip out of those council summits , childish bickering should not be one of them . 
  the issue is the debating and rethoric runs contrary to intellectual inquiry .
