  how do you think we got to only 2 large airplane manufacturers worldwide ? 
  winners keep winning , looser keep loosing , and before you know it you have a monopoly . 
  not every market has the low entrance costs that it has . 
  and once a major player gets established they tend to dominate the field . 
   then their market access can be blocked . 
  that 's the point of making mergers forbidden until allowed . 
  blocking the market access to your only provider is not a recipe for success . 
  if america decided to allow a merger between microsoft and apple , what can we do about it ? 
   and yet there 's nothing cap can do if farmers decide to quit en masse . 
  at most it makes that indirectly less likely . 
  true , it 's an incentivization program . 
  most good programs are , but for now it works . 
  at some point in the future , as rural areas continue to become depopulated we have to decide how we structure it if we completely loose our rural cultural and social foundation turning them into ghettos , like the american mining towns have become , or if we simply focus on maximizing food yields , but right now simply topping off profits seems enough . 
   which seems adequately addressed in the form of the rather assertive policy of blocking mergers if they would result in too big a conglomerate . 
  you might be able to block a merger , but you might still end up with one company after the other folds . 
  and in an era of multinationals , you might find that it 's out of your control . 
  one day you have 3 foreign companies doing one type of work , next year it 's just 1 . 
   keep in mind , this works both ways . 
  what is the use of the open market when every country would still shelter off its own market ? 
  indeed , why should it happen at the country level at all ? 
  why not at a provincial level , or municipal level , or even larger regions like the mediterranean etc ? 
  there is no reason to remain glued to the historical coincidence of country borders . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  and that 's why the eu needs a parliament , a court and a code of law . 
  because the only way to manage an expanding sphere of market liberalization is through those tools . 
  my argument is n't that my arbitrary region needs protection . 
  my problem is that our market framework typified by those legalistic and democratic checks needs protection . 
  if we can expand that model to the entire world , i 'd have no arguments against . 
  but the world right now is chaos . 
  so i have to concern myself with this piece of order we 've managed to form and the well being of people in it . 
   the cap does not have a goal of maintaining a minimum level of agricultural activity in each member state . 
  it 's heavily influenced by agricultural lobbies who 's main task is self-preservation , and political considerations regarding employment numbers . 
  even if never codified , it 's the unavoidable purpose it has to serve . 
   there is nothing inherently `` feudal '' in christianity . 
  on the contrary , the christian message is `` universal '' . 
  the universal scope of christianity by its very nature limits the power of local feudal lords or clan chiefs by a higher authority . 
  i 'd argue that the weakening of the catholic papacy and the orthodox patriachy in europe was needed to ease the transition from feudalism . 
  and their hierarchical elements made them often opposed , but always complementary to the power of the nobility , and as technology advanced to authoritarian governments . 
   replacing the belief in the one god of christianity by the religion of the `` individual '' is a logical development , wherein the latter does not contradict the former . 
  on the contrary , the belief in the individual is based on the illusion of an individual soul which is the mirror image , in this world , of the one god in the other world . 
  thus , the monotheist christian faith and the worship of the individual in materialist society are the two sides of the same coin . 
  incidentally , the emergence of the individual can seen in the pictorial arts of the italian renaissance , which developed the central perspective , in which the viewing subject is placed at the center of the universe . 
  again , i 'm inclined to contradict you here . 
  as spiritual beliefs go , the individual is always the focus of the faith , monotheism and christianity have no monopoly there . 
  from dharmic wheels of re-incarnation , to roman family shrines individual worth was always the main element , and that 's why it 's so valuable to a private life . 
  it 's been civic scholars , like confucius or plato that interpreted the individual as part of a greater whole that needed maintaining . 
  and helped formed customs and beliefs around that , independent from spiritual guidelines . 
  as for the italian renaissance , it was an attempt at recreating roman and greek practices . 
  the growth in works of art focused on the individual was a result of that , moving away from the deistic-focus art has had before . 
   individualistic materialist society is set on a self-destructive autopilot which can only be averted by returning to some sort of collective values . 
  i agree , completely . 
  but religion is personal salvation , not collective . 
  it is law and civil order that defines the community and collective . 
   this is pure nonsense . 
  erdogan `` clashed '' in nl with vvd , a secular neoliberal party and pvda , the social democrat party that has been postively discriminating muslims for decades . 
  opportunistic enemy on the part of erdogan . 
  and maybe even a little on the part of rutte . 
  but i bet someone like orban would have been far more willing to play the back and forth fully . 
  lepen actually tried something similar and worked to set up a meeting with a sunni religious leader , just so she can have someone she can say no to over the dress code requirement . 
   stop that white guilt realpolitik is now `` white guilt '' ? 
  you 're embarrassing yourself . 
  like i said , returned to the realm of the private life . 
  europe , as a larger meta-nation/cultural group , is defined by that ultimate separation . 
  with humanism and jurisprudence taking care of a persons temporal well-being , and his spiritual well-being remaining his own affair . 
  this is why europe is europe , and not an extension of the middle east where it 's the exact opposite and religion has deep political and juridic ramifications . 
  so no , you ca n't identity europe with whatever spiritual beliefs its population has . 
  was that the cause of the hussite wars ? 
  the huguenot wars ? 
  cromwell 's treatment of ireland ? 
  the spanish inquisition ? 
  the 4th crusade sacking constantinople ? 
  the moment we returned religion to the privacy of a man 's home , rather than a tool of politics and state is the moment we abandoned old feudal christendom and created modern europe . 
  this is something that simply is n't said enough . 
  just because a talking point is popular , does n't mean it 's actually valid , no matter the ideology . 
  people want wealth , health , and happiness and try to interpret the lack of it the best they can , not usually correctly . 
  it 's the job of the leadership to provide that . 
  the problem is that they failed to provide that , not that they failed to do the exact moves people think need to be done . 
  the actual methods of getting such things done usually are either complicated , dull or extremely unpopular over the short term . 
  even truth requires a pr department to sell well . 
  the problem is that underneath secular europe there 's a bunch of reactionaries wanting to be the mirror image and opposite of the akp . 
  their leadership steal erdogan 's talking points , almost word for word , and mimic his strategy . 
  and everytime erdogan buts heads with them , they both get stronger by polarizing the rest of society around the conflict . 
  we 're being lead like idiots along a path that will see such people gain power everywhere . 
  cheers for this , bunch of jokes and personalities get lost on me while watching it . 
  looking forward to episode 9 !, 
  adam smith was not a supporter of the free market . 
  adam smith was a critic of mercantilism . 
  the person who said : '' `` people of the same trade seldom meet together , even for merriment and diversion , but the conversation ends in a conspiracy against the public , or in some contrivance to raise prices . '', 
  was not the pinnacle of laisez-faire . 
  and then there 's his opinion on property owners : `` as soon as the land of any country has all become private property , the landlords , like all other men , love to reap where they never sowed , and demand a rent even for its natural produce . '', 
  i am impressed by how many times his name gets quoted as a genius , by people who either did n't read him , or completely missed that a good portion of his writing was a criticism of the abuses of the rich and the powerful in monopolizing rights and resources . 
  while his writings did focus on minimizing the levers of power that the rich used to regulate special privileges to themselves , which subsequently got translated into the free market . 
  ultimately that message was over-emphasised because he wrote , ultimately , for the wealthy men of britain who themselves sought benefit and so his books overly focused on the immense profit to be made from deregulation of the mercantile system rather than the needs of a well regulated economy to defend society . 
  i 'm actually fairly certain by now that schauble is actually just used to talking a lot of shit . 
  suspected as much back when after varoufakis resigned he became the eurogroup 's biggest headache . 
  again when he threatened the commission with being restructure into subservience after juncker met with tsiparas . 
  and utterly confirmed when he pushed the commission to fine spain over the deficit , and then made midnight calls to stop it doing it when the commission followed the advice , because epp government . 
  so anything that comes out of schauble 's mouth should be automatically be disregarded . 
  spending power and investment capital , and their maximization is n't the end all of economic and political concerns . 
  and full market liberalization actually might endanger competition as bigger companies out-compete smaller ones .
