  we can be `` unitary '' and still run a decent bloody country , you know . 
  that 's a pretty shit plan , it 's all over the place in every single way . 
  we should just use the nuts regions . 
  they 're fairly sensible . 
  microwave power transmission would be my choice . 
  basically you turn the power into a microwave signal and send it to an earth . 
  the issue i think is the word `` realistic '' . 
  this honestly has no real meaning . 
  to the average person the channel tunnel was not realistic until it was done . 
  the actual question is how much we 're willing to spend for power at home , because anything that does not involve hydrocarbons of some sort is extremely expensive to implement to the satisfaction of modern energy needs . 
  an orbital solar array will be expensive , it 's also an element of risk as the first of it 's kind and is extremely vulnerable to outright attack . 
  but it 's possible . 
  / u/susquam would be wrong . 
  perfectly feasible , can be done right now , but the the initial costs high and anyone building it would be screamed at by enviromentalists and random governments because of the effects of the microwave system in the atmosphere . 
  with energy prices where they are , there 's no reason to bother . 
  but the party are utterly devoted to him , in a way that in romania would be creepy . 
  that was my point , the party loyalty . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/uk-blocks-eu-military-unit-in-wording-spat/ ) and i 'm sorry , but how is a voluntary hq for non-combatant operations of eu member forces `` federalization . '', 
  seems `` federalization '' to many is actually : anything we do n't remotely like , or anything at all really . 
  to me it has a more specific meaning . 
   we are also free to do everything in our power to stop federalization and keep the eu as a economical-political alliance of independent countries . 
  so targowica confederation part 2 : left 's fuck up another union . 
  edit : btw , [ here 's an actual commonwealth of independent states you might want to join ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/commonwealth_of_independent_states ) . 
  they are free of the eu-like voting or law , and can do as they please . 
   hope that not agreeing with oppinion of some eu institutions does n't make them eurosceptic . 
  poland and uk vetoed the new european operational headquarters because it had the word `` headquarters '' in it . 
  that 's the level of community involved right now . 
  internet points do n't amount to nothing . 
  when poland turns into turkey with a different holy book , you ca n't spend them to get out of there . 
  but i imagine you would n't mind that one bit actually . 
  when you 're figuratively shitting in the drinking water that is the public conversation space , no amount of `` muh opinion '' can spare you from the free judgement of your peers . 
  just like turkey , they have russia and the eu to choose from . 
  they 've already aligned tusk and walesa to be their soros/gulen , but none seem to have taken off so far . 
  and i 'm having none of your relativist non-sense and saying things as they are : some cultures are better than others . 
  a culture that worships totalitarianism will do differently than one that values equality , one that values rationality different and often better than one who values faith . 
  it 's not that hard to see in the world around us how true that is . 
  but i believe that people can choose their culture . 
  you on the other hand place everyone in their neat little boxes , and think it 's ok because `` you do n't pass judgement , they just need to stay the fuck away from me '' . 
  from what we can make out , a lot of interior leadership are realizing that if they try to delay the move , the party leader gets jailed and everyone gets a promotion . 
  so the protests could have been ignored , but they instead choose self-sabotage . 
  romanian protests have always leveraged internal problems of the parties/coalitions to work . 
  the fact that our political system is so fragmented and infighting at the moment , as well as the constant chaos caused by the corruption agency helps a lot . 
  poland and turkey had parties with comfortable majority and a personality cult around their leader . 
  tl ; dr : separation of powers and independent agencies are beautiful things . 
  just , you know , ukraine . 
  and , btw , romania is already gas independent , we 've got our own reserves . 
  this seems to only benefit hungary , but they 're one of the v4 szlachta , so they get a break right ? 
  so has continuous war , tyrany and genocide , if you 're going to be that vague . 
  no reason to feel any proud of it or consider it a core european value . 
  they 're an `` illiberal democracy '' / `` majoritism autocracy '' in the same style as russia , hungary and now poland . 
  the ruling party can be voted out , they just stacked the deck to make sure that it 's extremely difficult short of a complete disaster . 
  they 're not as alien as many people would like them to be . 
  in many ways , they 're just another eastern european strong-man slave mentality religious nutcase polity . 
   `` consent '' implies ability to say `` no '' your option visibly lacks . 
  i 'll remind you that you are free , and from some circles even encouraged to leave . 
  there is an expensive but technically possible alternative . 
  maximum energy independence through technological superiority . 
  renewable energy . 
  biofuels . 
  energy efficiency . 
  nuclear . 
  and , if we can ever spare the expense , orbital solar . 
  it would just increase our industrial production costs to a significant level making industrial competitiveness difficult . 
  then there 's cheap american shale gas . 
  but that 's just another racket . 
  right , right . 
  i was raised in walking distance to a church : automatically judeochristian tradition material . 
  no choice on my part , no willful action , i just get put into your neat little box . 
  but i refuse . 
  i am a product of europe , of the thing that is not euroasia or africa , of roman judicial tradition , of greek philosophical argumentation , and modern humanism . 
  and after a tradition of a thousand years of trying to bury it as `` pagan thought '' , and anti-moral progressivism , you do n't get to co-opt it as yours because it makes you look like the good guy . 
  we 're not playing the gilead game , dressed up as `` european values '' . 
  like i said , i do n't support ns2 . 
  in fact , i have the very rare position that there should be a council vote to block ns2 to the detriment of national sovereignty to make energy deals with outside powers . 
  so you know , i agree with you . 
  but that puts hungary and germany in the same boat : why beat on one and spare the other ? 
  yes , a levantine religion with desert people myths and traditions is part of european culture and roots . 
  but you know you 're right , some cultures are incompatible . 
  for example this abrahamic mindset that you 're fancy fairy tale book makes you special has been beaten to a pulp for the past 200 years by european thinkers and leaders , with european ideas , stretching from spinoza and garibaldi all the way to , wait for it , attaturk . 
  you are not part of that tradition . 
  there is no difference between you and erdogan , not really . 
   for me the first reason is that the turkish state is not on the same continent , duh . 
  and neither is cyprus . 
  lazy reasoning on your part . 
   but beside that , we dont share the core european traditions and roots , like christianity . 
  and here we have it , bang . 
  the magical reason why european nations can act like middle eastern failed states and still be called `` civilization '' . 
  they got jesus . 
  you did n't disappoint . 
  and this is how we 're becoming more like the middle east . 
  not the immigrants , but with this exceptionalism . 
  `` it 's ok we 're shit , we 're christian and special '' . 
  i am familiar with spirit_inc and his opinions . 
  it wo n't be that . 
  i am awaiting with interest . 
  oh , please spirit_inc , tell me why ? 
  because they 're poor ? 
  because they 're practically a dictatorship ? 
  because they 're engaging in destruction of the rule of law and dogmatic traditionalism ? 
  because they do n't help with refugees ?
