if merkel is too far to the right for you , you 're really going to hate the next decades , mate . 
  oh i know . 
  but it 's not that merkel is too far right ( left-right becoming increasingly meaningless ) , it that she 's conservative , opportunistic , duplicitous and unambitious . 
  she is helping europe stagnate . 
  i can genuinely get along with the more bellicose and hardline of nationalists , despite being considered far right , if they can give ground on `` blood and soil '' ideology , and the civic ones in america , france , and new zealand can . 
  they 're not bad people , they just tend to get sucked into personality cults , and many have a bit too much a hard on for military chic . 
   as for us people who understand that it 's the radical progressive change-at-all-cost people that are dangerous , and not the `` let 's just preserve what we have '' people , we can finally live in peace . 
   you 're going to hate the next decades as well then . 
  the `` let 's just preserve what we have '' ideology is pretty much entropy 's chew toy . 
  always reacting , always trying to go back , always winning . . until everyone looses . 
  cato and cicero , trying to shove the tide of history back while sucking dry the republic , again and again , until it swallows them with monstrous built-up grievance . 
  do n't trust `` stand still '' ideologies . 
  they 've always been the tools of the rich to keep the poor in line , thinking that this time they can do so without their children feeling the impact . 
  it never ends well . 
   though of course the implosion of the left helped her a bit sigmar gabriel has perhaps been the best coalition partner she could have ever hoped for . 
  governing by `` headline of the day '' ? 
  is that democracy ? 
  governing by `` what do people think '' rather than `` what is best '' , is that democracy ? 
  changing your policy every few months , saying one thing and doing another , never having any plan that lasts longer than an election cycle , always taking the short term gains despite the long term costs . 
  is that really democracy ? 
  or is it a sign that leaders want nothing but to keep the public happy enough , and nothing more . 
  as long as a problem is n't know , they 'll continue to let it rot and cash their paychecks . 
  it 's not leadership of `` bread and circuses '' , i admit , but it 's a leadership that will sink the country into a swamp as long as those opinion polls keep above 50 . 
  has she kept it out of the migrant crisis , or did her rebuff of the italians in 2011 not have consequences four years later ? 
  did she manage to keep dieselgate from happening ? 
  because it seems it happened under her government . 
  the economic crisis , is she the one responsible for keeping germany afloat ? 
  or was it the hartz reforms that sunk the government right before hers . 
  and as other 's have pointed out , germany 's interference with the ecb and imf have been widely denounced . 
  and have strained the whole of europe as a result . 
  i 'm not saying she should deny she is a conservative . 
  she is very clearly a conservative . 
  what she should n't deny is that she 's any different than her populist critics . 
  the only difference it seems , is that the cdu is in government and has had to act like it , while her critics can go all out on acting on voter-poll information . 
   was n't this tried with trump though ? 
  i do n't think it worked that great . 
  honestly , no . 
  what i just described was his playbook , and the media ate it up . 
  melanie copied a speech , well now you have melanie on every television for the next 4 hours . 
  trump makes a somewhat insulting comment , now people will talk all day about `` what he really meant '' . 
  i honestly stopped watching in , because it was clear they 're feeding him . 
  their outrage let him talk about what he wanted to talk , when he wanted to talk about it . 
  at some point he had them wait for hours to hear his `` birther speech '' , which turned out to be one sentence and the rest a presentation of his new hotel . 
  and they realized they were being played , and marched on to the tune . 
  you are right , there is a lot more than that involved in the rise of these new demagogues . 
  but in some places you see new parties springing up that are n't like that . 
  these people use that and apply effective post-truth media tactics , and you have to be weary of it . 
  [ this is what winning looks like ] ( http://www.veteranstoday.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/putin-blink.jpg ), 
   a citizenship is just paper , blood is what matters . 
  hear that people , you can be as awful as you like , as long as you have the right daddy . 
  you do n't have the right daddy ? 
  sucks to be you . 
  does n't matter if you have citizenship , does n't matter if you volunteer every weekend . 
  does n't matter if you pay your taxes every year . 
  it 's blood that matters . 
  it actually sounds like grillo has created your standard template `` people 's party '' of the 1960s . 
  a control freak channeling the force of idealism to suit his purposes , with the the added flaire of using the internet to rig `` the people 's will '' . 
  it 's not about not being upsetting . 
  we just had a person who insulted nearly everyone he meet made president of the us . 
  do n't let that get to you , upset away . 
  it 's about not letting others set the agenda . 
  not letting them trap you in inane discussions . 
  you do n't need to point out how awful they are , they know it , even their supporters might know it . 
  you just need to destroy the one thing they 're trying to gain : their qualifications for leadership . 
   what we have to do is follow the example given to us over 30 years ago by reagan and thatcher . 
  this is golden . 
  antiglobalists and antinterventionists are in for a surprise then . 
  see , you 're doing it again . 
  he and his ilk will keep saying inflammatory bullshit because they know that 's going to keep you talking about them , what he really meant , so and so forth . 
  what does wilders plan to do , what are his reforms , what is he planning to get out of the economy ? 
  can he hope to not fuck up the country ? 
  these are the things he 's trying to avoid talking about . 
  he 's turning everyone against him into free advertising , while making them look like they have no arguments than what he can say is `` name calling '' . 
  and when you wise up and get back to real matters , he 'll say something even more preposterous and ambiguous to leave you dazed again , and so he sets the agenda . 
  then do n't treat and argue about it like it 's some prophecy book . 
  it 's not about if the books is word for word the second coming . 
  it 's about how much of the books material is indicative of a larger geopolitical mentality inside the russian political scene . 
  media manipulation , infiltration and disruption , divide and conquer , territorial reconquest , all of these have been staples of the book and then , much later , of the russian strategy . 
  to deny obvious parallels would deny a tool of understanding better what the type of people extremists like alexander dugin exemplify openly . 
  not really racist , more like meaningless drivel meant to get a knee-jerk reaction from people . 
  no one would really say `` more '' , at best a sort of benevolent indifference . 
  you really have to be more careful with that word . 
  it 's not done the discussions any favors so far , just paints the anti-reactionary side as equally reactionary . 
  edit : learn about `` dead dog '' tactics . 
  if a politican says something reprehensible , figuratively putting a dead dog on the table , and has you focused on the dead dog and what he 's doing , he 's preventing you from questioning his motives and ideas . 
  do n't get distracted into knee-jerk reactions , focus on the truth . 
  what part of `` book is n't some prophetic vision '' did you not manage to read correctly ? 
  source 2010 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukg76hf24_k source 2015 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=138sgcykp-q and the biggest instigator for the influx is the arab spring and the syrian war , not some flip-flopping politician . 
  there were warning it was going to happen since 2005 , when defence departments were warning of instability . 
  she 's not a demagogue , she does n't promise the world , but she is definitely a populist . 
  if it 's not in the newspapers and the polls are n't right , it 's not on the government 's agenda . 
  on the european level , the government is downright schizophrenic . 
  arguing for fiscal responsibility and thought budget rules , while getting exceptions for the spanish government over the budget , and supporting the irish government with the apple tax deal . 
  same goes for the immigration issue . 
  same goes with the russian sanctions and north stream . 
  same goes for the single market , where the german government is asking to road tolls for non-germans . 
  same goes for downright everything . 
  the only difference between her and orban is that the german people would n't stomach that level of blunt opportunism . 
  besides that , i 've lost complete trust in the cdu as a political force . 
  they 're just a meek versions of modern reactionaries .
