  this is not a tragedy , this is just how things are . 
  and honestly romania would benefit from less intergovernmentalist populism , which has been what has been keeping us from joining schengen . 
  we do n't gain anything from this `` europe of nations '' boondongle . 
  :( still not in schengen . 
  because employers move or contract to e.e for the lower salaries . 
  and they calculate their move choices based on existing salaries , it 's up to the unions to correct it somewhat afterward . 
  also , because the bureaucracy in most of e.e. 
  is horrifying . 
  and consider how bad it 's in germany , it 's saying something . 
  it also does n't help , when local politicians out to make a quick euro start fucking with the incoming company . 
  like promising modernizing a new road to the premises but never doing it and pocketing the money . 
  then there 's the outright charlatan contractors that sucker in foreign companies with cheaper rates and give shit results , despite the fact there being companies in the area that are much cheaper and better but do n't have the same ability to market themselves . 
  so a whole host of reasons , most of which can be fixed at home . 
  please no , do n't jinx it . 
  just smile and wave goodbye . 
  any move towards more no 2 , pretty much turns the entire union into another eurozone/schengen system . 
  just enough integration for disaster , not enough for solutions . 
  that 's been the irony of the no 2 faction . 
  they use eurozone/schengen failures as the reason the whole union needs to become more like the eurozone/schengen . 
  the problem is europhobic politicians are more afraid of a two-tier europe , than they are of a federal europe . 
  they 're seeing what 's happening to switzerland , where without moving a muscle the eu defines labour policy simply because of gravitational weight , and ca n't stand it . 
  they know they have to be part of the eu , they know that without it they would answer to germany , the us , or russia in the same way . 
  but they 're so obsessed with the freedom to rule their countries as they please that they 're outright paralyzed with dread at moving in any direction . 
  practically hoping for some miracle that sees them become an island in the middle of the atlantic , or their own weighty empire . 
  because they largely ca n't . 
  the issue of design by committee , with added intergovernmental rivalry and horse-trading . 
  it 's been juncker 's tag line recently to push more responsibilities directly on to the council , knowing they ca n't handle it . 
  i 've got to say , really do n't appreciate how saying `` military hq '' triggers some . 
  we ca n't have a proper discussion in europe if we 're walking over europhobic eggshells . 
  they clearly need a safe space somewhere where they never have to see golden stars on blue cloth . 
  for the sake their mental health . 
   return from the uk to smash the windows , breakoff mirrors , dent doors and spray-paint every , rolls , jags , range rovers and even jcbs , that 's will be quite an achievement , i do n't think i 've ever seen any of those brands in the wild . 
  it 'd be cheeky saying it , but i can imagine a situation where a uk product boycott would end early , by virtue of people not finding any products to stop buying . 
   we have our direction and policy shaped by an aggregation of reason from multiple contributors with varying well seasoned ideologies . 
  you 're making european politics sound like whisky . 
   probably accurate , they 're both an acquired taste . 
  i do n't know about anyone else but calling a politician `` leader '' is an open invitation to sarcasm for me . 
  maybe it 's because of my national mess . 
  it 's embarrassing enough called them our `` representatives '' half the time . 
  sometimes , because they 're almost too representative . 
  i think if we 've learned anything from western companies going to china , customers do n't care if companies kowtow to political pressure . 
  i 'm more worried that this new `` loyalty test '' will be taken as a model in other majoratist autocracies . 
  well to begin with , we 're not ruled over by anyone . 
  because this is europe and we do n't have rulers , but officials . 
  especially since the eu as a whole is less powerful than the individual states , and the states themselves have internally their own checks and balances . 
  secondly , he 's largely toned down his antics . 
  we have n't had a good juncker gaff in a while . 
  he 's been largely more morose from what i 've seen . 
  i say this as someone who did n't vote for him . 
  he was the worst offer on the stage , and expected him to be another barroso and disappear for 4 years as he implements decisions the council faxes him . 
  actually pleasantly surprised that he 's somewhat living up to the position . 
  you know something fine . 
  you watch the us run this continent like it 's own personal circus . 
  as everyone bow to them for their own reasons , while continuing this shtick of `` we ca n't cooperate . '', 
  because we can , we have , but apparently not with european leadership . 
   yeah but it 's not just about you . 
  okay maybe you would but what about the other 25 members ? 
  let me clarify here , that you 're talking to someone who believes in creating a eu intervention force . 
  so asking me about how the intergovermentalist setup of 25 nations making an agreement works is moot . 
  i believe it does n't , and nato is ultimately a house of cards . 
   could also potentially take a lot of time to reach an agreement on wether or not there will be an intervention . 
  welcome to democracy . 
  on one hand , yes it makes timely intervention harder , on the other hand it also minimizes unnecessary interventions . 
  it all balances out , but it 's no different than the current situation . 
  it might actually be easier since it wo n't be anyone from a national army getting sent . 
  similar to how the foreign legion gets the brunt of the action . 
  if you think the way production logistics work is that austria can single-handedly make all the components of a gun , or france all the parts of a ship , then i 've got nothing to say . 
  because i have no idea how such a missunderstading can take place . 
   are you willing to deploy your soldiers to defend former french colonies ? 
  i seriously doubt it . 
  are you forgetting that romania sent troops to afghanistan and iraq ? 
  this is no novelty for us , or unimaginable situation , we 're ok with this . 
  i think you have a romanticized view of how the politics of warfare work . 
  we 're more practical , we understand that for an alliance to work , it has to be quid-pro-quo . 
  this map hurts so much . 
  can anyone explain what happened between 1999 and 2002 . 
  the various pr departments of the eu are seriously lacking . 
  see also , `` science : it 's a girl thing . '', 
  i really wish someone would stop the idiot who keeps pumping these out . 
  although i have n't seen any under the juncker commission , so i assume someone did . 
  here 's the thing : this is europe . 
  i know we like to throw around some geopolitics credentials here and there , but we do n't play the game against each other . 
  because if we did , well , we 've been there and it was n't pretty . 
  so no , i do n't think it 's ok that we spy on each other . 
  we 've got too much at stake in mutual trust , and if we do start that game , it 's going to be big powers ruling over small again . 
  everyone else in the world on the other hand : free game . 
  i apologize . 
  i 'm actually optimistic about kant , for no other reason than it will put the german and french governments in the position of not trying to compete each other for at least this piece of equipment in worldwide sales . 
  when it comes to weapon sales , european politicians loose all scruples . 
  they do n't need the competition . 
   the economy is worldwide but states all have specific regulation all of which tend to be extremely similar , since they try to get similar results . 
  you wo n't find anywhere where murder is allowed , or you can issue a vaccine without sufficient testing . 
  food poisoning is the same worldwide , as is any health and safety consideration . 
  even the privatization angle was the uk backlashing against the nationalizations of the 1970s , and overdoing it , with little regard to effectiveness rather than some sort of local optimization attempt . 
   humans and members of various communities with each their specific cultural identity , so much that forcing people together would not end well and has proved so in the past . 
  oh god . 
  like cultural identity somehow makes health , wealth , freedom or happiness not a requirement in someone 's life . 
  just because a bunch of neurotics decide to make their beliefs someone else 's problem does n't mean the vast majority of us ca n't get along and this continent has been built by knowing we can , and ending the sectarian and political violence which has become widespread in the middle east . 
  let 's run down : new engine ( new fuel/air injection ) , new transmission , new automatic loader , new fire control system ( new sighting and stabilizers ) , and new communication system . 
  so anything that has a lot of break potential due to wear and tear , also can not use parts from a regular t-72 .
