  unless `` european culture '' is yours dog whistle for something else entirely . 
  shitty reasoning thats sounds good but is worthless . 
  the middle east effects us right now and we dont have any presence there to speak of . 
  also as the last few year have shoes not having turkry on our side is a mistake . 
  in the middle east and as we will find out the back sea . 
  turkry need to be brought back into the fold , not alienated by shoddy phobic reasoning . 
   but the general population is several orders of magnitude more rational than those in russia or pakistan . 
  no it is not . 
  you are not special , you are not better , you are not more rational . 
  you are , like them human , we all are . 
  there is nothing that happens there that can not happen here or where you are . 
  there is no stupidity we are incapable of re-creating . 
  do not fall into arrogance and exceptionalist by thinking that somehow you 've been made to stand out from others , because that 's what every dictatorship is based on : the people thinking that they 're not fucking everything up . 
  that they are inherently a good people , or have a great destiny , or are part of a great revolutionary inevitability , and all the awful and stupid things being done does not shame them or detract from that . 
  there is nothing , absolutely nothing , i 've come to hate more than western and now eastern exceptionalism . 
  it is the height of national narcissism given by the hard work of generations , and who in turn have more often than not failed to keep the very standards we now try live to , and often take for granted . 
   it \u00b4 s funny that you think germany sees itself as a superpower , while for me as a german it \u00b4 s quite the opposite . 
  of course we are economical strong but we despratly want the eu to be successful ( we after all gain major benefits from it ) let me give you my perspective as an outsider . 
  germany has an economic superpower mindset . 
  it obstruct any attempt to re-organize the eurozone into a system where it is not the biggest player in the room , while working with others to limit european manufacturing checks while the conservative government apparently makes room for all sorts of manipulation to favour their industry . 
  at the same time they engage in various ostpolitik behaviors with russia for the sake of energy supplies to feed those industries , and has largely disregarded the greece/italy situation until the last moment when it used it 's full diplomatic might to get everyone else into a new self-serving paradigm , without any european institutional oversight . 
  germany , or maybe just the current government , is simply too happy being the biggest fish in a small pond to change anything and hinders any move of creating a stronger european institution that could counterbalance it . 
   crimea was a difficult situation . 
  ukraine is not a member of the eu nor nato and getting involved would mean fighting against russia since they have their whole black sea fleet there . 
  also when it comes to european values most people are just referring to immigration policies ... 
  there are ways and ways . 
  russia should show you the many tools a state has to enact both soft and hard power outside of itself . 
  in fact by now it seems russia has more soft power in the eu than the eu has anywhere outside it 's borders . 
  as for `` european values '' , the refugee crisis is actually an international law and european democratic process issue that both the left and the right are disregarding in favour of their value signaling non-sense . 
  but there are deeper truths behind that we have to bring out regarding the importance of law and institutional stability in decision making . 
  this is something the west keep bringing up in the refugee crisis , as well as in everything else , but it does n't really seem to believe it it enough to create a strong enough case for it . 
   switzerland is doing just fine.a nuclear armed switzerland would do fine as well . 
  switzerland has a bloody police force , a mandatory training program and well funded mental health services . 
  we have a bunch of countries always just shy of turning into mad little dictatorships with `` greater [ insert country here ] '' visions . 
  you just proposed the british 19th century balance of power system , but instead of just 5-6 mad cunts you want around 30 running around with city killers . 
  libertarian nuttery on the international scale . 
   ukraine gave up their nuclear deterrent and they got invaded , libya gave up their nuclear program and they got invaded . 
  id rather see the world burn than for russia to defile my nation . 
  ok , so let 's leave aside the nuke themselves and talk about delivery method . 
  you know why the french are so invested in arianespace and the japanese run their own little space program ? 
  why the cold war space race was so important ? 
  are you going to also plan to split missile technology so that every member state has atleast one missile it can not hope to even repair given the specialzed equipment needed ? 
  or is estonia going to nuke tallin as a strange form of counter attack ? 
  this is the problem with a lot of the eastern europe mindset : absolutely no sense of scale or proportion . 
  my country does badly ? 
  burn the world . 
  need to defend myself ? 
  give me a nuke and a truck . 
  i despair . 
  hah , a gun in every household and all you need is one madman to start shooting . 
  that 's what that is . 
  the obsession with sovereignty and independence without end is a futile obsession . 
  the american confederacy had it as the governor of georgia refused to send his troops to the aid of their new union . 
  princes of germany had it , as the surrounding powers played them like pawns . 
  the szlachta of poland had it , as they laid the ground work for the division . 
  the magnates of hungary had it , as they broke matei corvins black army so they can pay less taxes and not fear a king before the ottomans invaded . 
  the gauls had it as they abandoned vercingetorix to make deals with rome , the greeks as their loose and petty little achean league saw corinth burn to the gorund . 
  and the yugoslav republic had it as they saw one of the main economies of the european east turn into a patchwork of impoverished states . 
  law , democracy and governance are our only hope . 
  and giving nukes out like candy is a recipe for an international disaster of a disproportionate scale . 
  the failure of the balance of power system , but instead of ww1 casualties , we get thermonuclear winter . 
  i am tired of repeating history . 
  and alliance starting from the east , akin to intermarium would be ideal . 
  but as poland and hungary show , we 're countries that do n't play well with others , and in that spirit trying to form an alliance of such countries is so untenable is never gets off the ground . 
  denmark and sweden are the same . 
  the whole north and east are just a bunch of exceptional snowflakes that want to do their own thing , as unrealistic as that might be . 
  america is even less trustworthy than western europe . 
  it 's more powerful , but also far more flakey . 
  if you fail to hold it 's interest , you 're fucked . 
  and , even worse , if you hold it 's interest too much they 'll fuck you to make sure you stay that way . 
  the whole of south and central america is a testament of why you do n't rely on the americans . 
  so the european west , by virtue of actually being willing to create an organization that helps us achieve a level of engagement required for security and being nearby enough that our security concerns are shared are our only real hope . 
  it might be a longshot , but it 's not compared to everything else on the table unless eastern and northern europe gets it 's shit together . 
  but they wo n't , they will only ally with the strongest player , which is why they joined the eu rather than become a player themselves using the nordic council or v4 . 
  they are literally useless at getting along without the franco-german axis giving them a clue . 
  i feel the exact opposite . 
  we 've got potential conflicts in the western balkans , cyprus , and the whole eastern neighborhood . 
  the eu is growing increasingly weaker as internal membership becomes more keen on unshackling itself from it , like the v4 , nordics and benelux are keen on doing . 
  france and especially germany still see themselves as world powers not needing the eu as a megaphone , as it becomes poorer and poorer at being that to them . 
  and russia is perfectly capable of waging different forms of conflict , and even potentially a war which the west is willing to concede at the detriment of the east , if it waits for sufficient chaos in the international system . 
  look how quickly the crimean annexation spiraled out of control and then became the status quo . 
  look how poorly the european west handled libya , before needing to request american support . 
  look at the constant cynicism and exceptionalism in eastern europe regarding `` european values '' , as well as the west inability to express them in a structure which seems fair to the east . 
  there 's too many idiots in the kitchen i 'm afraid . 
  that 's not a fail safe . 
  it can be argued that it was a mistake to put them there in the first place , and sending more troops only compounds it . 
  the netherlands lost it 's people to a russian anti-air missile , and then turned around and voted against making any deal with ukraine . 
  when the chips are down , this sort of fancyful thinking simple does n't hold up to the political realities of party leadership in the state . 
  they might be perfectly capable of discounting the lives of a few hundred people , especially when considering sacrificing the lives of thousands more . 
  our only hope are not these childish stratagems , semi-transparent false flags , but tieing the political and economic strands of the allied states so tightly that the loss of the baltics would destroy careers , kill industries and shake confidence . 
  people have to loose votes because of it , generals loose face , billionaires loose money . 
  the loss of baltics must be made to hurt , and that means embracing them and everyone , even the dutch islands of the carribean and the french islands of the pacific , so tight into us we can no longer really tell the difference where we actually end and begin . 
  you think nato is something different from every single defensive pact and client system in the last 3000 years ? 
  america does n't give a shit . 
  france and the uk , even less of shit . 
  no one in the white house is going to put washington or new york , or even anchorage , at risk of nuclear retaliation for some country an ocean away . 
  if the baltics get invaded , and all we hope for is an american response , then america is going to weight the scale and do a cost/benefit analysis just like it did in countless bushfire wars in the last century , and even the long run up to it 's involvement in the 2 world wars . 
  if it looses a conventional war in the baltics , it 's going to write it off and move on . 
  not try to `` throw good money after bad '' for people no one in america has any political and financial stake in . 
  the loss of the vietnam war and the truce in korea being good exemplars of the fact .
