  i did n't mean it in the bureaucratic term . 
  i mean it in full expression of that person 's right and responsibilities in society , if you 'd allow me to idealize it for the sake of the conversation . 
  all romanians are citizens of the state . 
  you can call hunor a hungarian-romanian , or romanian citizen of hungarian heritage , or just romanian . 
  but in the eyes of the state and everyone else , for the sake of sanity , justice and community , he is a citizen . 
   revolutionaries in france slaughtered thousands of people . 
  in the name of radical change . 
  jacobins were murderers . 
  i think you have a pretty romanticized view of the world . 
  i 'm not going to excuse the actions of deadmen , who 're likely guilty as charged . 
  but what part of `` i 'm no kum-ba-yah leftist '' did n't you get ? 
   are you against nato too ? 
  against military operations in our borders too ? 
  against baltic operations too ? 
  you can wait and dream about revolutionaries all you want but in the end it comes down to interests . 
  you are definatelly not helping your continent 's and alliance 's interests . 
  i 'm not the one advocating a worldview focused on a world of inevitable confrontation . 
  you 've mistaken a lack of aggression for pacifism . 
  the same way you mistook a lack of right-leaning ideology for the mainstream left . 
  and yes , you 're right , thankfully it does all come down to interest . 
  and that 's where the ideological battle-lines will eventually falter and crash , and progress can continue . 
  i think you 're missing my point . 
  `` realistic '' is the completely wrong word to use in this conversation . 
  history is full of `` unrealistic '' scenarios involving various combinations of personal ambition , misunderstandings , dedicated jingoism , and outright demagoguery to turn even weird reasoning into outright war . 
  the turkish government just put into question the historically put to bed treaty of lausanne and its land transfers . 
  why ? 
  because , why not ? 
  these things build up on each other . 
  every slight used to augment the next one . 
  i 'm in the balkans , we have a millenium of that sort of thing . 
  `` we all remember what [ insert neighbouring country ] did in [ insert year ] to [ insert person or city ] . 
  and that 's why we ca n't trust the [ insert neighbouring country ] . '', 
  the eu places democracy and law at the head of decision making rather than power politics , which is boring but makes it so much less prone to that sort of non-sense . 
  i 'm a follower of the enlightment revolutionaries , the ones who ended secterian violence on this continent . 
  the one 's who turned serf to citizens . 
  the one 's who inspired the modernizers who went into the rural villages to educate and organize . 
  i 'm no kum-ba-yah `` leftists '' . 
  there is an actual clash of cultures happening . 
  one between those that have a future , and those that are redressing the old tribal and sectarian blood feuds of the past in new clothing . 
  and huntington 's `` christian west '' feeds into that nicely . 
  but you do n't seem to understand that i might be tired of arguing with people like you . 
  there is no argument to be had , you 've barricaded yourself feeding off islamic fundamentalism to feed your own christian one , and then feed it back . 
  my only hope is that we can rebuild after you 've all had your fill of blood in the name of your `` culture '' , if you could call it that after all it 's achieved . 
  the uk and iceland had 3 different international confrontations over fish , russia split georgie in 2008 for funzies , and india embargoed nepal for having the wrong constitution . 
  i do n't think anyone can do justice to how asinine international conflicts can be . 
  simply : `` want to get re-elected , must distract electorate '' has been sufficient for a number of opportunistic politicians . 
   you are probably a leftists ideologue thank you for further clueing me in to the sort of person i 'm talking to . 
  gotten used to this sort of projection and labelling from other `` clash of civilization '' warriors . 
  and thanks for helping make the world a worse place to live . 
  it just would n't have ever occurred to me to think that you guys might consider yourselves separate culturally from the balkans . 
  so i 'm sort of dumbstruck , until i can think what actually might be considered different or how that is possible . 
   greece is not similar with the balkan countries . 
  i have no idea how to respond to this . 
  truly left me speechless . 
  to this day i regret not strangling the canadian `` artist '' paying 600 euro a month in kreuzberg on his parents dime to be `` close to the action '' . 
  might have gone to jail , but it would have been a public service to a city i adore , and humanity . 
  mate , actually live in the balkans . 
  do n't tell me how `` fantastically different they are '' . 
  have more in common with a turk than an austrian in many ways . 
  you might as well quote his inspiration , francis `` end of history '' fukuyama , also a respected academic which shows how little that title is worth . 
  it 's a fantasy book which has become the ideological resource of world-wide regressive forces . 
  we 're all currently dealing with a bunch of right-wing nutcases using his two-bit narrative to excuse the destruction of the enlightenment and the resconstruction of a primitive christio-judaic west , as fellow fundamentalists recreate the same traditionalists revival in the islamic world using the exact same narrative of clash of civilizations . 
  fuck him , the neo-conservative loon . 
   huntington i 'm done . 
  have a nice day . 
  completely wasted on trying to debunk that tolkienesque fantasist , or the nerdy taxonomists that follow his cookie-cutter world view . 
  no , that 's not why we 're all engaging in the european system . 
  we could easily fall into being an extension of the middle east or africa , same as the caucasus . 
  our cultural background is still largely traditionalist , religious , authoritarian , ethno-sectarian much like what we consider the arab world . 
  we are engaging in the european system to actually be part of europe proper . 
  actually , japan is sometimes considered a western country . 
  partly due to cold war allegiances . 
  and partly because the west has become synonymous with a specific cultural paradigm : secularism , rule of law , free speech , and democracy . 
  the enlightenment gave us all a new cultural heritage , alongside our various regional ones . 
  the same way someone from cologne and someone from munich are different but still are german , we are both balkan , european , and above that western . 
  the entire balkans might as well be one country if that 's your standard . 
  we have 5 language families , 3 different abrahamic sects , and the same way of doing things . 
   just do n't be upset if trump will fight back for eu 's hostility . 
  you think i was expecting any peaceful co-existance there ? 
  a man who wants the eu destroyed and russia appeased ? 
  mate , this is geopolitics . 
  lesson no 1 : you get what you can get away with . 
  the eu wants its citizens to be considered equal outside the union , and it 's flexing its muscles to get it done . 
  apparently everyone else has decided that it is n't a fight worth fighting , and so now it 's done . 
  end of story . 
  you want to rules lawyer the result ? 
  well , the world does n't care . 
   does n't make them european . 
  geography is not the point . 
  culture is . 
  you mean the religion , do n't you ? 
  because i 'd be damned if traveling the balkans the turks and greeks struck me as much different . 
   the eu is not a federation . 
  we have embassies with different countries for a reason . 
  this is just a eu trying to start a problem . 
  technically correct is , you 're about to find out , the most useless type of correct . 
  i imagine the moment the first modern democracy started they were people just like you , who were certain it ca n't be treated seriously because it did n't have a king . 
  and how can you do diplomacy without a king ? 
  the armenian genocide happened under the ottoman goverrment . 
  while i 'm sure ataturk has quite a few things he was ashamed of , considering no one adopts that many orphans without cause , he has had no discernible hand in the events before and during the beginnings of turkey .
