   democracy is to me the decisions decided on by a majority of the population . 
  but that 's not what liberal democracies and republic are . 
  they have civil service , second chambers , independent judiciary , term and constitutional limits , and all sort of other hitches to make the engine of democracy run smoothly . 
  one person one vote sounds simple and fair , but so does fptp , but we know both have issues . 
  the first relating to the dominance of dense population regions over less dense regions leading to a blind spot in policy making , and the second relating to optimum representative value of compromise candidates . 
  if you explain the replacement systems to the average person , their head spins , but so would explaining a jet engine or tcp/ip . 
  neither did the two irish referendums have anything to do with the eu being undemocratic , but that 's quoted as its fault often enough . 
  edit : and someone actually did in this very post : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5b9aog/is_the_eu_democratic_undemocratic_or_even/d9mso0t/, 
  actually i do n't think it was actually `` on paper '' ever . 
  if you 're a warhammer fan , the etho-nationalist is to the original nationalism , what the `` imperial creed '' is to the `` imperial truth '' . 
  meaning , a bunch of rather closed minded idiots looked at what the original revolutionary achieved , which was nations along the lines of the languages of communication of anti-royalist/humanist organizations and said `` this must have been the whole point '' . 
  and completely missed the bigger picture because it did n't fit in the old tribal views that the original kings used to control the people in the first place . 
  they did n't plan for anything , did n't set up ideals , did n't have an end goal . 
  they just took everything that was given to them up to that point and turned it into their creed . 
  meanwhile actual nationalists , the democrats , the liberals , the humanists , the secularist , were not just pan-hungarian , pan-turkish , or pan-bulgarian . 
  they were pan-turanic , pan-slavic , pan-arabic , pan-everything and everyone . 
  that was the vision , that 's what was on paper . 
  democratic , but convoluted , as others have said . 
  national governments have way to much freedom by using eurogroup/esm/schegen and international law mechanisms to undermine proper accountability . 
   parliament ca n't even seem to initiate or repeal legislation . 
  in practice it 's always governments that have legislative initiative , not the average parliamentarian . 
  and giving the average parliamentarian full initiative seems to lead to a lot of lobbyed bills and political blustering bills in the american system . 
   having only one candidate to vote for as commission president just does n't seem very democratic . 
  i really do n't understand . 
  every party fields a spitzenkandidat , giving us a total of 5 candidates last election . 
   you did n't have nation almost a millennium old with strong sense of identity who spend centuries trying to kill each other . 
  a millenium old or a century old . 
  to those born in it , it makes no difference . 
  and if you look at how the american civil war was talked about on the confederate side , both between the confederate states and the union-confederate divide you would find similar parallels to our own , including the state patriotism and rivalry . 
  we 're not the victims of history . 
  we 're the victims of propaganda . 
   ataturk himself made it very clear that he was a nationalist before the ethno-nationalists took it for themselves during the balkan wars and ww2 , nationalists were leftists , democrats and liberals . 
  because they believed in the original values of civil nationalism of the french and american revolution . 
  vasil levsky , revolutionary nationalist , in bulgaria said : `` we 're not driving away the turkish people nor their faith , but the emperor and his laws ( in a word , the turkish government ) , which has been ruling not only us , but the turk himself in a barbarian way . '', 
  and ataturk himself defined a turk as : `` the folk which constitutes the republic of turkey is called the turkish nation . '', 
  no ethnicity mentioned , and the turkish republic was supposed to promote secular and humanistic values , not traditional ones . 
  nothing at all like modern ethno-nationalists . 
   as if ataturk invented some sort of ideology and gave his name to it . 
  it 's unusual to have a local brand name for liberal democracy , but honestly considering how badly being associated with the word liberal is these days ( due to `` economic liberalism '' , and the strangely illiberal identitarian politics of modern `` social liberalism '' ) it might do better for it , rather than be offensive . 
   being ruled over against your own will is slavery . 
  and that is exactly what we asked of politicians the moment we threaten them with elections and juridic decision . 
  we hamstring them , we rule over them , we tell them what to sign and what do to and not do . 
  a social contract , in a way , makes us all slaves to each other , with the powerful getting responsibilities and limits to match their position . 
   enlighten me !, 
  what libertarian and authoritarian movements share : without the rule of law and democracy , the strong slowly gain power over the weak , and a pecking order is set up . 
  and the person at the top of the pecking order is n't the most enlightened or worthy . 
  it 's part luck , part ruthlessness . 
  and yeah , i see your question marks . 
  what can i say if you ca n't figure out why to someone who works for a libertarian , the libertarian looks like an authoritarian without checks and balances , comfortable in his position at the top . 
   statism . 
  word that send chills up my spine , mostly because of the type of people that use it . 
  a state is not supposed to be some foreign power ruling over you . 
  a state is part social contract , part community resource management , largely by telling you what to expect from it beforehand in the form of a constitution . 
  all forms of authoritarianism despise the lack of flexibility of having a constitution imposed on them . 
  in the end , as far as i 'm concerned , a libertarian is a mini-fascist that despises to be ruled over and wants unquestioned power over what he sees as his own . 
  and a authoritarian is a libertarian who decided that the whole country should be considered his own . 
  both equally blind to the consequences of their actions . 
  there 's also the very real danger of land squating . 
  where companies buy a lot of land early , and then just sit on it , waiting to sell it for a much higher price later . 
  so i can see the logic behind `` 75 % agricultural profits '' if that was n't so easily exploited by those smart enough to create shell companies . 
  calm down man , they 're not going to start removing the topsoil and shipping it out to dubai . 
  it 's still going to be there , the ownership secured only by the good graces of the government . 
  that 's the thing about a lot of the `` illiberal democracy '' reactionaries , they move the realm of acceptable behavior further into the vile despite their `` best intentions '' . 
  it comes with the territory of all `` golden age '' rethoric , you remember only the good things , and forget all the horrible things that made society move away from it . 
  and that 's because i do n't distinguish between one form of authoritarianism based of force from another from form of authoritarianism based on force . 
  at one point you posted a response talking about the inherent barbarism of democracy in comparison with the much better option of monarchy . 
  the land limit might not be a bad idea , but everything else is terrible . 
  they provide loopholes for local robberbarons to not need to compete with western companies , allowing them to buy land for cheaper . 
  there are solutions to neglect of land that dont involve making rural areas poorer and a select few richer . 
   `` in the eu , we should carry on negotiations with switzerland in the same way as we would have if there were no question on britain , '' merkel said after a meeting with swiss president johann schneider-amman in berlin on wednesday . 
  `` switzerland has a right as a sovereign country with deep ties to the eu to be treated with its recommendations based on its own independent position and according to its wishes , without being placed in another context . '' `` think in the short term and in the specific , not in the long term and in the big picture '' , says populist politician with no scruples . 
  money is not immediately convertible to military victory . 
  history is filled with rich countries with mythical armies who completely faltered when confronted with what were thought to be inferior forces . 
   if russia invades , a good chunk of the eu will be ravaged by war ; regardless of what the usa does . 
  this . 
  and any lack of extensive planning or preparation only puts more of europe under threat as the front line reaches deeper . 
  at the same time pushing deeper into russian territory makes our lines harder to supply for no gain . 
  we need european solutions to this . 
  we 've seen what does n't work , we need to figure out what could . 
  wait , if i read the wikipedia page bellow correctly , you guys actually entirely eliminated the concept of ethnic minority in 2012 , to be replaced with the term nationality , from a recognized list of 13 . 
  if this is true , words fail me . 
  and no , it 's not uncivilized to expect people to think as nationality and ethnicity differently , because they are different . 
  and they were in hungary as well until 2012 . 
  then apparently you decided to increase divisive forces in your own country . 
  while i 'm a firm believer in minority rights , this is something quite special . 
  like a modern version of the austro-hungarian ethnic divisions . 
  edit : 2011 was also the year when you extended hungarian citizenship to ethnic hungarians in other states was n't it ? 
  it all fits together , ethno-nationalist government wants its brand of nationalism to be the only brand of nationalism . 
   no , the literal constitution of hungary uses the word ` nationality ' . 
  there are 13 non-hungarian nationalities living in hungary . 
  ethnicity is a different thing , a better word would be ancestry for that i guess that 's confusing is n't it ? 
  for example , for me , someone of romanian descent living , working and voting in hungary is a hungarian by nationality and a romanian by ethnicity . 
  same with a hungarian ethnic living in romania . 
  that 's because , nationality , in the original french and american revolutionary meaning of the word , implies someone functioning within the polity of a state , with right and responsabilities , a citizen . 
  that is , it 's a state of present action , not dependent on one 's ancestry but by one 's current choices . 
   no it 's not , it 's president 's job to represent the country on the international stage that 's a fair interpretation of things . 
  although ` de facto ' undermined . 
   and i am part of the nation , even , unlike many people in the country that does have voting rights but arent part of the nation . 
  how can you have voting rights and not be part of the nation . 
  that does n't really make sense .
