  i 'd love to not live in fear . 
  i 'd love to not have had an invasion happen in the peninsula off our eastern coast . 
  i 'd love it if montenegro , kosovo and serbia were n't being manipulated into becoming warzones to our west . 
  i 'd love if we did n't need troops stationed in the baltic just in case . 
  i 'd love not to worry about the gas being cut off until we say who rules bartertown . 
  i 'm in fact a huge fan of not living in fear . 
  where is the russian solidarity and respect regarding that then ? 
  are you serious ? 
  we 've been dealing with gas blackmail , invasions and electoral manipulation and you 're asking to take a moment and think how this is all our fault ? 
  do you think we 're all idiots or just human punching bags ? 
  you 're trying to see an argument for justification in what i wrote . 
  and that 's simply not there . 
  but if you think that no country is innocent , where some countries detain political opponents while others actually pay them to campaign , then you are the fool . 
  there is a line between barbarity and civilization . 
  and while we can despise and denigrate barbarity , we can do so without forgetting other forms of barbarity done . 
  if we pause and hesitate , it 's because we are not idiots , we are not naive , and we are not forgetful . 
  we remember , even in sadness , even in loss . 
  the two russian related stories on the front page today are : st. petersburg attack and the mass dissapearance of gay citizens . 
  this `` social construct '' you 're mocking , is one where we pause to consider a tragedy among a country who 's taken to committing them on a regular basis . 
  it is still a tragedy , but lost in a larger horror that we 're being asked to forget just this once . 
  and maybe then again tomorrow , the day after that , and maybe we 'll forget ukraine and georgia while we are at it , and only remember again when another front is opened . 
  well , the point of a transition period is to give the uk access to the common market and custom area long enough for it to implement whatever preparations are needed for the agreed arrangements , and avoid a sudden a cliffs edge situation . 
  like the idiots that we are , we 've assumed that the link between the common market and free movement has sunk it by this point . 
  i admit , this was delusional levels of optimism on our part . 
  i 'm stunned at the audacity honestly . 
  i now wonder if they also do that for ukraine for every casualty caused . 
  remind me my dear fellow , was there a dutch flag shown in moscow when mh17 was shot down ? 
  so we went through the whole spectrum of cliche and then gave up . 
  typical . 
  you 're right , decision making around law is important . 
  but a code of law in and of itself contains the foundation of a functioning liberal society . 
  in contract to the feudalistic system of personal justice . 
  a feudal system works by having punishment and reward decided by the local ruler as circumstances dictate . 
  it is not written , it is simply suspected by the character of the leadership . 
  this leads to paternalists and nepotistic systems where the ruler can decide the systems of the day . 
  but a code of law ends that . 
  it depersonalizes law and steals a weapon from the ruler . 
  it only applies when written , so a ruler ca n't punish something without changing the law first . 
  it applies universally , so a ruler can not decide who he favours and who he hates . 
  it is known and read , so ambiguity in interpretation can be avoided . 
  in romania we see this dychotomy between feudal/paternalistic and rule of law battles through corruption charges . 
  everyone agrees that corruption laws should be there , but the authoritarians want discretion about where it applies , to who , and how much while those fighting for the rule of law apply it universally without prejudice or favour . 
  you should n't just focus on making a country free , but also making it bound . 
  bound to principles , to values , to procedures . 
  without that freedom is given by strength and wealth . 
  i bet that if orban 's government was properly investigated , and rules applies as are written , then the entire government would collapse just like ours did . 
  orban 's strength is n't just in making the law , but also avoiding it . 
  you have a point . 
  but rule of law implies due process , judicial independence , and non-retroactive lawmaking . 
  a justice that is not only blind , but apolitical . 
  authoritarians are perfectly capable of using that , but almost always unwilling since it does n't discriminate in its favour depending on circumstances . 
  it 's a loss of control to a fixed code . 
  inevitably , authoritarians want to free themselves and at the same time enslave the people . 
  and that means returning internal decision to the `` personal touch '' of government representative overseeing proceedings and giving the politically favourable result , not the legal result . 
  this has been one of the sticking points for autocratic monarchies regarding written constitutions , same repulsion to being restricted . 
  considering we were perfectly okay with that until outright invasions happened , and apparently are stilling willing to suck up , maybe you should start doing it . 
  we might even feel guilty about making you turn off the gas , for all the inconvenience . 
  it 's far deeper than that . 
  the market reacts to perception , a forecast is always a potential self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  by delaying forecasts they can hope that no matter what the potential reality , a good perception is fostered and the market picks up . 
  a bad forecast cements itself in stone though , as market reacts to it . 
  in many ways , they 're avoiding doing to themselves what 's been done with the eurozone where a perception war was fought over investment opportunities , with the eurozone and greece especially loosing out . 
  it 's likely the most talked about issue internally . 
  but that 's not the talking point hungary and poland have taken publicly so it 's falling on deaf ears . 
  it might be possible that cdu has accepted that it 's a failure , and people will move , and is using it as a pro since all it really wants is to appear like it 's lowering asylum numbers in germany , since effective is too politically expensive due to humanitarian issues . 
  but since poland and hungary benefit from opposition , they 're ignoring that concession in favour of continuing the fight . 
  this is all supposition mind you . 
  they might all be honest and we 're being lead by idiots . 
  the issue as i see it is that the tories have won . 
  they 've been thatcherizing the economy , and all new labour did was find a more human way of going about it . 
  they completely reformulated the political consensus . 
  expecting them to transform the economy at what might be the high point of their victory leaves everyone else to wonder : into what ? 
  what other shape could they imagine let alone want ? 
  it 'll be an interesting ride . 
  a more vicious and terrifying form of duck ? 
  well , all uk newspapers have been feeling the heat over their funding and staying in business . 
  you simply ca n't trust any of them anymore because of this . 
  the pressure has them get in bed with clickbait metrics or with dubious think tanks willing to spew out articles for nothing . 
  you simply ca n't rely on a cache of trust built up previously to go by . 
  or any knowledge of `` bias '' they had . 
  it 's all about connections/ownership and clicks now . 
  and this likely serves both . 
  so you have to be more skeptical . 
  in many ways , the anglo-media landscape is now exactly like eastern europe 's . 
  the papers are megaphones for the rich . 
  as someone who was interested and hopeful for the nabbucco pipeline while it was still discussed , this is extremely unlikely to impossible . 
  intra-state politics will kill it , if the costs involved and funding difficulties wo n't . 
  we 're just too balkanized for this to happen without a central actor like russia pushing for it . 
  he 's trying to crown the uk the most exceptional of those who needed to go to the imf for emergency funding once their national budget went bust after decades of missmanagement . 
  the king of the bankrupt debtors . 
  that alone should signal no desire to admit romanians as anything more than petty , untrustworthy foreigners unlike the wholesome british sound economic minds that allowed that bit of blundery to happen . 
  not even fussed anymore . 
  it 's standard operating procedure . 
  the eu has not issued any such statement . 
  and no eu related media , like politico or euractiv , have picked up on it or any other national media like faz or le monde . 
  it might , and brace yourself here , not exist and they 're talking out of their murdoch owned ass . 
  so does this not count as a failure ? 
  hey , come to romania . 
  learn to live in a political atmosphere where you see left and right for the empty labels that they truly are , and understand that the battle between authoritarianism and rule of law transcend all borders and politics . 
  or do n't and keep thinking that labeling yourself either makes you immune to being dupped by conmen .
