  are you sure that is what you want ? 
  it is , strictly speaking , a democracy . 
  despite all the cards beings stacked in the background through shady methods . 
  it 's the new pattern of `` illiberal democracy '' , staying just above the technical criteria of being a one party state , but never putting yourself at risk of giving up power . 
  and it 's working , many are taking these democracies as models of national sovereignty ... like they did back in the 1930s . 
   i ca n't believe how this guy is sucking up to erdogan , especially after he called fellow eu member states nazi 's and fascists . 
  people like putin , erdogan , orban etc only respect and endear themselves to people that can hurt them . 
  that 's why putin and erdogan de-escalated just after the jet crash and just short of a armenia-azerbaijan proxy war and are now close partners . 
  erdogan can win or loose orban 's election depending on if , when and how he opens the tap on the migrant issue . 
  they call w. europe and the eu nazis and fascists exactly because they can knowing that nothing will be done to them , they can say anything and they 'll still get money as long as they play the victim . 
  it 's master-slave mentality , where they see only power relationships , not any sort of fraternity of values . 
  what berlusconi says and what berlusconi thinks are worlds apart . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.miniszterelnok.hu/prime-minister-viktor-orbans-speech-at-the-turkish-hungarian-business-forum/ ) is the speech he gave at the meeting . 
   hungary 's standing up for turkey is not a one-off event , but the result of a strategy . 
  hungary is a conservative country which prioritises enduring human values . 
  money is , of course , important , and it 's good to have more of it than less . 
  business is important , and it 's good to realise that you have a stable footing , that you have a safe background . 
  but hungarians do not believe that business and money are the most important things in the world : it 's more important to have friends . 
  and if you have friends , you are also bound by obligations : you stand by your friends , even though sometimes it might be uncomfortable . 
  you can therefore rest assured that whatever anti-turkish statements are heard in major european countries , hungary will never add its voice to them . 
  this is because hungary is on the turkish people 's side , and we believe that we europeans should look at turkey in the context of its imminent status as europe 's largest country . 
  turkey is situated on the edge of europe , protecting the continent 's interior . 
  if you were not doing your duty , europe would have been flooded by millions of migrants -- who it would not have known what to do with . 
  today turkey is protecting europe , and it deserves respect and recognition for this . 
  for our part , we shall always accord you that respect . 
  not really . 
  israel has been part of the same conservative strong man brigade as turkey 's erdogan and hungary 's orban for a while now , under netanyahu . 
  if you 've seen orban 's latest trip to turkey , you notice that they 're all very chummy with each other , despite expectations . 
  or , you know , someone who speaks something else than english . 
  i am hoping , really hoping that the hungarian and polish government made an agreement that hungary can suck up to russia the moment poland gets lng promises from trump , and their both sort of coordinating their finlandization . 
  i have to , otherwise there is no hope for the region as anything else but an insane asylum . 
   no , i wouldnt like eu to stop germany . 
  i would like germany itself to recognize the problem . 
  and yes , they block the prospects of polish ports and german ( or even eu , of course germany dominated ) courts have decided that its not illegal . 
  but it 's not a problem is it ? 
  at least , not for germany . 
  germany in fact gets cheaper gas as a result . 
  so you have poland , telling germany what to do , for the good of poland . 
  welcome to the world of `` muh soverengty '' . 
  where every country only cares about itself . 
  even hungary has now made a deal with russia . 
  welcome to the mentality you yourself are promoting , and have been promoting on this board for months . 
   you misunderstand . 
  we dont trust anyone to protect us . 
  we believe russia has to consider all options and that the fact itself keeps us safe for now . 
  also , we prefer the us gas over the russian , for obvious political reasons . 
  and if the us sells you out ? 
  what if this newfound friendship is just a way to get concession from russia in the me and next year you see a massive pull back as your defense is traded away again ? 
  this is pawn-thinking , but safe today does not mean safe tomorrow . 
  i really do n't approve of it . 
   no one is respecting european military and european will to fight . 
  those are important political assets . 
  but we can change that . 
  that , unlike america 's interest , is completely in our power . 
  we are literally giving up control for the sake of a gamble over what america wants . 
   my beef with the norstream is that it limits the tonnage of ships that can sail into developing polish ports . 
  its clearly the dishonest competition from german side . 
  do you want poland to stay quiet about the clear injustice for political reasons ? 
  i would really like to see a reference to that tonnage limit , because that would genuinely be illegal . 
  that being said , i think you 'd know by now i want ns stopped . 
   but if we talk about political reasons i think you dont understand that its more than `` tying germany to russia '' . 
  the ability to stop flow of gas to ukraine without disrupting the flow to the west practically pushes the ukraine into russian hands . 
  they can blackmail them into anything now . 
  just so you know . 
  why are you acting like i do n't want ns2 stopped ? 
  and i asked you a question !, 
  do you want the eu to stop germany over this ? 
  i do , i believe it should , but you ca n't seem to give an answer and the polish government definitely fears having the eu tell nations what they should or should n't do . 
  when germany says `` muh sovereignty '' over it 's energy supplies , how is that any different than poland about ... most of everything these days ? 
   change that first and we can discuss this again . 
  poland and the uk literally blocked the new eu military mission center because it had the word `` headquarters '' in it . 
  so changing our military ability is proving a bit of a hassle from certain quarters . 
   as long as we have common interest with usa , america will protect us from russian influence . 
  and thats all we really need . 
  see you next western betrayal brother . 
  apparently you never learn , like a perpetual abuse victim . 
   and nordstreams show how `` relatively equal '' eu is . 
  i 'm going to be blunt . 
  do you want the eu to shut down nord stream for political reasons ? 
  do you want the eu to cut down german sovereignty over it 's energy deals ? 
  i want to hear a clear yes or no . 
  because let 's be honest , poland wants ns2 so germany is n't tied to russia , not because of any direct damage and that sort of reasoning is valid , but it implies national sovereignty is less important than political implication for the union . 
   as for the `` integrated eu '' , eu itself is usa vassal , at least in military sense . 
  only as long as we keep allowing it , we can always change that . 
   trump attending the intermarium summit today shows that alliance with usa is not exclusive with the idea . 
  it absolutely is , as has been seen regarding discussion about eu integration `` competing '' with nato . 
  right now the intermarium is a side-show he can amuse himself with , get serious and watch the critics come out of the woodwork asking us to be better nato members and stop the silliness . 
  america will always be critical of anything that looks like it 's getting to independent . 
  it 's just eastern european skepticism . 
  you do n't need a source , it all insight and political pessimism . 
  even when wrong , it 's useful . 
  unfortunately , in this case , it 's has a spoonful of ignorance thrown in since the user does n't ken what `` single market '' means . 
  intermarium or integrated eu . 
  you know alliances between relative equals . 
   the choice is between being a russian or american vassal . 
  we tried both options . 
  those are n't the only options , but honestly i 'm not surprised those are the options you give yourselves . 
  german and french workers ? 
  you think it 's just german and french workers in their defense industry ? 
  those are our jobs as well being given away .
