  at least if that was true things would get done , an ability that still eludes us as of now . 
  what exactly do you consider good though ? 
   their food seriously sucks . 
  probably even worse than german food . 
  are you from a parallel dimension ? 
  welcome visitor , please come enjoy the abundance of meat that is germanic and slavic cuisine . 
   i just wanted to make the comment because we ( us scandinavians ) sometimes get a lot of hate from certain countries because of our `` godlessness '' and `` pervession '' so to people who have seen both this statistic and the hate , might not understand what is happening  you know , some people actually admire those traits . 
  many might be willing to hate , loudly and proudly actually considering their style , but you wo n't see them rushing into monasteries and nunneries . 
   devoutly practicing christians in romania hehehe , `` devout '' . 
  no , you 're right . 
  we 're all very god-fearing , except when god is n't looking . 
  admittedly , it 's not like vvd has been trying to make the eu any stronger . 
  and ever since orban has made sure no such attack of honestly or exposure ever hit his party . 
  thanks for this . 
  it 's exactly the right amount of detail  . 
  i guess i underestimated how profitable reclaimed land could be in a few years . 
  i thought desalinization took decades . 
  and since we do n't see projects like the zuiderzee anymore , i was just stumped how anyone could have afforded it a century ago . 
   as for how we funded it ; well ... we kind of invented capitalism and free trade . 
  free as in ; free to create dutch trading monopolies around the world for centuries . 
  see what i want to know is exactly how . 
  you ca n't possibly tell me someone managed to convince farmers to buy futures for what is essentially high-salinity land . 
  so unless the state pumped humongous amount of cash into land-reclamation instead of anything else it could have used it for , like schools , hospitals and taxcuts , i 'm still no clearer how anyone could afford to manage what are essentially mega-projects . 
  to this day , i still do n't understand how the dutch have managed to fund uplifting half-their country from the sea . 
  what is your secret ? 
  the thing that really guts me , and this likely shows how shallow i am , is how they 've done more against tusk in one day than they 've done against russia in a year . 
  i admit , it shows my bias . 
  i consider a certain amount of russian paranoia reasonable . 
  but pis paints itself as far more than that , completely against it in every , way shape and form . 
  and then they go ahead and copy it exactly and attack fellow poles of every political denomination as if they 're traitors to their country . 
  meanwhile they do nothing , zero , squat , against our common external threat . 
   27 countries voted for its president , only one disagrees , but now the whole union will disintegrate because of this one guy 's problem with it . 
  how self centred can you be ? 
  and what kind of people let 's his leaders behave like this ? 
  sigh . 
  we 're all still learning . 
  fuck me if it is n't a painful and long lesson . 
   i think the eu would benefit from going back to a core of countries who are really interested in making it work . 
  in solving problems as they come up instead of constantly threatening to destroy a union where they entered voluntarily . 
  maybe , two-speed is always an option . 
  although even with two speed , it can only work if they do n't implement the poison of liberum veto . 
  in democracy there are always losers and winners , and the best we can manage is make sure everyone gets to be both in equal measure . 
  not everyone can walk away from a meeting smiling , and that 's something members have to swallow instead of threatening to tear everything down in a tantrum . 
   no no no . 
  poles criticize only their own local productions . 
  we eat foreign cultural mush with zero complaining . 
  brother !, 
   this russian fantasy ? 
  i only played in video game i did n't know there was a movie . 
  do n't know about video game , but there was a book series . 
  the movies were n't great , would n't suggest as anything but film equivelant of junk food . 
  but there simply is n't enough proper e.e-tinted sf/fantasy so i watch whatever . 
  still waiting for a new stalker movie/series ... maybe one day . 
  and as a tasteless romanian i will eat it all up no matter how bad it is , like a hungry man licking the floor for scraps . 
  i actually thought the night watch movies were descent , so after that low-point in my life , i 'm just happy i get to watch more e.e fantasy on the big screen . 
   edit : oh and ffs give tomasz bagi\u0144ski more work . 
  he 's a national treasure !, 
  i would , they 're fantastic people who 've been lead by self-serving petty tin-pot tyrants . 
  new witcher movie is coming , directed by tomasz bagi\u0144ski who did the fantastic allegro shorts as well as the esa 's phylae short . 
  so , be excited !, 
  that actually has deep consequences : it sets workable precedents for by-passing unanimity . 
  poland is abusing it 's liberum veto and undoing at the same time . 
  it 's not the hero we want , but ... you know the rest . 
  i 'm not sure `` explain '' is something i can do . 
  because all i can admit to is that it was a largely undocumented mess , and that statement alone put me against the `` direct continuity with rome '' fanatics . 
  but i also believe that in the 20th century , someone was going to have their heartbroken by transylvania , because it was part hungarian , part saxon and part romanian all which had deep historical and cultural ties to it , it was bosnia-herzegovina of it 's time , and the new centralized nations with clean borders and very definite religious and linguistic homogeneity policies did n't fit it . 
  before that ? 
  all used to be more spread out , more diverse , more mixed , and after centuries of conversions , assimilation , class systems , and various ethnic strife `` romanian '' was anyone who managed to speak an intelligible version of the language family and were significantly connected with each other by the time the printing press hit . 
  which left out the aromanians , istro-romanians , megleno-romanians who did n't really adopt the new found romanticist ethno-identity of romanian . 
  but included a decent portion of the transylvanian population , which turned it into disputed land for any new nation-state of ethnic romanians . 
  and our rulers tried to take it , lost , and then were given it by the winners . 
  no right , no `` reunited '' , just the way things worked out . 
  but there are no more romanians where they used to be in former basarabia , cetatea alba is now ukrainian instead of an old moldovan capital . 
  you loose , you win , and then you loose some more . 
  i admit , i do n't know what the hungarian sources say . 
  my hungarian is improving at a snails pace so it might be awhile until i found out . 
  but we 're both pretty much alike , so i assume a lot of non-sense about `` who was here first '' and territorial continuity . 
  i ca n't comment on that , i do n't think it matters , and i do n't think it 's that simple . 
  this is a land that has had every tribe of europe on it . 
  slav , ugrik , turk , greek , latin , and likely countless unnamed or forgotten . 
  we even had hussite refugees fleeing the catholic church , and old believers that fleed the russian one . 
  all now admitedly speak romanian :p . but discussing `` who was here first '' , misses out the grand history of who came here afterwards . 
  to begin with , romania is not supposed to exist . 
  we loop-holed an international treaty by the voivodates choosing the same king . 
  quality of life wise , we were tributaries and battlegrounds . 
  we never really modernized properly because of it until the forced industrializations of the mid 20th . 
  as for territories , it only looks that we grew if you think the `` romanian voivods '' as a direct representation of the romanian population . 
  what actually happened is we pushed westwards and then compacted as the soviet union expanded , and the balkan states homogonized their interior populations according to ethnicity . 
  similar to what happened to poland but over a longer period of time . 
  and none of that was done for our good . 
  we only gained transylvania to further break down the austro-hungarian empire . 
  a means to an end . 
   not from my viewpoint , but to some they could well be . 
  you know , you 're just saying , putting it out there , leaving it open for discussion , keeping an open mind , taking opinions , blah , blah , yeah . 
  we get it , no need for the mental gymnastics and the distancing . 
  you 're not fooling anyone . 
  `` oh my , what large infrastructure you built ! '', 
  said the revisionist . 
  `` the better to exploit and consume the land , darling . '', 
  responded the imperial power .
