  i agree that it helped , but it did n't have to . 
  you have to consider it as part of a larger system , that we got somewhat lucky in having . 
  the presidential election protests and the colectiv protests worked because we managed to hit on a viable alternative . 
  by comparison the ` colour revolutions ' of other countries tended to lead to disappointing administrations , when they worked at all . 
  the mszp protests in hungary lead to orban being elected , a man who 's made sure he never has to fear the same happening to him . 
  if there is n't a viable alternative that we can change to , if the system is n't set up right , no amount of protests will change anything at all . 
  protest has to be an accompaniment to political and institutional organization . 
  do you know the history of the french revolution ? 
  liberals used to have the sort of radical revolutionaries that made priests and kings quake in their boots . 
  liberal did n't mean nice , or fluffy , liberal meant that you had certain ideals that promised individual freedom . 
  how you went about getting them varied . 
   the government did back down on the mining project only because of the popular outrage . 
  the government never did . 
  what happened is pnl saw its opportunity and back-stabbed the parliamentary coalition , leaving ponta without enough support to pass it . 
   `` crying '' does n't help . 
  massive protests do help . 
  massive protests like the iraq protests , or the occupy protests ? 
  [ what do you thing the co-founder of the occupy movement thinks now ? ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmgawhonyto ) from the article :  craciun , the academic and activist , is skeptical that romania is headed for systemic change . 
  `` the government 's strategy is to accommodate the protesters , '' he says . 
  `` they sacrifice a person or change a law . 
  we do have some victories but they do n't change the way the system operates . '' this is the right attitude . 
  not the occupy naive 60 's re-enactment movement , or the two tailed dog party 's clowny little show in hungary . 
  no non-sense realism that seeks to make the best of a continuously bad situation . 
   i can perfectly imagine people in future talking about horrors of `` child killings '' , just like we talk about slavery or ritual sacrifices ... 
  i can to . 
  in a future where a person can choose 100 % if they menstruate or not without any medical drawbacks , and where we engineer away genetic defects . 
  both of which will horrify the people who argue against abortion currently , so they 're definitely not going to be the ones to bring that future into being . 
  the revolutionaries themselves were really liberal . 
  women 's right , equality of minorities , democracy , all of it . 
  the subsequent leaders that took advantage of the chaos were not , and sort of lead a counter-revolt against the intellectual elite that initially lead the movement . 
  and also had population growth incentives to boot . 
  ceausescu 's nationalism was surprisingly good education for shit not to do during the 21st century . 
   `` the political establishment was overwhelmed by citizens ' sustained collective outrage . '', 
  bloody west and it 's obsession with trying to find anything that confirms their biases . 
  no wonder the modern left there is so useless . 
  there 's an immense amount of things that can be learned from romania over the past few years . 
  lessons on public organization , the importance of a fragmented political landscape , the advantage of opposing institutions , the benefits of having the right people get ahead , and of outside supervision . 
  but the western mentality of `` if you cry hard enough change happens '' is simply childish . 
  definitely . 
  but until europe gets some actual leadership , you 'd be teetering at the edge of unbridled optimism when simply hopping the situation does n't spiral into finger-pointing shit show . 
  ideally we 'd still be having troops secure the border to syria since 2012 , funding refugee camps nearby , and bleeding them out to select hotstop throughout the eu . 
  but that did n't happen , instead we bombed libya . 
   so they ( we ) would be facing similar problems that countries that are keeping them now are facing ? 
  much worse . 
  if a third country does n't obey the `` first safe country '' rule and allows transit , the media does n't pick it up , and everybody just shrugs and accept the world is shit and deals with the problem while figuring out how to bribe that country to keep to the rules . 
  if a eu country does n't apply `` first safe country '' , the media jumps on it like a rabid pug , intra-eu treaties get broken , internal mechanism get borked , the threat of sanctions gets thrown around , so on and so forth , because grand-standing . 
  you know , it 's amazing how much shitier things can be once you bring a camera into the equation . 
  not really . 
  migrants do n't want to stay in greece/italy , and in return greece/italy have no incentive to keep them . 
  and the `` flexible solidarity '' plans are n't winning them over , not that i blame them . 
  if we ca n't keep people close to the syrian border and the lybian cost , we 'll be facing a situation where either greece/italy or the v4 will feel a quick-whiplash of political fallout . 
  and the former already got it 's share 2011-2015 . 
  well , to be honest , everything east of berlin probably should have been kept under a cmv-type mechanism for atleast half a decade longer . 
  except eesti , they seem to have their shit together . 
   the reason that many of these people reached the eu was because their was no external border control . 
  i was in greece in 2009 and there were already having issue controlling everyone . 
  border control is n't some unlimited resource , you know . 
  after greece , they managed to pass into macedonia , then into serbia , all which had border control . 
  and in 2015 , when i was in hungary , the amount of people passing was staggering . 
  again , the hungarian forces had trouble keeping them in , and in fact it seemed like orban was trying to have them move on . 
   you might not to admit it but hungary effectively ended its transit migrant problem after they decided to control their external border . 
  yeah , it must be me not admitting it . 
  the decrease in asylum application in germany coinciding with the turkish deal must have been fantasy . 
  ca n't possibly be true any other way ...  the migrants can apply for asylum like everybody else and go through official channels . 
  if they do n't like it they can return to wherever they came from . 
  and they do , when they figure they to have to move on , plenty of asylum applications in serbia that no one is there for . 
  but they try to avoid doing it in smaller countries out of fear they will be kept there , and the smaller countries do n't want to keep them so it works out into a mutual beneficial arrangement . 
  seriously , you have no idea how fucking complicated this is . 
  this is n't `` amateur hour '' stuff , where suggestion for a masonry decoration sound like a good substitute for a plan . 
  europe runs on ideals . 
  the ideals of the french revolution . 
  the ideals of garibaldi . 
  the ideals of the martyrs of arad . 
  the ideals of vasil levski . 
  the ideals of mustafa kemal atat\u00fcrk . 
  it is what separates us from the religious and ethnic strife of the middle east and africa . 
  and if they require subtle understanding , it 's because they are exquisite in nature . 
   as long as people are not willing to do anything about it , then it hardly matters , does n't it ? 
  there 's a link to a turkish protest on the front page . 
  people want a change , and the fact that they 're not rushing gives us time and keeps things civil . 
  let the situation unfold . 
   you mean the talks where the cypriots ( admittedly the turkish ones ) want to join roc , and turkey refuses to let them without concessions ? 
  there 's already been one referendum . 
  and right now the talks are still running smoothly . 
  i have n't heard of any `` refusals without concessions '' . 
   i 'm sure if we super duper pinkie promise that this time we 'll totes be more supporitve , a turk or ten might fall for it . 
  do n't be disparaging . 
  it 's soft-politics , but it 's not toothless . 
  people do die for ideals . 
  our task is to live by them . 
  does n't seem unreasonable . 
   without a mortal enemy/opposing ideology , there is no political movement to topple the current regime . 
  the lines are too blurred for it to be straightforward . 
  we 've done it in ukraine . 
  it 's been done in spain with franco . 
  the more erdogan sinks into authoritarianism , the more he turns into an opposing force . 
  we never actually have to lift a finger , people will see the direction things are taking . 
  admitedly , way past the point after the damage is done . 
   you 're describing what we 've been doing for the last half century and why we 're in this situation in the first place .
