  considering that he will represent the parliament next election , when the council plans to gut the spitzenkandidat system , the role is extremely important . 
  schulz fought for that system . 
  with him in charge , the council can just propose some puppet like lagarde again , and the european people will be back in the cold with no say in the matter . 
   britain has always sided with israel , hardly a shock . 
  actually no , it has n't . 
  quite the opposite , britain has historically been pro-arab for the last century . 
  this has lead to numerous tensions with the us . 
  this is actually a complete u-turn from british middle eastern policy . 
  yeah , it 's annoying considering they are blocking romania and bulgaria from schengen over corruption , and we 're the most pro-eppo country in the council . 
  considering the pif blocking as well , i suspect that a good number of vat fraud has found home there . 
  you 're forgetting a very obvious element in their criticism : they are afraid eurojust , which is based in the netherlands , will get less staff and money because of it . 
  every council meeting they asked the same question : will eurojust get less money , and they are the only ones who ask it . 
  yup , as can be seen in the new nuclear power deal , but it 's far older than that . 
  here 's something that offers a summary : https://dgap.org/en/article/getfullpdf/27609, 
   the opposition egy\u00fctt party said the case surrounding the metro 4 project highlighted the need for an eu public prosecutor 's office . 
  if the hungarian authorities are incapable of protecting hungarian and european taxpayers , there is a need for a new institution , m\u00e1rton pataki , head of the party 's budapest chapter , told a press conference . 
  current opposition * to eppo : netherlands , hungary , poland , greece . 
  please contact your government , this is actually very important , another tool to use against corruption and fraud . 
  video of the state positions from last meeting [ here !, 
  ] ( http://video.consilium.europa.eu/en/webcast/39d58dd3-b03a-4c3b-b3a0-6992674259a6 ) * to note : all the other states sound like they had enough of their shit , and want to get it done yesterday . 
  oh , * they * definitely did . 
  airstrip one is back in service . 
  money talks , and they all have the same message being whispered into their ear these days . 
  i admit , i 'm liberal and i 'm not comfortable with either the 5star or epp moves . 
  but in the years i 've seen him in the eu parliament , to my knowledge , he 's not done something like this . 
  maybe that 's because he was happy playing king-maker before in ' 09 - ' 14 , and supporting schulz in ' 14-now , and now he needs to find a new niche . 
  either way , i 'm taking a wait and see approach . 
  if he manages to come out of this with a bit more influence for him and his party , i 'll keep backing him . 
  i 'll be damned if i end up supporting the political equivalent of wall flowers , like other liberals do , out of a distaste for the methods involved . 
  edit : of course , if he ca n't keep his own meps from putting sticks in the wheels over all of this , then he clearly is n't doing a good job of things . 
  party cohesion is 3/4 of the damn job . 
  hah , a nation governed by foreign tweet . 
  a good politician is in good part an opportunist and a dodger . 
  same way a good lawyer is a two-faced liar . 
  and you 're hardly going to hire a bad lawyer , just because you find that skill distasteful . 
  people who try to support decent human beings in politics , get disappointed when they falter under the incredible weight of the media spin , the political hit jobs , the heart-rending compromises , and the stonewalling . 
  look at the lib-dems in the uk , they were in many ways decent , if flawed , people , and they got butchered in the coalition . 
  no political acumen to them . 
  he 's been a good candidate for the eu since 2004 , [ which is why he failed to get picked for commission president in all that time . 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/2812292 ) unfortunately , with the spitzenkandidat system and due to the sickly nature of alde liberals europe-wide he 'll likely never have another chance at a leadership position again , despite his main detractors no longer being in a position to block him . 
  i suspect part of the reason the euro is inflating is because of all the foreign currency reserves the boe must be burning through to dampen the pound . 
  russian backed extremists have also been discovered in hungary where a explosion in budapest , lead to a trail that ended with a shoot-out with a far-right nationalist stockpiling weapons . 
  [ more details ] ( http://index.hu/belfold/2016/10/28/russian_diplomats_exercised_with_hungarian_cop_killer_s_far-right_gang/ ) we are seeing the creation of a new network in the style of gladio/red brigades , and russian-friendly countries are the first to show the advanced signs of it , in the form of para-military forces . 
  honestly , would n't place the entire blame on the turkish government . 
  the greek government is also at fault over serious blunders , verging on sabotage . 
  it 's looking like both cypriot factions have guarantors who 's only redeeming feature is that they 're better than nothing , and otherwise get in the way . 
   also they need the second biggest political block to affirm a strong european answer to the various threats on the eu . 
  in the last decade , have you gotten the impression that any epp politician actually cares about any of that ? 
   still it 's probable tajani will be elected . 
  i guess tusk wo n't get a second mandate . 
  he likely wo n't but not because he 's epp , despite it . 
  with most member states now in epp hands , and likely staying that way , why would they ever give up a seat ? 
   well of course they show their dissatisfaction , they are n't there to give back massages to s&d or epp . 
  i 'm interested in that analogy , it reminds me of that nonsense of a whig sense of history as if a wonderful liberal and only rational future awaits us . 
  do n't know why it would . 
  but i 've meet people like that , they 're so much talk and so little action . 
  they say things that sound good , or give them the leftist brownie points , without thinking . 
  half the time they are their own worst enemy because the shallow understanding of their own ideology leaves them parroting points that only work inside their own circles . 
  they have no real goal , it 's become a social clique . 
  the gue-ngl leader fits that description . 
  i 've been with them , i 've been in the tent meetings of occupy , in the young socialist gatherings . 
  they genuinely think that they are , more like what you described , the right end of history and that alone will see them through the end . 
  until that , they 'll waste the days away with symbolic resistance , self-victimization and endless petty dramas . 
  they are in every other way useless . 
  wo n't negotiate , wo n't give , wo n't see the other side , wo n't settle for a compromise , wo n't admit they are wrong , and they do n't even really fight they just show up . 
  might as well paint a stone red and give it a protest sign . 
   what left ? 
  alde supporting tajani along side efdd or ecr is nothing more than showing how in the end they 'll side with the conservatives and status quo supporters when they have a chance to help a new direction . 
  i agree . 
  i really ca n't see what they hope to gain from this . 
  gue-ngl are sort of , well , idiots . 
  the perpetual backseat drivers of the political world . 
  and half the greens are n't much better . 
  they 're more likely to abstain than side with a winning candidate they can live with . 
  the s&d might actually be looking at certain defeat . 
  maybe what we 're seeing is trying to salvage an utter defeat on the left , by not having tajani seeking support from the weirdies . 
  [ i 've said before how we will be broken ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5nre1o/trump_staff_asked_eu_officials_which_countries/dcdxy19/ ) . 
  we 'll do it ourselves , as we are brainwashed to think it 's in our best interest to do so . 
  no armies or nuclear weapons needed . 
  i thought you were joking , then googled it . 
  this is truly the darkest timeline . 
  i do n't know , it 's all very weird . 
  verhofstadt has n't really played to win in the ep before , he 's been comfortable being the tag-along party with big ideas . 
  they did n't ask a serious question , they signalled a future policy . 
  a lot of resource will now be dedicated to make sure that it 's answered in the right way . 
  i am utterly unsurprised by the position of the fidesz government , the only question was how it was going to be worded . 
   because once you win the war with whoever you 're fighting , you then have to park your carriers off their coast and make sure they do exactly as you say . 
  be it disarm , pay reparations , etc. 
  well . 
  if there 's one thing we 've learned from the various middle east debacles is you ca n't do much with air superiority in terms of political control . 
  there is no replacement for boots on the ground when it comes to policing and securing . 
  not many , even setting aside it 's nature as a heavily militarized area . 
  bribes go down better when they 're coated with a thick lair of plausible deniability and easy rationalizations . 
  and even then , our leaders suck at bismarkian geopolitical manoeuvres . 
  remember how badly they managed ukraine ? 
  nuland 's `` fuck the eu '' ? 
   electromagnetic guns i think will be a better alternative once technology gets better . 
  from what i remember , they 've always been power hungry , in the sort of fast-acting non-chemical way that is very inconvenient to have on a mobile platform . 
  the `` future '' is in many ways trying to do more , with less , faster . 
  the sherman was n't the best tank in ww2 , it was simply the easiest to produce , to fix , to supply , and to man , that gave decent results and that made all the difference .
