  netflix completely dumped the regional model for their new content . 
  it simply does n't make sense for an online distributor . 
  so every new show from them is getting worldwide availability . 
  true , but the reason we need to protect our local ones is because we 've been fairly shit at helping them prosper . 
  viewership is extremely limited due to regional distribution , funding is extremely hard to get and politicized , and there simply is n't an easy way to find out and see anything if you 're from a different country . 
  this is why we watch douzens of american films , while our own industries barely survive , and simply live to get cannes prizes . 
   true , soon even russia can into europe !, 
  we must not rest until we dine on champagne and sarmale in st. petersburg . 
  these fake news need some alternative fact injections to bigly the turkish nation . 
  make authoritarianism great again !, 
  garbed german , peppered with french words . 
  dear turks , good job . 
  you 're a modern country that deserves a balanced leadership , not some middle eastern shithole looking for a strong father figure . 
  oh trust me , i know all about the difficulties with miners . 
  see [ the mineriads ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mineriad ) . 
  thanks for confirming the suspicion . 
  although , that plus the dieselgate revelations as well as the deutsche bank issues make the entire situation feel like the business lobbyists have gained a lot of traction under the current government . 
  ananas has it 's place . 
  in a bowl , yes . 
  in jam , yes . 
  in the bedroom , yes . 
  but on pizza ? 
  that gets you sent to the colonies . ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ heathen . 
  when he was in the council office ? 
  he struck me as retired . 
  i actually disliked how people seem to pick on someone who was clearly on his way out and given one last cushy job . 
  he honestly left no other impression otherwise , i do n't think he wanted to . 
  i admit , the way merkel 's and the cdu 's populism has gone does credit to german voters . 
  it 's clear that the average german has a bigger perspective than himself . 
  but , the average german does n't receive reports each day on the state of the country . 
  they do n't meet lobbyists from companies and ngos explaining problems . 
  they do n't have lunch with world leaders . 
  you ca n't govern a country by constantly pandering to the wishes of a population , that despite being well meaning , can not be expected to make your policies for you . 
  the two domestic policies i know of , the minimum wage and the autobahn tarriff are n't even her policies , they 're the policies of the spd and csu respectively . 
   i dont even know exactly what changed , but i think she reverted her own industrial friendly changes and that led to an instant shut down of the oldest german nuclear power plants . 
  i actually suspect that the cdu is in bed with the coal lobby . 
  i do n't know how true it is , but i do n't think she shed many tears over the influence lost with the nuclear industry . 
  you forgot the rectal probe to get to those hard to reach areas . 
  it 's off picture , next to scented lubricant . 
  as documented by the historical records of [ scandinavia and the world ] ( https://satwcomic.com/mixed-feelings ) . 
   england and netherlands ? 
  first ive heard of it you 're rivals for who the germans actually care about beating in football . 
   being wrong or right is n't really a factor in complicated matters . 
  i see you 're already learning the language . 
  i 'm impressed . 
  right , the `` we 're being ignored '' spiel . 
  have you considered that it might be because the people ignored are actually wrong ? 
  no , of course not . 
  what do i know anyway . 
  i just live in a country where populism ran rampant to the point we no longer have ideological factions . 
  please , vote for anyone who parrots your thoughts uncritically , join us in the dark side . 
  yup , extremely . 
  and to think we used to believe there was more nuance and thought in western democracies . 
  we did n't know you can win votes through europhobia and screaming `` act normal or go away ! '', 
  there . 
  you guys made it quite clear that any referendum with the word eu in it will get a negative . 
  so your solution is to make it more obscure , obfuscated , overworked and separate from the electorate by removing it directly from the electoral process and giving politicians two hats ? 
  this is simply a disaster in every way imaginable . 
  it means some politicians are basically working two jobs on opposite sides of the continent , it makes lobbying a lot easier , it makes the entire system of party representation into a weird mess , it turns the parliament into even more of a retirement home for those politicians that wo n't be missed at home . 
  i agree with the eurozone approach . 
  but the national parliament approach is just making it even harder to actually engage in eu politics . 
  the worst part is , that we 're likely never going to get the sort of funding hungary and poland after the next budget framework is done . 
  they spoiled that pot . 
  especially with their obstruction of the eppo making their stealing obvious . 
  hungary managed to dodge rule-of-law sanctions in 2011 . 
  because everyone was trying to play nice , and because the epp did n't want a family party being punished . 
  now that 's bitting us with poland . 
  that 's the result of a eu that 's constantly compromising , detritus keeps adding up , exceptions turn to rules , and we wake up with belarus style totalitarianism inside the union . 
  romania is doing well exactly because it has n't been treated like poland and hungary , and allowed to run amok . 
  and i think a two-tier union will put backsliding members back on the measurement stand instead of thinking they got away with `` stealing horses '' , as the polish party leader said . 
  i 'm sorry but i think you 've confused inconsistency born from short-sightedness for some form of wise pragmatism . 
  sometimes having a consistent policy , is born not from ideology but from having a plan and intent beyond winning the next election and making sure your smaller sister party does n't rebel . 
  i think after years of the first eastern expansion being feed development funds , and responding with v4 obstructionism , you would n't be able to sell the solidarity argument as easily as you could before . 
  i do n't know what the interest is . 
  but i do n't want to see more exceptions being done , like with the uk , denmark or hungary , just so we can say we play nice . 
  people that get exceptions ask for more exceptions , and consider them normal . 
  i think ee has to wake up with what they want from the world . 
  because right now , they 're largely clueless , following either the us , russia or germany 's lead . 
   polling and technocracy is n't strictly exclusive , at least in germany as we tend to like our boring , evidence driven and procedural politics based on consensus . 
  how did the reaction to fukushima play into this ? 
  or the sudden turn from the `` keep refugees in italy/greece '' in 2011 to `` promote the quotas and solidarity '' in 2015 ? 
  or the sudden move on sanctions on russia , after years of calming everyone 's fears of the ostpolitik and north stream ? 
  from the outside , merkel looks like a political opportunist and survivor . 
  not the calm , evidence based politician . 
  you 've run a fire-fighter government through the worst years of europe , and they 're ridding the agenda 2010 benefits that saw their opposition crash . 
  schengen 's biggest problem was it 's intergovernmental roots . 
  which is a mistake that should never be repeated again . 
  but the eu is formed by constant core-to-periphery expansions . 
  starting with the eec and weu , and ending in a jumble of organizations united under the eu . 
  if we did things like you 're suggesting , we 'd have something like the council of europe . 
  a body that contains everybody , and it 's an absolutely useless at achieving anything at all . 
  a useless is eu might as well be no eu . 
  the ee has a choice , the same choice it had back in 2000 . 
  it can choose to stay out , no one is forcing them in . 
  you can actually make a new treaty . 
  the moment that the eu framework was made as an international agreement , instead of a constitution , it opened up the path to parallelism through new international treaties . 
  the existent treaty can stay as is , and a new `` european union + '' treaty formed just like schengen . 
  have to agree with the other poster . 
  merkel is not technocratic . 
  merkel has always done what the polling told her .
