  that 's a very simplistic argument . 
  in romania we have at 6 % hungarians and at 3 % gypsies , and none of them will `` integrate '' into the largely ethno-nationalist romanian identity that currently exists , with the institutions and tools currently available . 
  integration is n't a given . 
  it wo n't just happen as long as you keep as many foreigners out as possible . 
  it depends on domestic attitudes , identities , and systems . 
  people need to feel integrated , not just be kept on the shelf hopeing it happens by magic . 
  honestly , i do n't think there is an alternative plan offered by the conservative/reactionary forces . 
  i think everyone is quite happy in their ethno-bubbles and want the rest of the world to go away . 
  but how about everyone who bashes multiculturalism gets off their ass and actually start developing a framework for integration , rather than just demanding it in louder voices ? 
   failures of multiculturalism . 
  this is n't adressed at all these days so i 'll do it here . 
  you do know that the reason multiculturalism is a thing is because of ethno-national identities not being willing to admit to people assimilating into them , but trying to be polite about it ? 
  so for example , i might go to germany , learn german , live there for 20 years , have a family , even get my citizenship . 
  but i wo n't be german , maybe my children wo n't be german as well , and maybe not even their depending on how close to the average german they can pass of as . 
  so because of this `` multiculturalism '' was created to bridge the denial of adopted national identity while not telling you to go fuck yourself and get out of the country , so `` mild '' ethno-nationalism . 
  so great , no multiculturalism , i have no problem with that . 
  but exactly how do you or any other of the right wing intelegentia address how to handle newcomers to the country ? 
  what 's your new alternative , or endgame here ? 
  i guess i 'm sorry for that . 
  i 've been somewhat lazy in actually putting forward solid evidence , so it 's a fair cop . 
  i do actually believe in the structural differences that separated types of power , and their evolution . 
  i believe in this , because this allows us to construct a theory of the `` tools of power '' for a situation , and their limits . 
  i wish i was better at putting together something cogent , but i 'm just a guy on the internet . 
   am i reading it wrong or you 're saying the us influenced uk 's economy in the 1800 's ? 
  believe it or not , the country who still ran india through a chartered company until the middle of that century and caused a famine through the management of food imports was still operating a mercantilism raw goods economy , and largely ran on exporting machinery to companies processing other raw goods . 
  proper consumer-based economies could only start taking over with the second industrial revolution in the late 19th century , and only then can we talk about the birth of the modern market economy . 
  like i stated , the arts and crafts movement that developed in britain does not suggest as significant an influence as you might think . 
   also , i 'd like sources or examples on the `` people outside the ussr spoke russian because it was a superpower '' . 
  it makes absolutely no sense to me and i 'm now interested . 
  my parents learned russian . 
  a lot of technical documents were in russian , the surrounding countries were slavic , and you were more likely to go to moscow than london . 
   the same with the lingua franca bit . 
  people in europe could n't barely write or read in their own language , you 're telling me that enough people spoke french in europe ( in the same way people learn and speak english today ) to consider it lingua franca ? 
  i find it hard to believe , unless if by middle class you 're actually referring to the 1 % of the population . 
  we have plays during that time period that make fun of it . 
  tagging on gallicisms in casual conversation was extremely hip among the middle class , as was showing your profficiency in full blown french . 
  i will not speculate how much of the population that was , but it was n't the upper aristocracy , the entire joke was how every tom , dick and harry suddenly decided to show off . 
   also , germany did n't become a technological force until the late 1800 's . 
  i think you 're focusing too much on that time , while i 'm focusing on the 1840-1870 period which industrially speaking is all british . 
  and lost repeatedly to napoleon despite allying with the rest of the continent . 
  why do n't we call napoleonic france a superpower as a result ? 
   anyway , if the term `` superpower '' boils down to a specific management of people and resources , instead of an analisys of power and dominance , the discussion is pointless . 
  no it 's not , because the results differ . 
  britain could not fight a land war against an technological equivalent adversary . 
  but as long as it could control the sea , it could deny access to raw manpower and resources as well as the resulting wealth to others . 
  that is the beginning and end of its power . 
  america or russia could either invade or destroy any nation in the world , through a combination of diplomacy , technology and organization sophistication . 
  napoleon flirted with being able to do that in europe , and they scaled it up . 
  it 's a completely different way of thinking about how power and influence works , that simply is better over the long run . 
  edit :  it 's like saying there have only been genocides since the 1930 's , because until then the word had n't been coined and the mass murders were carried off in a different manner . 
  we do actually have significant problems classifying genocides before the modern age , exactly because the term was n't coined , and it was carried off in a different manner . 
  it 's the reason why the trail of tears never really got the recognition it likely deserved , or the subsequent apology . 
  or the black `` war '' in tasmania . 
   ideologically speaking , they almost single-handedly forged the capitalist trade-based market that we have today ? 
  actually it was the americans that forged modern capitalism , or to be more exact consumer-oriented market economies and the media enviroment needed for it . 
  partly in partnership with the german bauhaus movement and their more corporatist oriented market economy . 
  britain , actually stood way out there in comparison . 
  in the 19th century with the arts and crafts movement , and in the 20th with the major nationalizations . 
  it 's a history that is now forgotten that britain has reagenized , and lives fully in the shadow of america . 
  so now they 've gone all the way back to believing that stuff like the corn laws was a fluke , and adam smith was a laisez-faire capitalist ( hah ! ), 
  and everyone does n't know any better so they agree . 
   the ussr was a superpower and nobody outside of it spoke russian or any of the languages within the ussr for anything . 
  you 'd be wrong . 
   e fact that in the xixth european aristocracy spoke french does n't mean that the lingua franca ( as we know it today i.e everyone from different countries speaks english as a bridge language to communicate , make business , etc. ), 
  of europe was french or german . 
  french became a language of importance in conteninteal europe because of napoleon , but it 's usage ever since was n't a sign of france 's power over the continent , but rather the remains of such . 
  actually it was n't napoleon that caused it , but the belle epoque . 
  and it was n't just the aristocracy but also the coming middle class that starting speaking it . 
  france dominated europe on a cultural level at that time , and the use of lingua franca as we know it today actually fit perfectly . 
  i do n't know why you think otherwise . 
  there 's just a larger amount of middle class now than a hundred years ago . 
  at the same time , german was becoming the technical language around europe , and it took precedence in whatever fields required that knowledge . 
   i do n't know why we ca n't admit it , i imagine the uk-hatred does n't allow it , oh fuck off . 
  i 'm trying to make a point about how to approach the historical development of world powers and this is what you come up with ? 
  you simply can not compare a colonial empire to a modern superpower . 
  they require completely different ways of managing people and resources , and this is a lesson that was learned back in 1940 , and i ca n't believe it 's so hard to swallow today . 
  there was a brief moment after ww2 where the uk could have achieved superpower status , but choose a different path . 
  you can compare numbers on paper to convince yourself otherwise , but it does n't change the effects of history . 
   that really does n't `` fix '' any of the issues on the software side . 
  i 'm inclined to agree , but the infrastructure in place is already private , so that 's a big issue . 
  to begin with : regulatory fixes are just as valid as software fixes . 
  the streets are n't naturally safe , we do n't install cctv 's and cops in every corner , we simply create the right regulatory environment to make sure that even if something does happen , it will eventually get sorted . 
  it 's not full proof , but it does n't have to be . 
  this is , btw the lesson learned by governments trying to control the internet . 
  they learned they do n't need to control the software , they do n't need to be daunted by the `` decentralized system '' bullshit , they regulate the isp 's and from there they arrange things in their favour . 
  as for the private infrastructure already in place being a big issue ... meh . 
  we do n't need to breach private property to start stacking the decks like we want through market regulators . 
  and `` eminent domain '' does n't need to just apply to land . 
   regardless , the real problems are n't the pipes , it 's the flow , the digital market . 
  it 's where the bulk of the money is . 
  and i do n't like where he took that conversation . 
  i agree with this completely . 
  there 's a deeper broken system around how we manage information , and intelectual property . 
  and the status quo has been winning far too many battles . 
  as academia has already found out , the system can not sensibly continue as is . 
  but this is not a conversation we as a society are having . 
  i think it 's less about any one solution , and more about the fact that we are n't discussing solutions . 
  we are still waiting for the software patch , the technical trick that will sort it out . 
  bitcoin , silk road , tor , all of these are little attempts to `` fix the internet '' despite the fact that they will never really work . 
  we have to start acting like adults , and stop expecting technical tricks to fix societal problems .
