  so everyone wins . 
   well , to be frank . 
  why is n't nato good enough for you ? 
  because the power arrangement is shit , as de gaul already knew . 
  it 's arranged preferentially for us commanders and policy , with everyone else being relegated to a barnacle on their war machine or a battlefield . 
  they will not treat an attack on warsaw or prague with the same seriousness as an attack on anchorage , let alone new york . 
  we do n't really have a vote in nato , it 's an informal meeting of national leaders , we do n't keep minutes of the conversations , and we do n't have a court if , for example , a us commander abandons a romanian brigade in the field ( which has n't happened but do n't want to try ) . 
  it 's basically a continuation of our previous arrangement with the ussr : a nicer form of military vassalage , where the us never asks us to jump as long as we do it out of our own accord . 
  and , most importantly , the us does n't need us . 
  we do n't vote for us president , we do n't add to the us budget , we do n't give anything to it it ca n't take from someone else . 
  we 're disposable , a chess piece , a game board . 
  a eu army would be integrated in the parliamentary and council system . 
  it would offer the opportunity to see romanian and hungarian generals commanding alliance troops instead of just us . 
  it would allows us access to the military industrial complex , and make us indispensable to any war effort by virtue of production . 
  it would tie our votes into a common leadership , our people into a common force , our resources into a common pool . 
  so , in short , nato is just america and it 's will . 
  the eu gives far more strings to smaller countries . 
  edit : also , for full cynicism : we 're less likely to see another german invasion or anything like it from anyone else if we had a force which was composed in majority by non-germans . 
  it would be the ultimate sabotage of any future imperial expansion from within the current eu . 
  this has been the same with the euro , schengen , and likely every organization . 
  support for the organization is always highest in participating countries , irregardless of actual effect , and far lower in nearby countries , who could be characterized as `` free riders '' , but not those in actual need of it . 
  this probably says something dire about human psychology . 
   eliminate corruption and spend more on guns then ? 
  this has been the `` why do n't they eat cake '' line of the defense spending conversations lately . 
  we do n't need guns , we need the sort of equipment that we could only afford to keep in running order and effective at 5 % budget spending and that would give us a force equivalent of let 's say israel . 
  but that does not even begin to buy us anti-missile defenses , satellite surveillance , or any effective way of securing the black sea . 
  which is why we tried to partner up with bulgaria awhile ago . 
  we 're poor , in short . 
  spending more of the little we have wo n't make much of a dent , it 's just going to give someone fancier targets to destroy . 
   i mean i 'm more worried about the fact that dozens of people were murdered by muslims not a half kilometer from me that i am about russians invading an eu country . 
  are you only able to be worried about one thing at a time ? 
  that 's actually a great question , which is rare on this topic . 
  and it 's not just creating wars , it 's also being friendly of saudi arabia because of arms exports . 
  the american 's issue is that over the last hundred years they 've developed legal loopholes from declaring something a war , partly due to their strong presidential system and partially due to the vague wording of what constitutes a valid declaration of war . 
  there 's actually not been a formal declaration of war since ww2 , everything after that are `` authorized military engagements '' . 
  so maybe all we need to to is actually set up a system to not allow this sort of haphazard management . 
  that does n't solve the `` unfriendly friendly diplomacy '' issue , but that 's an issue of employment and money that simply crosses over too many interest to isolate . 
  you start thinking like that and the you spend a hundred years trying to figure out how to reform the house of lords , or a few decades over electoral reform , or years trying to figure out how to properly devolved england . 
  then never really do any of it . 
  it 's best to agree in principle and then crossing bridges as you find them , rather than get stuck doing it the other way around , theorizing over this and that . 
  ee is apparently thoroughly brainwashed after joining them in iraq . 
  before then we were smarter and more skeptical , now we think they 'll come save us like they 're some sort of white knight because they then let us into nato . 
  i think we have this tendency to start inflating our own sense of significance the moment `` senpai notices us '' . 
  this is why we should start putting together work-groups to set out an optimum plan for spreading national and unified power and responsibilities . 
  between the swiss and american historical exemplars we have a lot to get inspired from . 
  we want to avoid american paranoia over a `` standing army '' and where it lead them , forced by history to do in a rush what a sensible country would have done over decades . 
  eu constitutions scares people . 
  it would theoretically give the people and courts more power in the eu , but it 's just such a jarring idea to many and it sets off a particular kind of people into rabid madness . 
  we simply ca n't design the eu from the ground-up as if it was a machine , unfortunately , because of that . 
  sovereignty ideologues constantly get in the way arguing for the status quo . 
  we can only move in directions where their ideology is faced with the burning light of pragmatism . 
  even the euro was like that . 
  i know many people do n't know this anymore , but back in the 1980-1990 it was seen as a way to control the then german dominance in european economies by sabotaging their influence on their national currency . 
  the people who think it was a `` high minded '' project are simply in another head space in regards to the cold reality of european politics . 
  and how does libya fit in that `` natural resource '' puzzle ? 
  my point is that we often tell stories about the purpose of our military interventions , to explain them to ourselves , but in the end they 're not really high minded ideals of self defence . 
  they 're pragmatic decisions based around some complex web of self-interest . 
  and an eu army needs just that , that self-interest . 
  because france will never be more than a mayfly intervention force without it , and we 're never going to be any more than a mayfly defence force . 
  so , at least as far as i 'm concerned , either we both rely on a eu army to patch up our weaknesses or we continue as we have to this day and rely on us money , supplies and direction whenever we 're not playing for the sake of the looks of it . 
  either way , we 're going to be doing things we do n't like `` for national interest '' , but i 'd rather not serve the national interest with someone an ocean away . 
  none of that has an impact on the profitability of factories in germany . 
  if the profitability of industry and manufacturing was inversely proportional to local wages , we 'd have seen german companies be outcompeted by spanish companies long ago . 
  but instead germany has done what , in the uk and us atleast , was considered impossible and maintained an industrial economy into globalization without state intervention . 
  while we do need to restructure worker-employer relationship in other countries to add some protections for our local companies , we can also learn about doing as germany has done and simply transitioning from low to high knowledge industries as local experience improves with investment , thus negating many of the effects of outsourcing . 
  not necessarily , it depends on a lot of factors outside of wages . 
  germany 's wages have been higher than south european wages for decades in the single market , but the concentration of production is still in germany . 
  although this does n't mean they can increase indefinitely , just that they 're only apart of the larger sum that is overheads . 
  alternative title : evil socialist organization sabotages national competitiveness , likely western conspiracy . 
  am i ready for polish politics yet ? 
  you 're pretty much describing the current state of affairs and then saying `` it wo n't be much better so let 's not try . '', 
  and this entire thing about treating a voting organization like it was some sort of muscovite empire . 
  neither france , nor germany have any interest in allowing that to happen , since they would fear it being turned against them at one point . 
  and this new system is qualitatively different from the old alliances . 
  there are votes , there are courts , there are laws . 
  this is not the soviet union , german empire , or austro-hungary . 
  this is our one and only chance to tie our independence and sovereignty as a legal component as part of a multilateral europe , rather than waiting for the next hegemonizing empire to turn up and make us client states in an imperial europe . 
  your argument is to do nothing until then , and just wait to be swallowed . 
  you 're not giving up grounds !, 
  you 're not giving up any independence you 've had so far !, 
  the only thing you , me and the german are giving up is the hope of ever being a world power on our own . 
  but here 's the newsflash : we could never achieve that , and they should n't be allowed to try . 
  edit : i 'll be honest . 
  i 'm getting the impression that most eastern europeans are by nature imperialists . 
  federations and legal structures confuse them . 
  would explain yugoslavia . 
  ok , let 's get something straight here . 
  i 'm am for a parralel eu/national army system , with a 1-1 .5 % gdp per country commitment by law , and only member states having right to conscription or draft . 
  to me an eu army does n't mean giving up squat . 
  secondly , if we 're going to talk history , let me remind you that romania single goal for the past 100 years was survival . 
  we switched sides twice in ww2 . 
  we side with the biggest closest army , because countries that do n't get chopped up into bits . 
  in such a universe we have more to gain from a eu army than letting us play `` choose the sphere of influence '' between the germans , russians and americans . 
  because if it does n't happen then we ** will ** be giving our army to them , wherever they need it , without raising a single peep , as will every other country around us . 
  this is not a choice between independence and dependence . 
  this is a choice between what sort of dependent relationship we want . 
  i want an interdependent one , but apparently everyone else wants a one-way where we are here to serve . 
   all the countries you mentioned have or had a single national identity . 
  pick up a bloody history book at one point . 
  you need it .
