  [ level 3 : projection ] ( https://www.simplypsychology.org/defense-mechanisms.jpg ), 
  he is forwarding a political opinion using information from the organization he himself is influential in . 
  providing one 's own ammunition if you will . 
  this is suspicious , and apparently a well worn habit which is why i am referencing the adamescu case as a clear example of this happening on both left/right side of the perceived political bias . 
  if you think this is ok , and pointing it out as `` conspiracy theory territory '' , then i can not help you . 
  if the man had the guile to allow someone else to use his report to make the point , i 'd have no leg to stand on . 
  instead , he jumped the gun , and here we are . 
  your anti-british sentiment is noted . 
  poster will now be dispatched to correct your obsession with the appropriate level of histrionic whinge . 
  considering this is coming right after the election of their new director-general , i wonder at the timing myself . 
  arguments towards authority hide the three card monty being played . 
  the relation between political parties , business , think tanks and newspapers in the uk allows the agenda to be manipulated without any objective supervision . 
  the fact that this is in opinion instead of the main page suggest no checks were made on it to adhere to journalistic standard , as we 've seen in the many articles in the adamescu case that were brought up in both the guardian and the telegraph . 
  there is something rotten here , and it has to be brought up to the surface . 
   the fact that he has an opinion does not mean that the opinion is wrong . 
  his opinion is also based on evidence . 
  your defence of the influence networks that stretch across think tanks , news agencies , and politics is noted . 
   it seems weird that you want to disregard it just because you want the uk to be broken up . 
  this is n't really about you , truci . 
  your offense is appreciated , but the world simply does n't revolve around the uk , love or hate . 
  it just is n't marmite . 
   a majority of scottish people will vote for parties that are against holding another referendum . 
  obviously , the uk government should listen to them . 
  if only goal posts would move so fast during football , ay ? 
  because we 're talking brexit , and whatever the outcome in relation to indiref is , may 's brexit plan will do far worse . 
  the ironic thing is , that the brexiteer splinter of the tories actually benefit from having may get a small majority . 
  they need they leverage to rebel against the mass that backed cameron before , when may was a remainer . 
  but you still think that she 's yours , which is cute . 
  the alexandru adamescu case was an education into how things work in this . 
  the moment i saw `` opinion '' i had to check if the author is affiliated with the report he is reporting on ... and guess [ what ] ( http://natcen.ac.uk/about-us/people/staff/john-curtice ) . 
  to quote the great may , the only poll that counts is in a few weeks , and they can signal their approval or disapproval with the tory governments priorities then and there . 
  the point i 'm trying to make is `` do n't be a bully . '', 
  you can take any position you damn well please , but understand that it will have consequences . 
  getting emotional about `` breaking up your country '' is n't a fall back for bad behavior . 
  you and the spanish state have a duty to these people , if you truly consider them your people , to find a compromise that allows a stable outcome whatever it is . 
  find a federal model that ( dis ) pleases everyone equally but is manageable is in my opinion the preferred solution . 
  of course , you can handle that any number of other ways . 
  but be civilized . 
  a hundred years ago the austro-hungarian empire , one of the great powers of europe was bullied in the concert of europe for the exact same reason . 
  self-determination is simply to valuable and too entrenched into the european mindset to be let go over power politics . 
  you 're trying to use power and prestige as shields , but you have little care to understand both the legal and cultural implications . 
  arguing `` we 're not as bad '' is n't good enough , arguing `` we 're big and strong '' is n't good enough , and while neither self-determination ( as legislated by the un ) or territorial integritity ( as legislated by the spanish constitution ) are in eu law , they will find different supporters in the eu itself and you might be surprised how few allies the later will manage . 
  have the decency to realize that you have to act and speak with subtlety and grace considering that , because the attitude you 're shown so far has been one of dismissive arrogance . 
  and that can not possible promise good things for the future . 
  you are perfectly right , the atmosphere around the separation is vital since it sets the tone for the discussion afterwards . 
  you ca n't , as you say , light an unexpected fuse and expect everyone else to play along . 
  this is why scotland 's referendum was necessary for assuring a legal and fair framework after independence . 
  but this cuts both ways , the behavior of the uk or spain during these territorial challenges defines how their position is seen afterward . 
  a hostile , inflexible approach without attempts at diffusion or control would backfire on them and place them in the same irredentist camp as serbia or russia . 
  everyone has responsabilities and duties here , and the principle of self-determination is valued in the eu , especially after the eastern expansion brought in former territories who 's formal independence is less than a hundred years old and framed in conflict . 
  it 's best to remember that . 
  okay , let me start from zero : out how ? 
  do you create an instant border , ban what are likely still eu citizens from entering , cut funding , remove offices , refuse to rule on cases and basically create a giant whole in the eu overnight ? 
  do you initial slow seperation over the next 2-3 years , causing incredible amounts of chaos in the meantime only to have the state re-apply again and resume the status it had the beginning ? 
  does that benefit anyone ? 
  or do you start arranging a series of transition agreements , through bilateral talks that minimize the longer term impact , while creating areas of commonality that will endure into the accession procedures ? 
  out does not mean out . 
  out means work , discussion and compromise . 
  and it 's pretty damn clear what sensible people will choose . 
  a state 's constitution is not open to the interpretation by the eu except in regards to how it interacts with the accession acquis , contradicts eu law and lives up to the charter of human rights . 
  and it is definitely not enforceable by the eu . 
  the complexities involved in seperating a state from the eu are massive , as shown by brexit , making a guillotine attitude impractical , and any decision will impact the future accession of kosovo and the resulting stability of the western balkans . 
  while papers might like to give page long interpretations of one sentence opinions , the implication are simply too massive to be dogmatic about it in the way many would like it to be . 
  in short : there is a fuck ton of wiggle room and unknowns . 
  no , it really is n't . 
  the eu never gave an official position on how internal seperation would work . 
  it was never asked by any government to clarify a position , it never considered it 's place to interfere and give one unasked , and it likely did not want to put itself in a position where it tied itself into an outcome that did not benefit anyone . 
  jose barroso gave his personal opinion , but he did not do so as president of the commission or on commission letterhead but as a personal letter . 
  he likely did it as a nod to the uk government who was , at the time , being catered to as an existing member . 
  the situation is , as of now , still unclarified and we 're still waiting for a political precedent or a thorough legal opinion . 
  the last eu official to give an unasked for opinion was the head of the eu commission representation in the uk , who was quickly replaced with an `` acting head '' afterwards which suggests an unplanned exit from the position . 
  it 's all downhill from here . 
  you get that right ? 
  you ca n't sort out education and health with a shrinking barnet consequential and some half-assed tax powers , and the snp-green majority will feel that . 
  you ca n't use oil as a sweetener with shale in the mix , and theresa may asking scottish deference for helping out her donors in the industry . 
  you will never have as easy a time getting into the eu as you could have had 2 years ago . 
  you 'll never get back the people who already emigrated to ireland , canada and london to actually have a career beyond some provincial branch office . 
  you 'll never capture the enthusiasm of of that first attempt , or the large coffers the snp prepared for it . 
  your one good chance was in 2014 , and the once second-city of the empire now lowest-city in life expectancy could n't even be arsed to show how much it hurt . 
  if you get that , and still wan na have go , well good on you . 
  but nothing will be on your side . 
  the reason for that is that a lot of non-netflix properties are owned by other companies in individual states . 
  netflix has moved away from selling off its own properties or dividing them on a regional level though . 
  as long as netflix relies on own content at least , it will be fine . 
  who knows , it might even snatch some extra before those regional barons gets their claws in . 
  i was there , your lot bought the load of crap feed to y' all like it was desert . 
  all the uk minus the south-east is in net deficit as no 10 spends cash on aircraft carriers , nuclear weapons , westminster bars and private jets flights for boris and to think scotland is the problem ? 
  yeah , you got fooled good . 
  it 's over in my opinion . 
  was fooled once and will get fooled again . 
  the snp are being troopers about it and engaging in the mission statement that if victorious will see their umbrella party splinter , but in the end they 'll find themselves being elected again and again to hold off the neoliberal tory madness , while they rot from the inside due to entryists starting their career in the party just like labour did . 
  sorry for the pessimism , but i think anything else than blunt , painful truth might give some the impression that things are rosy . 
  ca n't have that . 
  none of the members are keen on accepting new members in the euro or schengen , whatever anyone else says . 
  romania tries and is kept out because no one wants another greece , whichever we enter . 
  but i assure you , you 're not going to convince your countrymen of that . 
  they love their cereal and are feard of the possibility of them becoming like other poor , destitute northern countries with no natural resources like ireland , iceland , or denmark . 
  better be in the union that assures you know where you are in 5 years . 
   this buzzwords are n't going to change the democratic reality ; you do n't have a base to do the reforms you want to do . 
  you can argue minutia , but i am not beholden to what the majority want and can speak my mind until my point is made for me .
