  that also helped . 
  yeah , currently we 're not at the same level . 
  but that not because of a lack of him . 
  we still have the rough cohabitation dynamics going . 
  we can return to the progress made under basescu , without ever needing the man himself . 
  we just need to get the votes right so we never have any person or party gaining the upper hand again . 
  this is why i was very dissapointed with the lack of federalization , despite it being a psd policy . 
  it would have given us another avenue for divide and conquer . 
  well , i do n't think it was inevitable . 
  i actually think we got extremely lucky . 
  we needed someone utterly incapable of cohabitation , but strong enough to hold his own against parliament . 
  the referendum might have gone another way if he was even a little bit less popular . 
  thank fuck apathy happened and he stayed on despite the results . 
  we also needed someone who was smart enough to place a competent unknown as head of the dna , but incapable enough to control them afterward . 
  his was truly a glorious presidency , but for all the wrong reasons . 
  to be fair , the case was lodged a year ago and it took time to finally go to court . 
  and it is fully in their rights to put it to trial . 
  unfortunately their undoing is that we are operating under treaties not a constitution . 
  and the treaties have made provisions for what happened , despite being procedurally unconstitutional . 
  intergovernmentalism is a bitch . 
  the issue is that the plan was half-baked in a lot of ways , likely purposefully . 
  there was no way for ee to keep the refugees from traveling away . 
  now , i imagine that was intentional to pretend that redistribution was happening while not burdening the ee . 
  but when the politicos found it paid to poke holes in the quota system , such shoddy planning worked against the proposal . 
  eastern european leaders are now taking the same stance merkel took in 2012 : not my problem . 
  if her government had an ounce of foresight this would not have happened , but that is the weakpoint of the administration , and complaining to the ee now is just hypocritical . 
  i think you 're painting a very rosy picture of him . 
  a lot of things around the anti-corruption fight happened despite him , rather than because of him . 
  in the end , it was the stand-off between him and the parliament which allowed the anti-corruption fight to start getting traction , if either won it would have been over the next day . 
  the lesson of his administration was : romania is run best when all the politicians are at each other 's throats . 
   ee did n't show any gratitude for what she did , tho . 
  germany literally spent the 2011-2015 period ignoring the problem by trying to enforce the dublin agreement on countries that were barely managing to keep the tide . 
  i think you overestimate how competent your political class is . 
  constant debate in democracy : should politicians represent or lead ? 
  the problem with representatives is that they give people what they want , even if it hurts them , without attention to everything else that is happening . 
  there is no plan , just a series of policy pieces decided by poll . 
  all the big , unsexy problems that are too complicated/boring to get popularity get forgotten . 
  a leader comes with a plan , and fixes issues most people might not even notice yet . 
  but no one 's going to vote for someone who fixes a problem before it hit the news , or a policy that will only produce returns 5 years down the line . 
  do n't listen to what sch\u00e4uble says , look at what he does . 
  he 's said one thing and done another before . 
  to be honest it would be very hard to recruit for the ema if it was placed in an eastern country , as disappointing as it is . 
  it stands a better chance of attracting people in strasbourg , and it does some good to institutional sanity in the eu . 
  it 's all sold on the world market for money . 
  no one 's discriminating for domestic taste , you strange , strange man . 
  capability and willingness are two different things . 
  canada was perfectly able to prevent their cod collapse . 
  did n't mean they were ever willing to do so till it finally happened . 
   i was obviously not really talking about british vs. danish waters , obviously , we should have a shared ` north sea policy ' , but such a policy would probably not work well for greek waters and vice versa . 
  fishing policy is all about keeping the stock up , and the stock is obviously not the same in denmark as it is a couple of thousands of kilometers away near cyprus . 
  there are actual different policies between the mediterranean and north sea . 
  one of the latest issues is that the med is having quotas imposed on it because of a decline in swordfish stock , where before they were free to fish . 
  it 's not one giant homogeneous eu fishing zone , like you believe . 
   anyone correct me if i 'm wrong , but i learned that dutch fishermen are trying to count and registering by-catch of species that are not at all in danger of being threatened , and obviously destroying them afterwards , for no reason whatsoever , other than that these stock are in danger in places elsewhere in the eu . 
  you 'd have to source this for me , because this can mean anything . 
  if these fish spend their early life in danish waters , then the very fact that the danes are fishing them might be endangering them in other waters and putting them at risk of collapse in general . 
  screwing over the next generation for today 's votes . 
   common policy for different waters make little sense what ? 
  how does that even work ? 
  there is no natural border between danish waters , british waters , french waters , and spanish waters . 
  anything found in those waters passes between them with little difficulty , and you 'd have a hard time figuring out where one end and another begins without a gps tracker . 
  and when it comes to fish stocks , all of that is one large `` commons '' grazed on by several different national industries each wanting bigger catches every year . 
  sooner or latter the inevitable happens and the commons are destroyed . 
  i do n't understand what imaginable improvement can be made from where we are today that can improve the lives of today 's fishermen and of those 20 years from now at the same time . 
  because right now , it 's nearly a mutually exclusive decision to make . 
  it 's trying to improve on the capacity of the c130 while doing all the things it can do . 
  so in short , it aims to be a hands down improvement of it 's main competitor . 
  the issue is that airbus 's engineering experience is restricted to turbofans and airport conditions , while design wants it to use turboprops and rugged conditions . 
  so 50 years of lack of experience is hitting us in the jaw as we 're learning as we go . 
  it 's the same with every big project , we simply do n't make big stuff in sufficiently close generations to learn the tricks of the trade before engineers retire , unless it has some cross-over with commercial applications . 
  while i do n't mean to undermine the achievement that the b52 is , a cargo plane while not as glamorous seems to have far more complexities associated with it than a strategic bomber . 
  to be fair , sch\u00e4uble talks out of both sides of your mouth . 
  it 's best to read his words very critically . 
  it 's going to be hard to find a majority exactly because he 's going to work against it . 
  anyone who saw him push the commission 's buttons over giving spain a fine over their budget , only to start make midnight calls to stop it when the commission gave in , knows his modus operandi . 
  he is not to be trusted . 
   no anonymous briefing , but a clear statement on the steps of downing street from the pm . 
  followed by a claim that the eu is seeking to manipulate the election ... from page 5 of the special edition of a non-english newspaper . 
  and in favour of who ? 
  another brexiter wearing a red rossette ? 
  you 're going to have a hard time claiming the high ground here . 
   read the article 50 letter . 
  this is public disclosure . 
  the one given to the eu ? 
  are standards that low ? 
  a handful of pages of saccharine wording , and veiled barbs do not a negotiating position make . 
   you are not the british public . 
  you do not think may 's approach is correct . 
  i am british . 
  i think may 's approach is the correct one . 
  unsurprisingly may is thinking about what i want , not what you want . 
  but of course . 
  i would expect to think about you want , you 're her target audience . 
  now make sure to not look behind mrs. may curtains of secrecy . 
  nothing behind there but strong and stable leadership . 
  do n't expect the rest of us to buy into the show , or remain politely detached from the fraud . 
  the uk government knows , and it has not been shy about using the leak to score political points . 
  it 's refusal to confirm or deny in that context does not look like polite prudence , but unwillingness to engage in a loosing battle . 
  in the end , when may asks for secret negotiations , secret meetings , and refuses public disclosure of even her negotiation goals as a sign of weakness , she denies information to only one relevant stakeholder : the british public . 
  it is exactly full disclosure and transparency .
