  you might as well burn the money or throw it into a pit . 
  what there needs to be , and what the americans are n't advocating , is a strategic set of goals and standards to meet no matter the spending required . 
  but that would mean a defence policy independent from the us . 
  the us really is only interested in selling more equipment to smaller countries without their own defence industries , that 's all . 
  is this really surprising coming from a `` bring the jobs back '' president ? 
   if germans had their own currency , it would be much stronger than euro , therefore they wouldnt be exporting so much . 
  you clearly were n't alive in the 80s . 
  but i ca n't really blame you , considering that people who were and should well remember how the mark was seen then are also peddling that sort of laughably amnesiac bit of folk wisdom . 
  edit : [ here , a summary of the german mark ] ( https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/e5af/e08bcfb3dc6172a431fac4bf413b638e0f83.pdf ) tl ; dr : it 's not the currency . 
  wonder what their first piece of political theatre to show how ` opposed ' they are will be . 
  probably something to do with nato . 
  russia gets to keep the siege mentality , trump gets to rub europe 's face in how magnanimous he is , everyone walks away looking tough . 
  finally , took the better part of the decade , but the media has finally caught up to reality . 
  now let 's see how long until reality makes its way into the national capitals . 
  yeah , but the president of the council is less powerful than the president of the commission . 
  direct result of being the president of a room full of political divas . 
   brilliant thank you - giving a larger voice to smaller countries , and regions is one of the things i most like about the eu . 
  have n't i seen you post as a british eurosceptic ? 
  sort of makes the whole thing a backhanded complement , considering / r/ukpolitics is going on about how they 'll make trade deals quicker than the eu . 
   would n't this stop something like walloon blocking ceta happening again ? 
  no , thats a different mechanism . 
  the council represents national governments not national parliaments . 
  reason for the yellow card system . 
  i was there , and you 're talking self-serving non-sense . 
  all the other arguments orbited around the accession process . 
  the economy , borders , currency , trade . 
  at least all the arguments that were n't themselves made up self-serving non-sense . 
   why is it so popular in scotland ? 
  because alcoholism is the national sport . 
  you can always buy greek bonds , and help it out . 
  become the type of lender greece needs . 
  it removes the incentive for other asian countries to seek deals with china by giving them an alternative . 
  let me guess , as soon as ukraine joins the russian federation . 
  the demise of ttp in asia-oceania and the revival or mercosur-eu negotiations . 
  they are cousins and their actions effect all of us . 
  it 's part of playing on the same team . 
  fair enough . 
  although i suspect it was more so that the government is n't seen dealing with an expansive israel immediately before an election , rather than any intent on having an effect on israel . 
  i imagine they 're set to re-schedule after it 's over . 
   we will have to take more drastic measures to get the message across . 
  write a strongly worded letter ? 
  sorry , being snide . 
  but the eu as a whole and as components have no leverage in the levant anymore due to decades of neglect . 
  by and large , states attached themselves to the policies of others , like the usa . 
  not wearing discriminatory clothing does no more push your values on another , than being gay pushes my values on a fundamentalist christian . 
  what the fuck happened to progressive thought when we can excuse discrimination and repression with legalistic adherence and `` not pushing our values '' ? 
  we 're all literally becoming the nihilistic amoral mass that the fundamentalist loonies accuse us of being . 
  i 'm not a conservative . 
  i do n't focus on adhering to custom , but respecting choice , especially in a diplomatic capacity . 
  this is a situation where i 'm siding with people i normally disagree with . 
  i do n't like it , but apparently the government is getting flak from progressive members of parliament as well , so at least there 's that . 
   our values are n't better , they are different . 
  people have fought traditionalists generation after generation to get to where we are , and you surrender with a shrug . 
  the alt right march to the tune of `` respect of traditional values '' , and thank people like you for paving the way . 
  no they did n't reiterate what was already in the newspapers . 
  the sun published that lloyds was moving they hq from scotland , despite that it 's hq was already in london . 
  when talking to the treasury , the journalists raised the issue of rbs as well from an unknown source and the treasury confirmed it , despite the decision now being made , and the issue is that they were n't allowed to leak that information before they re-opened and an official statement released . 
  it was in effect a clear interferance in corporate decision making , and a release of market sensitive information outside of official channels . 
  that 's already breaching the letter of the law , if you trust the treasuries telling of events regarding the unknown source . 
  and even more damning if that 's the damage control version . 
  here 's more on it from the bbc : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-29185319 and some extra detail from the herald regarding the source of the leak : http://www.heraldscotland.com/news/13205789.revealed__civil_servant_who_issued_rbs_leak_email_links_with_better_together_leader/, 
  developing the civil code and secularization happened in parallel . 
  as well as the development of countries , from what were once dynastic landholdings . 
  all , roughly by the same people . 
  and before that it was a canonical obligation in church and a sign of humility adopted through societal pressure everywhere else . 
  in other words , you 're comparing apples to oranges here . 
  it was stamped out before a legalistic approach could be taken to enforcing it . 
  it 's exactly because they represent a pluralistic , free democracy opposed to narrow mindedness that they should have maintained their official dress code of their office , which i imagine would not permit distinction to be made in regards to personal attributes . 
  you can call it inter-cultural competence . 
  and if they showed the same competence at the negotiating table , i imagine the iranians have only praise to give . 
  [ here 's the summary of it from the bbc ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwnkuibhw3i ) apparently the treasury can leak market sensitive information , as long as the journalists ask for it first . 
   name a single christian country that requires women to cover their head in public . 
  you have no idea how much work went into secularizing until that was the case . 
  the countries are n't so much `` christian '' anymore as a result , they 're just countries . 
  when dressing up like you would in your own office is cause for offence , and you have to dress like a romanian peasant girl simply to do business , you 're sort of scraping the bottom of the barrel of `` mutual respect '' . 
  the custom is to discriminate and humble a specific gender , starting with a headscarf . 
  this is n't new , it used to be a fairly universal tradition everywhere , and it stopped because we made it stop . 
  i appreciate your cultural sensitivity , but it did n't need to be done , it gains no one anything , except the iranian leadership have a few nice photos of their western partners accepting that is is normal , that this is fine . 
  by that logic we can be offended by asking our representatives to cover themselves . 
  the `` i 'm offended '' game has no winners . 
  the reason diplomatic immunity exists in the first place , is so that this sort of question never arises . 
  these people are n't civilian tourists out for a walk . 
  these are professional representatives arriving for talks . 
  they do n't play dress-up . 
  there 's softball , and then there 's putting on a costume to impress the local big men , which this is . 
  i 'm sure they found it endearing , but i 'd be surprised if that is n't about it . 
  gold stars all around . 
   commenting mainly to show my support , in a thread full of hate . 
  there is nothing wrong or hypocritical in feminists choosing to wear the hijab out of respect to local customs . 
  you do realize that the entire control mechanism for traditionalist religious norms is demanding respect for local customs ? 
  it normalizes discriminatory patterns of behavior , so women choose , genuinely and freely to fall into line and not stand out despite empowering the larger system which limited them . 
  we fought the conservatives in europe for half a millennium over this sort of thing . 
   it is part of doing their job to act respectfully - often painfully so - to the country they are operating in , in order to be able to convey the messages they are there to convey . 
  which is apparently `` we 're here to do businesses , and have no scruples . '', 
  we ca n't ignore that europe has an international brand . 
  and branding matters . 
  all this is doing is watering that down to the point we ca n't actually pretend we 're anything else but what the abrahamic fundamentalists accuse us of . 
  amoral , greedy , and opportunistic , with no substance and no spine . 
  do n't tell me what i 'm ok with or not , ok ? 
  and diplomatic envoys are not equivalent to whatever non-sense you 're on about .
