  same methods are being implemented , with more subtlety , with the goal of managing to maintain a safe majority every election . 
  that 's the tactic of every majoritist autocracy , to maintain a token opposition to continue the illusion of choice , while rigging the game to never loose . 
  all they ever need is 51 % . 
   would become vassal to france & germany . 
  they will notice this once put into practice and eject . 
  and become even more vassals to this new construct , since there is no more court or rules governing inter-state relationships . 
  he 's making a good point at the illegitimacy of the council/eurogroup in setting out rules , and you 're instead arguing that he has no say because those dubious rules are n't followed . 
  this was his exact point . 
  you 're turning the political machination of certain countries into a technocratic tyranny , using an institution you 're largely opposed or indifferent to , to police those rules for you without any adequate tools since you 're afraid of it . 
  brought up some fair points , thanks for putting in the work . 
  although , i suspect a lot more goes into it , considering the pricing behaviour for non-us english markets . 
  read my post further down , it was meant on a geopolitical scale . 
  fucking love europe , but if the us decides a new world order is due , there is little that we can do to stop it . 
  the us is actually part of the reason why drug legalization is largely harmonized in europe , including the netherlands after years of pushing as result of the `` war on drugs '' . 
  that 's why trump and his allies are worrying . 
  i 'd argue it 's impossible because doing so would require to bridge the immense collective memory gap which is the post-war and pre-thatcher period . 
  in a country that thinks defrosting corbyn and putting him in a leadership position is a good idea , it 's impossible to get over that collective amnesia . 
  if it was , it would be possible to point out why john major wanted the emu because of harold wilson , and how harold wilson 's legacy caused black wednesday . 
  it would be possible to point out how london overcame a period of decline in the mid-century . 
  it would be possible to point out the us rebuff after the suez canal or the breton woods breach . 
  but you ca n't . 
  no one wants to face it . 
  so you do n't really understand why you all were in the eec , and the eu . 
  what selfish motives drove the conservatives . 
  it 's all lost until it hits back again . 
  i 'd say it 's telling that there was no `` pro-eu '' voice in the uk at the time . 
  pro-remain was at best eu-indifferent . 
  this is how far the uk media has `` normalized '' distrust of the eu . 
  you had to , practically automatically , start of with `` the eu is bad but ... '' . 
  and the main `` supporter '' , nick clegg , who 's words we occasionally hear on this sub , seemed completely removed from what is actually happening in the rest of the union . 
  in comparison to the continent where you do actually get outright supporters , including presidential and chancellors candidates in france and germany . 
  and as for the bbc , i lost my faith in it 3 years ago . 
  but seeing the brexit interviews being given by andrew neil took the cake here . 
  the bbc , much like the rest of the media , had already moved into the euro-meh camp without that extra nudge . 
  according to you then , russia and turkey are healthy , well functioning democracies . 
  and everything opposed to that is `` liberal propaganda '' from the west . 
  got to love this road we 're heading . 
  already feeling the heat and smelling the smoke . 
  [ really ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/uk-newspapers-had-dominant-pro-brexit-bias-says-reuters-institute-2016-9?r=us&amp;ir=t ) . 
  i mean , [ really ] ( http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/brexit/2016/02/26/heavy-duty-what-are-the-shortcomings-of-the-bbcs-reporting-of-the-eu/ ) ? 
  ok , do n't care , one month left . 
  they are n't going to , or need to . 
  bit of tacked on spin . 
  at 52 % after a heavy anti-eu media campaign , 40 years of membership , and 2 constituent countries voting differently i ca n't help to think that the monolithic `` we '' is uncalled for . 
   writing in the daily telegraph tuesday under the headline `` hurrah for the courgette crisis , '' british food columnist xanthe clay argued the shortages underscore the need for `` eating seasonally . '' invoking the spirit of blitz-ravaged britain in world war ii , she wrote that it is `` time to look to the home front for our veg . '' some options : british-grown parsnips , celeriac , beetroots and cabbage . 
  the daily telegraph : where satire and news live side by side , in perfect harmony . 
  to begin with , we are not by a long shot `` separate markets '' . 
  there is literally nothing that makes us separate markets . 
  language is definitely not one of them . 
  if it was , we would n't be consuming the fuck-ton of american media we already are . 
  sure some states either dub or sub , but that 's largely a luxury , if you 're talking about latest media you 're usually watching a pirated stream . 
  [ netflix actually figured this out ] ( https://torrentfreak.com/netflix-cant-stream-house-of-cards-globally-blames-licensing-deals-160312/ ) , and has started buying back it 's original series from who they sold them to , because the `` local distributors '' are useless middlemen . 
  [ tried to answer it here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5sn64r/europeans_will_soon_be_able_to_fully_use_their/ddgswco/ ) tl ; dr : because it 's always been like that . 
  if you 're looking at it like that , then you have the same situation in the uk and italy . 
  from what i gather is that the only reason that it 's ok to do state geoblocking here and not in the us , is a result from how older publishers handled their distribution and sales . 
  the us had all-state distribution targets , while the eu had until now per-state distribution targets , and that got grandfathered in with the help of geoblocking . 
  a company can always buy a media piece and try to make a profit eu wide , but now it 's so much the norm to hold on to jigsaw copyright distribution that it would find it hard to land the deal . 
  you 're putting way to much value on language . 
  i do n't see what `` speaking the same language '' , and geoblocking and market consolidation have to do with each other . 
  by that logic the uk and australia would n't be getting shafted the way they do . 
  as for the cultural differences , i do n't know . 
  i imagine i 'd have the same experience dealing with minnesota nice as dealing with the scandinavians . 
  having the same language i think hides a lot of little cultural shibboleths , that colour regional upbringing . 
  yes , but different levels of urbanization would naturally translate to inter-state spending differences . 
   yep , no common solution from eu . 
  left every country to themselves . 
  the eu is not supposed to interfere in how countries handle national borders , it 's been given no right to . 
  same with asylum and migration issues . 
  it actually ca n't even deal with internal borders ever since the council removed the right from parliament in 2012 , after amending the schengen agreement . 
  in other words national governments actually worked to take back powers to `` solve it their own way '' . 
  results were as expected . 
  the council of europe 100 % but the eu definitely not , not even as the eec . 
  the moment one country got a hiccup and wanted trade protection , it would have joined the other custom unions of history . 
  in fact , i 'd argue that if it was n't for the suez crisis , it would n't have existed . 
  the entire premise of it is more that just `` war is horrible '' , but also `` war is unwinnable '' , both france , germany , and any other major power had to loose faith that they 'd ever get the upper hand again . 
  the old demagogues are gaining ground , because people have forgotten what demagogues do once they are in power . 
  that 's all . 
  the migrant issue is simply another scapegoating . 
  poland is neither a destination or transit country , but it plays the migrant card . 
  the uk plays that card against romanians and bulgarians . 
  the netherlands plays it against second-generation morrocans . 
  turkey plays another against gulenists . 
  russia plays another still against `` western liberals '' . 
  so on and so forth . 
  as for eu incompetence ? 
  greece let 's people through , macedonia does the same , serbia follow , hungary moves them just outside austria , and all of this is eu incompetence ? 
  i do n't think that egyptian christians was actually a thing . 
  in fact , if i remember correctly alexandria was a bit of a cosmopolitan metropolis in term of cult diversity . 
  i imagine it made the whole `` adopt another abrahamic faith '' bit easier to swallow . 
  okay , fair play that both should be judged by the same standard . 
  but all to often on this board people are a bit to willing to remember hussar wings , while forgetting jan hus . 
  oh please , spare me . 
  if you want `` massive migration '' , you should have seen the former world powers immediately post-colonial . 
  that was a hurdle . 
  this ? 
  this is an excuse . 
  i 've lived with ethno-nationalists all my life , and everything was an excuse . 
  the mcdonalds down the road was a sign of creeping westernization , the hungarians up north were a danger to integrity , the evangeliststs are a danger to our religious unity . 
  it 's always another vehicle for spewing iron guard non-sense . 
  i think there 's only a handful of places where the tribe actively avoids all foreign contact .
