  here 's a link describing how event unfolded : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4au611/chancellor_merkels_invitation_in_the_refugee/  she wants the eu commission to charge them big fines $ $ $ . 
  just fyi , that ca n't be done . 
  the migrant quota is n't a treaty , let alone eu law . 
  the council completely fucked up the legal decision making procedure . 
  so the `` big fines '' thing is mostly grandstading , from italy most of the time . 
  i have n't her merkel herself suggest them . 
  but yeah , they would be illegal . 
  i am very emphatic to your post , and mostly agree , but i ca n't agree to this :  this has been shown in the refugee crisis . 
  she 's not just solely running on polls . 
  this was merkel a month before she was told she ca n't send people back to hungary and greece anymore , and polls started showing people wanted to help after the drowned boy photo :  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jul/16/angela-merkel-comforts-teenage-palestinian-asylum-seeker-germany also on this :  this is bound to look bad and opportunistic but there 's no real good solution for this . 
  start supporting more powers being given to a common institution to make decisions then . 
  stop schauble from suggesting the use of esm to police member state economies . 
  stop supporting the euco system . 
  stop being the sole obstacle to the deposit scheme . 
  there is too much germany has done to give itself the powers , that it now looks like it regrets having . 
  this is hard to express , but a politician is expected to be more than simple conduit of popular will . 
  besides answering to his electorate , he is expected to govern the electorate and to lead the electorate . 
  to balance out what the electorate wants , what it needs , but also to give it direction . 
  a politician that shrugs off that responsibility and starts delivering on public opinion exclusively has traded in his principle for his career . 
  he no longer delivers leadership , direction , initiative or principle . 
  and not needing any of that , more than a few such politicians are found to have spent their careers pocketing favours for themselves when the public was n't looking . 
  private companies have gone bankrupt with such lack-luster , deliver on market data , leadership . 
  entire countries have fallen afoul of it , as those years of getting what you wanted hide the amount of things that you needed that were neglected . 
  it 's the equivalent of keeping an organization on life support . 
  and while germany can afford that now , europe has suffered a lot under it . 
  as the strength of representative democracy is that it allows leadership and expertise to take priority in politics , rather than have the media take it 's place , please do n't discount its importance . 
  national leaders have to take the lead in policy not wait for the public to make it for them . 
  edit :  one of the main selling point of populism is being anti elite and anti establishment . 
  she did not do that all populism has a lot of definitions , unfortunately . 
  everything is an ideology and all non-state approved ideologies must be purged . 
  it 's communism all over again it seems . 
  i dont think ypu realize this , for whatever reason , but for the last century mostof europe has been under facsist or authoritarian goverments . 
  the '' if you ban us you 're weak '' argument might get a rise oit of some meathead , but the honest truth is yeah , facsism tends to win in the short run and ruin in the long . 
  so no , itdoesnt get a fair chance . 
  it gets no chance . 
  you just described hungarians . 
  hell , you just described almost all german and slavic speaking peoples if you date it back to the fall of rome . 
  im pretty sure what pisses you off is that unlike the other dynastic empires this one choose to be of the wrong religious sect . 
  how about accuracy , writing stantards and journalistic ethics . 
  you know the stuff journalismwas made of before we started accusing everyone of bias ? 
  politico has attacked several european figureheads with proper homework done . 
  by comparisonthe telegraph attacks the eu because it admits it wants to attackthe eu . 
  maybe . 
  just maybe . 
  trying tomake things about `` bias '' is actually an attemp at taking attention from a complete lack of standards or quality . 
  thing the express and telegraph lack in spaded . 
  and viruses adapt , does n't make vaccines useless . 
  this law targets those too lazy opportunistic or stupid to get around it . 
  for the `` pin stripe suit '' types there is a different set of lawsthat already caught several political parties . 
  the law is blind and there 's no defence in ignorance . 
  there will be leniency no doubt , but the law is n't there for tourists to flaunt . 
  germany is n't a theme park . 
  ... right . 
  i think you and / u/hawkuk suffer your own bias there . 
  its not about hurting feelings . 
  its about not giving potential neonazies any wiggle room . 
  use of any symbol of the nazi regime is good enough a crime , with the idea that if you that stupid to begin with you 're likely stupid enough to actually try recreating their damn policies . 
  politico is actually quite a good source . 
  something that works . 
  and `` just a free trade zone '' isnt fit for purpose in europe or efta would still be relevant instead of a barnacle on the eu . 
  likely not just one . 
  it 's not likely it even need to be big . 
  the epp dont really card about the eu . 
  for them it 's just anothet way to keeps milking the private sector of favours . 
  they 'd gladly let orban whatever as long as he 's helping one of their corporate friend . 
  i was afraid of this . 
  too many get suckered by self-advertised reputation and a tour of central london , too few have experience with the inner political , the backbenchers , and other `` thick of it '' style incompetence . 
  the european leadership seems not to have the guile to spot an animal thats has puffed itself up and is now wavering . 
  i guess it 's safe to say the uk will have an easy time of negotiation as a result as the eu keeps giving the uk rom to maneuver through it 's typical slothlike reflexes and institutional caution . 
  read the conclusion . 
  any study whocadresses accusations of lack of scientific diligence with `` our study isnt about diligence '' and after go into a rent over their political opinion is only worth wipping your ass with . 
  it 's the some as climate change skepticism and antivax , a lot of eagerness to jncritically believe anything thats looks remotely official without diligence . 
  shame . 
  give it time . 
  bismark said europe does not really exist , thats its just a geographical term at best , but we aim to prove him wrong . 
  thanks for saying as it is : bring born on a piece of land is nothing special unless you made it mean something . 
  damn those thats want european to be relegated to a handfull of dirt and a spot on the map . 
  epp group tend to stick tightly to each other in a way few other groups do . 
  there is some disagreement in the group over fidesz but the leadership seems to have been brought off by whatever deal orban made with them . 
  epp group tend to stick tightly to each other in a way few other groups do . 
  there is some disagreement in the group over fidesz but the leadership seems to have been brought off by whatever deal orban made with them . 
  epp group tend to stick tightly to each other in a way few other groups do . 
  there is some disagreement in the group over fidesz but the leadership seems to have been brought off by whatever deal orban made with them . 
  epp group tend to stick tightly to each other in a way few other groups do . 
  there is some disagreement in the group over fidesz but the leadership seems to have been brought off by whatever deal orban made with them . 
  epp group tend to stick tightly to each other in a way few other groups do . 
  there is some disagreement in the group over fidesz but the leadership seems to have been brought off by whatever deal orban made with them . 
  epp group tend to stick tightly to each other in a way few other groups do . 
  there is some disagreement in the group over fidesz but the leadership seems to have been brought off by whatever deal orban made with them . 
  epp group tend to stick tightly to each other in a way few other groups do . 
  there is some disagreement in the group over fidesz but the leadership seems to have been brought off by whatever deal orban made with them . 
  epp group tend to stick tightly to each other in a way few other groups do . 
  there is some disagreement in the group over fidesz but the leadership seems to have been brought off by whatever deal orban made with them . 
   when turkey becomes a free and fair democracy only then should the eu even consider starting accession talks . 
  accession talks help a country become a free and fair democracy . 
  i can say this from a country thats has greatly benefited from it . 
  we need to resell an oposite turkey from erdogans . 
  a more prosperous one , a free one . 
  so far weve been failing . 
   turkey is not compatible with european culture any country thats respects democracy , law , and basic human right are compatible with european culture .
