  the every logic of how economies of scale work , underlines why that is not true . 
  so yes , there is very much an increasing employment issue regarding natural population growth . 
  that has always been the case , and the reason we 've managed to not have to deal with it in the modern era is through the opening of new market using technological progress , ever increasing energy and food production efficiency , and various income redistribution systems , including the big two that shrink workforce competition : compulsory education and retirement . 
   what exactly are these eu rules ? 
  i 'm aware that infrastructure ( e.g. 
  prorail ) should be separate from the operating company ( ns ) , but i did n't know about these subsidy rules . 
  short and sweet : no preferential treatment . 
  no government funds injected into it . 
  no special tax reduction . 
  it 's a normal company , with a shareholder that happens to be the government . 
   furthermore , what 's the rationale behind it ? 
  i would have thought that a thriving nationalized operator ( in the model of ns , deutsche bahn ) is far better for the people than , say , the british privatized model ( absolute shambles , run purely for profit ; passenger 's interests barely get a look in ) . 
  the issue , from my understanding , is n't the management . 
  a lot of `` privatized '' services have government share owners , like deusche bahn and airbus . 
  the british can operate government owned transport if they wanted to , and for example lothian busses in edinburgh works under this model with local ownership . 
  the reason for this restriction on government support is out of a desire to run `` liberalize '' the transport market to allow some competition , especially in the case of freight , and prevent some member states running subsidized services to the detriment of others . 
  the british sort of took that idea to the next step , although it actually took it back to 1880 considering the historical precedents . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_railway_directive ) is more detail on the respective directive relating to rail infrastructure . 
  honestly , not enough good things can be said about decent and reliable early childhood care . 
  first impression : the dutch state can own the company but is prevented by eu rules from directly subsidizing it . 
  so either the state or the rail company has the money , but not both . 
  so this is a way for the company to maximize its total return , which theoretically gained the blessing of it 's main shareholder , the dutch state , because it can then re-invest in it 's own infrastructure in the netherlands . 
  ( optimistic interpretation ), 
   tbh in uk there 's immense help with housing plus some others forms of welfare . 
  like cash for heating , food and stuff , but poland isnt comeplet stripped out of walfare either . 
  just as a side-note , very limited early child care though . 
  if i remember correctly you only get a limited amount of `` kindergardening '' hours available to you , which is less than the total working hours of a fully employed individual . 
  it 's the bad experiences you have to worry about . 
  to give an extreme example , it 's not the 99.9 % of people that do n't kill someone that are the reason for the the law , but the 0.1 % that do . 
  this goes for everything else . 
   yea that 's why germany and japan have some the lowest birth rates in the world . 
  you 're missing that japan and germany also have higher expectation and costs for raising children . 
  you do n't just try to barely manage to get above poverty , you try to secure their future . 
  and in an economy where you need the income of two people to manage a household , and professional absences are severely felt , child rearing turns into a balancing act . 
  so it 's not nearly as simply as `` they 're rich , what do they have to worry about '' . 
  western countries have higher expectations , and complimentary anxieties to go with them . 
   improving employment is listed as one of the reasons for the boom . 
  you decided to focus on the social benefits . 
  you ignored the argument and passed it now as your own . 
  i focused on the stuff which is genuinely harmful and has recently been implemented , or in the case of contraceptive restriction , is in the course of implementing . 
   i believe you dont have enough of it  . 
  when i was young i 'd often overhear the news . 
  one thing that stuck to mind was an old woman who killed her 2 handicapped grandkids and herself because she felt sorry for her daughter having to support everyone . 
  another was a payed foster family who adopted a child for the money and used him to stub out their cigarettes . 
  just 2 stories in the cornucopia of that is the 1990s . 
  so yeah , none at all . 
   i agree . 
  then we will be back at the roots , which is a family supporting its members since the birth to the late old age . 
  having lived in a 3 generation household , i do n't think you realize the amount of pressure and conflict this creates on a family . 
  especially since unlike `` our roots '' we no longer own farms which can feed people during periods of economic hardship . 
  so you get all the economic burden placed on the 2 working adults of the household . 
  and while everyone has parents and children that need taking care off , not everyone has an equal amount of resources to do so . 
  it depends , really . 
  it 's like mortgages . 
  if you have people relatively financially secure and interested in getting a house , then it 's a sign of a growing economy and sense of security . 
  on the other hand , if you have people with dubious financial and social security taking advantages of temporary incentives . 
  then you have a bubble . 
  of course , the analogy breaks own with birth control restrictions . 
  no one is ever socially and legally pressured into getting a house they 're not sure they can afford . 
   the 500 z\u0142 benefit is not enough of incentive to change someones family plans , but its just enough to keep children out of poverty . 
  the whole point is that people without job or basic security were not having babies , even if they really wanted to . 
  then fix job and basic security . 
  90 % of what is stopping people from having children is anxiety , usually relating to finances . 
  and if you think someone has n't managed to pocket a percentage of that 500 zl as beer money , you have too much faith in people . 
  it 's best to stay away from cash-in-hand programs because of that , because sadly enough there genuinely are people like that . 
   the only difference is , that there wont be cultural differences between `` old '' and `` young '' poles . 
  i imagine this is a jibe at the immigration policies employed in germany and france , but it 's , well , cute that you 've put it that way . 
  if there has ever been a more fixed force in human nature , it 's the generational pendulum . 
  either way , i do n't think it matters much . 
  in 20 years it 's very likely that the current pension/welfare setup collapses , so nativist and immigrationists are sort of fighting yesterdays battle on this `` demographic decline '' business . 
  well , if you 're going to do it : a ) invest in orphanages , cause you 're going to get orphans . 
  b ) the sort of person who 's willing to have a couple of extra children due to the government pay out , is not the sort of person you want raising children . 
  c ) in 20 years these extra people will hit the workforce . 
  if you 're lucky , they wo n't be competing with existing members of the workforce . 
  if you 're unlucky , because for example you just had a major socio-economic crash , you 've just developed the making of a crimewave . 
  that 's of course , if you go ahead with it . 
  the larger lesson is that directly interfering with people 's choice in family planning is a bad idea , and you should go back to the drawing board if you want demographic stability . 
  so restrict abortion , contraception and pay people to have children . 
  that 's nice , we had something similar in the 1960s called decree 770 . 
  that was a lesson learned . 
  on one had you 're absolutely right . 
  on the other , maybe that was simply too much to hope for . 
  risking the possibility of future pogroms and all out war , on the off-chance that reason will overcome human nature is a very risky bet . 
  and the subsequent military coups in both nations emphasize that . 
  even without the russian-like minority politics , the only time relations seemed to have been improving was during the earthquakes a decade ago . 
  and that seems like another world right now . 
   the 1923 `` population exchange '' should however be enough to demonstrate that the turkish and greek leaders at the time where utter filth . 
  considering what happened in cyprus 50 years later , the population exchange looks like good forward thinking to prevent another war . 
  to be fair here , the date if correct is chosen to match the events of what is now considered the greek and armenian genocides starting in 1914 . 
  so it contains both the killings and the movements . 
  as an addition , regarding someone posting that more people were killed than moved ( you know who you are ) . 
  even the most generous estimates do n't allow for that to be true . 
  i , myself , have no horse in this race . 
  the entire early 20th century is a monumental tragedy as far as i 'm concerned , but it 's wrong for sins of the father to carry to the son . 
  actually , it 's likely the motive is more cynical than that . 
  they might be trying to avoid reparations . 
  no one likes giving away stuff . 
  just checked and my own country has just now started to clear the way for some progress in reparations . 
  underplaying ? 
  you 're seeing what you want to see .
