   where does the eu get the manpower ? 
  is europe going to institute a mandatory draft ? 
  is europe going to train and maintain a large force over time . 
  um , where does any army get the manpower : volunteers . 
  this is not rocket science . 
  it 's pretty clear how things should go . 
  this is a normal reconnaissance patrol . 
  russian military must be very familiar with doing them by now to recognize them . 
  thank you for your timely response to them after detection , it will be very helpful . 
  the weird part is how fidesz did n't just make a deal with jobbik . 
  it 's not like it would have hurt them to scrap the program . 
  either orban is refusing deals out of pride , or that residency-for-sale program has a very good reason for existing . 
  thought the same thing . 
  a military defeat was hardly the end of the commonwealth . 
  i 'd have thought the results of the tarnogr\u00f3d confederation would have been far more appropriate , especially considering the events surrounding the grodno sejm much later . 
   i can understand him wanting to tackle one thing at a time . 
  or he 's trying to get on a referendum platform , any platform , and that 's the only one he can get traction on . 
  it 's not like long-term planing has been the hallmark of such parties . 
  do n't jinx it . 
  this has been a year of unpleasant surprises . 
   values are n't a birthright : you need to keep caring about them . 
  living in the west , however you define it , being western , provides no guarantee that you will care about western civilisation . 
  the values european humanists like to espouse belong just as easily to an african or an asian who takes them up with enthusiasm as to a european . 
  by that very logic , of course , they do not belong to a european who has not taken the trouble to understand and absorb them . 
  the same , of course , is true in the other direction . 
  the story of the golden nugget suggests that we can not help caring about the traditions of `` the west '' because they are ours : in fact , the opposite is true . 
  they are only ours if we care about them . 
  a culture of liberty , tolerance , and rational inquiry : that would be a good idea . 
  but these values represent choices to make , not tracks laid down by a western destiny . 
  this is a well-thought out statement and if the rest of the article matched it , it would be a perfect request to mind the fragile nature of civilization . 
  unfortunately it comes at the very end and instead of trying to rally people to the virtue of humanism and rationalism , he sort of gibbers into `` i am human , i think nothing human alien to me . '' which is pretty much the `` brexit is brexit '' of cultural thought . 
  the `` progressive left '' , my ideology supposedly , continues to disappoint . 
  and before that , lots of historical fluff . 
  and he 's partially right , historical figures are n't relevant to the average individual . 
  but in the way that the fashion industry is n't relevant to the average department store , or scientific papers are n't relevant to the airplane you fly in or the car you drive . 
  they are n't relevant because you 're at the receiving end of an ongoing process gifting you already made products after decades of trial and error . 
  but that process is intrinsic to everyones way of life , despite how silly and detached it occasionally seems . 
   maybe nz ? 
  thank fuck nobody outside nz knows about national , let alone the flag debacle . 
  considering romania , russia and ireland , i 'm inclined to say this is a map of the countries most likely to give self-deprecating snide answers . 
   while the eu has ignored the economies of europe as they burn support fiscal union and you can make that statement in good conscience . 
  otherwise , the eu ca n't do much besides maintain the single market . 
  it has half the early budget of germany to cover the entire continent . 
  and do n't do yourself the disservice of confusing the eu with the eurogroup . 
  the eurogroup was created outside the eu and it 's parliament because eurosceptics did n't want to give it that power . 
  but i generally agree with the sentiment . 
  it 's time we took matter seriously and actually promoted a continent wide revival plan . 
  that actually falls more into demagoguery . 
  which is often what people really want to say , when they say populism . 
  in an impossibly broken system that gave 2 bad candidates . 
  but even so , the fact he won says more about the people who voted for him , rather than redeeming him . 
  maybe they 're not really being ignored . 
  maybe the `` giant douchebag '' platform simply is n't a natural platform for most people to take . 
  my apologies , a bit of half-remembered rhetoric to drive home a point on my part . 
  but we are actually severely under-funding defense : http://www.stripes.com/news/europe/report-european-militaries-ill-equipped-to-defend-themselves-1.396192 source of the document quotes in the article : http://publications.atlanticcouncil.org/nato-alliance-at-risk/, 
  to begin with , as i pointed out there is a `` win scenario '' in a mad situation . 
  and on to the next point , carthage had power projection ( in fact the power projection , navy still being the only power projection method we have besides long range bombers ) and rome started with no power projection at all . 
  do n't underestimate a determined foe with a plan . 
   they might be able to chip away from some smaller countries , but they surely are n't capable of much more than that . 
  sheer numbers only get you so far . 
  money has the same trait , it only gets you so far . 
  the european command is a disjointed mess , and our logistic capabilities tested in libya have proven insufficient for a week of pre-prepared operations . 
  not to mention a total lack of conventional war experience . 
  we 've also been underfunding key components in our armies ( remember germans using broomsticks ? ) . 
  the russian army by comparison has a unitary command , experience with chechnya , georgia , ukraine and syria , chiefs of stat spending their working hours trying to find strategic weaknesses to exploit , and have de-funded r&d in favor of strengthening existing military forces . 
  this might just be a classic repeat of the historical formula of : rich army looses to poor army with better organization . 
   if a war starts , it will be between nuclear powers . 
  no one , and i mean no one , wins this war . 
  all sides will be losers , that 's a guarantee that kept the peace in most of the world for the past 75 years . 
  `` nuclear deescalation '' . 
  the idea is that you 're opponent is willing to loose in a limited way , rather than loose everything despite you sharing the same fate . 
  it might not work forever , but it only needs to work once . 
   it 's no longer about conflicting ideologies , but about maximizing profits . 
  and wars are only good for business when the winner can gain something from the loser . 
  they are not great when everyone is a loser , even if you win . 
  pretty much carthaginian mentality when dealing with rome . 
  a hundred years later rome burned carthage , capua and corinth to the ground and made their point : it 's not about the money . 
   honestly , i ca n't even picture the eu army . 
  it 's still very much a pipe dream even for the advocates . 
  i can , because there is never anything really new under the sun and federal armies are a practiced principle . 
  national armies , supplemented by norad-style command and control of deployable units . 
  shared officer academies and requisition committees . 
  so on and so forth . 
   in the present , countries actually have their own militaries they can rely on . 
  `` rely on '' ? 
  rely on to do what ? 
  rely on to loose with grace ? 
  rely on to be a year-on-year expense to satisfy nato requirements but do little else ? 
  rely on to be a place where you put those too incompetent for the private sector but too uneducated for the public sector ? 
  what do our various ramshackle armed forced provide in terms of security ? 
  and you know what , they can be kept , there is no reason to disband them even with a eu army . 
   my point exactly . 
  who wants to have an army run by someone who can outvote your national interests ? 
  pretty much an argument against democracy in general . 
   the only parties who actually have a deep interest in this are the french and german arms producers as the eu army would mean their companies would have a de facto monopoly in europe . 
  let 's ignore those of us who see the geopolitics of the situation and focus on your point here . 
  exactly how , in your head , do they already not have a practical monopoly , between them and the americans , considering that a lot of the stuff smaller armies buy are from them since not a lot of countries build submarines , tanks , or airplanes . 
  national industrial complexes in europe are a bit of a joke . 
  federalizing might actually give some of the smaller eastern european companies a chance to compete on a larger market rather than face french/german national interests and fail to their local favorites . 
  i think you 're being overly optimistic and seeing a few embers plucked from the fire as a sign of progress .
