   and because the commission covers non-ez states it is absolved of its responsibilities in the ez ? 
  what sort of logic is this ? 
  the very logic member states use . 
  schauble reprimanded juncker for getting involved in the eurozone negotiations . 
  source : http://www.politico.eu/article/schauble-european-commission-power-eurogroup-juncker-dijsselbloem-grexit/  during negotiations over a third bailout package for greece earlier this month , sch\u00e4uble cast doubt on the commission 's authority to take decisions and negotiate directly with athens . 
  he offered reminders that it is eurozone member states , as represented by their finance ministers in the eurogroup , who are greece 's actual creditors rather than the commission . 
   except in monetary concerns . 
  if you 're thinking about the euro , the eurozone is separate from the eu because a certain member did n't want the currency union dominating the eu . 
  so it became a different international organization , lead by member states . 
  blaming the eu for the faults of the eurozone council , pretty much confirms the above quote . 
  i do n't know how the euro can be blamed for that decrease , but i 'm sure someone is right now trying to find a way . 
   mr juncker helped lot of them hide money in luxembourg but he was outraged when barroso went to goldman sachs . 
  to be fair here , it 's not like luxembourg is being spared . 
  source : https://www.ft.com/content/733c68bc-9d4d-11e4-9b22-00144feabdc0 http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-15-5880_en.htm, 
  every country does it in some way , but it 's a terrible system to have let alone campaign on . 
  there 's a hundred ways to make a parent 's life easier , none of which need involve giving them money directly . 
  especially large sums . 
  it sounds like a nice idea , until you see how shitty some parents are . 
  and all that birth promotion campaigns that include direct economic incentives do is encourage bad parents to have children they are otherwise unwilling to have just for the short term benefit . 
  ( thinking of hungary 's family loans ), 
   do they have tax brackets on corporate tax ? 
  very likely not , but it was the only way i could describe the equivalent effect of the apple tax deal , applied across the board . 
  this is not about punishment . 
  this is about a whole bunch of other things , and doing eye-for-eye justice is really low on the priority list . 
  one , we have to prevent a race to the bottom . 
  it 's the reason we do n't allow subsidies of national industries . 
  it leads to economic warfare , competition and inevitably the country which is willing to throw the most money wins . 
  two , we 're currently under an unofficial deal with the us . 
  we ca n't tax our own companies without lobbyies complaining . 
  so we tax their companies , they tax ours , we both make a big deal out of it like we 're at war or something , and we make out like bandits with the revenue . 
  it 's a good deal . 
  whatever , i just wish they actually started getting to the core of the issue instead of regurgitating non-sense . 
  you can have a debate on facts , and on law . 
  you ca n't have a debate on accusatory shit-flinging . 
  and for that to begin , they need to be honest about what they want changed . 
   in order to pay for and offset a larger and larger ratio of our population becoming old and unproductive , we most import even more unproductive people , just young ones . 
  the geneva convention . 
  that is the reason why countries take in refugees . 
  read on it . 
  and if you disagree , ask for it to be changed , openly and honestly . 
  [ diffusion of responsibility . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diffusion_of_responsibility ) it 's 27 people in a room , all of them the highest office in their respective country , trying to make a decision . 
  you 're not going to realistically see anything of use come from them , especially an admission of blame . 
  likely not , this is n't the first time the commission has gone after sweetheart deals . 
  this is only massive in the bill , not in the number of participants . 
  belgium had as many 35 multinationals benefiting from a similar deal . 
  simply not making a certain deal public knowledge is sufficient grounds for it to count as discriminatory , by virtue of the guarding of the information . 
  in fact , simply having a large enough section of companies left out of such a deal despite having similar business models might be sufficient whatever the reasoning . 
  source : http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-16-2923_en.htm ( in background ), 
  just because more than one company is involved does n't make it a `` consistent tax regime '' , i do n't know what gave you that idea . 
  it just shows a pattern of behavior regarding selective taxation to certain companies . 
  the very fact that this deal is obfuscated suggests that it was not an open option to companies with a similar business model to apple . 
  to be a consistent tax regime , it should have been an open policy to begin with . 
  then there is the `` statelessess '' of the apple home office , which is just odd in so many ways . 
  and it 's actually the basis of how selective this is . 
  because by making the home office stateless , ireland made it exempt from it 's own tax rules . 
  the question is : does putting humans in space now , delay us putting more people in space later ? 
  i 'd argue that yes it does . 
  humans can not achieve anything meaningful right now , while being extremely costly to keep alive . 
  to put more humans in space , we need to build the infrastructure to support them without an earth lifeline , and that can be currently done using just roboting extensions . 
  getting asteroid in orbit and experimenting with mining being the first priority . 
  human spaceflight right now is mostly limited by our comfort regarding how long we can keep people there and still expect them to survive when back on earth . 
  this roundabout is n't getting us anywhere anymore . 
  the deal required signing-off by the irish government , which it did in 1991 and 2007 . 
  and no other company has come forward or been discovered of agreeing to a similar interpretation of their sales/ip deals . 
  source : https://www.ft.com/content/cc58c190-6ec3-11e6-a0c9-1365ce54b926  dublin insists it has not heavily relied on such rulings , unlike the netherlands or luxembourg . 
  but those that did benefit from `` comfort letters '' on profit allocations could be in the crosshairs . 
   it is unclear how many secret tax rulings ireland has issued . 
  the commission in its apple decision mentions about 10 other examples , primarily to show that apple 's terms were more favourable . 
  speculation in brussels has already turned to other irish-based us tech companies , including microsoft . 
   i sure do hope that esa at some point also develop human launch certified rockets . 
  both the vega and ariane rocket families are very reliable , but are not rated for human space flight . 
  a human capable rocket combined with a ixv inspired lander would enable esa to launch humans into space and getting them back safely . 
  i doubt it 's a wise move . 
  the more i look into it , the more it 's becoming clear that `` humans in space '' is a luxury with few upsides . 
  the stuff we need to be doing up there for long-term development , including improvements in asteroid mining , energy production and resupply/refueling , that will eventually form the backbone of a space economy can all be done cheaper through the use of umanned vehicles and waldos . 
  for the sake of the long-term , we have to prioritize lowering launch and mission costs to allow that . 
  and with automation coming , every extra person is going to be someone extra on the unemployment line in the future . 
  people are looking at the present pension system and think it 's the one thing that should remain stable , and everything change around it . 
  but we 're seeing lives becoming longer , and jobs becoming rarer or requiring more skill/talent . 
  if we maintain pension age as is , it means more pressure on the budget . 
  if we raise it , it means job turnover is slower . 
  the best decision right now is try to keep population stable , and well-trained , and prepare for the future . 
   is n't that exactly what was done ... ? 
  there 's a media and a legal campaign to paint the ruling as `` bizzare '' , `` confusing '' and `` legal mumbo jumbo '' . 
  but the premise is quite clear , apple was offered `` statelessness '' by the irish government through selective interpretation . 
  this interpretation seems to have been fairly be-spoke and not open for just any company . 
  source : https://www.ft.com/content/cc58c190-6ec3-11e6-a0c9-1365ce54b926, 
   ireland is a republic and we will look after our national interest . 
  non-answer is non-answer . 
  give it some more thought over the long term effects of playing the subsidy game , instead of seeking refuge in patriotism like a scoundrel . 
  this . 
  it 's not allowed to discriminate . 
  i imagine it can arrange for their upper tax bracket for companies to be extremely small , and achieve the same thing while being entire within the legality of competition law . 
  i 'd really like to see the public response though . 
   we do n't want your magic beans europe , we will keep our cash cow . 
  what do you think happens when this sort of behavior becomes standard ? 
  do you really think ireland can compete for special deals in the long run ? 
  it 's not just about the whole of europe . 
  ireland suffers as well .
