  incidently these are the two spots in the world that the usa cares the most about . 
  there is no such thing as `` just the way things are . '', 
  we 've already seen iran defrost relations , atleast until trump , and as you point out bellow this the us no longer has any real strategic interest in saudi arabia . 
  outside arms deals , it 's looking like saudi arabia no longer has the type of support it used to from the us . 
  iran no longer seen as that much of a threat . 
  and both have used the new world order to start several proxy-wars across the middle east as a result . 
  this situation will continue to evolve , away from us interference , turning the middle of asia into a battlefield . 
  because the us has little reason to care , outside a few key regions . 
   i do n't follow how you can ever put turkey and syria in a group with each other . 
  these fuckers hate each other . 
  turkey is more aligned with ksa and syria is aligned with iran . 
  russia also has no power outside of syria and syria is the last thing preventing russia from becoming completely fucking irrelevant . 
  not quite sure what you 're responding to , but using the word `` hate '' in the current asian wars is very strong . 
  russia and turkey seemed about to go to war , until armenia and azerbaijan started shooting at each other and then they both turned around and declared friendship . 
  asia right now is in deep realpolitik territory , where each side is finding both friends and enemies of convenience . 
  and underestimating russia 's system of caucauss alliances right now is a mistake . 
  there is a reason the russian can force project all the way to syria , they 've created a shield of allies going all the way down , cutting us off from the caspian sea territories . 
  and as much as turkey hates syria , they might work with them and the russian if it means gaining an edge over us . 
  also , as a side note . 
  turkey and ksa are apparently on a `` live and let live '' agreement of not getting into each other 's way . 
  they seem to maintain almost zero contact with each other . 
   trade with china has made the west very fucking rich and has been a massive boon for china at the same time . 
  china does n't really ever do anything rash and they always seem to be mainly concerned with the long term play . 
  never needing to worry about popular support or elections is a definite strength in that regard . 
  for now . 
  the push into the china sea is it trying the waters of how much it can get away with . 
  we have to remember that outside the western powers , the ideology is not trade and prosperity . 
  but control and security , where trade and prosperity function as avenues to getting them . 
  china will continue seeking long term safe bets on gaining further influence , not out of a desire to be a `` friendly rival '' , but because it ca n't afford to push it 's luck while it 's still building up . 
  when we are dealing with the asian powers , forgetting to apply realpolitik , in favour of contemporary western liberal foreign relation theory will cost us . 
   i disagree with how you describe relationships as i tried to outline , but the main thing i disagree with is the predictions of far right nationalism in the eu . 
  it just seems so out of place and a complete shift in culture . 
  there is a massive fucking leap from turkey or hungary to the netherlands of all places . 
  we 're seeing different speed adoptions of an extremely similar ideology and political style . 
  it 's not a stretch to assume that , while results will vary , they 'll be roughly similar to what we 've already seen . 
  `` different cultures '' have a place in how politics works , i 'm not being deterministic , but the general trend is to a more reactionary and adversarial form of inter-state politics in europe . 
  the mistake is to believe that `` end of history '' is true , and we are immune to the destruction of liberal governance in favor of illiberal authoritarianism . 
   a weak europe hurts the usa and it is really short sighted for usa critics to think the usa tries to fuck over europe . 
  i 've never said anything like that . 
  like i said , we are very likely to receive it 's blessing in rising up as a world player , and carving out a sphere of influence to compliment it 's own . 
  i fully believe that the us feels the need for a `` world partner '' , something which putin hopes to take advantage of and a need which we keep dismissing to our detriment . 
  as i said above `` access to the common market '' to them means anything from wto-rules to full membership . 
  so they play with the term loosely . 
  it 's the sort of ambiguity you have to expect from the kind of people who use `` brexit is brexit '' as a meaningful statement . 
  thanks . 
   same to you . 
  unfortunatly i have to continue the system to keep track of everything without getting lost in quotes . 
  ** i. ii-tier hegemons ** my definitions is : any state capable of projecting a sphere of influence . 
  or , any state capable of political , economic and/or military coercion of another . 
  or , any state capable of engaging in proxy warfare through external actors . 
  by that standard , russia , iran , china , india and saudi all fall roughly equally compared to the `` too powerful to be considered a conventional force '' us . 
  admittedly , you are right china has the ability to be ahead of the pack , but each one of those states has leveraged ideological strengths to gain ahead in ways china has not . 
  because of this , i wo n't say for example that iran falls under russia or saudi falls under us , because it 's a `` cold war '' sort of dychotomy that no longer works . 
  the russia-iran-china-india-saudi pentacle are actually separate actors with different relations to each other and the us , all capable of inflicting significant damage to the other and projecting influence . 
  they have secondary sphere 's under the larger us global sphere . 
  and are in constant competition with each other . 
  even china will likely serve equally as a us ally as it would an enemy in the future , much like all those countries , due to their realpolitik understandin of that competition . 
  and the us likely sees all of them as friends/enemies of convenience . 
  on russia and why it matters ** russia has never had the best anything in the world for long . 
  it 's default state has always been poorer , worse equiped , worse run , but bloody massive . 
  and it has leveraged the little advantages it had to still rise above . 
  lately we 've been seeing it spearhead new `` illiberal democracy '' movements , using clever funding , post-truth news , and placed agents . 
  we 've seen agent interference in montenegro , and using nationalist connection in hungary . 
  we 're also seeing , as you point out , control of resource pressure point using north stream and the syrian , turkish and azerbaijani alliance to cut off alternative pipe-corridors . 
  the danger is as weak as it is , russia has a plan , and russia has a stable internal situation . 
  so despite drawbacks , the determination to follow that plan will erodate away at disorganized resistance . 
  laying the groundwork for a true `` eurasian union '' with it at the center . 
  ** iii . 
  danger of associating the european brand with the west of america ** we may have the most prosperous period in human history . 
  but a good deal of difficulty has come from american created problems , and even worse , american created perceptions . 
  by monopolizing the top position as western power , the us has painted a picture of civilization that is seen as `` ruthless capitalist '' , `` society atomists '' and `` needlessly interventionist '' . 
  even in europe we 've agitated against it , and has been ironically a great help to our far right . 
  the wealth-centered self-obsessed individualism of the us does n't really match corporative european wellbeing . 
  that image missmatch , combined with unilateral decisions like the sort that lead to the banking crisis and the iraq war , as well as our presence on the `` front line '' of africa and asia makes us the punching bag for their policies . 
  this inequality has actually not served us well . 
  and i think we should distance ourselves from their brand or coopt it , as well as cut out a region where their policies do n't apply and their interference is n't acceptable for our own safety . 
  considering their inability to actually manage the neighbouring region in the first place , as well as actually being pushed by usa long-term planners to actually do what i described i think we 'd actually receive their blessing in this . 
  edit ( sorry ) : ** iv . 
  division in europe **  i am having trouble understanding your point of this divided europe and what conflicts you are predicting on the continent . 
  russia has leveraged the conflicts in ukraine and syria , as well as western opposition , to increase domestic support . 
  turkey has done similar with syria , russia , the kurds , the coup , and eventually europe . 
  orban has been increasing hostile talk with romania , has been funding ukrainian hungarian ethnics , and has increased tensions with the eu . 
  poland has been using russia as a scapegoat to create a political army , as well as fearmonger against the eu . 
  if we start seeing that type of politics spread , in france , the netherlands and onwards , we will see a situation of `` one against all '' , where populations are kept under a constant state of war readiness to the benefit of domestic support for authoritarian rulers and their feudal systems . 
  in other words , we are in danger of becoming belarus . 
  not all of us , but a significant enough number to be disruptive without endangering the peace . 
  this might mean that while a european peace under the american hegemony might continue , our prosperity will be funneled to factional interests inside states , turning us into south-east asia , latin america or the middle-east . 
  the issue is that there is a significant difference between free trade agreement and the single market . 
  the single market is non-discriminatory and comprehensive . 
  while trade agreements are somewhat discriminatory , and that 's why they take time to negotiate . 
  the uk politicians like to use `` access to the single market '' to straddle both horses , but they are entirely different things . 
  the single market offers the uk complete equal status and non-discrimination . 
  while an fta can be negotiated to the advantage of the eu , since in relative terms the uk has more to gain from a bad deal than no deal , and the eu has less to loose from no deal than a bad deal . 
  this means that any fta agreement that will be written will be less advantageous to the uk than the single market , and will benefit the eu more than the uk . 
  negotiating for anything else from the eu 's side would be unthinkable , since doing so would be active self-harm . 
  you make good points . 
  let me take this one step at a time . 
  is developing a local hegemon leading to balance of power competition ** distance is a great barrier . 
  two spheres of influence that never cross , are never in contention . 
  now , the two world wars suggest that distance can no longer act as a barrier but at the same time the current state of the world , the enormous amount of regional instabiity and the existance of several second-tier hegemonies ( china , russia , india , iran , saudi ) suggest that the us is not an optimum world-hegemon .
