  ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/uk-newspapers-had-dominant-pro-brexit-bias-says-reuters-institute-2016-9 ) the eurosceptic-bias represents the norm in anglo-media . 
  and the funniest thing is , that despite the clear dominance in it , and the incredible influence in both major parties in the uk , they still somehow believe they 're the `` underdog '' while at the same time claiming that they represent the `` silent norm '' in the whole of europe , a place they could n't know less about . 
  you 're given them to much credit in thinking . 
  a lot of so-called `` left-wing '' / `` remainer '' types are showing up claiming they had a change of heart because `` people are mean '' . 
  it 's [ concern trolling ] ( http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/concern_troll ) . 
  you do realize there 's a whole wide continent outside the uk , and the murdoch controlled media that set the agenda there for the past 2 decades ? 
  because a lot of people apparently do n't . 
  very much this and it 's always has been this way . 
  there was always this dogmatic belief in a `` eurosceptic silent majority '' that supported whatever anglo-media had a problem with . 
  and when push comes to shove , it always failed to materialize . 
  it 's still there in every english article , the assumption that anyone who is even remotely amiable to the eu is out of touch , no matter the country or party they are part of . 
  bit outdated , the president of the commission is proposed by parliament and decided on by the council . 
  and i 'll be damned of the council of vacillating stooges unwinds it back to the crony appointments . 
  laicity extends naturally to the election campaign . 
  if you do n't see the innate dangers in running an adversarial election campaign based , even partially , on your belonging to a religious group then i do n't know what to say . 
   they do so well because they have a monopoly on the nationalist vote while the unionist vote is split between different parties . 
  you do realize scotland has a proportional system right ? 
  `` vote splinting '' does n't really exist , and all the unionist parties put together failed to get a majority . 
   i 'll thank you to not lecture me on my country 's approach to its culture . 
  not lecturing . 
  and have actually lived there and took an interest . 
  am not surprised at the amount of hostility i get for saying anything that is n't sycophantically positive about the uk though . 
   i agree , identity is n't all or nothing , but the person i responded to dismissed other identities in favour of just a european identity , that 's what i took issue with . 
  no he did n't . 
  he paid lip service to hardheaded ethno-preservation . 
  as someone who got more than a bit sick of having ethno-mythology shoved down my throat i agree . 
  identities do n't just go away , and they definetly do n't need constant navel-gazing . 
  that 's how you turn your culture into an orientalist museum piece like china did . 
   i would question you saying all identities matter equally , that does n't seem to be the case for most people i 've met , over here a lot of people are either british or english/scottish/welsh / northern irish first , sometimes european , nationality is in the eye of the beholder . 
  i spent time seeing the orange marches , the new scots ( many of which were english ) , and heartfelt arguments that scottish and british identities can be equal and complementary . 
  also , spent time understanding pakeha/maori relationships in new zealand , and the resurgence of german regionalism . 
  there 's a lot more variety and equality in identity than you think . 
  identity is n't all or nothing , it depends on context a person can be a geordie to another englishman , an englishman to a scot , a brit to a frenchman , and a european to an american . 
  at no point does one identity matter less or more than another , it 's just a frame of reference to place himself relative to someone else , and has always been . 
  this is true for french , german , italian and even romanian regional identities , they mater in the right context , and fade in another context . 
  are n't you in the uk ? 
  the country that has half a dozen regional cultures under the umbrella of being british ? 
  and has managed that despite repeated attempts to stamp them out ? 
  honestly , such maps tell a lot more about the inevitable individual biases of the maker than can be corrected . 
  for example , even if you subscribe to the `` christendom '' - derived europe , leaving georgia and cyprus out is weird . 
  then there is the russia/turkey asymmetry . 
  the classification of existing colonies like french guinea and the pacific islands as `` europe '' . 
  it 's all over the place . 
  not that trying to safely draw consistent state continuity was easy in the first place mind you . 
  i do n't try , it 's an academic and arbitrary distinction if you do . 
  there is modern europe , and that 's it . 
  trying to get into the head of a roman is something that comes with years of study . 
  would you understand the importance of the heraclean myth in determining cultural groups around the mediterranean ? 
  of course not , we lack the innate cultural background for it , might as well be a completely different world to ours . 
  modern constructs do n't play well when extended back in time . 
  as / u/lalelerden said . 
  best not to try . 
  do you think it would be possible to talk the mods into adding a filter , like on / r/worldnews ? 
  romania is also a big supporter of the eppo , which will have the responsibility of prosecuting miss-use of eu funds . 
  so it 's not all take . 
  [ he did n't make it an issue ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/tgkujx1b6os?t=23 ) really ? 
   its crazy how we just ca n't move on from this , why do i never hear about this amount of corruption from france or germany ? 
  have n't you heard of the berlin brandenburg airport fiasco  he is owning half of my fcking county . 
  had a discussion with someone a while go , explaining what the `` preventing foreigners from buying hungarian land '' bill was about . 
  this is unfortunate , and predictable . 
  hope things improve . 
  if he did n't want his religious position to become an issue , he should n't have made a point of mentioning it . 
  this is why la\u00efcit\u00e9 is an unofficial norm on the continent . 
  `` and we subsequently keep our internet footprint and word-of-mouth to a minimum as well , to make bloody sure that we only get dutch viewers interested and no one else . '', 
  underachievement is what it is . 
  and failing to create a wikipedia page , update imdb , failing to give a bilingual dub to your bilingual show , managing to barely scratch 3000 views on your trailer . 
  you 're trying to rationalize incompetence . 
  look at allegro by comparison , they 're doing fantastic stuff despite not being a media company and hitting multi-million views . 
  `` we are not interested in having more viewers '' said no show producer ever . 
  [ the idea is as old as the enlightenment . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ideas_of_european_unity_before_1945#pre-napoleon ) and then you have similar organization like the intermarium . 
  and then it gets ignored again because this time , things will be different . 
  this time , everyone is just going to get along . 
  and then another massive war sweeps the continent , borders get re-drawn and everyone wishes something stopped it from happening . 
  repeat , ad nauseam . 
   there 's nothing inherently bad about rolling back a reform done by the previous government and returning things to how they used to work before it . 
  you keep bringing up the process , when it 's not the process that is the issue . 
  it 's the law . 
  the prosecutor should be independent of the current government . 
  the fact that the po put that reform in place does not make it inherently a bad reform . 
  this is n't about party politics , this is about politicizing the application of the law . 
  i think you 're being very optimistic . 
  idle hands find new and interesting ways of putting themselves to work . 
  i 'm hoping we can shove a good portion of the population into vr lotus eater machines , and avoid the resulting mess . 
  but that 's just a technology patch that might never come around . 
  i could consistently promote using blood-letting and arsenic as a form of medicine , like we used to , it does n't make it any less bonkers . 
  in fact , if i get voted to do it , it says quite a few things about everyone else . 
  this is no different . 
  they 're turning the country slowly back in time , and we can only hope they stop at the one-party state and do n't aim for the middle ages . 
  private debt though , which depending on where it 's spend can be good or bad . 
  considering it 's matched by increased manufacturing output , it might be actual productivity increases , although i ca n't see what is fuelling it . 
  what lead to the first renaissance was n't free time , it was a surplus of wealth used to fund projects put to uses other than new cathedrals . 
  as much as i want a new cultural explosions , similar to the belle epoque , it wo n't happen simply because people have enough to live and plenty of free time . 
  society had to provide another structure to accommodate it , and give people a sense of worth . 
  you do n't get to design `` bugs '' into a bridge , or an automated train system , or a even a trading algorithm . 
  career ending is the least of your worries . 
  even with consumer products that are just fancy toys , a `` bug '' might turn into an expensive lawsuit over a few hundred failures . 
  what you have is `` planned obsolescence '' , which can be excused because most people do n't want to buy something that lasts a lifetime , or ca n't afford it . 
  but that does n't so much protect engineering jobs , as it does manufacturing jobs .
