  i think you 're underestimating how many more were won over from having to watch the guy popping up on the telly to be asked about every random issue . 
  in westminster , the snp got far more than them when running for holyrood . 
  but yes , they 're number vote was the given reasoning . 
  myself , i suspect it was part viewer numbers from the sheer outrage he cause and a lot of left-wing self-flagellation over giving `` everyone a fair shake '' . 
  i think the lib dems wished they had the amount of influence ukip enjoyed in the media despite being the third party and in government . 
  ukip managed to backbench the government while relying in defections for seats . 
  this is an incredible precedent , and i doubt it would have been possible without the the amount of air time and paper they were provided . 
  to be fair here . 
  those tin pot loonies got fantastic amount of coverage from the media which supposedly opposed them . 
  everybody in the uk started giving farage face time simply because whatever he says , it 's definitely going to get a reaction . 
  it was insane watching him get more minutes on air than alex salmond , despite never having won an election . 
  at the very end you had the bbc having their local outspoken brexiter andrew neil giving the leave campaign interviews . 
  in america trump pretty much surfed the free media that they were giving him . 
  at one point he had every major news station waiting hours , just to witness him opening his new hotel . 
  all using the `` birther '' angle that he spent less than 5 seconds on . 
  every time he made a statement , he knew the news will spend the next few days picking it apart to figure `` what he really means '' . 
  the anglo-media has been feeding their own domestic loonies , and acting surprised when they bite . 
  they 're more like the bastard child of present day fidesz and the old mszp . 
  it 's really not surprising that they get 40 % considering they pick whatever message appeals to the most people . 
   can you elaborate on political views of these parties . 
  and put them on left to right axis ( or similiar ) um , i would n't suggest trying it . 
  it simply does n't work . 
  romanian parties work on history , personality and networks . 
  the tendency is to say whatever gets them elected rather than sticking to a certain ideological brand . 
  at best , you can make generic statements on how they are composed . 
  the psd are good-old boys from back in the early 90s . 
  their mo is to `` look after the little guy '' . 
  they recently pushed heavy tax cuts ahead of the election . 
  the pnl are the new rich . 
  they tend to be more business centered . 
  both them and psd used to be in coalition . 
  usr are the new guys on the block . 
  very much the `` concerned citizens party '' or the `` protests vote '' depending on how you see them . 
  alde is a personality party , headed by a former prime minister . 
  udmr are the hungarian minority party . 
  they tend to try to extract concessions from going into coalition . 
  that 's my short two cents on the matter . 
  hopefully someone more knowledgeable can give more meat to the subject . 
  but the biggest mistake you can make is to ask for a 5 minute table breakdown and expect it to be of any value . 
  romania is way ahead of the left/right mix populist parties of the west . 
  it 's funny how we no longer even care about the quality of journalism . 
  we 've just accepted that newspapers sell feel-good stories , and are now just having a spat over our favorite form of shit . 
  are they ? 
  i know this subs bans poor quality tabloid press . 
  do n't know what to say if those can be considered right wing . 
  except , you have my condolences for the death of journalism . 
   the guardian and the independent get way too much coverage on this sub ( and in general ) . 
  i do n't like them , but i do n't support this statement . 
  they do n't get any more coverage than any other source , there 's no grounds for stating otherwise . 
  i make a clear distinction between the actual genocide and the more loose and interpretive `` destruction of a nation '' . 
  the later is too vague and does not even come to match the scale of guilt of the genuine crime . 
  by choosing to interpret the actions of successive turkish governments as direct participation in the genocide , you 're creating a situation where they need to continue to deny it , since you 've made them accomplices . 
  you 're stacking the deck to continue the policy of denial by not giving anyone a moral way out . 
  an attitude that has both dubious reasoning as well as dubious results . 
  i ca n't believe i 'm saying this , but to defuse the situation a political `` safe space '' needs to be created in which both turkish and armenian authorities can participate as equal actors , and place the situation in the past . 
  i have no words . 
  you seem intent on creating a powder keg , and have no desire to see the long-term dangers . 
  this is europe , we 've tried everything known to man on this graveyard of a continent . 
  you know what you 're proposal sound like : the jails for the irish republicans . 
  a bunch of people stuck together with little to do , slowly becoming ideological school , eventually turning into centers of unrest . 
  it physically hurts me that viewpoints like this have become common , despite history providing ample examples of what we should do . 
  i think it 's really unfair and manipulative the way you confuse the actions of the ottoman empire and the turkish republic . 
  i agree that the republic 's eventual support of the denial of the armenian genocide has made turkey a party to it , but at the same time as rational people we have to admit that it was the ottoman state and it 's leadership that handled the affair and allow the turkish state to turn a new leaf on the matter without taking upon itself the guilt of the absolutist religious monarchy that it had to overthrow . 
  he banned religious headgear before the west even considered it an issue , and proceed to colonize his own country by establishing cultural centers to educate people . 
  this is a man who knew how to fight ignorance . 
  he just never had anyone take up his legacy . 
  the man spent the rest of his life raising orphans . 
  it 's clear he had a lot of demons , but i think later in life he did his best to make up for the past . 
   european countries take religion as cultural aspect of the country , , while meda takes it as must have laws of the state . 
  not even that . 
  in most advanced countries religions is firmly your own damn business . 
  our culture owes more to the enlightment , than to christianity . 
  it 's the reason why japan is in the same cultural sphere . 
   the carrot is that + a reasonable path to profit from our wealth . 
  if we stop handing out potential citizenship and wheelbarrows of welfare to non-citizens then the carrot is removed . 
  look at the american situation with latin america . 
  we 're not offering any damn citizenship or welfare to these people , they do n't need it to come . 
  i 'm telling you as someone from a country who 's citizens used to sneak the border into the eu : we did n't go for any of that , simply being somewhere with more money provided more opportunities . 
  undocumented labour and begging were the main reason for romanians of every ethnicity to try their luck , while people with diplomas tried to get a visa legally and started giving up in frustration and joining them . 
   we do n't need local support from non-states ( or even states if need be ) we can simply flex our military muscle there . 
  the only obstacle is our own political will . 
  but this solution is much cheaper socially and economically than what we are doing now . 
  great , the `` mini-america '' solution . 
  have you seen it provide anything in the middle east except more instability ? 
  stop falling for the `` might will save us '' speil . 
  it 's seductive , but it 's a feel good show of force with no good consequence down the line . 
  be smarter , be cleverer . 
  europe needs to think it 's way out , to play the forces around us , to create a sphere of influence . 
  is it me , or has the anglo-media gone full berserk . 
  i do n't know if it 's the sources i 'm reading , but it seems to be more eager to give a voice to every tin-pot loony in europe than the media of the countries those loonies come from . 
   the point is to remove the carrot . 
  the carrot is that we 're in one of the richest continents on earth . 
  how do you remove that exactly ? 
  people will want to come to europe . 
  that 's not a problem , that 's us doing well . 
  we should be worried if people stop wanting to come to europe . 
   and better alternatives ( set up camps in the region ) . 
  we need local support to do that . 
  and in case you have n't noticed out communal foreign policy has been non-existant , and our individual foreign policy has been rather destructive . 
  we have 0 good will to buy ourselves the opportunity to turn countries into refugee camps .
