  if i remember correctly it happened under the schroder chancellorship . 
  so it 's not like a right government was needed to get it done . 
  the issue we have is that unlike in the yugo republics , there is n't actually any mechanism to stabilize the various regions . 
  even the russian stabilized syria has issue regarding totalitarian governments and police state procedure . 
  so you might be right that it 's not going to happen soon . 
  but that 's mostly because we 've stayed away from an international solution . 
  it happened with the yugoslavian refugees . 
   `` in a fragile country like ours , it 's not wise to call a protest against the institutions , '' former republican primaries contender jean-frederic poisson said on rmc radio friday . 
  `` you demonstrate for something , not against the institutions of the republic . '' < 3, 
  i dislike merkel , consider her a populist , and i 'm not surprised on the extra information . 
  but so many people clearly have no idea what they 're talking about regarding the decision . 
  merkel 's fault was that she did n't recognize the problem in 2011-2012 , not that she did n't help created austrian , hungarian and serbian versions of the calais camps while putting another nail into schengen . 
  merkel is no less a political opportunists than orban , but she runs germany , a destination country , not some balkan thoroughfare . 
  what she does has deeper consequences , as can be seen by the fact that her decision to enforce the dublin agreement in 2012 without providing support lead to this . 
   how about we keep it as it is ? 
  because it does n't work . 
  it breaks down the moment a decision needs to be made , into squabbling self-interested factions . 
  just like the pl commonwealth , just like hre , just like the old hungarian kingdom . 
  it will rise or fall , not stand as it is . 
   i you want to change eu intlo something new , you 'd have to convince the current members first . 
  if you 're so deadset that majorities do n't matter , then two-speed europe is the only choice . 
  this time , you 're invited to stay on the outside as you clearly should have with the eea . 
   you have nato for defence , is n't that good enough for you ? 
  do i vote for the american president ? 
  do i have representatives in the american congress ? 
  so why should i have my foreign policy decided in america ? 
  why should my country be in in iraq or afghanistan to win `` good vassal '' points ? 
  atlanticism is the height of political naivete in europe , we should n't rely on the us for our defense . 
   someone knows their british political history !, 
  fascinated by it . 
  largely after living there and finding that no one could provide me with descent answers about why things are as they are . 
  found it 's a treasure trove of important lessons and obscure insights . 
  but i have to say there 's a huge gap between it and public consensus  , despite what others have responded . 
  there 's a lot of `` common wisdom '' floating around padding out those gaps . 
   joins group dedicated to `` ever closer union ''  tell those that want `` ever closer union '' to leave and make another group . 
  you say respect member 's wishes but it 's clear you do n't respect ours . 
  how about instead you just go back to efta/eea , since it 's still there ? 
  it 's clear most of europe actually wants deeper integration in one form or another , why insist on turning us into efta despite that ? 
  just making a joke . 
  thather sort of did a hard reset of the uk , and atleast to my foreign perception the british sort of completely ignore that the middle of the 20th century ever existed . 
  so , it goes chamberlain-churchill-attlee - [ redacted ] - thatcher-major . 
  churchill 's second term ? 
  the suez crisis ? 
  the life and end of the sterling area ? 
  the large nationalizations ? 
  the pound in your pocket ? 
  the winter of discontent ? 
  the mccrone report ? 
  so and and so forth ? 
  gone or half forgotten , like dreams in the morning . 
  the one thing that seems to have survived and kept being discussed in a very niche circle of pundits is the rivers of blood speech . 
   if you had known the uk in the 60s or 70s , the era of forgetting must not be mentioned !, 
   if all you want is eu to give you money and protect you , sure . 
  feel free to paint me and my co-nationals as leeches . 
  i 've come to expect no better . 
  there 's little egalitarian spirit coming from the western eurosceptics , just insults and bigotry . 
  we 're as dedicated to this project as our wealth and development allows us . 
  we 're not fully using our allocated funds because of corruptions checks , and instead of wanting those removed we 're asking for even more , while sweden , the netherlands and denmark moan and groan about exceptions and sovereignty with the eppo . 
  you 're blocking us , and what amounts to core europe from developing out of your own sense of exceptionalism . 
  we want more law , more order , more protection . 
  and you 're like rich people who 's only use for law and order is to keep themselves rich . 
  honestly ? 
  if i had to choose between an eu that is strong and capable of controlling frech , german , russian and american ambition and an eu with sweden it ? 
  i 'd choose the former , and adios . 
  trade unions come and go . 
  but peace is precious . 
   we do n't got that many enemies currently . 
  so there is no hurry to join a military alliance . 
  that 's like not buying fire insurance until your house is on fire . 
  [ this ] ( http://60811b39eee4e42e277a-72b421883bb5b133f34e068afdd7cb11.r29.cf3.rackcdn.com/2016/09/pj15-defence-integration-07.16-permanent-headquarters.jpg ) is the original image used in the [ votewatch article ] ( http://www.votewatch.eu/blog/what-chances-for-a-real-european-common-security-and-defense-policy/ ) . 
  the image posted was apparently made for [ this blog ] ( http://www.unitedpeople.ie/the-eu-army/ ) , who 's agenda is pretty obvious . 
  exploring it a bit . 
  and ran straight into the section called [ `` how to be harvested by us '' ] ( https://www.europeandataportal.eu/en/providing-data/how-to-be-harvested-by-us ) . 
  it has begun . 
   we just want to trade and then be done with it that was efta . 
  you were in efta . 
  you then left it to join the eu . 
  do n't complain that we 're not efta , after leaving it behind . 
   i fully agree but the article is not about rights conferred by citizenship - unless i misunderstood it horribly . 
  and neither is parent 's comment on danishness . 
  i personally subscribe that citizenship and nationality are the same thing . 
  in a country where you can loose a promotion because you 're not part of the right party , i might have really low standards  . 
  but i truly believe in romania as a state of citizens , rather than an ethnic zoo pen . 
   wan na bet that a large part of population will call him ungur though ? 
  :p ( or even bozgor ) tudom . 
  but you know the funny thing ? 
  found out that swiss citizens call each other french and german , despite both being swiss . 
  people are just like that . 
  i 'm from the south , so familiar with casual bigotry . 
  but if you define the ideal by the opinions of a bunch of tarani , who 're looking for an excuse to shit on someone then we 've already lost . 
  best to accept that we 're all in this together , and make the best of things with what we 've got . 
  no matter if we use 14 vowels around the house , or just 7 . 
  it gives structure and predictability . 
  and it 's easier to swallow a negative outcome , if you believe the process that did it is fair . 
  we all sort of loose in the eu , foreigners are allowed to buy up cheap romanian land to do nothing with , romanians take french jobs , the dutch pay more into the communal pot , polish farmers have to live by standards made for western pricing . 
  but the process of getting there seems right . 
  we elect people , they make rules by consensus/majority , judges decide cases based on them , and decisions get made . 
  in the international system it 's always weak against the strong . 
  even when a decision is fairly made , you ca n't help but feel the opposing party got something over on you and demagogues take advantage of that . 
  every deal becomes an unfair deal that you 're not yet strong to repair , or one so biased for you that you ca n't really complain .
