   i 'm afraid i ca n't return the favour , apart from surface details of ceau\u0219escu . 
  no worries . 
  european history is a damn pain , let alone the balkans . 
  come visit sometimes , it 's an education  . 
  first she takes bribes from russia and support crimean annexation , then she gatecrashes trump tower and gets support from an american news organization , now she thanks the british for showing france what to do ? 
  this person does not represent the france i though i knew . 
  do you really want to thank me for that ? 
  i ca n't even look at her now without fearing she 's going try to feign the ability to generate laughter again . 
  the romanian parliament would be a lot more efficient if we implemented deciding legislation by duels to the death . 
  we 'd also save a lot on pensions . 
  fun fact : you vote by filling into a room , sometimes an mp files into the wrong room and has to hide in the toilet until the vote is over . 
  yay , traditions . 
  interesting points , i 'll be sure to get back to you . 
   manufacturing seems to be the favorite industry of everyone that have no clue about economics . 
  which i imagine you do , and that 's why you make a point of showing your disdain for it . 
  i reality most `` working class '' jobs are actually in the service industry , like working at the checkout , transport industry , low level office jobs ... that is ... not what people talk about when they 're talking about the `` service industry '' . 
  well , you sort of mentioned logistics , but by context it might be lorry drivers . 
   it 's written by the head of a chemical industry lobbying group ... good for him . 
  [ the gif in all it 's glory ] ( http://giphy.com/gifs/prime-parliament-channels-48uoqdkrajhxg ), 
  you 're rambling . 
  also , interesting use of the word `` socialist '' , we do n't use that word that way here , on this continent . 
  where are you from my lad ? 
  a diverse economy is to a nation as healthy as a diverse portfolio to a stockbroker . 
  that being said , this article is n't about our agricultural sector , our mass media sector , or our service sector , but our industrial sector and he responded in theme . 
  i 'm not so sure about that . 
  like the chinese , europe is starting to get conservative and inward looking , secure in a sense of superiority , to `` orientalize '' itself . 
  just look how much ease russia has in maneuvering around us . 
  we need to be more careful . 
   honestly the only truly awful politician in the anglosphere is donald trump as of now . 
  boris is still angling for position . 
   however you might feel about brexit , at least the tories are competent politicians . 
  let 's agree to disagree . 
  they 're more competent than labour and the lib-dems , and that 's all you need really . 
   meanwhile new zealand has probably the most moderate right leaning party in the anglosphere . 
  new zealand has the most moderate anything in the anglosphere . 
  thatcherism in nz was implemented by a labour government , and the most divisive politician was muldoon , who 's pretty much churchill minus the war and the ability to not sound drunk while on air . 
  she is rattling around in her human shell as her molting period approaches . 
  turnbull does n't look much better . 
  although admittedly , harper seems to have been the worst of the lot . 
  i love truth more than my country.i love freedom more than my country . 
  it 's true , ideals hold a higher meaning to me . 
  i think that helps our image a lot more , than your aggressive self-centered attitude willing to pick fights with people who simply need to look into a common future , than a divisive past . 
  i 'm not a soldier in your petty battle that wins us nothing , but scorn and pity from those who think us obsessed balkan savages . 
  that 's perhaps the full extent of the wrongs i 've done . 
  i love my country . 
  which is why i treat it 's history with respect , and attention , not water it down till it has no taste so that childish minds can handle it . 
  eminescu is much more than a few love poems and a historical re-enactment . 
  but reactionaries like you watered him down as well , removed his mystical work for the sake of conservative sensibilities . 
  you 're turning the country into `` draculaland '' , a cheap replica to amuse idiots . 
   the only thing that is unearthed every election is the moldova reunion , but that 's only if moldova wants it . 
  honestly , we 're not doing a good job of selling them on it either . 
  `` why do n't we move your capital a few hundred kilometers away '' is never a good starting point . 
  we should have been a bit more open to decentralization . 
  but the `` unitarian '' identity issues one out over practical state organization . 
  one who actually picked up one or two books that were n't on the hand-feed curriculum . 
  if all you can see from me trying to undo 80 years old ethno-hysteric brainwashing as `` hostile attitude '' , than i can do nothing about it . 
  but our history is far more than what we 've been given to work with by the octogenarian conservatives who wanted ideological purity of our identity . 
  it always meant that , with china being replaced with whatever major developed economy existed in the world at the time . 
  friedrich list observed that in the early 19th century and had this to say on it :  had the english left everything to itself -- ` laissez faire , laissez aller ' , as the popular economical school recommends -- the [ german ] merchants of the steelyard would be still carrying on their trade in london , the belgians would be still manufacturing cloth for the english , england would have still continued to be the sheep-farm of the hansards , just as portugal became the vineyard of england , and has remained so till our days , owing to the stratagem of a cunning diplomatist . 
  indeed , it is more than probable that without her [ highly protectionist ] commercial policy england would never have attained to such a large measure of municipal and individual freedom as she now possesses , for such freedom is the daughter of industry and wealth . 
  for europe to be strong , and for all of us to be strong in europe , we have to learn that economic development is not manifest destiny , but careful gardening . 
  bloody hell , the netherlands lost who knows how many billions because the uk was lenient with it 's custom 's checks to poach customers . 
  olaf made a complain , but that 's all it can do . 
  someone needs to enforce the law , you ca n't have people policing themselves at their own discretion . 
  that being said , your justice system is now integrated with everyone else 's through the ecj . 
  it has to be because otherwise nothing would work between us . 
  leaving it incomplete only leaves gaps for private corporations to take advantage of , like the carousel scam . 
  this is pride taking priority over sense , honestly . 
  be practical !, 
  true , it 's a neat little fairy tale . 
  but i think non-american anglo-saxon countries are prone to believing in it . 
  americans , on the other hand , are weird . 
  talk the talk , do n't walk the walk . 
  i think it 's the military-industrial complex and strong presidency that gives them a more hands on approach by default . 
  this is europe , we do n't have things like airbus and arianespace because we `` let the invisible hand decide '' . 
  it 's either dirigism , ordoliberalismus , or outright interventionism , but never laisez-faire . 
  it 's a bit worse than that . 
  as usual the `` commonwealth brigade '' are unintentionally laying the groundwork for the atlanticists , as they move to fill the trade void that the commonwealth ca n't . 
  so , in maybe 10 years , we 'll see a ttip like agreement being formed with the us which will have it adopt their consumer protection `` standards '' . 
  from my perspective : a ) rutte 's goverment has been a lead weight on eu policy . 
  their presidency of the council was one of the most laid-back , right as the refugee crisis was brewing . 
  their blocking of the eppo was nonsensical . 
  their initial resistance to the spizenkandidat system was undemocratic . 
  b ) the netherlands is one of the countries blocking romania from schengen . 
  now i like the cmv , so i 'd prefer we keep it , but it does seem petty considering it seems to be mostly about `` taking a stand '' rather than reasoning . 
   canada , australia and nz harper , abbot and key . 
  the uk and us seem to simply be continuing a trend . 
   a victory for europe and the eu rutte was the one holding back the eppo that was supposed to fight corruption , tax evasion and miss-use of funds . 
  so more of a near-miss , while still having an lead weight attached . 
   but now that party lost a lot so we will still see a more right cabinet . 
  so even less willing to change the status quo . 
  my take : because of rule of law . 
  the world is not a nice place , it 's where the strong try to get one over the weak . 
  it 's always been like this , rich ruling over poor , and empires over smaller nations . 
  if you say you believe in cooperation , and are serious about that , then you have to believe in the necessity of law as the great leveler of men , organizations and nations . 
  that means a code of law , a court of law , and a chamber of law . 
  and that 's what the eu provides . 
  britain , from now on , will get what it has the strength to take , and keep what it has the strength to hold on to . 
  it will not be bound by vote or law , and it will not have the power to make others bound by it either . 
  it might have alliances , but those alliances will be judged by strength , not numbers or reasoning .
