  the foundations of an argument are its necessity , not its popularity . 
   most likely and something i 'm not sure would be such a bad thing in the first place . 
  considering the alternative not at all . 
  i 've listed political entities that failed as a result of lack of will to reform . 
  the fact that there 's no majority in the current eu does n't change the fact that reform is needed . 
  democracy can not re-write the necessities of reality . 
  you can cry `` there is n't a mandate '' for as long as you like , russia does n't care . 
  saudi arabia does n't care . 
  the banking industry , or the refugees did n't care . 
  disaster will happen , when we finally fall to it , it will be our fault . 
  to protect ourselves from the return of the spheres of influence , we either get that damn will together , or get a smaller union . 
  we have survived sudden storms in bad condition , but we will not survive an intelligent opponent . 
  every single challenge we faced , we floundered , fought , and dragged it on for years . 
  we never solved anything , we just waited until the situation passed . 
  just like the plc , the hre and the chinese empire , we will continue to survive simply because no one bothered to push us over . 
  but i doubt that it wo n't happen . 
  it 's becoming pretty clear that in 10 years , either new treaties will be ratified by a smaller membership of the willing or there will be no eu . 
  i 'd rather argue for the former , rather than accepting the current situation and making the later inevitable . 
  there is no technical barrier to creating a europarl configuration for the eurozone with just eurozone meps . 
  and ditto for formalizing the process and supervision of eurogroup meetings and decision making . 
  this is not a case of inability , but neglect . 
  to be fair , if hungary wanted the bark with none of the bite , it should n't have gotten into the eu 's house . 
  we suggest without `` authority or intention to enter into negotiations ! '', 
  to outside countries all the time . 
  practically the masters of the strongly worded letter . 
  but that 's to outsiders . 
  i do n't know , has it made to court ? 
  the ecj can review it and establish it 's outside their purview , but it takes time . 
  not being contradictory here , if the ecj establishes that `` principle of subsidiarity '' does not apply and the charter of human rights is being breached , it 's fair game . 
  i 'd have to disagree there . 
  the eurogroup is far beyond the code of law and due process procedures of the eu.and the esm is its own [ special international treaty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_establishing_the_european_stability_mechanism ) . 
  this is all the result form non-euro wanting countries who did n't want the eurozone to overwhelm the eu by working in it . 
  so we had to separate everything to please them . 
  we needed to do it again with the growth and stability pact cameron torpedoed . 
  we need to admit that the eurozone , ecb and eurogroup have been kept separate for too long and bring them back into the fold . 
  under the supervision of the eu parliament , the eu ombundsman , the ecj , and the treaties that form the basis of the rule of law . 
  oh no , it 's not because it 's varoufakis . 
  it 's because the eu/eurozone distinction does n't play into anyone 's narrative . 
  especially the europhobic anglo-media who ca n't even separate the echr properly , skirting the separation by calling it a `` european court '' . 
  ask schauble about it , and getting the commission involved in managing the greek negotiations and he 'll say : [ `` maybe the commission should mind it 's own business , because this is n't theirs . 
  '' ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/schauble-european-commission-power-eurogroup-juncker-dijsselbloem-grexit/ ) it 's not a mystery , it 's not denied , it 's for everyone to see during internal struggles between the ecb , eu and eurogroup . 
  and no one has a bloody clue . 
  ( unless you consider the greece affair as punitive ) even then , the whole greece affair was handled through the eurogroup and esm . 
  both of which are seperate from eu governance and treaties , and governed through intergovernmental secret ministerial meetings outside the supervision of the eu ombundsman . 
  something varoufakis himself makes a point of saying when he 's trying to explain why he is a federalist , and no one seems to listen . 
   then moscovici would not have said that those member states should be working towards joining the euro a suggestion is not an order . 
  you might try to fudge the `` should '' and `` must '' , but in the end muscovici underlined that he ca n't force anyone to do anything and that 's the end of it . 
  you 're trying really hard to twist the words to suggest `` stick '' , but all anyone is discussing is `` carrot '' . 
  these are different concepts , despite you liking it to be otherwise . 
  as a brit , i 'd have thought you appreciate the power of convention in establishing policy . 
  in practice , to people who care to understand the context , the erm is voluntary . 
  and not only that , hard to live up to . 
  now you could be a pedantic anorak about it , and keep parroting it , or you can use some of that anglo-saxon pragmatism and see it for what it is . 
  no one is forcing countries to join the eurozone . 
  do we have to repeat it in strong and steady fashion , or is it only true if the telegraph says it ? 
  as a progressive , eu reformist who is quite warm to the idea of a european new deal and eurozone integration , varoufakis is possible the worst ally we could have asked for . 
  he 's very intelligent , he knows what must be done , but he has an insurmountable ego problem and ca n't resist showing it in the media . 
  all the reforms , the idea , the movement has to take a back seat to his fight with the eurogroup ministers and the imf . 
  he 's mythologized in his head and now every interview has to be interspaced by his sob story over the fact that politics happened , the epp held all the cards in member states , and he lost . 
  he 'll never let that go , and the europhobic movements feed off his mediatized tantrums . 
  i am utterly not surprised he got pushed out by his own government . 
  he is a liability . 
  you 're wasting your breath , now that they 've got something to hang on to it will be repeated again and again , mindlessly , until it finally catches on . 
  look at theresa `` strong and stable '' may for lessons in how it 's done . 
  or the bendy banana stories . 
  or the entire scottish referendum campaign . 
  reality will always take a back seat to the narrative that pleases the dogmatics . 
  i do n't know if we should put a lot of stock in `` morally acceptable '' . 
  sure , a law that is n't also a sin tends to have far less impact on individuals but we are all a few meals away from stealing food . 
  and while hunger is fairy primal , people being the self-starting folk that they are can create all sorts of internal pressures that are just as strong . 
  personal inadequacy , fear , confusion , desire , all can have as strong an effect on someone . 
  in those conditions , culture and morality always play a secondary role . 
  the actually interesting parts revolve around accessability : how easy is it for someone to start being a criminal ? 
  does he have the required mental tool-set , the connection , the experience ? 
  have the actions required and punishment entailed normalized itself into personal homeostatis and self-identification ? 
  all of this is taught , and can be denied . 
  note : i am of course not dealing with self-control issues that lead to crimes , since at that point you 're not dealing with rational people . 
  we 're a very individualistic species . 
  it 's why we operate in pyramidal social hierarchies , we default to establishing pecking orders and we organize ourselves around that . 
  sacrificing personal happiness for community or honor only works for long if you are given back social standing and the resulting wealth it entails . 
  without some sort of reward to the person or his kin , the system will fall apart . 
  it 's also good to remember that at no point did i mention happiness . 
  we 're largely incapable of achieving it for long due to our tendency to `` normalize '' our status quo as a default/normal , the hedonic treadmill being part and package of us . 
  but status , resources , a sense of belonging are less transitory and are the foundations of a community as well as personal satisfaction . 
  i 'll just say i have doubts that a loan-based self-constructed housing cooperative will work . 
  i can see how you can turn a profit off it , as will anyone else . 
  i 'm not going to argue the point , because you 'll regard my arguments as `` wrong '' expectation , and i 'm open to be proven wrong , but where there is a dime to be made you 'll get vultures willing to play along . 
  this has been a severe issue in every help program made so far . 
   what 's ordinary for one group of people may very well be kafkaesque or worse for the other , the state is not permitted to pick sides , there , it has to cater to everyone . 
  i agree , but it takes two to tango here . 
  i admit , even to an average romanian the system is bureaucratic and there are severe service scarcities , but we simply do n't have the resources to fix that even or the main romanian ethnicity . 
  the country side is a disaster area as a result . 
  we simply ca n't put in the money to act as a `` lubricant '' between the difficulties posed by the community for long enough to stick to a generation . 
  and the friction is severe enough that both tend to entrench in counter-productive behaviors . 
  even people dealing with it on a personal basis get slowly worn out , especially natives who 's lives are difficult enough to begin with . 
  we need people and funding and honestly we have neither . 
  it 's more like there is a human universalism in regard to social climbing . 
  the physiological needs of the human body , as well as the predictable hierarchical structures in society means that no matter where you are the concept of `` wealth '' and it 's acquisition are both extremely similar and central to a person 's life . 
  it 's only the expectation of how one goes about getting it that changes . 
  culture often competes with this `` wealth-drive '' as a separate system of expectation and customs required by the individual .
