  china is bigger and more cohesive , india has its own tectonic plate , but we 're the ones getting away with bending international convention and they can just deal . 
  scarily enough i agree . 
  but i 'm a dirty pro-european bastard who 'd see our influence outshine that of rome , our technology green the sahara itself , and our people bring civilization to the highest mountain , the furthest island and the deepest desert . 
  man can dream ... 
  having never been , sort of . 
  the entire region strikes me as historically linked due to the byzantine/ottoman/soviet shared influence , or maybe just because years of radio yerevan jokes subconsciously influence my opinion . 
  honestly though , i relate to the turks as well , at least the western ones . 
  it 's more to do with perceived life attitudes rather than religion . 
  but , as for the strong church traditions ... i really do n't know what to say . 
  we 're sort of christian , but we 're kind of pagan about it , and we like our monasteries , but the bor ( church of romania ) can eat a dick . 
  i 'd like to say we 're not that different from the balkans , but we seem to stand out in religiosity in statistics , but i know we 're not nearly as religious as the poles . 
  i guess it depends what you mean by `` strong '' . 
  it 's not really geography . 
  if we were discussing geography it would be in eurasia , and we 'd be done with it . 
  a landmass is a landmass . 
  it 's convention . 
  a social and political one . 
  you 're using the circular justification that europe is what it is because it is . 
  but if we wanted armenia to be european , and we all agreed , it would be european . 
  personally i 'm on the fence on armenia , although always open to be proven wrong . 
  honestly , it likely has less to do with foreign policy , but with standardization . 
  same as back in the 19th . 
  you simply have access to more tools if you share the same rough standards as everyone else . 
  and your country become more accessible to other 's used to latin alphabets . 
   timmermans announced that the eu commission is planning to enter into formal dialogue with orban to determine where hungary is heading and where the prime minister stands with his country in the european union . 
  yup , be weak , see where that gets you . 
  do n't worry , orban is going to make sure that as weak as you are , you 're still the local bogeyman . 
  atleast you have that going for y' all . 
   it 's incredibly selfish of you to sit there saying `` i 'm voting snp because they 'll help scotland out '' while throwing the rest of the country under the bus . 
  i 've been to the uk , let me tell you this : most of the country has been thrown underneath the bus decades ago . 
  and your current political system has no interest in fixing that . 
  you 've bought into the line that the snp are anti-english , when in fact they 're reacting just like everyone else in the uk . 
  but while everyone down south blames the eu for everything that 's gone wrong , the snp actually narrowed in on the real culprit : a national political system which is not only unpresentative , but manipulative and careless . 
  if you woke up and realized it , the snp might be your allies instead of your enemies . 
  but look at labour and the lib-dems : they have no idea what 's going on , no idea what to offer , they lost the narrative to the telegraph , the sun and the daily mail . 
  while the rest of the uk does n't see that and try to reform , the snp will maintain sway over the scottish parliament , even when they eventually loose . 
  i 'll echo the / u/cynical _ response , the lib-dems in scotland are useless . 
  i 've seen them , they 're a bunch of st. andrew toffs who are a bit too hip to vote conservative . 
  not that the rest of the party is any better . 
  i 've seen a mp in budapest , saying to an audience that , yes , they lied about student fees . 
  and just being generally useless at establishing anything the party actually stands for . 
  you might think the snp might be selfish and divisive . 
  but honestly , there is nothing else to be in scotland . 
  what are you going do , support federalism ? 
  grand , because no one below the border is buying it . 
  support the current government ? 
  being a tory has been a swear word in scotland for 30 years and this government has done nothing to change that . 
  simply put , you 've put all your eggs into a basket which is not only generally empty , but the scots have no use for . 
  i have a perverse desire to see what they do after 2018 . 
  i 'm not asking this question from safety btw , i 'll likely be in hungary by 2020 . 
  i have no real idea , but considering that the countries who receive the least tend toward eurosceptic , while the most trend toward europhile , it might simply be that when the question `` where do we get funding ? '', 
  is asked , the eu comes up more often as an answer . 
  i actually think it has to do with the post-nokia startup enviroment and simply making decent proposals . 
  my current theory : he 's doing whatever he can to straddle the line between pushing the eu and keeping popularity . 
  end game is for the eu to activate article 7 and start the confrontation which he intends to ride to a hungarian exit . 
  then align with russia and serbia , and all commence the push for a `` redrawing of borders '' in the old 19th century style . 
  they already have a french presidential candidate giving that idea space to breathe . 
  i 'm sorry to say that from the outside , it 's not even looking like an `` if '' , but a `` when '' , for him winning the elections . 
  i 'm afraid for you guys , but we 're going all going to get through this , although maybe not in the next 20 years . 
  the sanctions did n't happen did it ? 
  because what was being sanctioned was not the party , but what they were planning to do . 
  and we did stop it for hungary , poland and now romania . 
  and damn if i do n't regret it . 
  this is n't a union of middle eastern `` democracies '' , and anyone who wants that can visit the freedom loving arab league or eurasian economic union who have no political regulation at all . 
  as for the migrant quotas , it 's still in court . 
  due process is being followed , even if the council decided to completely ignore the eu proper since schengen is outside of it . 
  or should we get rid of the ecj ? 
  is that too much over-regulation as well ? 
  edit : btw we did try to focus on stopping them at the eu borders . 
  dublin was enforced and there were proposals for a common border guard , since 2012 . 
  but both of those were considered `` over-regulation '' and ignored . 
  `` flexible solidarity '' was use where governments could out of the kindness of their hearts help greece ... and then the inevitable happened . 
   the issue came about because of the euro . 
  romania also had to borrow from the esm and signed up to the compact . 
  it came about as a result of huge budgetary expenditure to prop up a banking system on the verge of collapse , and the resulting economic shock . 
  any country who could n't borrow suffered . 
   actually , the eurozone crisis would have happened in the end whether or not the sub-prime crisis occurred . 
   this is one of the main reasons why the eu can not thrive . 
  it does not have self-correcting mechanisms . 
  the eu still can not admit that it screwed up with the currency . 
  this is of course scandalous , but it means that it will carry on repeating the same mistakes . 
  you have a country who 's people just voted for brexit because they feel that they have n't felt the economic recovery , and in fact have seen extensive cuts to services which they see as pressured by immigration and you think it 's the eu who is n't learning from it 's mistakes . 
  all the while the uk was proposing a financial union which would have made subsequent shocks even more systematic . 
  i think you 've drunk the koolaid on this one . 
  you 're , as usual , trying to hide the deficiencies which everyone one has felt during 2008 as a euro-specific problem through a very selective and narrow viewpoint . 
  you simply ca n't see beyond the europhobia to the root causes , imagining that what is esentially a fancy accounting unit somehow is at fault for the sort of economic and political difficulties you see in argentina and venezuela . 
  right , because europe is africa . 
  and what 's with the us election red herring ? 
  seriously . 
  civic nationalism , and the concept of democratic participation over-riding tribal division is why this continent , mostly , works . 
  to say `` it 's a pipe-dream '' is spit on our own concept of civilization . 
  the issue was not a currency issues , and i would have thought that the once largest borrower from the imf would be understanding of that . 
  it was a solvency issue once we integrated a sufficient amount of our financial systems . 
  south american style government bankruptcies were a distinct possibility and no longer an option . 
  the continuous difficulty in english-speakers to correctly identify it as a world problem after the massive bank bailouts following the american mortgage crisis is frustrating and outstanding . 
  this was never really about the eurozone . 
  and while everyone can say they are not answerable to the community , but to the interests of themselves and the household , that is simply not a good foundation to a functioning society both domestically and internationally . 
  this is why goverments have votes , because in the end something you loose for the sake of everyone winning . 
  admittedly we 've grown a tiny bit wiser to how that bit of common sense has vanished since then , seeing the latest council presidency election . 
  not every story ends like that .
