   plenty hungarians going out and back , just more romanians around . 
  if you 'd like , some of us can lend a hand . 
  you would n't happen to know any engineering jobs/internship going around in hungary ? 
  sorry for the rant . 
  but it 's something i feel quite strongly about . 
  i have some quite gruesome stories about abortions in a country where it was illegal and punishable . 
  my grandmother was a nurse . 
  the other side of the family gives me 11 uncles and aunts many of which had to work since grade school to keep the family going . 
  mistakes happen . 
  condoms fail , pill stops working , boyfriend leaves you last minute . 
  the horror stories are endless and varied , and then they get worse . 
  you have n't seen actual horror , until you 've seen the lives of unwanted children . 
  i remember news of an old woman who killed her two handicapped grandkids and herself because she felt sorry for her overworked daughter who had to put food on the table for them all , or the poor child who was used as an ashtray by their paid foster-parent . 
  and then there 's orphanages where people are forgotten , left to rot . 
  by the time they stop being babies to you , they become government statistics : malnutrition , poverty , crime . 
  the sad part is that in much of eastern europe , sexual education is a disaster . 
  not to mention that contraception is n't free . 
  if you 're poor and from the country side , the likelyhood of an unwanted pregnancy increases drastically . 
  so yes , abortion is a shitty patch for a shitty problem in a shitty world . 
  but it 's a failsafe from 60 years of difficulty and regret for both mother and child . 
  the mother can still have a happy family , when and with who she chooses to . 
  and calling it `` on-demand '' abortion is cheeky as all hell . 
  it 's not a roller-coster , it 's literally overriding your instincts as a human being because you have a sense of future and consequence . 
  wow , ok . you do you . 
  are you guys still stuck on the left-right dichotomy ? 
  are you going to tell me erdogan screaming nazi and jailing protestors is a leftist ? 
  or the russians calling ukrainians fascists ? 
  i think you need some more realism in your life . 
  you do n't get to care when it 's convenient and then turn your back when it is n't . 
  if you 're going to make a choice for a person , or judge him by his own , you 're going to have to carry the consequence of that to it 's natural conclusion . 
  that is n't the damn `` tu quoque '' fallacy , that 's basic human decency and fairness being asked from someone who 's showing a lack thereof . 
  if natalists spent more time making a world a better place for the unwanted , and orphanages less like garbage bins for human being , i 'd be more kind . 
  but as is , it 's personal attacks and moralizing . 
  and i can not stand the irresponsibility of that . 
  edit : honestly , do n't know why i bothered responding . 
  you see someone saying `` baby killers '' , and do n't blink . 
  but deign it worthy of response to correct me on a logical fallacy . 
  what is wrong with you ? 
   or is abortion treated just like headache ? 
  have you talked to expectant mothers ? 
  do you think they treat their pregnancies `` like a headache '' ? 
  people do n't need `` help '' feeling the pressure of the consequences of their decisions . 
  they 're not craving attention for what is a very personal and difficult point in their lives . 
  they need actual attention and help for those long 2 decades , way past the point where people usually stop caring , where they can genuinely screw up their own lives and those of their children . 
  lacking that , they need to be left the freedom to decide what 's best for themselves . 
  is that a cloud in the way , or can you actually walk from estonia to finland in winter ? 
  heh , honestly if i could leverage my desire for international vandalism into getting two poor lads stationed doing just that every day for the next hundred years , i would . 
  nothing would put a grin faster on my face , than the telegraph blaring on going to war over rockall , polls being done to see if britain would go to war over rockall , and the sheer absurdity of keeping it under guard in case someone damages it . 
  all for the sake of fish and some stone . 
  it would just encapsulate so much of what is wrong , in such a neat package . 
  i 'm afraid no parallel can be drawn . 
   because i would n't dare try to bring ideology into romanian politics . 
  there simply is n't any . 
  left , right , right , wrong are all irrelevant . 
  all that matters is who you know and what gains you votes . 
  far-right and far-left do n't seem to be able to survive even the torpid life they usually have in the west . 
  people vote for you on what they know you for , and what you 've done for them lately . 
  the new protest party has come ahead simply by being a new face with mild organizational skills and , again , no ideology . 
  honestly , i suspect we 're better for it . 
  every time i hear of it , all i can think is that a few shots of naval artillery done under the cover of mist on a cloudy day and any future problem goes away . 
  i make no pretense this is a good idea . 
  it just pulls at my imagination . 
  i honestly do n't know what happened . 
  i talk to hungarians and it 's not like romania 's youth is any different . 
  i was so sure we 'd be exactly where they are now , large far-right party , strong man in charge , talking about ethno-national glories and foreign conspiracies . 
  it did n't happen and i simply ca n't explain it . 
  i wish i could because then i 'd have something smart to say about what is happening , instead of thinking it 's a mirage that will disappear without warning . 
   they got rid of their dictators and managed to keep the country running without any major issues . 
  nope , we kept being run by the same people we were in 1980 under worse conditions . 
  now they all wanted bmw 's , so they started selling all state owned companies to foreign companies and pocketing the money . 
  for romania especially , we see the 1989 as a coup by internal security . 
  ceausescu was assassinated to prevent him naming names , the securitate archives were sealed and likely tampered with , and when protests against the new government started they made promises to the miner union to attack the protesters for them . 
  the next 10 years were run by mafias . 
  nothing worked , pensions were n't given , health risks spread , there were strikes after strikes culminating in the mineriads as the miners came back for their promises . 
  apparently it was worse in bulgaria because they had mafia wars in sofia , i remember grenades being used although it was some time ago . 
  i was sure that eventually we 'd end up with another dictator again . 
  the country simply was n't getting any better , and our politicians were all the same , no ideological differences . 
  we even have a theory that `` sattelite '' parties were being created to siphon votes and give the impression of political plurality . 
  so the only reason why we did n't end up in complete chaos like north africa is because the old guard kept running the country honestly , not because we did anything right . 
  and for a while , it felt like we were given the freedom to be ignored and die in a corner , while the old guard remained in charge . 
  grassroots revolutions are always disappointing . 
  unfortunately totalitarian regime allow for only those kinds of revolutions , since political participation is limited so no organization is competent or experienced enough to be able to manage the resulting chaos with the exception of the armed forces , and even they overestimate the equivalence of command of an army and governance of a country . 
  authoritarians have a nasty way of making you regret them dieing , by making sure they take the entire country down with them . 
  how about you go out and adopt one of those babies who 's mothers do n't have the time , money , or health to give them a life devoid of poverty and neglect . 
  it 's easy to blame others when you refuse to take any responsability yourself . 
  i was trying to imply that as of recently ( 90-00 ) we had the disappearance of power/strategy in inter-european politics . 
  it was an `` end of history '' moment where there we no real hegemonies or inter-state conflicts . 
  as we 're seeing a return of power , then i go on and say that as it returns it wo n't be as a union but as either subjects or hegemonic states , in the classic sphere of influence style . 
  edit : considering your position on the eu , i thought you would be pleased by the admission . 
  can i ask why that was ? 
  the thing you do with protests is ignore them until people get bored and no longer care . 
  that 's pretty much the only tactic you have as a government if the protestor 's do n't turn violent themselves and give you an excuse to act though without public backlash . 
  did you guys not have protests before then ? 
   there are paid protestors sent there by soros . 
  do you get paid per dog ? 
  how much ? 
  i want to know if i got good price . 
  i can only check romanian sources , and it was legalized in 1957 to put it in line with soviet policies , then made illegal again in 1966 together with all contraception methods . 
  it was legalized again in full in 1989 right after the revolution , ceausescu 's forced natalist policies being widely regarded as tragedies . 
  from the little i can see about the eastern block , we were the exception in having it banned .
