  something does n't add up here . 
  the issue is that we 're discussing two different things in this thread . 
  the vote in the image for an eu headquarters , and the larger path to a defensive alliance . 
  when we 're discussing a defensive alliance , instead of just the eu headquarters , we see a lot of different opinions . 
  but even then there 's a consensus that the us system of national armies is to be used to allow states to maintain a seperate command structure . 
   in case of an attack on an eu country , adhoc commands are more than enough . 
  heck , ww2 was fought this way . 
  you just have to agree upon procedure beforehand . 
  no , it does n't . 
  it seems like a good idea on paper but it 's a disaster in practice . 
  setting up a new command is a headache of paperwork , communication , compromise and personality clashes . 
  these take time to sort out and time is always the enemy . 
  combine this with the 27 parallel national commands getting involved , as well as the council sticking it 's nose in things and you have `` who is responsible for what '' clusterfuck . 
  i ca n't stress enough how important having a lot of things set up before a stress situation is . 
  and ww2 is not a great example . 
  it in fact showcases how one military regime can completely outflank an alliance . 
  where have i asked that ? 
  when has anyone asked that ? 
  here 's a bbc link on it : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-37359196 basically whenever eu member troops are on a joint mission , their activities to be coordinated from a single hq . 
  inside their own states they are under the full command of their respective armed forces . 
  that 's the very definition of the enchanced cooperation everyone wanted , is n't it ? 
   have an army that answers to 28 national governments with each 28 foreign policies . 
  we 've been largely following the us 's lead on every major issue for a long time . 
  whenever we do n't we 're left out in the cold . 
  we either have a single foreign policy , or we have none . 
  that 's the reality of it . 
  let 's approach things a different way . 
  we can both agree that if there ever was a eu army , the states should continue having their own armed forces right ? 
  it 's helps keep the balance of power . 
  and , at least in my opinion , the eu should never have the right to initiate a draft . 
  i consider that a nuclear option that should be reserved . 
  but , considering that , everyone who is part of the eu army should be a volunteer . 
  if they are volunteering for the eu , it 's not your troops . 
  your troops are at home , defending it . 
  it 's the eu volunteers that are seeing action . 
  should the netherlands have a final say in their deployment ? 
  i 'm somewhat at that stage as well . 
  i do n't really know what to say . 
  ahh , post truth-politics . 
  everything is up for negotiation , even the past . 
   in fact , i think he 's a closet federalist . 
  for a closet federalist he 's very keen on devolving powers to the esm and the eurogroup . 
  as well as critical of juncker acting on his political appointment instead of being a good little secretary . 
  he 's also very keen on bending the rules considering his intervention in the spain/portugal budget issue , a month after he pushed the commission to actualing fine them . 
  the man is two-faced swine . 
  so this did n't happen : http://index.hu/belfold/2016/10/28/russian_diplomats_exercised_with_hungarian_cop_killer_s_far-right_gang/ ? 
  which means that you 're in favor of nothing that commits you to anything . 
  which translate to : we like things how they are . 
  this decade has proven we 're not that lucky . 
  and it sort of hurts me to think of another crash on the russian people . 
  i kind of like them . 
  i just wish we could keep their government at a distance . 
   you know the story , `` we were sold '' , that thing is still alive . 
  and the rest of the east understands completely . 
  but if we do n't pull an intermarium now , it 's only a matter of time before we 're sold again . 
   trying the former lost it for us last time , and i do n't want to go down the latter path . 
  would be so easy though . 
  just say that all the money scotland is paying to trident will go to the nhs and then stick that on a bus . 
  or , i do n't know , point out that the uk is run by a party with 36 % of the popular vote and a prime minister which played musical chairs to get her position ... wait , that 's a sensible argument . 
  forget it . 
  trump 101 : just say random stuff and have people talk about what it means . 
  free advertising . 
  there 's always indyref 2 . 
  if the slovakia can get a country running as normal a few years after the biggest socio-economic crash of that century , do n't see why scotland ca n't . 
   i voted to stay in the uk and to leave the eu fwiw . 
  and i ca n't tell you just how below contempt that makes you to me . 
  i 've seen the ugly face of british nationalism , and the independence referendum did n't have any politicians murdered . 
  especially not by the winning side . 
  you 're the pawn of the end of democracy , and you 're blaming everyone else for it . 
  did n't you guys just have a bombing and another guy shooting at police , and both were found to have links to russian officials ? 
  touche . 
  oh please , and the new demagogues do n't do the same thing by presenting their view as irrefutable and absolute . 
  that they do n't insult their opponents . 
  as far as i 'm concerned the left and right are dead . 
  i 'm just seeing the natural evolution of echo-chamber politics , and you 're all alike to me . 
   to an extent , but not enough to replace the us the us has worldwide ambitions , which is extremely costly . 
  we do n't . 
  we just need to maintain security of our borders and everything around them . 
  we just need to outcompete the us in that very limited regional role . 
  something we 're not currently doing . 
   my argument would be that it is up to the countries to decide who they go to war with - it is their citizens who put their lives on the line . 
  but they do n't decide by unanimity either . 
  why does the eu have to have unanimity while member states can just ignore a part of the population ? 
   this is why i love the uk : representatives of the people directly decide whether we go to war . 
  not an unelected unaccountable body ( the commission or council or ecj ) . 
  this is amazing . 
  so according to you : the europarliament is unelected . 
  the commission head elected by europarliament like a primeminister is unelected , the council which is made of elected heads of goverment is unelected . 
  and the ecj is nothing like the uk supreme court . 
   and the british people decided that their needs were not being met by them . 
  i wonder how many countries would decide the same if given the vote ? 
  it was n't about brexit , and now you made it about brexit . 
  leave , go ahead , article 50 . 
  not going to stomach the present mess because a bunch of people ca n't stand to fix it . 
  i 'm so very glad you 're leaving . 
   which is kind of my point : they 're not answering these questions . 
  so the public need to start discussing them so that the right people have to answer . 
  currently they are saying `` trust us '' with no details , no plan , no guarantees that they wont oppress us with this new power . 
  nobody is saying that . 
   trust has to be earned .
