  parliament , actually has a significant position due to its ties with national party politics . 
  look how the epp and fidesz argument is advancing and you 'll understand . 
  but they are largely national again . 
  the bottom of the totem poll is the commission and the civil service . 
  seylmar is running the entire thing because epp gave juncker the nomination without any intent to govern , the migration commissioner which is greek found to his dissapointment he is not running a government but an advisory service , and just a year ago we had a eu worker commit suicide after he got demoted for pissing off a major country on highway rules . 
  not even elite in the very organization their serve , let alone in europe . 
  so there you have it . 
  there you have the `` faceless europe bureaucrats '' , they are the national leader 's and their cabinets and support teams . 
  one more month of campaigning . 
  this will only get worse . 
  next to the worn out hospital sign . 
  lovely ... 
   the european union can never be a democracy . 
  voters will always vote for their own ethnic or national self-interest , because that is smart . 
  there is no european demos , and that is why the state of ` european democracy ' is so dire . 
  it 's not a democracy , it 's a minority of people from various countries voting for what they think benefits them and their own country the most . 
   in a slight variation from the previous argument , every expansion of the european union 's acquis hurts me . 
  the more political power goes to the european union , the more money my own country - the netherlands , a net contributor state - has to pay in order to see the continuation of whatever political programs the european union comes up with . 
  mmy vote is worth , at most , as much as the vote of someone whose country stands to benefit from me being hit with another tax burden . 
  these two points sound like they come from some third-word african country . 
  voting for national/ethnic interest is smart ? 
  votes not being proportional to taxation is unfair ? 
  are you sure you 're on the right continent ? 
   no , what they see is old , worn-out cogs in the machine ( that they fancy themselves as being in charge of ) being replaced by new , fresh , slightly darker but eventually equally productive cogs . 
  and ending on a dog whistle . 
  because it 's the eu that controls immigration , not national states ... 
  it 's become farcical how our `` defenders '' represent the worst of us , and would be more at home in the countries they claim they 're trying to avoid us turning into . 
  `` let 's restore national borders , it 's just a quick show of id . 
  takes no time at all and i like having a stamp in my password . '', 
  - some idiot eurosceptic . 
  all `` return to national currencies '' getting high marks on economic growth ... ugh . 
  am i the only person who cares to `` remember '' the 1980s . 
  big recession , national currencies , prolonged pain , french blaming the german mark for uneven recovery , yada , yada . 
  maybe the people making these graphs can do themselves the favour of leaving the eurozone once in a while , and experiencing the real world for themselves . 
  to begin with . 
  the union is by default and design from the cold war , dominated by an ideology that runs counter to autocratic rule . 
  everything inside its charter of fundemental rights as well as the accession conditions require that , and all politics have to work within that scope . 
  call it ideological totalitarianism , but there 's a whole wide world of `` free states '' where you wo n't even have that scope because of the lack of rule of law or separation of powers . 
  these rules chain national leaders , but free the people . 
  and while the letter of the copenhagen criteria might be open to interpretation , the spirit of them is not . 
  they are meant to stop the spread of middle eastern style autocratic rule , the kind that has since spread to russia and turkey and coming ever westwards , through poland and hungary . 
  all good points . 
   yes , bureaucracy causes problems . 
  who gave them right to judge member states ? 
  i ca n't see what you 're jumping point from my post is with that , but i 'll bite . 
  the law gives the right of the institutions to judge . 
  governments like hungary are breaching the spirit of the copenhagen criteria which they joined under , and the only reason it got away with it is because article 7 is a political not legal decision , so resting in the council . 
  again , the council 's fear of giving up control , has meant no one has any control so the law is now ignored but it 's still there . 
  today 's hungary would not be able to join the eu . 
   pushing utopian agendas only alienate people and creates new enmity . 
  civilization is now utopian ? 
  perhaps we should return to what africa has remained under , petty geneticly-linked tribes and autocratic politicians . 
  military juntas and religious courts . 
  europe is a place constructed by utopians . 
  and as much conflict as that has caused , it was nothing in comparison to the misery and bloodsheed that rethoric like we 're seeing above has managed . 
  when or if the eu dissapears , hungary 's government could do the same to romania , slovakia , or austria . 
  it needs a scapegoat , and becoming it 's punching bags will only invite the enmity you talked about . 
  this really is n't all true is it ? 
  the ecb is also lowering interest rates into the negatives to force the money that already exists out and about in the economy . 
  a currency is n't a product btw . 
  the market `` determines the value '' in tandem with the issuer who has no responsability to consider the needs of those wishing to buy and store the currency , unlike a producer . 
  and after a hundred or so years of experimenting , we 've learned that stability with slight depreciation works best for everyone . 
  not `` whatever the market decides '' . 
  cheap euro also boost the tourism industry . 
  it 's lowering the cost of all services and products from the eu . 
  ofcourse a global scale , everyone gets a paycut , but the eurozone is big enough to be in semi-autarky regarding spending power , and as long as it remains at a 2 % - ish rate we wo n't see unpredictable price increases . 
  for many countries who 've had issues re-negotiating salaries , it 's a blessing . 
  for germany it 's actually a bit of a curse since people 's saving are being eaten into . 
   is it the anti eu poster or anti eu elites ? 
  i will echo other 's wondering what are you on about . 
  what eu elites ? 
  by objective standards orban has more power and wealth than anyone operating in the eu institutions . 
  in fact , as a member of the council he is one of the most powerful people in the eu . 
  does that make orban an eu elite ? 
  to be fair . 
  in a perfect world the eu would n't exist . 
  it 's the libertarian viewpoint on an international level : everyone should leave each other alone , no one need to be told what to do , so and so forth . 
  it 's a nice idea , if it was possible . 
  then there 's the people who always had a red vs blue mentality , and wanted to win or loose on the countries own strengths . 
  50 years under communism and some territory lost ? 
  well , you 'll get them back in the next 100 years . 
  there are people like that . 
   the eu puts a dent in that by enforcing the status quo , and removing the possibility of renewed national greatness . 
  the eu , like all rules and government is there because we 're horrible to each other even at the best of times , and the world by default is a pretty shitty place . 
  that 's not a nice pitch , but it 's the one that a lot of people need telling . 
  what does the eu have to do with greece ? 
  it was the member states that created the esm , it was the member state 's finance ministers that negotiated . 
  the moment juncker tried to talk to greece directly , this was was the finance minister of germany had to say :  during negotiations over a third bailout package for greece earlier this month , sch\u00e4uble cast doubt on the commission 's authority to take decisions and negotiate directly with athens . 
  ** he offered reminders that it is eurozone member states , as represented by their finance ministers in the eurogroup , who are greece 's actual creditors rather than the commission . 
  ** [ source ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/schauble-european-commission-power-eurogroup-juncker-dijsselbloem-grexit/ ) the greece issue is what happens when countries get rid of the eu middleman , not the fault of the eu . 
  strong win over the weak . 
  please stop spreading misinformation since it 's this way that nothing get 's solved as the guilty move the blame to someone else . 
   eu need reforms , brussels bureaucracy is not the whole eu , we are . 
  but it 's not brussels bureaucracy causing the problems . 
  it 's the member states . 
  the financial crisis , ukraine , migration ? 
  all of them were handled in council . 
  the thing that brussels bureaucracy actualy manages : single market , competition , cap , are all going fairly well so far . 
  hospitals ? 
  you do n't need hospitals !,
