  the problem here is the problem of all governments and especially democracies : if the experts warn , and the people do n't care , then politicians would do nothing . 
  no one ever got a medal for preventing a disaster from happening . 
  and the counter is that `` representatives are supposed to follow their constituencies wishes no matter their personal opinion '' . 
  i 've been down that road , learned not to go into politics . 
  atleast not as a politician . 
  i was actually also partially inspired by how russia has been making inroads in europe . 
  their diplomats go to what can be considered `` right wing '' events , gun shows , war memorabilia sales and find the right kind of people to serve as contacts for organizations such as jobbik in hungary . 
  so i was thinking less about `` propaganda '' like behaviour , despite the cold war proving it 's effectiveness , and a more corporate style . 
  sponsor events with the right people , create european scolarships and schools , poach promising talent for the diplomatic core , fly high ranking politicians to exotic locals , even fund `` europeanized '' local media productions . 
  you know , the shit companies do to get ahead in a market where `` who you know '' determines what gets done , and the brand you have is what opens doors . 
  do n't . 
  this is going great , and we do n't need anyone sobering up . 
  he apparently died while in the hospital , having been rushed off in december . 
  that 's why article says `` died while serving prison sentence '' , rather than giving a location . 
  `` i do n't need the union to negotiate my salary and work benefits . '', 
  `` i do n't need the trade group to talk to politicians . '', 
  `` i do n't need the party to run for election . '', 
  and now : `` i do n't need the political union to negotiate a trade deal . '', 
  no you do n't , but do n't be surprised at the results . 
  i 've just described a large scale variant of a multi-billion euro sector knows as : public relations . 
  everything i said is part of university curriculums : branding , networking , pull-factors . 
  you 've confused a lack of lateral thinking for a sort of simple-minded sobriety . 
  suit yourself . 
  france and uk , really . 
  the us was dragged into it , ironically . 
  and i say we , because france is one of us . 
  their failures become our problems , as we have seen . 
  someone asked me a damn question , and i tried to answer . 
  and what did you expect ? 
  `` average joe '' diplomatic relations 101 text book material ? 
  some safe-bet unimaginative `` i guess we can all get around a table and hash it out '' , or the polar opposite conservative `` flex our muscles '' routine ? 
  since when is having picked up a history book equated with playing video games ? 
  let 's not discuss assistance but interest . 
  did we know what and who the rebellion was ? 
  were there british , french or italian agents giving reports on what we were to expect ? 
  did we , in short , have a clue ? 
  evidence suggests that no one did . 
  we 've seen as much in syria as well . 
  we might have to accept a darker truth that not only are our hands tied in the surrounding region , but that we have no idea what is actually happening . 
  we 're playing international relations like a game of telephone . 
  i 've come to suspect as much from the saudi-iran proxy war , and their mutual bafflement at the european diplomats `` not getting it '' and talking about migration numbers like it was an issue they were supposed to care about . 
  well , there 's 3 questions in that really : 1 . 
  did we improve the situation by doing what we did ? 
  could we have done what we did better ? 
  was there something we could have done much earlier that could have given us better results ? 
  we ca n't rest all the blame on one single moment , when there are systematic faults to be found and fixed . 
  windows of opportunity missed . 
  and the end result is clearly complete failure , i hope that does n't deserve discussion . 
  arguing `` could have been worse '' is pointless , it can always be worse . 
  what 100 % did n't work is last-minute police actions through air bombings . 
  the country split into factions , violence spread to mali , the resulting instability lead to large migration which increases instability even more due to the nature of transient populations , economic impacts likely felt in the entire region , so on and so forth . 
  waste of time and money , nothing to show for it . 
  what can i , as a foreign individual , do to help call this rose by whatever name the polish government wants , and put the damn thing to rest already so they can focus on running the damn country ? 
  i wish i was smart enough to give something truly concrete and useful . 
  but , all i can offer is that we should engage in outright and unashamed cultural warfare , because it historically has worked . 
  it 's `` soft touch '' , for an age where we think gdp is a measure of power , but it 's what kept china 's tributary system working , what softened roman expansion , and what exploded from post-revolutionary france . 
  some could argue that it 's what russia is doing right now . 
  and with that cultural gravity draw in important figures , political and economic , inside european circles . 
  give the ones we like support , give the one 's we do n't like enough rope to hang themselves on , and just constantly have their ear . 
  be what versailles was to the french nobility , a prison from which they do n't want to escape . 
  this is n't happy families , this is geopolitics . 
  pragmatism takes precedence , and it 's as cold as steel to skin . 
  there 's plenty of media gagging to tell y' all how great things will be , find your consolation there . 
   you say ` we ' as if romania contributes to anything . 
  you got more to offer than derision and insults ? 
  flag got you triggered ? 
  can we please stop lending support to this `` punishment narrative '' . 
  the uk wanted to play the `` self-interest comes first '' game , and we 're playing it . 
  their attachment to the `` win-win '' delusion is theirs , not ours . 
  and likely a tactic to pad out their weak position . 
  this is an adversarial political culture , they know when they 're on the back foot . 
  how about : not our problem . 
  the economic well being of the uk is no longer in our purview . 
  it 's their country , they can run it in the gutter and we have no duty to pull them back . 
  not bending backwards for idiots is not some strange form of punishment we all invented . 
  deal with it . 
  that being said , you 've been posting a self-post on this topic nearly every day now . 
  i think you 're trying to make it a thing . 
  it 's not going to be a thing . 
  we are not the uk 's parents . 
  but then we have libya , and look how badly that went . 
  the italians are pretty much alone cleaning it up . 
  while i appreciate french military command , their foreign policy is to much `` have hammer , see nails '' . 
  we need something more clever to bind the countries of the mare nostrum to us and keep them ticking . 
  well that 's the thing , you either defend the border in the balkans , or you defend them next door after every transit country moved them your way , since it 's not like serbia or turkey were in schengen . . 
  either way you 're defending the border , so what kind of person says : i prefer that we take care of this problem at the very last minute and as close to our homes as possible ,, 
  you really did n't pay attention to what merkel was doing in 2012 were you ? 
  she does n't have `` views '' , she has polls . 
  here 's a clue of how to see merkel : she 's like orban , except for germans . 
  tell me , what do you think you 're getting voting for the cdu ? 
  pretty sure , they were satisfied with an email containing my lease copy . 
  be sure to carry proof of address as well . 
  got asked for it last time . 
  alexandru ioan cuza was forced to resign because he did n't give the nobility everything they wanted , and actually tried to do what was best for the people . 
  so they slandered him , ran him out of the country , and replaced him with a tame german prince . 
  probably the only good man to lead romania , well , maybe until now . 
   why do you assume that a left coalition would somehow ruin our economy ? 
  i 'm not even german and i do n't get what he 's babbling about . 
  the hartz reforms that helped propel germany out of `` sick man of europe '' status to economic beast , and which merkel has been living off the past decade happened under an spd/gr \u00fcne coalition . 
  same in new zealand .
