  plenty of people are `` men of their time '' , that 's not a hard thing to be . 
  does n't make them good men , might not even make them great men . 
  i think it 's a bit more insidious than that . 
  like next time they catch russian teams preparing to start a gunfight to manipulate elections in a neighboring country , they stay out of it . 
  arbitrary distinction at this point . 
  turco-tatar umbrella term is used . 
   there are plenty of others , for example mihai viteazu . 
  the man who tied peasants to their land and masters ? 
   i think you are being far to denigrative to your countries history and its characters . 
  i 'm denigrating nothing , i 'm being true to it , its variety and its depth . 
  fairy tales might be nice to put children to sleep . 
  but romanian history carries a lesson at every turn , puts into perspective a culture that borrows from every corner of the continent , and holds advice that will serve us well into the future . 
   not sure why you complain about what he said ? 
  vlad dracula really was going hard with remove kebab thing , up to the point that mothers in ottoman empire were scaring their disobedient kids with his name . 
  and he had the same effect on the transylvanian saxons . 
  the man burned churches to the ground . 
  he did what ever it took to keep ahead of a very dangerous game . 
  while other countries might allow their national myths to fall neatly into the `` defenders of a united christendom '' myth , romania 's history and that of the principality 's are a rolling account of realpolitik , betrayals , few victories and even fewer heroes . 
  the only true good man to enter romanian politics was alexandru ioan-cuza , and he was run out of power due to being too naive . 
   and i dont want to look either anti-islam or misogynist but i do n't think the lady is really up for the job , seeing as she was under the tutelage of both dragnea and nicusor constantin . 
  she will be anyway merely a puppet of dragnea , not a real prime-minister . 
  on this i agree as well as everything after it . 
  but that was n't the message of the original poster . 
  and i wo n't allow our history to be turned into a cartoon special of mythical tropes , one-note characters and self-serving narratives like our neighbors . 
   vlad tepes is rolling in his grave . 
  you have no fucking clue what you 're talking about , so please abstain from using his name . 
  he , and every voivod before and after him , had to fear from local boyars , the ottomans , and the hungarians in equal measure . 
  his fights were romania 's cruel historical realities in a nutshell , a savage attempt to steer a ship determined to kill its captain through stormy seas . 
  take the remove kebab edgelord non-sense somewhere else . 
  did n't know that . 
  i 'd also bring up that pre-eu a lot of romanians went to turkey to start businesses . 
  istanbul is surprisingly welcoming because of it . 
  but yeah , erdogan is really souring everything . 
  still , we have to plan beyond him . 
  he 's not going to last forever , and those little deals might be sufficient to remind his successor where the goodwill and money is . 
  even erdogan can not be stupid enough to not realize the world of hurt he opened up . 
  if fact , this might be the best time to do the opposite and get the rest of the non-russian black sea states to hammer out a new cooperation agreement . 
  it 's entirely in our benefit to do so . 
  sooner or latter we 're going to need to sort the transnistria issue , sooner or latter turkey 's canal is going to become an issue , and sooner or later we 'll need to expand our economic interest toward georgia , that 's a metric ton of influence we need to get hold of and its not going to happen on it 's own . 
  i 'm always ambivalent about turkey . 
  from a geopolitical point of view it is incredibly important to us . 
  the black sea , both in terms of trade and security depends immensely on the status of turkey . 
  and romania would benefit immensely from increased trade between europe and the caucuses and the levant . 
  i 'm very much on the side of politically outliving erdogan and tieing turkey back into the european system . 
  balkan highway , a new nabucco pipeline , joint black sea fleet and air force , the whole lot . 
  there 's a long way to go , but the reward is moving the center of economic activity in europe our way . 
  i do n't know what it is , but that chunk out of karelia makes me irrationally angry . 
  you 've got to give it to them . 
  it 's prize winning trolling . 
  thinking about it , this , the deal with udmr plus jonannis sort of makes romania collectively bulletproof * on all sides of the political and identitarian spectrum on a public relations level . 
  if we avoid political infighting , which is impossible , and focus everything on external actors we can bismark the hell out of the balkans . 
  * except accusations of russophobia . 
  but honestly , i 'd say that 's a point in our favour . 
  not our biggest minority by far , but we 're not exactly hungary . 
  weird confluence of empires , migration , and cultural mimicry has given romania a very eclectic mix of damn near everything . 
   this is how a progressive and multicultural society works  pfff , quit it . 
  i swear , it 's due to pure contrarianism on our part . 
  same feeling , waiting for the other shoe to drop . 
  maybe they 're being smart , knowing they only managed to get into parliament on apathy , and plan on keeping a low profile on the national level . 
  so , protests in the future on the smallest fuck-up should keep them in check . 
  they 've even negotiation a colaboration deal with the udmr despite not overtly needing to , which takes playing confrontation games with orban off the table . 
  i do n't know what they 're playing at , but it 's either topsy-turvy 4d go , or they 're walking on a minefield and are n't sure how far they can get if they go all out . 
  on the other hand , her cv suggest a modicum of competence . 
  they are clearly going in for the long con , with the main strategy to look out for is dragnea attempting to end his legal issues and replace her . 
  we can all work with that . 
  if the cvm removal can be prevented for long enough , then they 'll be too busy with things like the future budget deficit to cause too much harm . 
  well , maybe . 
  could have also used departments in the french style . 
  i thought about it , but decided that trying to draw parallels with other administrative forms from other countries is a loosing battle , it 's never going to quite fit . 
  best to just give go generic hoping people default to the right definition of `` administrative region '' , and add a note to make sure . 
  edit : would have been a lot more careful if there was ever a mention of the development regions in the text though . 
  you 're talking about liviu dragnea . 
  it seems they backed off from proposing him and proposed someone few would have a problem with . 
  cv from / u/schadenschokolade on / r/romania :  sevil shhaideh , 50 years old , graduated from the academy of economic sciences , college of economic planning and cybernetics . 
  in 1995 and 2001 , she gained the specializations : expert in public administration and manager for american ngo usaid , and in 2003 received the title of auditor after a course with the tuv institution , according to her cv published on the site of the ministry of development  during the period 1987-1991 she was employed as it analyst for the trust for mechanizing agriculture constanta , and in 1991 until 1993 was a manager for it systems at the directorate for work and social protection in the constanta administrative region . 
  previously , 1993-2007 , sevil shhaideh was director for it systems in the regional council constanta , and in 2007-2012 lead the general project directorate in constanta , having as main responsabilities coordinating and managing projects using european funding . 
  meanwhile , she occupied the post of coordinator of the national union of regional councils of romania , during liviu dragnea 's presidency of the regional council teleorman . 
  among the main activities and responsibilities were elaborating legislative amendments regarding normative acts which governs local public administration . 
  she has also been the president of the national association of it specialists in public administration  in 2012 , immediately after the liviu dragnea 's selection for leadership of the minister of regional development and public administration , sevil shhaideh was picked as state secretary for that ministry . 
   according to the last declaration of wealth , 6 may 2015 , sevil shhaideh has a 47 square meter apartment bought in 1994 , and several accounts opened in 2007 and 2011 , with a total wealth of aprox . 
  110 000 euro . 
   in these declarations is also mentioned a loan of 20 000 euro given by her husband , akram shhaideh , to bachir chhide and recovered in 2014 . 
  as well as a debt of aprox . 
  13 000 euro taken in 2012 and due for 2017 . 
   her income during the preceding year exceeded aprox . 
  66 000 euro , of which 12 477 euro represents her salary from the ministry of development , and 54 836.29 euro her takings as member of the inter-ministry committee of finances , securities and insurance at eximbank sa . 
   her husband has obtained an annual income of 10 212.43 euro as an employee of the autonomous regional authority for roads and bridges constanta and 182.84 euro as councilor in the ministry of agriculture and regional development . 
   according to the declarations of interests , she owns stock in coremar and sc rosyr , with a total value of 22 euro . 
   sevil shhadeih was married in 2001 , with liviu dragnea and nicusor constatinescu , leader of the regional council constanta , attending . 
  liviu dragnea having known her for 15 years . 
  notes : - fuss over liviu dragne being her godfather redacted over being tabloid journalism - all money sums expressed from lei to euro for ease of understanding - all instances of the word `` regional '' used as replacement for the main administrative subdivision `` judet '' . 
  actually if the author did take into account the 1800s and 1900s he 'd have tweaked to the fact that it was dominated by large world-spanning empires , last of which dominates half a continent and shows no signs of slowing down . 
  as someone from the balkans , `` fragmentation was the key to success '' is wonderfully absurd . 
  isle of man is pretty much proof how dull and out-of-touch this sort of taxonomy is . 
  so much sovereignty !, 
   the migrant crisis is a german/eu failure . 
  well , is it german or is it eu ? 
  it 's either a member state failure or a eu failure , you ca n't have it both ways . 
  and member states took back control of schengen from eu institutions in 2012 , and have n't moved an inch on making asylum/border policy a eu preprogative . 
  source : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-18444255 again , blaming the eu for its member 's leaders being collectively incompetent while monopolizing power in themselves .
