  and the fact that consumers have poor standards making product characteristics not match their needs is an issue that planed obsolescence is not at fault for . 
  still , something as simple as buying a 50 euro drill for a weekend job instead of splurging on a 250 euro drill that will last a useless lifetime does benefit the consumer . 
  c ) mass production and lower production do n't mix well . 
  we 're lowering set-up costs for production every decade or so , but there are still fairly sizable limits to how small a batch you can make and be worth the money . 
  the smaller the batch , the more expensive the individual product , making an small market even smaller . 
  that scheme is `` marketing '' . 
  and it 's the thing that convinced everyone to buy the needless shit that causes the needless waste . 
  it 's done wonders for employment and technical innovation tough , for all it 's ills . 
  edit : to be clear planned obsolescence , when it does n't involve outright lieing to the consumer over product lifetime , is an industrial side effect caused by our manufacturing methods . 
  there 's actually a few good reasons for planned obsolescence : a ) lower lifetimes involve cheaper materials and manufacture , translating to lower cost for the consumer . 
  why buy an professional grade tool if you 're only going to use it 10-20 times in a lifetime anyway ? 
  b ) it also fits into development cycles . 
  if you 're working putting a better version of the product in 5 years , and the customer is willing to buy the improvement , why bother trying to extend the product lifetime ? 
  when you 're dealing with `` cutting edge '' , product lifetime is a handycap . 
  c ) a product that you can flood the market with in a few batches , then have to wait many years until it 's worth manufacturing a new batch might not be worth the cost manufacturing at all . 
  might as well add in a lifetime limit so you can keep the factory running at a regular basis , as the market wants replacements . 
  d ) any product that can outlive it 's designers and builders is in danger of being the last of it 's kind . 
  you can actually loose the knowledge and ability to make something if you have n't produced it in a while . 
  the modern example i know is the b52 stratofortress which ended production in 1962 and would require an massive effort to produce again . 
  pretty much hunting down plans for every component , every screw , and every machine that produced that component as well over several now defunct companies and archival documents . 
  i 'm actually very supportive of this move , but i also know that planned obsolescence is n't really a conspiracy against the public , or a capitalist error as much as a limitation of running mass-production techniques . 
  it 's a very low effort post , but just for your information the idea of a `` jupiterian '' presidency actually puts the president at a distance from daily affairs rather than at the center of them , and it 's been speculated as to how long macron can keep such a detachment . 
  while the wording sound grandiose and larger-than-life , in practice it 's actually a less active central authority . 
  this is true for pretty much every country , since the clergy , the army , the aristocracy and every section of society associated with socio-conservatism and authoritarian control were backing monarchical rule . 
  the first exception in europe , as far as i know is germany , where bismark co-opted it , and set the stage for ethno-nationalism as we know it . 
  do n't you think the idea is a bit , i do n't know , toadying ? 
  or are we invited to our own national appreciation threads if we spam you enough with complaints ? 
  so , we 're down to anything less than sycophantic praise is anti-british , good to know . 
  do they need anyone on the fence ? 
  they need their base support loyal , and it buys this stuff , and everyone else just needs not to vote , and considering the lack of alternatives wo n't . 
  social engineering . 
  apparently that 's ok when it 's the `` right '' people doing it . 
  i 'm sorry , but you keep offering off the cuff opinion and thin-air numbers , but i 'd like to see you know , some sources . 
  and you have not treated this as a theory , you 've treated this in the classical adversarial debate fashion : this is my position and i 'll argue it come what may . 
  i do not have a horse in this race , but i think you and the `` it 's the christmasses '' argumentarians are trying to patch up a fault using loose argumentation without significant foundation , while treating it as fact . 
  you 're free to do so , your country , but that 's not to your credit . 
   there 's also the fact that britain is more reliant on its consumer sector than most other advanced economies , and so experiences a greater post-christmas slowdown . 
  is it ? 
  is consumer spending actually effected significantly compared to q2 ? 
  is it that dependent on that spending ? 
  is that dependency unique in europe ? 
  all sort of questions sort of handwaved away . 
   until someone can point me to another explanation , that 's more convincing , i 'm going to stick with the one that makes most sense . 
  why do you think that britain always grows slowly in q1 ? 
  how about `` i do n't know '' , instead of engaging in loose , unthinking rationalization ? 
  you guys have a `` man down at the pub '' problem . 
  whether it is literally a bloke with a pint , on a bus or plastered as a headline with randomly capitalized words , you 're eager to parrot a story without actually taking the time to consider : maybe this is complete bullshit . 
  edit : also , just figured , are n't gdp figures supposed to be seasonally adjusted ? 
  so how can you argue for traditional seasonal variation ? 
  how much do you want to bet that plenty of countries show similar patterns and nobody bothered to check if the uk is actually an outlier ? 
  it sounds good , but that does n't make it `` have logical sense '' . 
  you can try patch up the holes with `` we commercialize christmas more '' but i can tell you , you do n't , and that 's only the begining of the pitfalls of this `` truthism '' . 
  has it occurred to you that there 's a lack of critical thinking in uk public debate and instead `` gut feeling '' and `` sounds right '' buzzwords have replaced meaningful points and reasoning ? 
  besides anecdotally ? 
  just for my own information , has this sudden phase of `` blame christmas '' come with a bunch of sourced facts to support it ? 
  nope , pretty much only thing that matters because it is the only thing that confers partners family rights . 
  church marriage for the sake of the imaginary friend is the delusion . 
   er , no , the german electorate are the reason , they voted her in knowing what her views are . 
  please keep that brand of stupid off the continent . 
  cdu does n't have an outright majority , in fact putting public opinion the other way as it and csu are the only parties against it , and gay marriage was n't the only policy the cdu had to get them elected . 
  not only that but according to polls , which apparently have replaced argumentation in britain , same-sex marriage gets a firm majority approval . 
   despite being beloved by many pro-eu liberals , ms merkel has conservative views towards marriage . 
  because she 's a conservative !, 
  fuck me if the telegraph is n't a rag . 
  yes , but if it 's performing less comparatively to everyone else , is it really the same ? 
  you can say , if you want , that q1 is usually the slower quarter of the year , but can you say with confidence that it 's always been `` worst in eu '' slow ? 
  ok , fair enough . 
  but what does that have to do with it 's position relative to the rest of europe ? 
  to be fair , the leo launches have been largely a success , to the point of being the main commercial provider for it . 
  galileo for example is going just fine , if slowly . 
  only the last big 2 have been failures , or as the optimists call them `` learning experiences '' . 
  i admit , not enough pressure is being put to undo the mistakes that allow them to happen , but since the mistakes are likely a result of juste-retour and the intergovernmental nature of esa , i do n't think it will get very far . 
  we 're a union banded together to negotiate from a stronger position and get our way . 
  and we 're the nice and soft guys world wide . 
  everyone else is going to have the uk over a barrel if this is rattling them . 
  and exactly how much skin off our nose is being called `` undemocratic monster '' from an outside party do you think ? 
  the uk is not a voting member and we 're not the `` save the uk '' charity . 
  the link does n't work , but i figured from it you 're talking about `` we are legion , we are bob '' . 
  will be sure to give it a try , thanks . 
  thanks for the suggestion . 
  i think it 's very hard to not view europe through a critical lens for european scifi authors , either united or as individual states . 
  the most common representations by far are variations on dystopia . 
  we 've actually starting to see chinese scifi with a semi-sinocentric outlook of the future , so we 're clearly extremely odd culturally . 
  although i ca n't tell exactly where , or if it will ever change . 
  i imagine on a national-level it 's hard to take any future country seriously as anything else but blessedly irrelevant at best , and as a united force we 're too damn scared to even humour it 's existence in fiction . 
  tfw not even sf lit thinks we 're worth a damn . 
  * to be fair we get a few pages in pandora 's star referencing a euro federation kicking american ass tech-wise before they invent wormholes . 
  and a romanian is the main villain of the left behind series . 
  but that 's about it , we 're the collective red-headed stepchild of the sci/fant world . 
  you do realize we actually want to join , but we 're angling for a better set of circumstances before we live up to emu conditions , right ? 
  we 've been engages in a [ soft follow ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romania_and_the_euro#status ) of emu conditions for years . 
   i 'm not seeing a gamble here . 
  nothing is agreed until everything is agreed , especially with the u-turning cabinet . 
   yes - we allow all countries to have there own opinion and do n't force our ideology down anyone 's throat + we treat all our allies as equals . 
  you 've fallen for the classic european mistake of confusing irrelevance and lack of ambition for benevolence and moral upright attitude . 
  you 're largely powerless , but where you have any power ( which is pretty much only in the eu ) you 've used it poorly . 
  you 've also , word for word , used the classic description of the commonwealth of independent states . 
  which i feel poland should probably join if it feels like that . 
  it is a good teaching chamber for what `` independence '' in the world means . 
  do n't forget then created a natural marine protected area to make sure they never will manage to come back , as revealed by the us diplomatic leaks .
