  why when it can start them at any time ? 
  it has used the northern ireland situation to ask for negotiations . 
  again , why when it can start them any time ? 
  why is the uk government refusing to start negotiations , and instead bringing up volatile situation ? 
  why does n't it accept what is essentially it 's own policy to separation ? 
  why does not follow the popular will which is asking for a quick beginning of separation ? 
  these are not questions to ask europeans , we are still waiting for negotiations to officially start . 
  we want to solve these situations as quicky as possible , and there is already a legally set out avenue for doing so . 
  so why not start ? 
  as i said bellow . 
  we did n't skip , we went through every stage , just faster . 
  this is self-assuring lie that has to give if the west is going to play catch-up . 
  partially . 
  apparently the government funded a lot of intercity wire laying as `` jobs for the boys '' projects . 
  apparently they did a decent enough job that the bit of corruption did n't go to waste . 
  oh , i know . 
  try convincing the sovereingtists . 
  they think they can turn back time to ... god knows when . 
  we 're going to turn into another weak union , weak , divided , and gobbled up . 
  no illusions there , as far as i 'm concerned for my country it 's just a continuation of the historical norm . 
  it might come as a novelty to westerners . 
  milton friedman 's world would be nice to live in . 
  but we do n't live in it . 
  anybody who was on the receiving end of `` shock therapy '' would know , something friedman inspired . 
  predatory pricing is a thing . 
  monopoly is a thing . 
  people prefer jobs over welfare , and contrary to popular belief technology is n't going to save us in that regards . 
  anybody who studies history can tell you , getting out of the second industrial revolution with just 2 world wars and ending in consumerism was a lucky break , could have been much worse . 
  too many unemployed , to much production capacity , and an apparent malthusian problem incoming . 
  until the green revolution , malthusian crisis was a valid worry . 
  we live in a geopolitical world , not an economic world . 
  friendman 's god of efficiency does n't apply completely . 
  we 're competing for strategic advantage in technology , we 're trying to corner high tech industries and the jobs they create before anybody else does.china is turning australia into a resource base through careful investment . 
  russia is restructuring its economy to be more sanction-proof in the future . 
  china is flooding steel , saudi arabia is flooding oil , all to eliminate competition and maintain a decisive price setting advantage . 
  we 're safeguarding strategic food resources . 
  and funnily enough , the one country with no agricultural protectionism , new zealand , has fontera in complete control of the government 's agricultural policy . 
  the free trade of the modern world is a chess board where we bend the rules to get ahead , it is n't fair one bit . 
  the issue , as far as i understand and correct me if i 'm wrong , is that most western countries are having issues with `` shovel ready '' project . 
  meaning bang-for-buck they 're having a hard time finding things to build which are n't just throwing money into a pit . 
  eastern europe has plenty of those . 
  and the cheaper land costs allows for more materials to be bought , and more projects to be started , and has a more net-positive effect on the continental economy . 
  i know the idea affronts the sensibility of `` start from home '' development , but it 's low-lieing fruit that can help everyone giving the holistic effect on shipping and energy distribution through the union . 
  i really dislike the plate spinners that allow these kind of deals to be made . 
  they make the voting public feel ignored , while not letting them realize the consequences of their actions . 
  they reinforce the goverment 's opinion it can do whatever without repercussion , knowing it can make a deal later . 
  it turn the entire institutional system of the eu into asterisk soup and creates byzantine system . 
  all for the sake of `` peaceful compromise '' , ignoring the domino it just placed . 
  the danish public should have been listened to , and denmark allowed to explain to them what was going to happen , the fact that denmark was now a european safe-haven for criminals , it 's removal from schengen , and so on . 
  same with the swiss . 
  instead we 're just feeding a sleeping monster . 
  on cheap eastern land , using southern companies , german materials , and local contractors . 
  and that infrastructure will feed back into german logistic network , those workers will buy german goods . 
  the pork can be cut so there 's enough for everyone . 
  the important part is that money flows inside the regional economy , jobs are made , industries are kept up and running . 
  take your time , and do your research . 
  happy families are all the same , but unhappy ones are all different . 
  there 's many ways to mismanage an economy , overcontrol or undercontrol . 
  hong kong fulfills a niche , adequate for it 's size and geopgrahy , do n't rest your entire argument on it . 
  the important part is trade , there is no `` free '' , that bit is a marketing gimmick . 
  check the doha negotiation at the wto and learn all about how modern `` free '' trade is done . 
  there 's a reason why there 's only two major airplane manufacturers , and it 's not `` laissez faire '' . 
  there 's a reason china is pricing out local industries and it 's not `` fair competition '' . 
  there 's a reason the plaza agreements were forced on japan , and it was n't `` let the free market decide '' mentality . 
  in this age of `` end of history '' a lot of people have forgotten so much of what the world is , and how it 's run . 
  no wonder multinationals are having a field day , the gap between rich and poor is rising , and we have a resurgent russian autocrat riding the horse of post-truth information distribution , while `` illiberal democracy '' is peddled in the open by those who do n't see a future election that they wo n't win . 
  it 's truly the age of innocence . 
  to begin with , with the cohesion funds in place , the transfer union is a reality . 
  one who 's currently functioning at 1 % of member state gdp but in existence nonetheless . 
  but when it comes to a more unitary economic policy across the continent , euro-barometer polling shows wide support . 
  and there is no reason why projects ca n't be handled top-down from a eu perspective , rather than disbursed to member states to do as they please . 
  in fact , that 's how it currently works , with the eu supplying partial funding on demand rather than , as you say , part of the national budget . 
  there is a way to create a new deal for the whole of europe , and spur the economic engine . 
  we have eastern infrastructure to build , continental power integration to develop , it systems to improve . 
  but the current national-budget centric development prevents the money going where the potential exists , and cross-country projects are filled with difficulties from inter-member negotiations like baltic rail . 
  i suggest we look into establishing continental level plans , instead of national plans , and going from there . 
  we already are a single fiscal unit , our economies are already interlinked . 
  we need a single finance minister to coordinate the disparate system , a single long term plan to put forward . 
  to not manage it as such is idiocy . 
   and there is simply zero societal support for such a mechanism on the european level . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  why should they feel comfortable discussing it ? 
  these people have entire departments of staffers and advisers aiming to get them re-elected . 
  if they 're not discussing it , maybe it 's because they actually thought it over instead of taking advice from `` global.handelsblatt.com '' . 
  depicting politicians as `` mindless ideologues '' serves the narrative of the few , but we all know that the political enviroment does n't reward that , it rewards pragmatic opportunism . 
  and if the entire political spectrum with a chance of reaching government is united on a message , that 's a clear sign that no one sees benefit . 
  the only people who seem keen on the message you 're suggesting should be considered , are the fringe elements you warn about . 
  the same elements which would gain from the main parties failing in their jobs and supporting an idiotic policy . 
  does n't that say it all ? 
  so no , perhaps a better argument is that it simply is n't a valid idea . 
  argentina and venezuela are n't seeing amazing results from having their own currency to fix structural issues , and historically that has always been the case . 
  it 's time to stop being polite and tell people who argue for dissolution that they 're ideas deserve the same level of consideration as climate change denies . 
  time to hurt feelings . 
   interestingly , it is incredibly difficult to be a mainstream politician in most of the eurozone to even contemplate the end of the euro . 
  this is of course very unhealthy from a purely democratic view . 
  perhaps because it 's akin to shooting yourself in the foot . 
  or maybe less hyperbolic , junking your car because it 's having problems instead of taking it to the mechanic . 
  i think something we 've forgotten in politics is saying that just because an idea is floating around , does n't mean it 's valid . 
  and pandering to bad ideas as if they have some hidden merit , only gives them legitimacy despite their predictably shambolic results . 
  we do n't need that .
