  any sensible person will tell you to exchange scottish notes for english ones before you go travelling anywhere . 
   , they have ` scottish pounds ' and whatnot , even though it 's the same currency/value same currency value , unless you try to exchage to overseas . 
  when you will be given a worse exchange rate if they accept them at all . 
   so technically england the country is not the sole issuer , ** as an example of a currency union that works . 
  ** this is hilarious . 
  a euro can be spent in either portugal or finland with no problem , a regional pound is a crapshot the moment you leave the issuing locality . 
  btw , there are no seperate mints . 
  the scottish mint was dismantled after union , despite it being protected in the acts of union 1707 . 
  all bank notes in the uk are made by a private company , de la rue . 
  then , to add insult to injury , the actual management of it is insane . 
  until 2009 banks were n't actually required to back their private pounds , which is what they are , with anything . 
  so if they went bust the notes would have been worthless . 
  now they actually have to hold boe note reserves to back up their issuing of their own currency , as if they each were a different corporate country . 
  currency union that works , pull the other one , it has bells on . 
   fucking love orban that 's the spirit , elvt\u00e1rsam !, 
  * bad attempts at hungarian always open to correction . 
  is the question not asked why the independence party are so adamant against holding a referendum if it so clearly will go their way ? 
  does it not seem strange at all ? 
  my point was that the guardian was doing something that was atypical to it 's left wing image , so what the guardian `` hate '' does n't seem to have an impact in what they publish . 
  in other words , the only bias british newspaper have is towards their pay-masters . 
  at no point did i mention or imply anything about russia , that is all you mate . 
  interesting to see such a strong reaction . 
  they 're running the same talking points as the spectator and telegraph , using a new labour apologist as a mouthpiece , sourcing his own last-minute report for a right-wing neo-conservative think tank as evidence . 
  conclude from that what you will . 
  then tell me , because i ca n't figure out what 's in it for them . 
  well , to be honest it 's not like they 'll vote yes to join . 
  it 's weirder that the independence party resist having it , rather than getting over with it and having their way . 
  edit : also , i believe this is just a referendum and continuing negotiations , not actually joining . 
  let 's be honest now that the noise is draining , the opt-outs are paper fictions , there is no real advantage to the eurozone to add more members . 
  it dilutes the governance pool in the ecb , puts more seats in the eurogroup council , and adds another risk factor to the public perception . 
  overall , no one is in any real hurry to add new members , with good reason . 
  i honestly do n't get it . 
  are they scared people will say yes ? 
  thanks , but as stuart ramsay said , it 's not about us . 
  it all points to an organized hit job on the european arrest warrant , we 're just a convenient scapegoat . 
  you know , when i read `` most europeans do n't support '' i admit that 's exactly what i assume is meant . 
  but now that you mention it , i was indeed wrong to believe that when saying that , people actually meant everyone on the continent , not just the uk . 
  i keep forgetting how british communication works , and assuming what is said is what is meant . 
  my bad . 
  they even have a friendsofadamescu twitter account going . 
  first tweet : them hiring robert amsterdam 's firm . 
  yup , it seems they have found the country where you can buy truth , justice , and subsequently freedom for the right price . 
  bright spot : that place is no longer romania . 
  and they do this , while being largely ineffective in everything they do , despite claiming that all power and decision derives from them . 
  every meeting , they are actually given a `` pre-drafted '' sheet for what they decide on . 
  every meeting they complain about how long they take . 
  and they only meet about 5 days a year , as you said behind closed doors , in what are glorified lunches . 
  they 're are the worst !, 
  in all my years i never thought i would see this , but here it is . 
  you 're arguing that , in romania , the corruption fight is working too eficiently , that we should let people who might run or influence witnesses do whatever before their trial , and that we should n't try to use witness evidence in white collar crimes . 
  and all of this in defence of a multimillionare living in london , who `` might '' ( hah ! ), 
  have been giving bribes . 
  take me now , i 've seen it all . 
  i 've read through all the articles . 
  it 's definitely fake . 
  all signs point to several conservative groups with an agenda to campaign against the eaw trying to paint a different story . 
  doubt it . 
  i think it 's adamescu using money , his connections , and british media gullibility to win a `` get out of jail '' card . 
  edit : answer : british europhobes have picked him up as their would be victim to push an agenda . 
  this is starting to become a trend in the anglo-media , trying to paint the hard won non-partisan corruption battle as some sort of autocratic conspiracy , despite the party most hit by it already being in power . 
  i have no idea why , or who is paying for it . 
  but we 'll likely be seeing more attacks for the sake of an unknown agenda . 
  edit : this started in december with pro-psd articles appearing . 
  and this recent spat are apparently centered around the current investigation of alexandru adamescu , a romanian millionaire living in london . 
  edit2 : incredibly enough , the guardian is referencing the henry jackson society , a right-wing think tank linked to breibart . 
  personal opinion : adamescu made some friends while in london , and he 's calling favours in . 
  ** addendum : david clarke , the author of the article , [ actually wrote the report himself . 
  ] ( http://henryjacksonsociety.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/romania-paper.pdf ) , 6 days ago . 
  the entire thing is a damned scam . 
  ** edit3 : going through older articles , apparently adamescu has aligned himself with europhobes with an agenda against the european arrest warrant . 
  he has since received repeated painfully flattering stories in the telegraph , the daily mail and the spectator edit4 : and the source is : robert amsterdam , amadescu 's new lawyer . 
  who has a history in being a media fluffer for his clients . 
  the initial telegraph article started after the distribution of his [ press release ] ( https://robertamsterdam.com/victim-of-romanian-political-persecution-alexander-adamescu-retains-lawyer-robert-amsterdam/ ) . 
   stupid , ignorant ... to those who do n't get why this is the case , as you repatriate the supply chain prices rise . 
  as prices rise you have to find ways to compensate for this , to maintain orders and employment . 
  so you lower salaries , which hurts your domestic market . 
  but if everyone does it , then everyone is trying to maximise their footprint in their domestic market with trade barriers . 
  which means now your potential external customer base is getting smaller , and either you accept that you ca n't compete worldwide and your industry collapses or you start subsidizing your industries through the state budget . 
  in the end you 're loosing money just to keep the industries going , without letting the public feel the squeeze you are in . 
  and you just became either britain in 1970s , or the any of the communist countries during their long decline . 
  for future reference , in this brave new world being created . 
   there is now a recipe for constitutional capture being followed in one state after another :  1 . 
  first people lose faith in the system ;  2 . 
  then they vote to break the system by electing populist autocrats who trash the pre-existing constitution with cleverly crafted legalistic blueprints borrowed from other ` successful ' autocrats , a pattern that led prof cooley to speak of a new `` league of authoritarian gentlemen '' ;  3 . 
  to remain popular while doing so , these autocrats engage in benefit giveaways while shutting down the democratic opposition and all opposition-friendly ( or for that matter truth-friendly ) news outlets while they also bully ngos and any independent-minded civil servants , judges , lawyers academics and military officers still remaining ;  4 . 
  they then change the election law , the electorate ( by pushing the opposition out of the country ) or both ;  5 . 
  when people eventually wake up to the damage done , it is too late because their constitutional system has been captured and no constitutional avenue remains to challenge the government any longer ;  6 . 
  in the unlikely situation where resistance emerges from the parliament , biased referenda can always be organised to confirm the will of the leader under the guise of the will of ` the people ' ;  7 . 
  having sealed the space against dissenting voices and rewritten electoral regulations , autocrats can then expect to get the votes they need to win subsequent elections without much effort . 
  in this way , the rotation of power from one party to another becomes a feature of the past . 
  only thing that comes to mind was the implementation of the national minimum wage . 
  fair interpretation . 
   reading comprehension fail ? 
  i qualified the statement with `` the only state that has been given a referendum '' as expected , polls and public opinion on the eu on the continent of course can not possibly matter , because it might undermine your point . 
  does the fact that every new member , except the very pro-eu romania , had a referendum to join the organization matter ? 
  does the fact that even the most eurosceptic parties on the continent can only promise a referendum on the euro , not the eu itself , not matter ? 
  does the fact that 2 of the 4 constituent countries in the uk voted remain matter ? 
  does anything matter if it does n't play into your narrative ? 
   murdoch 's control over the uk media is overstated , the vast majority of the media in the uk were behind remain , including some of murdoch 's own papers ( e.g. 
  the times ) [ really ?
