  and you bought it because your pre-conceived notions feed to you by a lazy media were affirmed by the very people you should have been suspicious of affirming it . 
   `` chyna '' is there a reason you spelled it like that ? 
   why do n't we develop skylon cause it 's been 10 years away from completion for the last 30 years and going nowhere ? 
   europe with its structures and bureaucracies will never be able to compete with the likes of spacex . 
  private does n't mean better . 
  there is no magic around private that ramps up efficiencies . 
  anybody who has worked in a major company knows that the bureaucracy does n't get any easier . 
  private + public money , like spacex , and efficiencies go out the window as the profit making part of the company sees a cow to be milked . 
   we need a quantum leap , and a reusable ssto spaceplane would be it . 
  not really . 
  you know why ? 
  because the stresses involved in getting into orbit are huge and re-usability is a very good way of setting yourself up for hundreds of unknowns as components fail due to stress . 
  my suggestion ? 
  get interested in space cannons . 
  that 's far more possible and energy efficient than , i swear it sounds ludicrous even thinking it , flying laterally into space on a plane . 
  yes and no . 
  just because of a reliance is there , does n't mean that a supranational entity needs to be created . 
  as i posted somewhere else , the interconnected monetary systems of europe were dominated by the bundesbank pre-1990s , and germany was doing fine during it . 
  without a supranational system , the biggest member controls the rest that way the same america does with the various world economic systems in place . 
  the eu and the euro actually harms german hegemony since it puts the levers of decision making away from itself through a separate institution . 
  america has been suspicious of this happening to itself for a long time and has refused to sign into any deal or organization that it is not a deciding member of . 
  i 'm sorry but every one of those points is already done . 
  you can point at any of those those 10 points , minus the last one , and i can dive in and retrieve an example of it already being in practice . 
  enforce dublin ? 
  have a list of safe countries ? 
  do biometric scans on external borders ? 
  make eu development and visa policy based on migration policy ? 
  there is literally nothing for anyone to work with here . 
  half of them are already done by the eu , and i can actually tell you their point of failure in design , the other half are done by france , germany , italy and the uk and i can tell you why they do n't work anymore . 
   so let 's distribute everyone is a plan but this is not ? 
  - there are some aspects which are not part of schenge . 
  how about this : http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34324319 is it a plan ? 
  ok , let me walk you through this . 
  how do you think the west managed migrants up to now ? 
  there were wars , there was povert , drought , disease , famine , and so on . 
  they payed , through the nose . 
  humanitarian aid became bribes to petty tyrants , and they kept the wall . 
  they returned economic migrants to those people , they processed a select number of asylum seekers from there occasionally , they returned them to payed off third countries , and when the danger was over they moved to kick people out . 
  the the arab spring came and now , news flash : there is no one we can pay . 
  so no , it 's not a plan . 
  merkel has been going up and down the african continent convincing people we can pay their money to hold people in . 
  [ and we 're actually having great difficulty getting the member states to pay ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/section/development-policy/news/member-states-fail-to-back-emergency-trust-fund-for-africa/ ) . 
  and not just for africa , but for the [ turkey deal as well ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/section/development-policy/news/member-states-fail-to-back-emergency-trust-fund-for-africa/ ) . 
  orban is basically getting ideas from the 1990s-2000s and telling them as if the world has n't changed since then . 
  he 's not proposing who to make deals with because he likely knows that there 's no one there at best , and at worst he might actually have to back some disgusting dictator or another . 
  and while merkel , who i do not like i assure you , [ tours africa ] ( https://www.euractiv.com/section/development-policy/news/merkels-africa-visit-provokes-mixed-reaction/ ) to actuall get orban 's `` brand spanking brilliant '' 1990s rip-off idea off the ground , he builds another fence as if asylum status is something people ca n't request once they reach the borders because he bets on something else : no one knows what the fuck is happening . 
   possible . 
  so what is the difference in your opinion ? 
  not difference but standard . 
  i read defense whitepapers and go to ir meetings for fun , and eastern europe comes off the worst in it besides some fairly spot on opinions on russia . 
  otherwise , not every government release is a `` plan '' , and not every soundbite is an `` opinion '' , and eastern europe is completely incapable of anything but being pro- or against - whatever the west comes up with . 
   by schengen 2.0 i meant this : http://abouthungary.hu/news-in-brief/here-it-is-hungarys-10-point-action-plan-for-the-management-of-the-migration-crisis/ - you can not really say v4 had no plan . 
  i know what you 're talking about , and yes , yes i can . 
  that is not a plan . 
  that is a summery of the agreements around schengen + mentioning no redistribution . 
  it 's a piece of shit , in other words . 
  a complete recap of everything up to now . 
  nothing new , no actual ideas , just `` let 's keep doing what we 've been doing '' . 
   it was a bit more though : nope , all of that is `` pay another european country to deal with the problem '' . 
   i respectfully disagree - it 's just that opinion is usually ignored . 
  i think you have a lower bar of what a plan or an opinion is . 
  country , not country , whatever . 
  if you 're going to insist to be treated like a loose trading group , people will treat you like one and completely ignore you because who gives a shit about a loose trading group . 
  it 's the 1980 's . 
  an economic slowdown caused several european governments to devalue their currencies to try to stay competative . 
  france by now is alone in retaining expansionary fiscal and monetary policies . 
  it 's may 1981 , mitterand becomes president and starts a series of devaluation ending in march 1983 which will see the frank loose 30 % of its value . 
  angering the french , the german 's refuse to lower interest rates and inflate to support the frank . 
  capital flight starts , and germany becomes the economic and political center of w. europe . 
  the bundesbank becomes the de-facto central bank of the western continent as all economies readjust to match policies . 
  in france it 's clear what is happening `` we may have the atomic bomb , but the germans have the deutsche mark '' . 
  it 's 1989 , the french have the eec council presidency and the berlin wall is falling . 
  the posibility of german re-unification is brought up . 
  with this the opportunity to create the emu and set the course for the ecb is created : the germans gave up control of their own currency and dominance of the continent for reunification , france apparently won . 
  it 's 6 september 2011 . 
  the swiss franc is considered a stable , and unchanging currency , but it 's exports have been falling as investors sought safety in it . 
  the swiss national bank shocked investors by declaring `` the value of the franc is a threat to the economy '' , and instituted a cap and unlimited desire to buy foreign currency . 
  a reality has dawned : central banks are perfectly able to devalue as they damn please to protect exports . 
  it 's july 2017 , and / u/joeflux despite the grand history of currencies shifting and german dominance through exports , decides to ignore all that in favour of a borrowed blog-based buzzword understanding of what is happening and claim the economist is `` not mentioning the effect of the euro '' currency , as if that is relevant to anything at all . 
  this was a very short history of : `` it 's not the currency , stupid . '', 
   maybe you should read a bit before going to absolutes . 
  v4 had a proposal in sept 2015 then it was schengen 2.0 and more recently it was czech proposal on effective solidarity . 
  schengen 2.0 is the current system . 
  schengen 2.0 is basically doing everything we are doing now but super-magically better . 
  schengen 2.0 is just schengen , rebranded for idiots . 
  and `` effective solidarity '' is paying greece to be a refugee camp . 
  i specifically said `` not paying greece to hold them '' , i did . 
  neither of those , btw , solve the refugee crisis . 
  reference back to the other post were i mentioned how the east is `` mentally unprepared '' to have a position on actual solutions . 
  doing everything `` super better '' , is not solving the large migration stream we 're dealing with by plugging transit countries , securing return location , and stabilizing push factors . 
   we talk a lot of v4 being populist - fine . 
  but there is much less talk on how a convenient target v4 is for western politicians - `` yes , refugee crisis will be solved if v4 would do their fair part '' - type of messages . 
  i have repeatedly mentioned merkel is a populist . 
  honestly , i am agreeing with you here . 
  i wo n't defend people who helped create the 2015 crisis through negligence , but whataboutism is not an argument . 
   v4 was n't really making any noise between 2012 and 2015 , i do n't know what you mean . 
  exactly . 
  v4 had absolutely nothing to say about the increasing migration numbers . 
  v4 ca n't actually have an opinion on anything outside their tiny little world . 
  and it 's not alone in europe .
