  there is no easy answer to such a question and there will never be . 
  easy does n't mean it does n't exist . 
  there are plenty of governments worldwide , but in europe we managed to get the formula closer to right than most . 
  and that 's a fact that 's hard to dispute . 
  the road to establishing proper governance is long , winding and not always clear . 
  we flirted with enlightened dictatorships for nearly a hundred years before shrugging it off in the fires of war . 
  we tried one-party states and china and singapore succeeded while we failed . 
  this is where we are , and even if we do n't quite know how we got here , we have plenty of broken and twisted examples before us that we can check for lesson . 
  all of them say damn near the exact same thing : never put power in one point . 
  when a bear and a wolf fight , you do n't go picking sides on who gets to eat you . 
  just because i criticize putin , does n't make the many proto-putins he put into the ground on his way to the top any less ambitious and opportunistic or the oligarchs he moved out of the way . 
  he 's too much of a westerner i think , he aims to high in his discourse . 
  that 's why the east is inevitably needed in the eu , despite the many idiots , we 're more able to see the meat and bones of the issue . 
  all we need to ask is : what if we were greece ? 
  ( which in my position we 're damn close to being ), 
  you do n't elect judges , you do n't elect generals , you do n't elect the bureaucracy and you do n't elect your ambassadors . 
  and you definetly do n't elect any sort of major , unquestioned power , like a king . 
  that 's because it 's 2017 and we 've added a bunch of bells and whistles on `` democracy '' since it was first thought up so we do n't have occasional minor renditions of the terror . 
  same way we can have socialism and not end up like soviet russia , it 's all in the details . 
  is it not enough to express skepticism of the intentions and actions of those in power , without being taken to question over doing the work of a legal team and several years of political experience in a single reddit post ? 
  you do n't need to be a cook to tell rotten food . 
  you do n't need to be a policeman to notice a crime . 
  and you do n't need to be capable of running for office against pis to say they 're full of shit . 
  and erdogan was right to undo the control of the deep state of the military . 
  the problem was not the actions in themselves , the problem was the men doing them and their reasons . 
  they were not so much correcting a problem , as eliminating competition with an added bonus in pr . 
  both were praised in the west for stabilizing their countries , in the grand tradition of all authoritarians . 
  if you take into account the french support for the maratha empire it also includes india . 
  it apparently involved both [ sub-saharan africa and south america ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_army_during_the_napoleonic_wars#south_africa_and_the_plate ) . 
  the problem is not the refugees themselves . 
  the problem is processing and filtering the migrant stream , which is damn difficult and resource intensive when outright impossible due to the difficult of return . 
  so the numbers germany and sweden take do n't actually matter , in fact many argue that they only help convince the economic migrants of a land of milk and honey beyond the border countries . 
  if we could all do the filtration and seperation effectively we could talk to the abstainers from a moral high-horse of trying to protect the genuinely in need . 
  the issue is that there are a lot not in need which are getting through or just fucking about and that is being used against the pro-quota people to undermine their argument . 
  italy and greece can not be left alone to process and hold the stream , not just for their own sake but for the sake of the argument of the integration refugee policy and sharing of the burden . 
  fix that and the rest will follow . 
  fairly minor admittedly . 
  invasions of mauritus and java . 
  democracy is n't the divine will of god personified . 
  governments have to operate within bounds , however good the intentions or large the democratic mandate . 
  the current government in poland has gone to great lengths to eliminate those bounds and claim that it 's doing it for the people . 
  they always do it `` for the people '' . 
  if you count the napoleonic one as a world war , which you debatably can , we 're still under the current record . 
  there are no refugee policies on the eu level , pro or otherwise . 
  that 's the problem . 
  germany did n't even really have an initial pro-refugee policy . 
  check the news articles in 2011 when migrants were caught sneaking out of italy [ forcing temporary borders between it france . 
  ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/8d963a4c-7422-11e0-b788-00144feabdc0?mhq5j=e1 ) and the [ resulting recriminations ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/8472417/france-and-italy-to-propose-european-border-reform.html ) following that . 
  germany did n't give a shit , no one gave a shit . 
  and how is germany to blame for acts resulting from american and french invasions , as well as the irano-saudi proxy war , or the food price instability that lead to the arab spring . 
  this sovereignty narrative is bullshit . 
  the truth is that there are countries which are keeping the border , and countries who everyone wants to move to , and countries which are neither of the above . 
  italy and greece have to spend money to protect german and swedish borders and the eastern countries think this is not their problem but think that russia or their own poverty ca n't be argued in the same manner . 
  it 's a confederation of hypocrites . 
  unfortunately it 's the same words used for putin and russian oligarchs in 2003 , and erdogan and the turkish generals in 2008 . 
  something has to change , this person seems willing to do it , let 's trust them and see where it goes . 
  crack the constitutional court . 
  make the minister of justice the national public prosecutor . 
  create an volunteer army to fight domestic threats under the minister of defense . 
  now starting [ `` rallies of truth '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-bureaucratic_revolution ) to undermine all non-party elements left . 
  wonder how they 'll finally unveil their creation . 
  a surprise fire , a failed coup ? 
  so many options . 
  italy has had to deal with a migration issue for the past decade , way before the left and the right made it their cause . 
  it 's fairly interested in making sure it 's not left on the front lines alone again , and that means making everyone feel the pinch . 
  i do n't think it much cares how it achieves it . 
  i do n't think this does a very good job of explaining it . 
  we already do have the same rules in the form of eu regulations , which unlike directives have a direct and automatic impact on everyone in the eu . 
  and a federation does not mean everyone has the same rules period , a unitary state does . 
  and actually there 's been increasing resistance to a multi-speed europe , not less , because the current lagging member states are afraid of being left in the shadow of the core in the wake of a backlash to exceptions/compromise positions , while integration has remained stable at pretty scant support since 2009 . 
  and even if that support was n't dwindling we already have a europe of different membership levels : eu and eea . 
  it 's just that , like i said , whinging eu members dread going into eea status and being in the backseat . 
  i respect the attempt , but it 's the usual not-quite getting it that you often see from descriptions from across the sea or channel . 
  funnily enough , there are people like [ that ] ( http://imperium-europa.org/the_idea/home.asp ) . 
  we live on a weird little continent . 
  i 'd genuinely would like to see them and the europhobes fight . 
  the world looses nothing , and the rest of us get a good show . 
  i 'm going to downvote you . 
  this is n't done meanly , it 's just that there 's something we have to understand in europe and people like you are n't helping : we all fucked up . 
  merkel and everyone else ignored warning from italy and greece since at least 2011 that the refugee number were growing . 
  as they kept growing merkel and the others did nothing , while repeated the dublin agreement mantra and taking control of schegen away from the eu . 
  when it all went to shit in 2015 , merkel was in control of a receiving country denied by it 's own courts and human rights law from sending people back to hungary and greece , so merkel found another popular way to place immigrants away from germany . 
  the same way orban found his popular way of using the migration after germany promised to actually do something , and the same way italy found a way by letting them pass through because nobody was helping . 
  we are still far away from something that resembles an actual plan , and merkel contrary to people like you is tightening asylum laws in germany and making deals with african countries to send them back which is not exactly a solution and far too late , but something other than what you think is happening . 
  this is what is happening , what is really happening . 
  it 's trying to draw parallels to american traditions , like the pledge of allegiance , the mention of god , the flag waving and the millitarism . 
  because apparently europe is america and not europe . 
  i admit though , seeing soldiers with eu emblems standing in front of our grouped flags brought a smile to my face . 
  [ have a read ] ( http://graduateinstitute.ch/files/live/sites/iheid/files/sites/ctei/shared/ctei/baldwin/publications/chapters/european%20integration/eastern_enlarg_eu_eer95.pdf )  the eu 's economic interest in an eastern enlargementis probably quite minor . 
  i know of no systematic evaluations of the welfare effects of an eastern enlargement , however studies of nafta 's impact on mexico and the us ( see francois and shiells , 1992 ) allow some tentative analysis-by-analogy . 
  when an economically small region integrates with an economically large region , both gain but the small region gains much more.moreover , when a low-wage/low - productivity region and a high-wage / high-productivity region integrate , most of the large region 's gains come from cheaper imports of labour intense goods such as clothes and shoes . 
  this suggests that the aggregate economic gains to the eu incumbents are likely to be small and may cause problems ( see neven , 1994 ; rollo and smith , 19931 ) of a low politics nature . 
  [ here ] ( http://graduateinstitute.ch/files/live/sites/iheid/files/sites/ctei/shared/ctei/baldwin/publications/chapters/european%20integration/eastern_enlarg_eu_eer95.pdf ), 
  oh , i was expecting them to do it in the open and be very smug about it as well . 
  but i also know a thing or two of what america has to gain from this , and it 's best if we smile gently and let it all go where it 's going to go . 
  seriously , shut up , step back and get some popcorn . 
  this is one of those moment where not saying a thing pays dividends . 
  whatever , keep being told by snake-oil salesmen it 's the currency . 
  pay no attention to the industrial and technical deficiencies behind the curtain . 
  no skin off my nose honestly , got my own country to worry about .
