  no , there wo n't . 
  when the second bank of america fell it took nearly a century and a lot of work to revive the idea of a central bank in the us . 
  and that was more a result of ignorance and propaganda than reason . 
  if projects fail instead of being reform , we might never see them again . 
  there is no promise of rising from the ashes , just the ashes . 
  both governments have similar issues , and are in danger of loosing voting rights . 
  hungary less so because the bulk of their abuses happened in 2011 when the eu dropped the ball and failed to act , and poland more recently in 2016 . 
  both involved changes to the judiciary that reduced independence . 
  if they allow the romanian government to be sanctioned , they both might be next . 
  so they 'll likely veto any motion . 
  westphalian sovereignty has exactly zero to do with how the perticular state functions , and everything to do with the international communities recognition of a non-intervention policy . 
  if you support the principle of legal sovereignty , then it does n't matter what the state is or does , you accept that the fictional construct of the state has authority in its borders real or not . 
  it 's a geopolitical form of politeness in other words . 
  of course , those of us who know that sovereignty is a legal fiction do n't need to undergo extensive mental gymnastic you 've shown to excuse a breach of it . 
  but we also recognize the international community is oiled by these legal fictions , and keeping up appearances is important . 
  you 're , i imagine , arguing from the point of view of rights already sold . 
  those might become lost causes until copyright expiration , but honestly no reason to keep the system as is . 
  more films and shows will be produced , and those better expect wider distribution rights . 
  even so , ignoring that steam provides market statistics and optimal pricing , any digital distribution platform beats physical distribution when it comes to overheads . 
  having physical distribution be cheaper on consumer end is odd . 
  it sort of does , it 's a negotiating party . 
  its interest is to get maximum sales on its platform . 
  question is how publishers figure box production + transport + shelf space ends up a cheaper alternative to digital distribution . 
  i 'd argue that 's a sign of something broken . 
  apparently not for season 4 . 
  it apparently has been trying to buy all of it back from the distributors it sold it to in the first place . 
  whatever deal they made with canal + i do n't think they 've benefited enough to justify continuing the practice . 
  source : http://www.lemonde.fr/actualite-medias/article/2016/03/03/house-of-cards-passe-de-canal-a-netflix_4876232_3236.html, 
  probably because i 've never actually bought a game from a store . 
  but honestly that makes zero market sense from the steam side , unless publishers gave steam a `` minimum pricing '' obligation , in deference to physical distribution owners . 
  as far as steam is concerned , those local stores are competitors to undercut , again 1 euro going through steam is better than 1.20 euro going to a competitor , and steam has lower logistic costs . 
  you 'd be horribly , horribly wrong . 
  the steam business model is based on hitting maximum market saturation through price flexibility , in the form of seasonal and event sales . 
  this is because a person buying a game for 1 euro is better than not buying one at all , so it charges a `` convenience tax '' for all new and popular releases , and then over time the price goes down until it hits all possible consumers , at all price ranges . 
  and that 's how digital market distribution works , why geo-blocking is not your friend , and why modern media publishing is having an existential spasm . 
  edit : it 's actually likely to increase the probability of sales , since it makes acceptable price brackets hold more people . 
  so instead of having people divided in 27 countries , each not getting a sale because they 're too small a demographic , they have one large bucket of people waiting for it to hit that price to buy , and one sale event hits them all predictably . 
  edit2 : just for full disclosure . 
  the initial price will be higher , since before it gets to the lower price ranges in eastern europe , it has to maximize revenue from `` premium shoppers '' , largely from the west . 
  so what you 'll likely see is a wider price spread overall , from highest to lowest , starting with high prices by ee standards at the beginning , and extremely low prices by we standards at the end . 
  i do n't know how seasonal sales will be affected , it seems to be a volumes game , so it might be cheaper . 
   i 'm not sure of the legal specifics , but i do n't know why netflix would n't negotiate a license deal for the entire eu vs individual countries . 
  long term business relationships . 
  basically , imagine if netflix tried to license a disney movie for the whole of the eu . 
  one of two things will happen : either disney has already made deals with german and italian publishers , in which case netflix can buy all of the eu , minus the german and italian market , which defeats the entire point and leaves netflix geo-blocking again . 
  or , disney already has agreements , official or not , with publishers to do business with them , so disney refuses since netflix is new in town while those publishers have a stranglehold on their respective markets and will maximize their own regional profit and send a share to disney , leaving netflix to poach rights wherever they can . 
   well sure netflix could make everything free in every country . 
  that would cost like three times as much , and people would n't like that . 
  why would it cost three times at much , mind you ? 
   i 'm sure netflix agrees with you . 
  so what now ? 
  it 's not netflix that is the problem . 
  netflix is actually on his side . 
  you 've just described an ensuing debate in the eu , linked to digital media rights . 
  there 's been severe push back from the council , national government and their national industries , with the excuse that the fragmentation allows small national produced media a space to grow . 
  which is pure undisputed bullshit , when you consider that the local distribution system means each production gets a very limited release and so a small audience to start off with . 
  thankfully their man on the inside , oetinger , has been removed . 
  but you need to find out where your national government stands on this , they 're the ones who 's vote counts . . [ see more here ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/copyright-fight-club-eu-regulation-european-commission/ ), 
  same question was asked during the bush years . 
  pandering atlanticism is a stubborn stain on the european collective psyche . 
  yes and no . 
  i 'd say depends on the network and transmission method . 
  an enclosed network with secured insulated cabling , you might be fine as long as you know what 's happening in the area . 
  internet connection at any point or airwave broadcast ? 
  i was actually surprised that they give presidents phones . 
  i 'd have figured they 'd give it to a staff member as a security buffer , but apparently not . 
  heh , blaming me personally for libya ? 
  really ? 
  or is it my country ? 
  i did n't know romania held such influence over the world . 
  here 's the thing . 
  i 'm meddlesome , it 's part of the package . 
  and when i say things like `` we should get involved '' , i might be wrong , but i 'm consistent . 
  so calling me a hypocrite , mr. `` sovereign states '' , when you loose your shit because you do n't control what the libyan government does , is fucking rich . 
  your ideology is useless when the knife hits the bone , and your sense of control as fragile as fine china , and i do n't pity you one bit . 
  the country is in a state of civil war , not anarchy . 
  and it has no responsibility to place resources at minimizing your inconvenience , the migrant issue is your problem from their point of view . 
  like all sovereigntists , you do a complete 180 when you 're faced with tragedy of the commons and spill over effects . 
  so the moment you 're inconvenienced , a country stops having a state , being sovereign , and so deserves ignoring . 
  despite westphalian sovereignty being a direct response to aggressive foreign involvement during a civil war . 
  do n't you just live a neat little clear cut world . 
  wait , have n't i seen you talk about the eu needing to respect countries sovereignty ? 
  potential security flaw . 
  i do n't know anything about potential issues with cisco voip , but as a rule of thumb , it 's best not to keep networked devices near sensitive areas . 
  reuters is honestly an anglo-media echo chamber . 
  it publishes what is trending , not what is happening . 
  euwatch.eu - basically a twitter feed collecting relevant tags . 
  gives some decent niche results , politico.eu - it 's a gossip paper that sells articles . 
  but it 's a good gossip paper and the sponsored content is well demarcated . 
  i 've honestly gained respect for their approach and for their weekly playbook by ryan heath . 
  turn off adblock , it 's only good for as long as it does n't become : euractiv.com - very meh . 
  especially anything written by james crisp . 
  not that clear on sponsored content . 
  i 'd suggest you avoid it most of the time . 
  completely agree . 
  corruption of any sort should be a federal crime eu wide . 
  for that , a strong and independent prosecution office is needed though . 
  the eppo would be the foundation on which rule of law in the eu is built . 
   corruption as an european law ? 
  you have the veto of the spanish government guaranteed ( they wo n't shot themselves in the foot ) .
