   a defense treaty is nothing compared to a unified army . 
  nato is not just a defence treaty , a lot of integration happens around it . 
  in romania officer selection now requires knowledge of english and we 're a stop-off point for troops and injuries from the middle east so we get quite a bit of day-to-day cross over . 
  you 're right though . 
  it 's nothing compared to actually having equipment that works instead of buying second hand junk because it 's all you can afford even at 2 % . 
   this is such a cop out answer , science problems do n't compare in any shape to organization and logistical issues . 
  you 're basically saying `` we 'll figure it out . '', 
  it was a cop-out question . 
  and you 're right , they do n't compare at all . 
  we 've been running different types of armed forces for millennia and have perfected the required structure to a degree surpassed only by the americans . 
  we can have joint officer academies , a combined chief 's of staff and , a command system based on the swiss military , and so on by the end of the year . 
  by comparison , splitting the atom could have been an impossible task . 
   hey man we can all express our concerns . 
  perfectly right , but understand if i think that these concerns have gained more weight by their popularity than by their realism . 
   i just question the ethnic and language barriers . 
  ethnic and language barriers ? 
  we all operate in nato , and that 's standardized english . 
  how do you think we operate in iraq and afghanistan ? 
  this has become a bit of a ` red herring ' argument . 
  we 're all navel gazing on this `` problem '' while buying american equipment , following american policy , cooperating with american inteligence , and even stuffing ourselves with american media . 
  whatever these barriers between us really are , america apparently has no problem overcoming them . 
   what 's the common language ? 
  english ? 
  after the uk leaves ? 
  who are the commanders ? 
  who gets to train the soldiers ? 
  etc etc. 
  how do you enforce military spending . 
  we 've got buildings full of generals , diplomats , and bureaucrats payed to think such things out . 
  where there was a will , atoms were split , and this is simple nitpickery in comparison . 
  give these people a mission to iron out a functioning shape , and they will . 
   i 'm rooting for a unified european army , i just have doubts . 
  i think you need to work on some better doubts . 
   which is why a unified european army even ignoring the huge language and ethnic barriers is a pipe dream . 
  you 're , as has become the norm , mistakenly judging the values of integration from the mistakes of current intergovernmentalist negotiations , making those asking for reform responsible for the failures of the status quo which they themselves want to change . 
  the us has a successful system for setting development standards and it works , despite the multitude of environments , needs , and inter-service rivalry between army , navy and airforce . 
  there is fighting for which way to go design wise , as well as how the parts should be made and where , but in the end things get done because everyone agrees to stick together , even when they sometime loose . 
  in europe all of these issues get turned into national causes as france , germany and so on stick to their points and do not accept getting outvoted . 
  unanimity turned into paralysis followed by 4 different planes nobody buys because of the expense in producing them seperatly . 
  and this is why we need a unified european army , and we need people like you to wake up to the real reasons for the failures of the present instead of bashing reformists with them . 
  `` the present system sucks , so nothing else could possibly work '' does n't even make sense , let alone act as an argument . 
  / u/szkwarek is right . 
  democracy and what can best be described as european legalism , or whatever you call the seperation of powers , judicial and bureaucratic independence and rule of law traditions , are not part and package . 
  we need to distinguish these now that majoratist autocracies like russia , turkey , hungary and poland have developed . 
  we 're seeing `` democracy '' being used as `` divine right of kings '' in societies in which popular manipulation by the elite has become the norm . 
  nothing i 've read suggested this . 
  germany in fact operated a system of national economy and welfare , as well as a competitive research sector supported by a functional patent system together with well educated labour force . 
  by the time the law came into place krupp , basf and bayer already were giants in their respective markets . 
  can you offer any reference here ? 
  the greatest gift the eu has ever given scandinavia is the illusion that without it , they 'd all be one happy cooperative union . 
  [ this despite all recent evidence to the contrary . 
  ] ( https://euobserver.com/nordic/133128 ) and it 's cute , it shows the good the eu can do . 
  although , it becomes a bit annoying how you all view as the rest of europe as lesser beings in comparison . 
  does the law of jante not apply to foreigners ? 
   i meant the region in and around modern romania in that gap before the latin-speaking peoples ( re - ? 
  ) appeared there claiming to be romans . 
  well we do n't know if they ever disappeared , let alone re-appeared . 
  there is a written record gap , but the gap is n't just for the territory of romania , that gap covers the entire eastern roman empire and surroundings . 
  it 's as if there was a latin population in the balkans once ... and then there was n't ... and then there was . 
  and no one was really surprised , as if they were there all along . 
   i was wondering if latin had served the same sort of role as the germanic common speech across low germany , scandinavia , and great britain , which was a simplified pidgin of the various branches of germanic-derived languages . 
  that was n't used as anyone 's first language , and does n't have any modern descendants , but it was used by traders and mercenaries as a language in which they could make themselves understood anywhere . 
  ( broken engrish sort of fits that role too in places where few people speak it well but many speak it badly . ), 
  i 'd say that is very unlikely . 
  the major trading areas were all either greek or slavic . 
  latin did n't seem to get a solid foothold in the area until the christianization of the magyars under the catholic church . 
  where in romania ? 
  oh , boy , that question is way too vague in how it 's phrased . 
  which location ? 
  which time period ? 
  which roman empire ? 
  best answer i can give : there was no one true lingua franca north of the danube . 
  west of the carpathians it was latin , south of the danube and along the black sea it was greek . 
  during the rise of the second bulgarian empire , slavic became pro-eminent . 
  around the lower danube if it was n't already . 
  but really , for the territory of modern day romania for the period before the first fool-proof written records in the xiii century : we do n't know . 
  you 'll get that answer a lot . 
  thanks for making me check my work . 
  i should have been far more careful about checking primary sources . 
  the vlaho-bulgar rebelion furing kaloyan is , as you say , the only pre-13th century record i could find . 
  and should have been more careful when i said `` if it 's man made '' , that was silly of me . 
  although `` sat '' is a bit more hard to pin down , it seems . 
  i 'd like to hear your thoughts on the etnogenesis issue , if you do n't mind , honestly . 
  considering how poorly informed i am in comparison . 
   so are those for agricultural tools like spade or sickle . 
  `` lopata '' is a slavic derived word . 
  admitedly `` secera '' is n't , but `` coasa '' is . 
  so the rule is `` if it 's man made , it 's usually a slavic derived '' with a few exceptions . 
  iron making infact is predominantly slavic : nicovala , dalta , tocila , potcoava , ciocan . 
   also , land property ( mo\u0219ie ) , inheritance ( mo\u0219tenire ) , land owner ( mo\u0219nean ) are probably substratum ( mo\u0219 , meaning old man , has an albanese cognate meaning age ) . 
  thanks for adding this , this ads another dimension to the lexical nuance . 
   contradicted by two things . 
  besides the latin/substratum agricultural lexicon , romanian shows significant ( and ancient ) slavic influence . 
  or the slavs were sedentary , so could n't have had much linguistic contact with nomads . 
  i 'd argue that the romano-slav synthesis happened as romanian pastoralists started interacting and moving into slavic settlements . 
  we already have suggestion of this as records attests of combined slavic and vlach forces . 
  and this process `` completed '' in the 13th century with the litovoi and seneslau , the slavic-named vlachs who eaach ruled a knez . 
  but the existence of customary `` vlach law '' and the `` vlach = shepard '' lexical tie that happened suggest that while romanians started settling the lowlands , they already dominated the highlands . 
  the isolation this imposed until settlement truly began , allowed linguistic preservation and demographic stability . 
  well , i broadly agree but one point stands out : there is little to no early romanian/vlah material culture .
