  i 'm not the one trying to push the `` remove kebab '' agenda here , and i do n't need to counter-post some other non-sense . 
  if you want to engage in traditional balkan circle jerk over historic crime , fell free . 
  you do n't need to harass me over pointing out the posting of selective facts . 
   it 'd certainly help if the turkish government would just own up to what it did rather than stay in denial for over a 100 years . 
  this is what i do n't understand . 
  why not just blame it all on the ottoman empire ? 
  a detached monarch and an authoritarian elite grasping at the last shreds of control ? 
  so much invested into defending dead men . 
  it 's not less important , it 's not more important . 
  but if you 're going to hold out one example , you might as well hold all of them , and there are a lot . 
  we 've all been in this boiling pot together , nudging each other in the ribs . 
  why single anyone out ? 
   the greeks had no right to invade western anatolia . 
  they started the war . 
  and if you go long enough , you can find non-ending counter-attacks to counter-attacks until you forget why it even started . 
  blood feuds are like that , they self-propel . 
  so do n't point fingers . 
  war is rarely about a right to invade . 
  some asshole wanted more land , power and wealth , and tried to get it . 
  it 's done , it 's history . 
  call it what you will , but it 's not unique . 
  this continent is the mother of all battle-grounds , no shortage of victims . 
   for 2000 years official documents from the roman empire and greek writers have imitated the attic language of plato and the ancient athenians even though the common language was closer to that of the new testament , wrong or right it 's not weird at all that it took 1.5 century for the new born state to decide its official language . 
  but even the `` written language '' did n't have a singular form . 
  so both the spoken and written languages had to undergo parallel standardization , while at the same time trying to be relevant to each other . 
  which is just a silly amount of effort to preserve the mythos of ethnic continuity . 
  and i 'm saying this from the country sort of obsessed with ethnic continuity . 
   language is the most important cultural characteristic . 
  for greek it makes even more sense , it has an immense cultural and historical value and is spoken by relately few people with no immediate linguistic relatives . 
  you 're right . 
  but at some point you have to decide how `` romantic '' do you want to be about it . 
  for example , again , of romanian occasional language reform is done . 
  admitedly , the last one made no real sense . 
  but its done , and corresponds with its use . 
  counter-example : britain . 
  which not only has arbitrary rules about it 's own spelling and grammar , but adopts the spelling and grammar rules of borrowed words , as a point of intellectual self-validation . 
  did they atleast provide an excuse for doing so ? 
  or do they not even need that anymore ? 
  well , everyone went through a period of written and dialect standardization , to some degree or another . 
  and many of them had an element of historic romanticism about them , for example romanian latinized itself more . 
  the greek example is just a wonderfully ideal specimen of how neurotic that standardization was , as contradictions appared between idealist `` purity '' and practical intelligibility in standardization . 
  at the opposite ends are the scandinavian `` languages '' for the 3 different nation-states . 
  maybe i 'm weird , but that 's funny to me . 
  seeing how language is considered such an key point of the ethnocentric ethos . 
   creating filler useless jobs just to stop unemployment is a disaster in the making . 
  i do n't know how you think this will be good for the economy but retraining people , reforming the education system , or loosening certain regulations to increase hiring flexibility is more beneficial . 
  see you 're right . 
  i did n't say it was good for the economy , i just pointed out the social-political aspects it can resolve . 
  but , two point . 
  first , all your other suggestions run into problems : you either do n't know how to reform it , or reforming it is incredibly unpopular . 
  reforming education ? 
  every government everywhere wants to reform education , no one knows what to reform it into . 
  retraining people ? 
  into what , what if they do n't want to ? 
  as for hiring flexiblity , people riot over that . 
  by comparison mandatory conscription is a neat little way of getting your ducks in row with the minimum amount of `` quack '' . 
  now point two . 
  you might actually benefit from having that training program . 
  maybe not now , or tomorrow , but eventually . 
  simply having people around to help with disaster relief in case of flooding is sufficient , as it gives you a large pool of regimented manpower to call upon when needed . 
  i admit , points and counter-points can be made here . 
  in romania , the conscription service was more than a bit depressing , a bit of dedovshchina rubbed off on us . 
   especially the greek language became the key identifier of `` greekness . '', 
  [ hehehe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_language_question ), 
  unfortunately a large part of the left you 're mentioning still think it 's 1970 . 
  which is the reason why that left has lost support , the working class it 's fighting for does n't exist like it used to . 
  the next obvious target for wealth redistribution policies is now the financial and property markets . 
  and that left simply does n't have the intellectual manpower to tackle it , rather preferring to recycle older union-centric talking points . 
  ahh , got it to load . 
  and yup , i see turkish population in what is now dobrogea . 
  which , are now a significant minority together with the former slavic populaton . 
  was n't the early 20th century just a bag of fucking sunshine ? 
  you 're right , it would be the better way of going about it on a socially acceptable level . 
  the issue though is that a lot of the jobs you describe either require some fairly specific training that you require university/technical school education for . 
  or are so basic you 're basically forcing people to become under-paid janitors . 
  not all of them mind you , there 's quite a few for which it would work , but there is a `` saturation point '' past which each extra person becomes a burden you 're trying to find a place for . 
  the army provides an alternative because it 's the pinnacle of `` pointless make work '' . 
  90 % of it is either training physically and mentally for a situation that will likely never show up or doing routine work around the training area . 
  so you can have people looking very busy without actually doing anything , all in the name of `` preparation '' . 
  i know this sound cynically pointless , but it 's sort of has it 's place . 
  one of the oldest complaints in the world , to the point that tribal villages have them , is what to do with all of the idle people ( usually young ) , that are fucking about the village . 
  the map is n't loading for me . 
  looked at the video and the paper . 
  it 's very interesting . 
  i think a lot of issues stem from the fact that a good portion of the visible minorities had a criminal background . 
  basically , the french army picked them up already broken , the same way adoption centers have to educate kids that are already troubled . 
  so , i agree , the military is n't the `` integration vehicle '' that some rather extreme posters here think it is . 
  honestly , i 've seen it be exactly the opposite with people coming out of it either bullied into obedience , or so institutionalized they did n't know what to do with themselves . 
  it 's something that is hard to do right , and easy to fuck up . 
   so a kind of brainwashing campaign ? 
  this is why we should n't let the extremists get close to power . 
  everything becomes an ideological vehicle to them . 
  schools , national broadcasting , social welfare . 
  no exceptions , just disgusting opportunism on their part . 
  like i said , peace time conscription follows different political pressures . 
  it 's not that a western nation needs an army , it 's that it has a few hundred thousand unemployed youth it has no idea what to do with , and who politicians are struggling to justify paying . 
  to give you an example of how this pressure has been translated to a country that has conscription as one of it 's cultural taboos , the uk , benefits for under 24 's are slowly being cut in every way possible . 
  as of this month , if you 're under 21 you no longer get housing support if you 're homeless . 
  should i expect subsequent maps on ethnic migration of germans , hungarians , romanians and other ethnic populations during the early 20th century ? 
  or is this the only one which serves your purpose ?
