  but yes , we have to make the best of the cards that are dealt . 
  and cheat , if we can . 
   even so , the fact that they , as an unicameral house , even have to ask , strongly undermines their authority . 
  they are n't really unicameral . 
  the parliament/council function as a bicameral system . 
  and the council ca n't propose legislation either , but they have recognized influence on the initiative process . 
  overall , the balance between comission initiative and parliament/council approval seems to be a good one , since it would in theory allow flexibility of approach without turning into a fight between competing chambers as the commission is accepted by both . 
   if people ca n't remotely relate to the functions of the eu , it becomes hard to write understandable journalistic pieces about , and it becomes a black box nobody cares about . 
  the comission , the council , and parliament and the interplay between them all are a mess to look at from the outside . 
  i do n't know about this . 
  in many ways it 's easier than understanding , for example , the uk system . 
  if you could please expand on which has caused the most confusion , i 'd be interested since it seems this complaint is fairly universal despite repeated attempts to increase the level of information . 
  i 'd be interesting to know what he would think of the western approach he tried to emulate if he saw current events . 
  both in relation to democracy but also in relation to secularism . 
  still , may he rest in peace . 
  as someone said , that 's not always a given . 
  that which does n't kill you , sometimes just leaves you broken and scarred . 
  we 're right now headed for a nexus point in history , automation is coming ever closer , so is ai , and maybe bio-technology following just after it . 
  if we 're not stable when the storm hits we might see a new `` warring states '' period which will completely destroy enlightenment thought . 
  it was never a given that anyone would develop it , it could have always been missed , china survives without it and we might do without it as well if the chaos eats us up . 
  the issue is having the 27 leaders agree to it in principle , then agree to a treaty change , and then have the referendums pass . 
  i do n't think many people realize how scaring the lisbon treaty was to the political establishment . 
  despite what europhobes say , it actually improved democracy and transparency a lot compared to the previous treaties as well as fully enshrining human right in a legal framework . 
  despite this the public treated it as another `` fuck the eu '' vote . 
  huge pain in the ass , to pass something that did n't help them at all . 
  since then it seems they 've shied away and returned back to the old method of creating international treaty organizations , like the esm . 
  together with their lack of transparency and democracy . 
  so good job general public . 
  edit : sorry , forgot to ask the important question : is it possible to convince people to treat a change towards an elected president not as another chance for them to signal displeasure at the current government ? 
  it 's also the basis of humanism and the enlightenment as well , the idea of a human brotherhood . 
  it 's a fact of life , used by saints , revolutionaries , demagogues and tyrants . 
   every humans has his own standards and everything is balanced by one person in different ways . 
  you have a set of standards for what you consider good and evil , i have my own . 
  hunger , thirst , cold , heat , dieing , illness . 
  security in general . 
  every human has his own standards is , partially at least , bullshit . 
  when it comes to the foundations of happiness most people pretty much can stand hand in hand . 
  and the achievement of those standards is n't arbitrary either , it is achieved through some basic , although malleable , tenants of civilization regarding order , justice , responsibility and freedom . 
  so you 're assuming that he counted on jobbik taking this opportunity at relevance to blackmail the government for something they ideologically ca n't safely touch ? 
  i think you 're right , but i think they are both winners with this , since both come out of it looking like they are fighting for variations of the same thing , with firdesz being more pleasing to the center and jobbik more willing to go to extremes . 
   not to mention that his other risky bet ( openly supporting trump months before the elections ) played out exactly as he planned . 
  i ca n't say i wo n't be utterly disgusted to see orban put on the standard eastern european `` american dick sucking '' knee-pads in front of the cameras . 
  i wonder what he 'll ask out of the relationship . 
   if iran or iraq , or venezuela had spotted them , they would 've yelled at the un that we dropped of agents in iraq , or were laying of the coast collecting communications . 
  ok , you 've got a good point there . 
   also in training , this submarine was able to sink an entire us carrier group including escorts without being spotted . 
  this i 'd take with a pinch of salt . 
  i 'm really into examining potential weaknesses of carriers in the future , subs and cruise missiles being the obvious candidates for carrier killers , but i 'm always skeptical about the us exercises regarding them . 
  the us has too much experience in counter-info warfare to not play coy once in a while.especially with their carrier groups . 
   exception is probably in yugoslavia , during the war the walrus sub was laying of kotor tubes open and loaded , probably not caring if seen as a warning was issued any ship leaving port would be torpodoed . 
  why was this ? 
  thank you for the point . 
  i think he has a reasoned response somewhere in there about some people believing just because they were born in the west , somehow they already have a good grasp on reason or enlightenment values . 
  it 's fukuyama thinking . 
  but without education , you just ramble half-understood mantras without context while giving yourself airs of superiority . 
  in the european east for example , the people who portray themselves as `` defenders of western civilization '' actually espouse the sort of abrahamic desert-tribe traditionalist beliefs that you find in the middle east , rather than french revolutionary ideology that help kill that thinking in europe , and more than a few on the right are attracted by authoritarian , and even monarchist , ideologies . 
  on the other side of the coin , the left ca n't figure out how to make marxism work in service economies by anything else but reciting catchy slogans and they interpret social liberalism as a new form of indentitarian politics , instead of the fight for being valued for what you do and say , rather than who you are . 
  so there is definitely a sense of `` european exceptionalism '' going on , that ignores enlightenment civilization 's strengths and weaknesses in preference of adopting it 's superficial elements as a sign of their own superiority . 
   a dutch submarine has never been tracked during operations since ww2 . 
  uhh . 
  who told you that ? 
  the people who run the submarine program and have no interest in showing failure , or the people who they were tailing that had no interest in saying that you 're not invisible and they can blow you under the water if you 're not careful . 
  because both have reason to lie . 
  but listen , i 'm not saying you 're not right . 
  the dutch submarines might have actually intentionally tested how dirty they can swim until it becomes obvious to the russians they are there . 
  the weird part is the admission of details . 
  here 's the question , and this is always the question : could n't or did n't want to tell you they could ? 
  submarine tech being the double-deception bonanza that it is . 
  because the moment you do tell someone you detected them , well , that information is now out there and so is information about your sensor range and capabilities . 
  the odd part is them admitting it . 
  they did n't need to , they could have simply allowed them to have their fun and then be off without giving a hint of their abilities . 
  but instead they chose to declare that yes , they can see them , and the virginia class , and when they were spotted . 
  and by that reasoning , every country could do even better by allowing their regions and cities their own currency . 
  or maybe , even better , simply allow banks to print their own money again . 
  there is a reason we 've gone towards currency standardization rather than away from it , you know . 
  i do n't think it 's that simple . 
  if i suddenly added 100.000 new greeks without any training or education , then you now have 100.000 new unemployed individuals . 
  those individuals might consume , but that consumption would be based on the state budged that could have done more productive work/consumption elsewhere . 
  i think export-based economies did the right thing by maximizing productivity per person by tapping into world markets for demand . 
  it 's the only thing that makes sense considering the global nature of supply chain and how domestic consumption relies on a lot of foreign producers . 
  the main issue with demographic decline is the current tax/pension system not being reformed to take it into account . 
  otherwise we would be seeing what , well , what we 're seeing in the uk where pensioners are kept safe by removing safety nets for the unemployed . 
   `` europe needs to be more like the usa '' or we could be more like switzerland . 
  what do you have against switzerland ? 
   i do n't share your optimism , europe is doomed demographically . 
  the demographic `` doom '' is a mixed blessing , because of industrialization and automation . 
  number of people has n't mattered in the western world for a long time . 
  in fact , every extra person requires taking care of , and has little to no natural production value anymore without preparation/training/education which also require resources . 
  it might be in fact better if we allow slow demographic decline , while improving overall quality of education , so automation does n't hit us quite as hard . 
  maybe better said : european meta-nationalism . 
  that is to say , the idea that some nations ( or polities ) that are european and some nations that are n't , all by virtue of their ideals and goals rather than history or geography . 
  if you ca n't accept democracy or rule of law , i think it 's fair to say that the country could be in the alps and still feel like it 's not a part of europe . 
  it also makes cyprus make sense as they adhere to the ideals of europe . 
   the eu army as of right now is a pipe dream . 
  who funds it ? 
  most european nato countries ca n't afford to spend 2 % gdp on military . 
  where does the additional funding come from if not the usa ? 
  i will tell you , it means higher taxes and cuts to social services . 
  are you complaining about the nato 2 % requirement or the eu army ? 
  it 's very unclear since an eu army can simply be funded with existing funds .
