  perhaps there is a future where the eea extends far further than where is now . 
  but that 's all pie-in-the-sky thinking . 
  they can choose not to sign . 
  but that change will be public and obvious , instead of the current system of pretense where everyone says they 're working hard on ... doing nothing . 
  absolutely nothing . 
  and then we on the outside having to play detective to who is trying to stop what , and who is getting investment from the chinese to prevent tarrifs , and who is just trying to grandstand for the public . 
  that has had it 's time , it 's now time for it to die . 
  i can agree with using the money better , definitely . 
  but this :  lets not tell member coutries what they should do with their internal affairs . 
  i can only imagine what this means , but it sounds like the `` rule of law '' and `` democracy '' checks . 
  my country benefited a lot by those , the political class got clobbered by them . 
  i would never support removing them . 
  if you 're asked to become a functional liberal democracy to join the eu . 
  then you should be expected to act like one afterward . 
  for everything that is not `` rule of law '' , there is the principle of subsidiarity which is doing just fine . 
   the sooner the eu starts crumbling the better it is for all the european nations well maybe not for germany and france . 
  man does n't know when the concert of europe were dividing the smaller nations like pieces of cake among themselves . 
  yes , let 's return to that . 
  it will surely be the big , rich nations that loose out , not the small nations that have to bend to their wishes . 
  i share the same fear . 
  i fear my country will be turned into a buffer zone , that we 'll be abandoned again to fend for ourselves , that we 're currency to buy the west peace . 
  but that 's why i want to tear down the hegemonic alliance system of the present . 
  to create courts and parliaments that have power to prevent that betrayal . 
  to create an army that will not just fight for my freedom , but will also win . 
  i want to not go back to the past , it 's a terrifying place for my nation , i want to find a future where there is more to hold us together than empty promises on a piece of paper . 
   yet we do at least still have the last say on where we deploy or send our troops to . 
  the dutch will always be given a vote in the council . 
  you ca n't say your say is being taken away . 
  but you have to understand that unless you wake up to the realities of what is coming out of russia and the middle east , it '' s only a matter of time until you find yourself facing them yourself rather than poland and greece acting as your shield . 
  you ca n't look at this as just being dutch , consider the big picture . 
  it 's the same as those people who reject vaccination have to look at the fact that they 're riding on the graces of everyone else immunizing themselves . 
  they 're fine , until they 're not . 
  this is europe . 
  we live on the bones of empires , kingdoms and nations who had charismatic men lead desperate people to their doom . 
  sometimes , reason does n't matter , you can only ride on the tide of desperation . 
  the illiberal democracies know that , but they have no vision , they 'll just ride that wave until it swallows them up and they 're replaced with more unethical men . 
  so it was , and so it will be again . 
   that would require abandoning neoliberalism , which the eu have already shown they have no interest in doing the eu is hardly neoliberalist in the first place , the neoliberalist actually hate it because it has too many regulations and restrictions . 
  the epp is neoliberalist and the solution is to stop voting for political parties that are epp in your national governments . 
  the biggest surprise here is the dutch government . 
  they also are stopping the creation of the eppo , the prosecutor office made to handle and stop the european funds abuses that they complain about in the first place . 
  can any dutch folk explain what is going on with your government ? 
  are we going to hear from sch\u00e4uble soon about how everything is absolutely fine and juncker should not have an opinion ? 
  i might dislike juncker , but at least he 's not as detached from the way the world is heading as the german government . 
  do less things so there 's less chance of someone taking offense ? 
  do you really think that a solution to anything but waiting for the death blow ? 
  we 're in post-truth politics , if you 're not on the acting side you 're being acted on . 
  i say the opposite , increase funding , increase rule of law restrictions , increase border protection , increase public investment . 
  be active , solve things or at least try to . 
  do n't fear criticism , but irrelevance . 
   this would be a centrist movement . 
  have you been paying attention ? 
  there is no centrism anymore , the center-right and center-left and pretty much holding on by listening to poll numbers and trying to not fuck up too much and are ideologically bankrupt . 
  they 're slowly being pulled in every direction . 
  we need a significant dose of iconoclasm and guts to make it against the new demagogues . 
  we ca n't afford to compromise . 
  a conservative reactionary demagogue is a conservative reactionary demagogue , no matter their creed . 
  it 's time to show the world the punch and judy show they 're creating . 
  the present left can cry all they like , but they 're already loosing to those factions . 
  you 're reiterating the mantra of the last 10 years , `` enhanced cooperation '' . 
  but it does n't work , the national leaders are playing variants of the prisoners dilemma thinking they 're smart enough to get ahead . 
  we need to stop expecting them to pull together , and demand , by law and treaty if necessary , they do something or step back and leave somebody else to fix those issues . 
   europe is not a nation . 
  by definition there can never be a european nationalist party . 
  europe is a meta-nation . 
  a family of nations united by common values and history , and more importantly a willingness to work together rather than apart . 
   and sorry , but there 's no such thing as a `` common culture '' in europe - the countries comprising europe are far too diverse this is a lie , and anyone who has been outside europe can tell you . 
  we 're nothing like the middle east , south east asia or sub-saharan africa . 
  we have more respect for the unfortunate than north america , and more respect for the rule of law than south america . 
  true , there are still many nations around the world that can be considered european , but we are neighbours as well . 
  and the most important thing that binds us together is : we decided to overcome the few differences we have and work together . 
  that decision overshadows everything as long as we keep to making it true . 
  finally showing his true colours . 
  not a misunderstood patriot , but a mad consummate europhobe using every lie and tool he has to undermine european unity . 
  finland , denmark and sweden , do n't make up the whole * general public . 
  and at 44 % for and 35 % opposed , the general public seems to be actually supportive . 
  if you want to make the point that the nordics are n't supportive , make that point . 
  at least you can actually back that up . 
  hell , start `` efta 2 : this time we mean it '' for all i care , there 's bigger fish to fry . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb79/eb79_publ_en.pdf * edit, 
   were you planning anything else for the next 50 years ? 
  because you might want to reschedule . 
  i know it sounds dire , but approaching things with pessimism might be the best pace right now . 
   number 3 will only deter the smaller nations like ireland and grow anti eu feeling . 
  if ireland are left out , they 're left out . 
  no hard feelings , at least as long as we 're never attacked and in need of assistance . 
  but other smaller nations , like the baltics , absolutely need the security . 
  and grow anti-eu feeling ? 
  doing nothing grows anti-eu feeling , doing something grows anti-eu feeling . 
  how about we just try to do what is right and see where it takes us rather than worry about somebody having a bad opinion before we approach step 1 . 
   all of this talk about defending against the big bully putin when the bigger eu states will force smaller ones to hate the nations they want them to hate . 
  you were n't in an eastern european country when bush was rounding up the coalition of the willing were you ? 
  also , it 's the smaller nations in eastern europe that are trying to pull the secure and far away west into seeing the threat we see , not the other way around . 
  honestly , the statement is more an insult to the intelligence of the people of smaller states . 
  and even a non-sequitor since a central command has nothing to do with any of that . 
  the alt-right movement spent two decades thumping their brand of knee-jerk reactionism before it started paying off . 
  the new left in southern europe spent less than one , but they manage to ride in on the banking crises and the resulting budget austerity . 
  you 've got to accept that it takes time . 
  but with dedication , even the most empty of demagoguery has the opportunity to sound like sweet music . 
  the challenge is to be better than that , to add substance to the rhetoric .
