   when the countryside is only populated by those it needs it will be as prosperous as it should be . 
  you 're missing out two important factors here : 1 . 
  rural communities are a form of cultural foundation for a lot of europeans . 
  not just the old , there 's plenty of younger people engaged in traditional reconstruction/revival . 
  rural communities are in some ways more sturdy than urban communities , on a historical scale . 
  even when the power is off , and the trucks do n't come in people can still grow food and use lumber , and just keep living . 
  i think the conversation ca n't really be about if we should maintain rural communities because of this , but how . 
  as / u/whtevrr pointed out , rural communities can become isolated ghettos if not managed properly , but we need them as an anchor to our societies . 
  because nato is our maginot line . 
  it 's a psychological pillar of confidence that hides a deeper inability to consider the reality of conflict , and not subjected to careful study of inherent weaknesses and biases for fear of undermining that psychological support . 
  this is why trump has shaken it so , despite people pointing out the impending possibility of something like him happening for the last 2 decades , due to the incredible dependence on us management and support . 
  and nato is filled with other such weaknesses that a determined opponent will eventually seize . 
  honestly , why not ? 
  create new wildlife reserves . 
  maybe also establish a framework for `` simple living '' model communities , meant to attract the sort of people who 'd trade convenience for a rural lifestyle . 
  i 've noticed in new zealand , which hit urbanization sooner in its lifetime , rural communities that are n't immediately tied to a nearby industry attempt to draw income from tourism relating to either the surrounding environment or a specific thematic niche . 
  which is an option if we want self-supporting communities rather than state-supported communities . 
  we 've got two agencies that need relocating in the next 2 years , i think it 's time someone floats the idea of an exchange . 
  considering strasbourg is between paris and frankfurt , a case can be made for the banking agency . 
  greek wages are higher than any eastern european country except maybe slovenia . 
  talking about poverty in this context is quite interesting . 
  also , having to leave the country because of lack of opportunities is a familiar story . 
  i 'm not quite sure why you think it 's beyond the pale ? 
  if it 's a normal fta , national parliaments wo n't need to give approval , but the council will still be expected to vote unanimously . 
  and then we return to the 1980s when the french were complaining of the de-facto dominance of the german currency and its central bank in european economies and were wondering why their strategy of devaluations was n't providing accessible benefits . 
  and then i imagine some strategy will be formulated to counter-act germany by tying it into a currency system the french have a vote in , removing it 's ability to function independently . 
  repeat process as needed as each generation grows up and dies until immortality is reached . 
  i fucking tried to give blame where it was due , i tried to be fair and even . 
  i admitted that all the issues had external causes at heart . 
  and still anything less than flattery bounced off . 
  with added insult returned for good measure . 
  this is why i 'm burned out on the `` woe is me '' . 
  perfect example of stringing several different sentences together and pretending you 've made a cogent argument when you reach the end . 
  the east has known anti-corruption protests before , in the form of the colour revolutions . 
  and both of them failed in the long term . 
  not to mention the same damn broken logic was used in the early arab spring , same result . 
  romania has a long way ahead of it , and we ca n't take any progress for granted . 
  edit : did n't even notice the damn flag at the beginning till it was pointed out . 
  well , consistent quality , got ta give him that . 
  `` turkey 1.0 '' is the turkey that declared itself neutral , and made a deal with greece to swap populations to prevent another war . 
  we wish we were dealing with that turkey . 
  listen , i 'm a bit burned out on the whole `` victim '' thing . 
  yes turkey is being shit . 
  yes , cyprus requires troop removal . 
  yes , macedonia is being delusional . 
  yes the eurogroup is being unfair . 
  yes , the ngos are being unhelpful . 
  but at every point , the greek government managed to spend every ounce of sympathy that could be gathered on some batshit stunt or another . 
  there is genuine incompetence there , and you ca n't paper it over with `` but they 're being mean . '', 
  indefinitely . 
  give the world a greece people can actually root for !, 
  it 's not bloody prejudice to notice a trend and make a statement about it . 
  the fact that the statement is n't flattering does n't invalidate it one bit . 
  i just think when given the opportunity to make a bad situation worse , it 's optimistic to think that the greek government will give an appropriate response . 
  whatever the reason or motivation behind it . 
  i 'm not talking about the greek people here . 
  i 'm talking about a political class that has somewhat specialized out of international drama . 
  as of this moment , you can at any point stir shit using either : turkey , cyprus , macedonia or the eurozone . 
  and the horrible part is they 're never really wrong , they just mishandle it to the point of self-harm . 
  the greek and turkish cypriots were managing gradual withdraw behind closed doors . 
  nobody needed or wanted his damn input , especially given to the media as an ultimatum . 
  right or wrong , it was an asshole move . 
  and , of course , the official response was to blame turkey . 
  which we all know are to blame themselves for quite a few things , but not that little bit of inneptitude . 
  when it comes to foreign policy , the greek government has the unparalleled talent of lowering itself to the exact level where a sensible person finds it difficult to take its side , despite what everyone else is doing . 
   the last thing our country and its govt needs now is a conflict . 
  that is absolutely true . 
  but the last thing that the cyprus deal needed was the greek foreign minister running his mouth without checking with anyone . 
  sorry , but previous behaviour determines future action . 
  from having foreign issues distract from domestic incompetence ? 
  do i really have to point it out ? 
  honestly , i think both governments benefit from that . 
  it 's because even a significant percentage of fuck all is still fuck all , at best . 
  and you ca n't maintain a significant industry , unless you feed it constant orders . 
  that 's simply not possible for countries like the netherlands , hungary , or romania , especially when you can expect to get at least 2 decades of use out of something . 
  and when you 're talking more advanced stuff like mbt , jet aircraft , ships , or radar and optics . 
  you 're going to start importing , a lot . 
  and the really painful part is that modern equipment 's real cost is in maintenance . 
  so not only do you need to spent to buy the thing , but the moment you have it , it now takes up a significant portion of your budget . 
  so that 's your investment until it breaks down and you can start saving up for its replacement or something else . 
  well are n't you quite the character . 
  edit : okay , that might have been a bit too dismissive . 
  but seriously , pis right now is using russia as a way to exert domestic control . 
  it 's honestly done nothing to increase actual security , it 's full of hot air . 
  meanwhile , it 's recreated the pre-ww2 era perfectly . 
  it 's weakening any intermarium-like structure by crying sovereignty , while at the same time pandering to foreign powers to secure dubious alliances . 
  it has even had a row with ukraine over the historical grudges pis likes to revive . 
  all it needs now is to issue an ultimatum to a small neighbouring country and the pattern would be complete . 
  we need strong european security , not another alliance system based on some overseas hegemon that barks out orders . 
  and we need better spent money , not more . 
  as for the christian/muslim snipe . 
  that 's a bit too russian for my tastes . 
  on what , how , to what end ? 
  alone , it 's a meaningless empty request . 
  we need someone to say that we require x , y , and z , and we have to do spend whatever it takes to get it . 
  not an arbitrary number . 
  this has become a laughable bit of point scoring , and worryingly a divisive issue in europe between countries that spend and countries that do n't . 
  despite that money not necessarily seeing good use , and in fact in danger of aiding corruption . 
  and despite the fact that our most military active member france , does n't actually spend that much while still achieving its set strategic goals including an active nuclear arsenal . 
  the issue is that military spending alone is a fools errand .
