  a lot of european countries did the shift to latin , including romania and turkey . 
  admitedly this was pre-mass literacy where you did n't have a massive status quo effect . 
  but it is possible without much conflict . 
   the uk was within its legal rights to veto it . 
  the uk did not break the legislative system or the rule of law or uniformity , because the uk did what it was entirely entitled to do . 
  which is an argument for the legally allowed , but incorrect . 
  the uk has the legal ability to veto , but arguably not the moral authority in the face of a clear majority . 
  this is the issue with vetos . 
  in practice , it 's a tool that inevitably undermines democratic voting in favor of legalistic consensus . 
  you might as well never have a vote on anything , as long as one country can show a veto , it 's case closed . 
   i agree , it was a farce . 
  though not the uk 's farce . 
  the uk was of course right to protect its own interests . 
  that 's if you consider the price payed collectively worth the benefit to the individual . 
  the `` right to protect it 's own interest '' also work for someone who over-grazes a common pasture . 
  he has a right to overuse , it 's common , but then we know the parable of the tragedy involved . 
   the uk government was not able to use its veto to stop the rest doing something . 
  the rest went ahead anyway . 
  it turned out that we did not have an effective veto . 
  by vetoing the uk broke the legislative system , and in consequence the rule of law and uniformity . 
  the result agreement was a patchwork one that turned the entire thing into a farce . 
  you underestimate the damage done , but as sykorky 's leaked tape shows , the rest of the eu leaders did n't . 
   i understand that , what i 'm suggesting is that the council of ministers should be a single configuration of elected officials with each state having a number of members somewhere between pr and equality , like the bundesrat . 
  the bundesrat are not elected , they are state representatives . 
  they represent the governments of those state and that means that they are more knowledgeable in the actual issues they face , as well as representing a political system independent from the federal one . 
  we already have a system of proportional voting assigned to ministers in the com , so we do n't need more seats . 
  and i 'd say the multiple compositions are a necessary part of how complicated managing government departments has become . 
   i do n't like unelected upper houses unless they are largely powerless and politically irrelevant , like the house of lords . 
  i 'd say the house of lord is both the biggest crime and joke in european history . 
  it 's been `` under reform '' according to the party manifestos for a 100 years , and what it reformed into is a `` cash for seats '' free for all , where public money is spent of rich toffs . 
  it 's an embarrassing institution , and it 's incredible that it acted as a supreme court not only 20 years ago . 
   i agree , but vague nature of the council president 's powers mean that both he and the commission president have some overlap , like on foreign policy . 
  i think the council president should be the head of the legislature 's upper chamber . 
  technically the high representative of the eu is supposed to head foreign policy . 
  but they placed ashton and then morgherini in that position , and they 're simply not the sort of people that fight to get center state on these things . 
  last term , the council president was van rompuy and he was equally shy about getting involved . 
  so it seems `` eu foreign policy '' is still a power/personality struggle until a precedent is set . 
   i do n't think it will disappear . 
  ironically , i think brexit will serve as a vindication of the eu . 
  i think the eu will continue to be less than the sum of its parts for a very long time . 
  i think what we 're lacking right now across the world are decisive visionaries in the same vein as wilson , roosevelt , churchill , and monnet . 
  the rise of nationalism and populism has cheapened our politics and plagued our ability to solve problems . 
  i agree about a lack of visionaries but not about the persistence of the eu . 
  we 've been here before a hundred times . 
  the achean league ( and the many greek leagues before that ) , the latin league , the gaulish tribes , the polish-lithuanian commonwealth , the hungarian electoral monarchy , the holy roman empire , the confederation of the rhine , the italian city states , the intermarium , yugoslavia , so on and so forth . 
  i am afraid that bismark was right , he understood human nature . 
  cooperation is beyond us . 
  we only serve strength and fear . 
   `` poland is trying very hard to bring trump here , even if only for a brief visit , '' a polish government source said , on condition of anonymity , late on wednesday . 
  make sure to hide the knee pads and wipe some of that presidential sauce from your mouth when you get on the podium . 
  it does become the `` broken window '' fallacy though . 
  it gives them more to do in their own country , because nothing works properly . 
  which is all fine and dandy , if you 're not relying on things working properly i guess and have nothing better to do . 
   i know a lot of europhiles who argue that there is really is n't a democratic deficit , and i understand the argument , but i disagree with it . 
  the council of ministers are one step removed from the public , unlike many upper houses of legislative bodies . 
  it 's practically a carbon copy of the german bundesrat . 
  federal systems are not like other systems , and state representation works differently than popular representation . 
  the us congressional parallelism , is actually fairly weird by comparison , since all it does is copy the popular vote in both it 's houses . 
   you can make the case that the president of the commission is close enough to a prime minister now because of spitzenkandidaten , but he heads only one of the institutions , which we know has been sidelined by the council over the past two and half decades . 
  we only need one . 
  not everyone needs to do the same job . 
  the problem is that he 's asked to do things he ca n't , and when he points out why we suddenly get collective amnesia because questioning the council involves us asking some really hard questions . 
  but i repeat , we do n't need more than the head of the commission . 
  the parliament president represent the collective parties in coalition , and that is how parliaments work . 
  the council president represents the member states and that 's how regional representation works . 
  that 's good enough if we were actually discussing things rationally . 
   this is a federalist pipe-dream though . 
  pretty much . 
  i 've already prepared for the disappearance of the eu in 10 years . 
  too much is working against it from the inside and out , and no one is asking the serious questions . 
   there is no european people that elected that parliament . 
  i ca n't vote for a candidate from poland or france . 
  there is a european polity by virtue of elections happening , that 's how democracy works . 
  the ethno-national belief that `` a people '' is needed before democracy can kick in can have a talk with america , canada , or the countless multi-ethnic states that understand citizenship and civic participation . 
  and you can vote for a french or polish candidate if he stands for election in your juristiction . 
  correction : it gives them the illusion of power and influence , while making them collectively ineffective at actually wielding any power of influence . 
  the paradox of management by committee . 
   the argument for the eu 's democratic deficit relies almost entirely due to the creeping power of the intergovernmental institutions and the lack of legislative initiative in the parliament . 
  i honestly would say there is no real `` democratic deficit '' . 
  there 's democracy and representation everywhere . 
  but that 's not the only ingredient in a working government . 
  the parliament , council and commission , have in theory an optimum balance of power . 
  and the talk of `` legislative initiative '' ignores the fact that in reality governments have legislative initiative , not parliaments itself , due to the party system . 
  so we skipped a step , admitted reality , and as a result the commission is under scrutiny by coreper and parliamentary committees without major favouratism . 
  the problem is that the council can and has acted outside the eu institutions , while pretending it 's the eu . 
  the eurozone talks are in the eurogroup and esm , which are not eu institutions , the quota vote was done quickly through the council of leaders without the correct legislative process . 
  and the public support they enjoy prevents this from being pointed out . 
   , but it is the commission that has the greatest power in the eu institutions . 
  this could n't be farther from the truth . 
  as the greek commissioner for migration said : [ `` when i was first appointed to the commission in brussels , i first thought that i was becoming a minister of the european government . 
  i soon realized that the real power was in the hands of the council , that is to say , the national governments . 
  '' ] ( http://www.tdg.ch/monde/l-europe-va-avoir-besoin-de-6millions-dimmigres/story/19455815 ) and that 's it all in a nutshell . 
  despite the commission representing the eu institutions , it has no power over the eu itself . 
  that is all in the hand of the national governments that have since 2009 slowly gained more and more control . 
  it is now simply there as an secretariat for the council . 
  and it 's fine talk to call the commission corruptible , when it has to undergo the most checks . 
  the council by comparison has fought the eu ombundsman over transparency [ repeatedly ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/council-signals-it-may-end-transparency-recalcitrance-europe-transparency-lobbies/ ) and [ still is ] ( https://www.ombudsman.europa.eu/press/release.faces/en/76964/html.bookmark ) , and the national governments not only listen to industrial leaders , they take pride in meeting them and be influenced by them . 
  there still is n't a eu vehicle check institution after dieselgate because the member states like being the ones to favour their own carmakers . 
  your narrative is , in short , bunk . 
  so it 's not that it 's over-regulated , it 's that it 's regulated at all ?
