  largely to keep the design teams and builders hand in practice . 
  it 's been sufficiently long since the rafael and eurofighter that the people in charge of design have retired or are on the edge of retiring . 
  that 's experience leaking out of the industry . 
  every year we wait , we make any future development harder as less experience will be there to prevent mistakes from being made and re-learned from . 
  that 's how we get stuff like the a400m : how do we make a short take-off propeller transport plane ? 
  we do n't know , let 's find out . 
  unfortunately sweden and the franco-german model regarding their market niche would be at odds . 
  sweden builds fighters that are capable of competing in market conditions for small-tier buyers with little interest in having the latest technology . 
  franco-german models tend to be higher cost and quality , at a technical level where most states prefer to develop their own rather than buy someone else 's . 
  so franco-german airplanes will always be outcompeted in the market by swedish airplanes , but are likely higher tech . 
  the only reason the f35 seem to be getting sizable market share is , in my opinion , out of american wink-nudge diplomacy . 
  the addendum to that being that without the cooperation we would n't have anything nearly like the a400m . 
  and before you give the american 's as a source , the american 's have plenty of failures in making transport planes , like the osprey and the spartan . 
  we 'll be helping them pay for those every time we buy something from them . 
  unlikely . 
  it 's nowhere near the same enviroment as during the eurofighter negotiations , and the experiences with airbus and arianespace have put down better foundations . 
  if i remember correctly germany elects as one constituency for europarl , so you only need to get about 500.000 people across the whole country to vote die piraten and we can have her for 4 more years . 
  i do n't like the victim contest at the best of times , and especially not when dealing with domestic skeletons in the closet . 
  and you turning tragedy into histrionic self-martyrdom is n't doing those thousands who died during the regime any favors . 
  bit of stoicism goes a long way , let 's learn rather than whinge . 
  making the law is a popularity contest , deciding who obeys that law and who does n't is n't . 
  and for good reason , since judges should not have any pressure outside their ability to interpret the law . 
  and when they fail , there are proper disciplinary actions that can be taken , not destroying the whole system . 
  judges are n't untouchable , they 're not beyond the law themselves . 
  and they 're not `` just humans '' , any more than a surgeon is `` just a human '' , they have strong professional standards that can destroy their careers . 
  they live at a standard of behaviour above most people , a standard they spend their entire lives being judged by . 
  one bad day and they can be done for . 
  in romania we 've actually done the opposite of that poland is trying to do , we 've been slowly removing the ability of the cabinet and parliament to influence judges . 
  this is a step backwards from that perspective . 
  it returns the ability to decide who is guilty and who is n't to politicians . 
  i am definetly joking . 
  it 's a bad habit , not a platform for political discourse . 
  it 's like the weird guy who shouts non-sense in the bus , going and trying to run for government . 
  are you seriously going to put a `` poor , wee us '' addendum there ? 
  bit sniveling , especially this is the german government paying and apologizing , not us . 
  you 're insane . 
  you 're obsessed ideologies and `` secret communists '' to the point of destroying the judicial independence that has created rule of law in the western world . 
  you 're literally turning poland into a one-party state where `` the party '' controls everything , and you think you 're somehow free of the old dictatorship because of it . 
  absolutely demented . 
   the judges were the only ones electing another judges and so created a system separated from the society . 
  so are doctors , military officers and every other profession which focuses more on in-depth knowledge and ability , rather than pleasing their supporters . 
  the judicial branch in every country ( minus some us states ) is always seperate and does not let their positions be effected by popular will , because the law is not a popularity contest . 
  in the states where judges are elected , you can see exactly why that is as judges become another tool of their political party , who they rely on for support every election . 
  it 's insane how people hate how politicians lie , manipulate and cheat the public for votes , and then turn around and insist that the every section of society becomes like that . 
  some corporations . 
  volkswagen 's special status in germany , for example , has a [ long history ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/volkswagen_act ) before dieselgate came out . 
  the same goes to a lot of industries with their claws in national politics . 
  it would actually be interesting to see a map of most influential companies per member state . 
  it would like double as a map of eu corporate blind spots . 
  back then i had the number to the squatter advisory service memorized , so several tiers bellow `` eyeing a house '' . 
  i highly doubt it 's in anyone 's interest that the london housing market dip , btw . 
  i would n't be surprised if they 'd rather see them empty rather than bellow market value . 
  i 'm more fond of berlin , for a whole host of reasons . 
  it 's not the `` hip upcoming '' place that the trustafarians like to think it is ( maybe not anymore , it 's been years ) , but london definetly is n't where you 'll find the next big thing in anything , it 's where you find things that have already made it and are showing off . 
  as for a great time , i like the germans better , personal preference . 
  remember to check out [ julia reda mep ] ( https://juliareda.eu/en/ ) for the latest in european digital rights . 
  the little power she has had as the only major representative of any pirate party , she used it well and i do n't think she get 's enough thanks despite fighting cross-party opposition from many who are in the pockets of their national industries . 
  you got me . 
  i 've only ever worked in london , did n't really have the time and money to actually `` be there '' so much as pass through between my shifts and during the occasional break . 
  how many territorial defense forces are directly controlled by a member of cabinet , and have as a mission to `` strengthen patriotic and christian foundations of our defense system and the armed forces '' ? 
  ten years ago erdogan imprisoning generals was him returning democracy , his undoing secularism defended as freedom of religion . 
  twenty years ago putin 's war on the oligarchs was complimented , and the rumour of returning power to the kgb inner circle handwaved as conspiracy . 
  and chavez was considered visionary by the european left , as he slowly bankrupted his country and removed democratic principles . 
  this is n't my first time pointing out the degenerating of a state , and it wo n't be my last , and i always get the same response : accusation of hate and bias . 
  because obviously being critical has to involve strong emotional urges , not thinking which leads to unquestioning acceptance . 
  i 've lived to see quite a few `` strong man '' democracies turn autocratic , with the clamour of many who admired and defended them . 
  poland follows the same pattern . 
  you 're forgetting the `` dead zones '' created by instability and their effect . 
  somalia created a piracy problem . 
  mexico kidnapping and organized crime . 
  early 90s russia , arm trafficking . 
  we gain tremendously by keeping as much as the region around us stable . 
  sorry to disappoint . 
  am not polish . 
  yes , i am aiming for true political power through chronic reddit posting . 
  so gutting the constitutional court , [ giving parliament control over judge appointments ] ( http://wbj.pl/polish-government-introduces-judiciary-reforms/ ) on the national council of the judiciary , making the minister of justice the public prosecutor , giving the minister of defence control over his own army outside of the military , causing several resignations among polish generals , taking pot shot at both lech walesa and donald tusk , even voting against him as a pole leading the eu council , just to prevent his return to politics ? 
  none of that is proof ? 
  what you 're being told is bullshit , both by trump and pis . 
  it 's all i 'm saying . 
  feel free not to ask any questions though , that 's going to go well . 
  if you think the nationalist polish government gives a shit about anything but power , then i think you 're the one in for a surprise . 
  every government for the past 20 years tried to strengthen ties with nato , pis on the other hand has heralded a bunch of resignations of the top brass in the military , has alienate european allies , and singled out the us as the only member they care to impress , to their eventual detriment as the us is approaching a more calm relationship with russia . 
  meanwhile their minister of defense is creating his own political army , and then using russia the same way orban uses soros to excuse it . 
  lech walesa being denigrated despite their own favorite us giving him a good word , smolensk resurrected for the sake of bringing down tusk , and they 're even antagonizing ukraine over historical fancies . 
  it 's pretty transparent what is happening . 
  pis is n't anti-russia , it 's pro-power and russia is how they scare their plebs in line . 
  i 'm out of touch ? 
  the president of the united states is being investigated for colluding with the russian state in winning his election !, 
  welcome to the world of now !, 
  he has just passed a bill increasing russian sanctions , with provisions to remove them as he sees fit without consulting congress , trojan horsing their eventual path to reconciliation . 
  they 're all being played like puppets . 
  what has pis done against russia besides asskiss a pro-putin ametican leader for defence ? 
  the only time they do something about russia is when they can accuse their domestic poltical opponents of siding with it . 
  and cobsidering their aliance with pro-putin orban some serious questions need to be asked about their true beliefs . 
  not every eu employee is an position to have a authoritative and relevant opinion on every eu policy . 
  also , a personal opinion is not an `` official position '' , it is a personal opinion . 
  michael barnier is lead negotiator , that is all , his job is to negotiate brexit . 
  any opinion expressed to the media , especially outside of that mandate , without the triple stamp of the institutions and an office header are his opinions . 
  the act of abandoning art 50 would pass all the way up to the council , and the representative of that body is donald tusk . 
  it 's actually been really frustrating for the past 10 years to explain this .
