  but considering people already buy and sell shares to one cab in the uk , how they expect to get demand going is beyond me . 
  unless the government suddenly changes standards to align with the new cars . 
  in the rest of europe , competition is cut-throat . 
  either you 're in a highly deregulated market that works on low margins , like the netherlands , or you 're in a highly regulated market where established players dominate . 
  either way , no one 's going to fork out the money for new stock if they do n't have to . 
  especially from a `` new '' company who 's previous incarnation made an unpopular product . 
  i 'm thinking they might try to sell it back to china as a euro-chic family car . 
  edit : checked , and apparently i 'm wrong . 
  their plan is to make the tx5 a hybrid electric vehicle with government support . 
  i imagine that some rule tweaking will be involved . 
  considering the costs involved , and the fact that uber is a thing , i 'm skepticle of any good news following . 
  i do n't know exactly , but i took an interest awhile ago in why there are endemic to the uk only . 
  they 're fairly expensive , feature rich , expensive to maintain , and the last type had issues with electrical fires emanating from the gearbox . 
  in the uk , what usually happens is a bunch of people pitch in to buy one , and then share the car . 
  the only competitive advantage they seem to have in the uk , is that they are up to a certain standard for hackney cab companies which receive special privileges other car hire companies do n't , like picking people up from the street and driving on bus lanes . 
   unfortunately the eu has fallen in to a similar trap that it now has to be seen to punish the uk for leaving . 
  in this i think you misunderstand the source of the pressure . 
  the eu responds to member states , and the member states to the public . 
  years of intergovernmental policy has made it so . 
  there is no pressure to punish the uk , member state governments simply do not think like that . 
  but , you do n't understand what makes a trade organization . 
  look at your local labour union . 
  a labour union only works if it can make the lives of it 's members better than the lives of it 's non-members . 
  if it did n't exist , everyone would be worse off , so it has to establish that it 's `` brand '' , it 's membership has worth , and can give that non-membership ca n't . 
  it can , of course , through the kindness of it 's heart fight for everyone 's rights , might even be immediately beneficial since it does n't give non-members a competitive advantage , but then there is no reason to pay for membership and next year it dissolves and you 're back on the shit end of the stick . 
  we are in the same situation . 
  it is perfectly in the power of the eu to give the uk a beneficial deal , some might say even in it 's interest in the short term . 
  but that 's not what it 's goal is . 
  it 's goal is to maintain the benefits of membership . 
  if that means refraining from propping up non-members , despite it being it 's power to do otherwise , it has an existential duty to do so . 
  this is not `` punishment '' . 
  this is , funnily enough , business . 
  for better or worse , the uk government has chosen to follow not lead . 
  and if that gives immense power to unregulated media , then it 's a shame , but also a fact . 
  as other 's have pointed out , uk policy is now hostage to public perception in negotiations . 
  it also has to give a compromise that appeases the eu27 , including the many protected industries , as was the case in other trade negotiations . 
  something has to give . 
  you ca n't make this about holding industrial sectors hostage , by saying `` we 're your best customers '' and `` we 'll take our business elsewhere . '', 
  first , you 're not , second , you might not be able to , and third , so can we . 
  trust me , there is no deeper hatred for the eurogroup and the esm , than from those who are pro-eu . 
  we should n't have ever let it become an intergovernmental organization . 
  a historical mistake that we 're now closer to correcting . 
  and if we started at that at day 1 , things could have gone a lot better . 
  believe it or not , the very idea that the council would n't extend the negotiations past the 2 years would have been unthinkable . 
  so would have the idea of not managing some sort of passporting deal once the single market was locked in . 
  the eu and national governments are dominated by those working to maintain yesterday 's status quo to the point of self-harm . 
  but the rhetorical attacks and siege mentality came straight out from the start , and have not eased up . 
  in many ways , the uk has set a sour tune for the rest of the negotiation , all to appease a certain domestic demographic and look though . 
  honestly , the same reasoning was used during the scottish referendum , and was seen as reasonable to the british public . 
  after seperation , the union has no responsibility to act in the benefit of the leaving member . 
  it was one of the reasons for not allowing them the pound , and not making any promises about maintaining a free border . 
  how is it any different now that you 're hearing it said to you ? 
  did n't know about this . 
  but had a look at the citizen 's initiative proposal system and their api before , same issues . 
  i ca n't help thinking there is some way to help organize and fix this mess . 
  well then , you 've put your own government in a hard position . 
  good job . 
  but again , hardly our fault , and not really our problem . 
  hard brexit is hard , feel in control yet ? 
   any choice other than hard brexit is totally out of our control and reliant on the goodwill of the eu and therefore a weak position to be in . 
  well here you are , hard brexit and what are we seeing ? 
  `` i hope the eu does n't do x , y , or z '' . 
  you 're still on the goodwill rope . 
  you are , in fact , even more reliant on it since the `` rules and regulations '' rope was cut off . 
  you had a choice , you just choose poorly . 
  well , then , may walked away from a deal that could have seen everything go smoothly for everyone . 
  not us . 
  the choice has been made , repeatedly in fact , while everyone else is waiting for the art 50 declaration . 
  what follows is merely the logical progression of events from that point forward . 
  you are open to having your demands being met , or else . 
  you are open to sabotaging the common regulatory framework in europe , and blaming everyone else for not running around trying to fix it . 
  britain , has set itself to become a gangster economy . 
  `` who me gub ? 
  i just be becoming competitive . 
  mighty fine economy you got there , shame if something happened to it . 
  come talk to me , i 'm open for business , if you get my meaning . '', 
  as of now , before negotiations have even begun , britain has abandoned seeking single market status , regulatory oversight , ecj primacy and even euratom membership . 
  on top of it , it has threatened to start a tax war . 
  the uk is clearly not open for business . 
  or at least , not with the eu . 
   really hope the eu does n't pursue this route newsflash : people who fire first shot would prefer if no-one shot back . 
  one has to wonder how much honour there is among those horse thieves . 
  one of the things i 've learned about talking to you danes on today , is that you ca n't have a conversation without it being pointed out how denmark is either a net contributor , or the its corruption index ranking . 
  i try to point out the hypocrisy of your position , and you take it as some sort of half-assed slander against your communal angelic reputation . 
  is it truly possible to work to create a fairer union , where some think themselves innately more worthy of respect than others ? 
  we are bending the rule of law and the consistency of the system to allow you to not become a criminal black hole in the schengen area , and to allow your government to save face from your asinine referendum . how gracious of you to accept it . 
  i 'd rather you have another referendum , and not bother us with your entitled exceptionalism . 
  is that how you run things in denmark ? 
  whenever someone rich has a problem , the government gives them special treatment ? 
  do you also offer `` tax deal '' , because of how important they are ? 
   i honestly ca n't fathom how greece is still in the eu and eurozone . 
  no greek government has managed to think of a way to return to the drachma and devalue without getting shot in the streets the next day . 
  look at venezuela and argentina as examples where the government decided to go all out on the non-sense anti-euro nitwits are talking about . 
  see , anti-eu sentiment simply for being here , and you all signing a bunch of treaties . 
  i am very much for the swiss to listen to their constituency or have another referendum . 
  same for the danes . 
  we can not keep getting blamed because your governments are incompetent , and your delusional unwillingness to deal with that . 
  no , it does n't . 
  you have no idea how sick the institutional framework of the eu is . 
  not only does council micromanage geopolitics from 1-day summits every few months , but there is a cancer spreading through the institutions in the form of the collegiate system .
