  likely meaning the original treaties of establishing the eu . 
  it does not say : `` all financial obligations that the country has signed up to shall suddenly disappear because it does n't want to pay them anymore '' . 
  and it does not say `` negotiations will not involve the continued payment of those obligations '' . 
  of course you can let the negotiations fail , be kicked out and then argue that your interpretation is correct as you pay not a penny of what is owed , in fact i hope you do since it washes our hands of any responsibility to the uk . 
  you keep reading what you want to read and forcing it to mean what you want it to mean . 
  bloody well hope no one ever signed a written contract with you , they 'd likely be cheated . 
  the uk can expect continued funding and support for the agreed on projects , both international and in the uk . 
  this is based on contractual obligation . 
  the `` share of assets '' is about redistribution of assets/debt which we have no interest in engaging in , since there honestly is very little of both , it sets a bad precedent , and we have no obligation written or otherwise to start parting things out . 
  in short : you keep thinking this is a transactionary deal where you can ask something in return . 
  this is n't as anybody who has found himself in breach of contract knows . 
  this is the price of a surprise backtracking on pre-determined obligations . 
  ... i missed the word for spoon , ugh . 
  well , thanks for the correction . 
   edit : wait , why does the woodenspoon restaurant have a wooden fork as a sign . 
  what kind of mind games are they playing ? 
  murphy 's law : anything that can go wrong , will go wrong . 
  institutionally , we 're still in the same place we were in 2008 : the answer is n't more europe , let 's just wait and hope . 
  we 'll be in pain the moment america , russia and now turkey decide they have a score to settle . 
  we still ca n't be sure there will be much of an eu in 5 years . 
  it 's only been a few months of fairly ok progress , and that 's because the world has mostly left us alone . 
  immediate attempt : restaurant by the trees ? 
  is that right ? 
  while i have doubts over it 's authenticity , the truth of it stings . 
  ukraine showed every country around us that if they have to choose between us and anyone else , they should not choose us . 
  we will not protect them , we will not help them , side with us and you will be punished . 
  i think i get [ where you are heading with this ] ( https://i.redd.it/ff8vdpo3420z.jpg ) . 
  and trump/bannons , the five star movement , le pen , wilders and every other suited clown playing at anti-establishment politics . 
  the future facsists of today do n't consider themselves facsist . 
  they just rule their parties using a strong personality , promising people everything they want , while having a tendency to not tolerate dissent or contradiction in the ranks . 
  it might not even occur to them or the party , historical memory being what it is , what they look and act like . 
  we need to prepare for this new stage in political developments , while at the same time being cautious of the many centrist parties who are too accommodating to the status quo to plan out a proper evolution of our nations . 
  ideology can no longer be our guide in this . 
  i mean , sign of my ignorance , but how many people from the old party actually stuck around for 27 years at the very edge of politics ? 
  nope , just beginning . 
  because right and left wing never really made sense outside of the historical context of the mid-20th century . 
  i think the rest of europe is starting to look like the current romanian political system : no classic ideology , just people and their support networks . 
  there will still be issues and interests , but it 'll be far more mixed and not neatly encompassed on the classic spectrum . 
  in this environment what we consider `` rightwing nationalists '' , become the opportunistic authoritarian demagogues , similar to the first movement in the early 20th century of what would eventually become fascist states . 
  they 'll embrace the lowest common denominator viewpoint on every aspect , even contradict themselves , to gain into power . 
  it has been 27 years since the fall of the wall . 
  admittedly the left 's original 20th century socialist ideology is no longer current with the subtle change in manufacturing and capital as can be seen by them floundering in europe . 
  but i do n't think their history is worth bringing up anymore . 
  time for the 3rd empire ? 
  calling it now : they 'll bottle it and then act like they did us a favour . 
  all that 's lacking is a way to justify it . 
  the entire eu apparatus is so prone to compromise that it 's a bit of a favour machine . 
  you guys are projecting again . 
  it 's become a worrying habit . 
  there is actually a signing ceremony for the mff . 
  somewhere out there , there is a spending commitment with cameron 's name on it . 
  it 's done that way because the mff has been seen as an intergovernmental promise to the eu to fund it , with the specific plan set out early in the budget . 
  now , you might argue that after leaving the eu that commitment no longer applies to you . 
  and then we 'll have to take it to court , hard as that is internationally , and if we ca n't argue the legality , then we 'll argue the damages involved from what is essentially a unilateral separation done against the spirit of negotiations set out in those treaties . 
  which is fine by me , because it 's about time we learned how to get our pound of flesh in international relations . 
  so , come on if you think you 're hard enough . 
  only if you 're thinking like a businessman and think it 's all about the money . 
  but we 're a union , a political and legal one . 
  and this is a precedent , one that will be remember at least for living history . 
  whatever happens now matters . 
  if the uk came out in more friendly tones , it would have looked like an amicable separation , and we could have argued a sort of exception being made out of deference to the `` status quo '' worship of the older political generation on the continent . 
  but they came guns blazing , and any concessions asked will be asked by anyone else who think it 's their time to jump ship . 
  and we are not a charity , nor are we here to make a buck . 
  we 're here to stay . 
  this is so weird . 
  it 's like the end of an era . 
   tbf , is n't the eu demanding that the uk gives concessions like committing to pay huge amounts with no guarantee of anything in return ? 
  i really do n't want to waste my time on this bullshit , but the long and short of it is : singing binding contracts is inconvenient , deal with it . 
  the maff was a binding contract . 
  the eu will continue to pay whatever uk projects it decided to fund , and the uk will continue to pay whatever it promised to pay , and together with what remains of the european investment bank and pension we get to have a bit of stability over the next few years , as planned by that contract . 
  there are many local councils , ngo 's and research groups in the uk which would be glad this is happening as well as the people who depend on them . 
   from may 's perspective , she likely could n't push such a commitment through parliament even if she for some reason wanted to . 
  yeah , i get it . 
  changing your mind mid-way through implementing an obligation stings . 
  you have none of my sympathies . 
  next time do n't make promises you have no intentions to keep . 
  honestly i doubt it . 
  corbyn had the privilege of coming second to one of the worst campaign in modern history , run by a leader who shied away from media and debates , during several terrorist attacks under a `` law and order '' government accusing him of being weak . 
  if there 's a new election , they 'll simply change leaders to someone more likable , and he 'll get to come in second again . 
  do the 19 openly gay conservatives value their careers ? 
  because if they do they 'll shut up and toe the party line . 
  the only gay conservative in the whole uk who has anything to fear is ruth davidson . 
  anybody else can try to fly under the radar , but she 'll be grilled over it in full searing heat . 
  now is the time to see just how much the scottish conservatives like ruth davidson . 
  optimally i 'd like our eea to stretch just short of the volga river and caspian sea , and across most of north africa . 
  partly out of economic and security consideration , and partly out of tradition and whimsy . 
  how much of that would be eu proper and how much is eea-only depends on a lot of factors . 
  as a person , he 's alright . 
  besides going to whatever edgy leftist rally were standard in his youth , which paints him as a bit too willing to follow . 
  he 'd make a good community leader or local bureaucrat . 
  there are 0 skeletons in his closet as far as i can see , pretty boring individual overall . 
  ideologically , as i said above he went to every edgy leftist meeting , but then he never grew up out of them . 
  he 's still stuck with the garbage they were putting out in the 70 's , to the point of dogma . 
  he 's an ideological fossil , which wins you the nostalgia vote but nostalgia does n't put food on the table , and neither did 1970 's labour . 
  he is essentially not a leader though , and especially not of the broken idiosyncratic party labour is . 
  labour collects the `` pc progressives '' , the socialist leftists , the working class unionists , the opportunistic careerist entryists , and anybody who 's not heartless enough to be a tory but not stupid enough to be a lib-dem . 
  all under one roof because fptp and tradition . 
  a leader either needs to represent all of those sides , or keep them all in line . 
  corbyn does neither , he 's ok with letting them do whatever , which means split apart , betray each other and try taking him down . 
  a year ago i saw a momentum ( pro-corbyn labour branch ) meeting which had other far leftists accuse them of `` monopolizing the left '' by organizing behind corbyn .
