  this means becoming , at the very least , more like the swiss confederation if nothing else . 
   a european alliance is good in my opinion . 
  the issue is that loose alliances pretty much always fail to internal squabbling or further strengthen into a more cohesive whole . 
  the achaen league tried to keep a loose alliance and got crushed . 
  the german principates weakend the hre until it became the chessboard of europe until united in the 19th century . 
  even the lessons of the feudal liberties the szlachta of poland and magnates of hungary , who feared strong leaders and prefered full autonomy can serve a lesson as they both created weak states that lead poland falling to russia and hungary to the ottomans . 
  there is a balance to be struck here , but i do n't think it 's on the loose alliance side of the spectrum . 
   united states of europa federal europe , please . 
  or confoederatio europea . 
  no need to bring americanisms into this . 
   i 'm irish , pro-eu and think that for such a culturally diverse landmass we have more in common together then we do apart . 
  we are united by history and culture . 
  i think we are even more united by a common future than by history , although our many historical links are important . 
  we are as of now the most stable region in the world for a reason . 
  there are regions that are more linguistically , culturally , and religiously homogeneous , as well as having closer historical links and still only manage to focus on petty grudges and constant power plays . 
  we are able to look beyond that . 
  call it education , call it the effects of the enlightment , but when we europeans talk then definitely seem to get more done than the utter chaos that passes for the rest of the world . 
  that 's something worth building on . 
   right in the article buddy . 
  not clear at all . 
  believe everything you read , then ? 
  read this : http://www.reuters.com/article/us-bae-systems-southkorea-iduskbn0ii01u20141029 edit : to simplify things : the us air force nudge the price up by adding `` risk reserves '' costs at the last minute , as a contingency for cost overruns , despite bae saying it can work in existing costs . 
  not dodgy at all , no , of course not . 
   to introduce the dreaded brussels bureaucracy instead . 
  what brussels bureaucracy can i ask ? 
  outside the dreaded uk newspapers , i have n't actually come across it . 
  especially since it seems it has less bureaucrats than a small town council : https://fullfact.org/europe/eu-debate-does-brussels-employ-fewer-bureaucrats-derbyshire/, 
  there 's a handful of countries doing f35s , the biggest of which ( level 1 partner ) is the uk , who are also massive supporters of the 2 % limits . 
  if someone points out their massive f35 orders from a partnership , that 's where my head jumps . 
  and it was clearly not south korea that canceled the contract . 
  the contract was fine until they made it to the us committee . 
  us requisition is notoriously political , and bae just does n't have the influence in washington the home grown companies have . 
  let me guess , the uk ? 
  well , remember then to [ know your place ] ( https://www.flightglobal.com/news/articles/south-korea-kills-bae-systems-f-16-upgrade-programm-405695/ ) , especially since a certain president wants to bring jobs back to his country . 
   what 1/27 plane are you talking about exactly ? 
  it 's a metaphor . 
  a figure of speech . 
  would you have preferred a carrier or an armoured division instead ? 
  and good on you , you just funded the us arms industry , largely subsidized by its military-industrial complex while europe 's looses out due to small and sporadic orders . 
  bloody grand future you 're helping build . 
  grand , so all we all have to do is give veterans bigger pensions and that will ensure the security of europe . 
  the 2 % requirement is a joke . 
  [ heh , right . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/mod-accused-of-using-creative-accounting-to-meet-nato-commitment-on-defence-spending-a6993526.html ), 
   he has a point , they only want an eu army because they do n't want to spend more , what good will come from a cooperation that is initiated by the reluctance to spend a dime . 
  if everyone has enough money to buy 1/27 of an airplane , but does n't manage it together , then what 's the point ? 
  why keep buying second/third hand crap , and maintaining 30 year old equipment just so you can match some arbitrary number ? 
  that 's not security , that 's just throwing money into the fire . 
  the `` spend more '' side does n't have an actual goal . 
  it 's just an appeasing tactic to please the americans . 
  there was nothing shock therapy did that gradual reform could n't have achieved like it did in china . 
  and the ussr would have not been ready for it until cheap high-speed trains were invented , the russian infrastucture simply is n't there to supported that sort of market liberalism . 
  actually , i think `` shock therapy '' had a great deal to do with it . 
  that truly disenchanted everyone of the new world order . 
  the 80s neocons pretty much set the future to fail to be honest . 
  there used to be that brief moment in the 90s when it looked like the world was changing and a new age of prosperity was on the edge of happening . 
   no , i think that if members want a different level , they need to actually bring up 1.8 % or whatever and argue for that level being sufficient . 
  `` agree and ignore '' is n't a good route . 
  i think that the percent here is reasonably clear and unambiguous , and no more gameable than most other measurements that i can think of . 
  you missunderstand . 
  there are many things that would be different under a more unitary system . 
  some examples : - common accounting standards and supervision . 
  no putting veteran pensions as defense spending , and every dime is overseen . 
  - common budget . 
  that means member states are n't free to spend that money buying extra expensive toilet paper from the local manufacturer . 
  - bang for buck - instead of each country having enough to buy an 1/8 of an airplane . 
  we can actually get the damn airplane . 
  these added system mean that we can actually ask for lower budgetary percentages , like 0.5 % or as you say 1.8 , and actually achieve more . 
  this is a pr win , especially since the agreement is democratic rather than dictated . 
  asking for 2 % , because it 's a nice neat number , does n't address the systematic insufficiency of the nato system , that leaves countries chronically dependent on us spending even at the best of times , while allowing them to abuse the system at the worst . 
  nato in other words , only really worked because of the reality of the military build up in the cold war . 
  with that threat gone , and without the democratic legitimacy of representative supervision like the eu , that means that a us president has to provide the threat himself , further hurting transatlantic relations . 
  for the good of everyone , the future is not in nato 's blind 2 % requirement . 
  but in a realistic , and de facto increase in security on the continent , that goes beyond achieving an arbitrary standard . 
  that is done through european unity , the 2 % is a redherring . 
  apparently it 's 'em barrassing ' for foreign ministers to meet together . 
  ca n't even organize an unofficial dinner without the british throwing a tantrum and storming out of the room . 
  if that 's how some see how to treat cooperation with allies , what else can be said ? 
  then why does n't he support nicola sturgeon ? 
  the 2 % floor for military budgets does not assure our security , it 's a joke . 
  2 % of nothing is nothing , and small countries are running on very little to begin with . 
  they 're only hope is to buy equipment second hand , and hope it does n't require any spare-parts that are out of production . 
  stop supporting the 2 % limit , it 's not realistic to expect anything to come of it other than making small countries poorer , and considering the accounting tricks the uk gets away with you ca n't ever know if that 2 % is legit . 
  if you want to support increased eu security and lower american spending here , it 's better to have an actual system of budgeting and requisition across the whole of the eu . 
  one that might take even less than that 2 % , and leverages across big contracts and shared equipment to give more actual bang for our buck . 
  it would be nice to have the agency move east , but considering that stockholm has the `` european centre for disease prevention and control '' , it makes sense to located the agency next to it to share competencies and experts . 
  now , that might mean stockholm itself , although putting it in one of the baltic capitals might be a better choice . 
  i like / u/taenk suggestion actually , giving romania the eppo instead would be a great boon and an extra bit of security in having the eppo stare at the country 's state day to day . 
  although , admittedly , it 's likely better placed organizationally next to the hague to be near eurojust . 
   why did the police allow the `` peaceful demonstration '' where people are carrying shields go ahead ? 
  um , nothing illegal against carrying shields . 
  in fact , every time i see protesters get watercannoned , i wonder why they did n't prepare in advance . 
  i know they have protest workshops ffs . 
   i really wish that cameron and merkel had been able to work something out . 
  would have been a very different political environment in europe today . 
  cameron and merkel working something out would have destroyed the union . 
  cameron painted himself into a corner with years of scapegoating , and breaching foundation treaties with intergovernmental support from germany would have relegated the eastern countries to second tier members . 
  not having to apply the deal that was made was a saving grace , not a mistake . 
  i think we should also look at extending support for the [ eac ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/east_african_community ) , [ caricom ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caribbean_community ) and [ mercosur ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mercosur ) . 
  a european future , requires a european model .
