  it 's britain so nothing that formal . 
  but direct rule at this point is pretty damn likely , and that means that ni will be ruled de-facto and dejure by a tory-dup coalition , with sf out . 
  to deny dup having an influence in ni policy and may operating as an unbiased caretaker is pretty damn daft at that point . 
  for sf to try to avoid this by going to stormont again , especially without bleeding dup and especially foster over her recent electoral loss with her resignation if not all their requested reform , would simply be insane on their part . 
  not because they want violence or anything like that , but because it pretty much destroys their credibility . 
  it would be validating the gfa despite the coalition , it would be validating what is essentially a history of dup money laundering and bribery , it would be throwing away their measly but only victory so far . 
  they might as well completely disband afterwards . 
  well , yes . 
  but by all accounts he should have been destroyed at the battle of dyrrhachium , and he nearly was . 
  having read through things again since that post , the lesson i took from caesar vs his various adversaries is that , aside from his personal abilities as a commander and politician , he could always trust his subordinates . 
  he gave them a lot of leeway but at the same time kept them successfully under thumb . 
  his opponents in contrast were usually coalitions of commanders or green armies . 
  their subordinates and allies would defect , retreat , attack and charge with little care or consistency . 
  i think caesar 's career says more about the need for the sort of trust and discipline we now associate with a modern western professional army . 
  you ca n't just recruit legions yesterday and expect them to act like veterans tomorrow . 
  a tent full of geniuses contradicting each other will command worse than one commander capable of taking advice but setting direction . 
  a subordinate who tends to chase anything shown to him is worth far less than one capable of keeping discipline . 
  really small things that have since become standard practice and actually formed the basis of napoleonic reforms . 
   i hope the good people of northern ireland do n't let that happen . 
  yes , i 'm aware that their politics is a bit shit . 
  they literally have no choice . 
  sf going to stormont right now would be the equivalent of shooting themselves in the head right after singing god save the queen . 
  it would be a tacit complicity in the farce that has just occured . 
  suit yourself , but i think you 're on your way to finding a double standard in your future . 
  what goes for the dup wo n't go for the likes of plaid cymru or snp . 
  the dup are willing to do a lot of nasty thing , but they do it for britain ( and themselves but that 's ok ) . 
  soon enough you 'll have dup and tories ruling over ni directly , and i have no doubt that we will see a whole new industrial sized media-wave of excuses and exceptionalism for why that 's perfectly right and fair . 
  well think about it . 
  a ) independence is pretty much dead . 
  it 's now a scarier option than it was before , and scots are easily feard . 
  b ) if you vote snp , everytime they try to go into coalition and ask for anything , the media calls them anti-english subsidy junkies and anyone dealing with them weak and willing to support seperatists . 
  c ) if you vote for labour or tory , like they did for ruth davidson , you guys get nothing . 
  you 're already bought in , why should they give you anything . 
  ruth davidson delivered her seats , good girl , now fuck off . 
  so the only real option of not being continuously ignored if not outright punished by westminster is to vote dup . 
  they can ask for a whole billion pounds and everyone is perfectly ok with it . 
  the snp ca n't do that . 
  why support the snp ? 
  it 's clear that the only way forward for scotland is if people start voting dup . 
   i 'm not suggesting hundreds of years , but if you move too quickly you overreach , alienate member states and suddenly the entire thing becomes fragile and at risk for no reason other than impatience and ideology purity . 
  getting shit done is not a matter of impatience or ideology . 
  and there 's a reason why democracies involve simple majorities and not unanimity , and it has nothing to do with ideological purity and everything to do with `` ca n't please everyone all the time '' . 
   european federalists do n't seem to have taken the uk leaving as a suggestion that things maybe were n't on track . 
  it 's almost become a personal slight , the mentality seems to be `` huh , the uk is gone , well we sort of miss them but also fuck those guys now we can double and triple down on what we were doing before , hooray '' . 
  i 've lived in the uk . 
  the `` suggestions '' were generally `` be more like efta '' and `` less europoors please '' . 
  everyone is free to join efta , you are free to join efta , but we are not efta as confusing as this might be for all of you and we 're never going to be efta . 
  because only rich countries actually benefit from efta , and not even by that much , which is why you left it . 
  as for all the europoor comments ... eh . 
   i just do n't want to see all of the sensible and logical communal work we have together jeopardised by a bunch of old ideologues that care more about forging a `` use '' than representing the public . 
  i 'm really glad you 're leaving . 
  you guys have zero clue what is happening in the continent . 
  `` old unrepresentative ideologues forging a use '' , it 's like a daily mail article . 
  edit : [ this ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/romanian-anti-government-protesters-form-eu-flag-at-rally/ ) is romania . 
  and [ this ] ( http://affinitymagazine.us/2017/04/09/pulse-of-europe-the-pro-eu-movement/ ) is germany . 
  and [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j2ey1fjhsws ) is france . 
  and this is me telling you to stop eating your cereal , and start paying attention . 
  i 'm a firm believer in state rights , and do n't believe in getting rid of the national armies . 
  i even believe the eu never has a right to impose conscription or draft and only national governments can do that . 
  because it 's important that all the powers are balanced . 
  i do not presume to eradicate the french army itself . 
  and i believe that just like now , france has a right to do things on it 's own . 
  and just like now it has a right to ask for help when things get heated , like in mali . 
  i just wish for everything to be done in an orderly manner through the eu . 
  so if france does get above itself , and it has a good argument for everyone helping , and 50 % or 65 % or 100 % of members agree ( depending on setup ) , then it gets the sort of equipment that america gets . 
  and if it gets attacked anywhere , then it gets automatic support from us , since we except automatic support from it . 
  of course , if the french government did pick a fight it ca n't win or argue for sufficiently , then it has to go and get help of individual members or do it alone ultimately carries responsibility for an aggressive action . 
  i think you 'd find these principles fair , since they 're not dissimilar to the current setup , but it introduces a new power dynamic where it no longer needs to ask america for help like it did in libya . 
  and neither do we . 
  we just need to convince each other , and we know each other since we talk on a daily basis . 
   so basically it 'd be giving you a lot of stuff . 
  and in return we give cheaper manufacturing for french components and a more extensive defensive market for french products . 
  we all buy more of the same stuff because of that , we all get richer and have more jobs . 
  interdependence works for everyone , but yes we do gain a lot from it as small countries . 
   not to be rude , but this describes the us and france as well ... obviously france to a much lesser extent than the us , but the whole libya thing was basically all us . 
  i mean , i 'll be honest you guys need to tone some stuff down , but unlike the us and russia we know who you are . 
  although , i must admit i wish we could have forced out a more cogent argument for striking libya if not outright blocked it . 
  i still think it was sarkozy 's way of hiding his relationship with qaddafi . 
   hat does n't change the fact that is has done it 's job exceedingly well up to this point . 
  nato has never really been tested . 
  and i really hope it never is . 
  it 's too much the paper tiger on the continent , too much us driven outside of it . 
  actually since airbus has come out as a great success as a non - `` juste retour '' project , the whole supply chain issue i think is falling outside of the franco-german conversation . 
  the esa is also planning to abandon it in favor of free contracts and kant ( the new mobile armour joint project ) seems to not have it included either as it follows the airbus model . 
  i think it 's everyone else outside of the franco-german ( and benelux ) axis that still believe in trying to divvy up the supply chain at this point , they 've only just joined so have none of the institutional burn experience form the frigate and fighter projects . 
  if you do n't mind , i 'll respond to these in reverse sequence , so the biggest rant goes last . 
   i 'm capable about worrying about the actual tangible threat that affects my daily life , rather than indulging the neverending paranoia that russia is going to be marching through bucharest and kiev . 
  russia has engaged in invasions , political infiltration , media manipulation , hacking and supporting armed insurgents . 
  their limited by their abilities and opportunities , not will . 
  it 's not paranoia to assume that given the opportunity , they 'll seize it at this point . 
   as a frenchman , this whole one army fantasy would basically rest on our shoulders . 
  and we get literally nothing out of it , it would be a 100 % give relationship for us . 
  you 're utterly wrong . 
  right now , the greatest weight does in fact rest on french shoulders . 
  you guys have the best equipment , the most experience , and the biggest nuclear armament in the eu , and considering the uk 's one likely the only one independent from the us . 
  if the situation continues like this you will be asked to bear the brunt of the responsibility the same way america has been everywhere else . 
  i ask for us to start sharing resources so you do n't have to be alone , and we do n't have to be under-supplied . 
  we all add 1 % to a common pot , we establish a volunteer system , and instead of the french carrying the brunt of the load it will be everyone else . 
  it romania , bulgaria and everyone one else who will be paying their share of the bullets , the transport , the missiles , the fuel . 
  we 'd technically own a percentage of everything , but we also fight along side you at a time when recruitment numbers in the west are low .
