  the entire sector is built on ` fuck up ' to some degree . 
  why comrade , do you take offence to the good news that economic quotas have been fulfilled ? 
  do you doubt the people 's vision ? 
  your lack of faith has been noted by gchq . 
   i 'll get a job in robot maintenance . 
  or design . 
  or modelling . 
  or i 'll educate the robot makers automating maintenance is one of the goals . 
  design and modelling jobs have been hit hard by software improvement . 
  you 're not going to find any safety in this side of the profession , an engineer is by nature someone working to put himself out of a job . 
   or get one of te jobs robots will never be allowed -- like child-care i actually think you 'll find the opposite . 
  i do n't think you realize how much distrust the `` human element '' causes . 
  you 're likely too see more child care automation in individual households , as parents use new systems rather than delegate their task to another individual spreading their attention over two dozen kids . 
  the subtext was that the article should be specifically targeted to the dutch audience , not that if made to read they would fail to understand it . 
  the response to the second industrial revolution was also militarism , putting the resulting unemployed and extra production into the armed forces . 
  we 've in many ways been here before . 
  but i do n't think we can hope for consumerism to save us again . 
  we 've actually had a similar situation with the grain dole in rome . 
  the results were somewhat depressing . 
   written in text everything is an interpretation well , i see british humour went the same way as british pragmatism . 
  my condolences . 
   but obviously your trying to negatively spin this as usual . 
  many romanians on this sub generalise the actions of the uk and then complain people stereotype them as gypsies ; the irony ca n't you take a bloody joke ? 
  they lack optimism in the new regime , they must be purged . 
  you might want to translate that into dutch . 
   it 's not in line with the rule of law for them to go against the separation of power which is written into the constitution , and that 's what they are doing at multiple occasions , from ignoring the verdicts of the constitutional court to the minister of justice threatening judges . 
  they actually went rolled back a previous reform , and made the state prosecutor be the same person as the ministry of justice , claiming it increases justice independence . 
  the amount of audacity is jaw-dropping . 
  source : http://www.warsawvoice.pl/wvpage/pages/article.php/34735/news, 
  romania does n't really do left/right . 
  it does n't really do ideology in general . 
  the social democratic party are a boy 's club of populists , promising whatever the average person wants to hear , that 's their shtick . 
  the `` left '' component is simply window dressing . 
  alde is actually a one-man personality party floating on name recognition . 
  the `` liberal '' part is also window dressing . 
  pnl , the opposition , is actually new rich business owners and upper-middle class which try court companies the best they can . 
  left/right , progressive/conservative . 
  none of these matter , it 's all personalities , influence networks , and vote grabbing . 
   mate , our cost of living grew 42 % to a 7 % wage increase . 
  euro sunk our quality of life . 
  tips from a country that has had historical inflation problems : when you inflate currency the salaries go down , and the prices rise where they can . 
  that 's what a `` weaker currency '' does , it stagnates salaries and allows everything else to rise to the level of what the market can take . 
  romania 's prices are n't actually all that different from the west because of this . 
  you 've achieved under the euro what you want to achieve outside of it . 
   even with tourism in a all time high , other industries doing well and government increasing spending ( with god knows what consequences in the long run . . ) we have a negligible growth . 
  that like saying 1 +1 = 3 , something does n't add up . 
  i personally ca n't tell you what , but people are n't apparently using their money . 
  just fyi , we are trying to devalue the euro . 
  the aim is to get a 2 % inflation rate , and the ecb has been trying . 
  the german bundesrat actually questioned mario draghi that he was pushing for it so hard , and they were n't happy with his low interest rates . 
  see : https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-09-28/draghi-defends-ecb-policy-in-speech-to-german-critics-in-berlin and if you think you can try to compete in europe by simply lowering salaries and prices , please come visit eastern europe and see what you have to compete with . 
  you 're asking for a total reduction of your quality of life so that you can match our growth even a little . 
  there is a future for portugal , but it is n't in becoming the china of europe . 
  i know , but they 'll whinge something nasty if you do n't allow them to post their `` good news everyone '' articles so just let it be . 
  if you 're going to turn the currency into a policy tool , you 're going back in time to when every other government was playing around it , with no end it sight . 
  you can argue that the pound is `` too strong '' for newcastle , so on and so forth . 
  the german mark and the swiss franc have had a policy of non interference and have been both the best performing currencies and economies on the continent . 
  the only time the swiss franc did an unexpected devaluation , is when people started buying up swiss francs fearing devaluation and lack of good investments everywhere else . 
  and , when i was young , the only currency in the world was the dollar and everyone else was pegged to it . 
  friends and family striked to get their salaries denominated in dollars . 
  that is the reality of the world that people have forgotten , that the currency that people want is one that they can rely on . 
  hopefully someone gives a far better explanation , but here is my try : the ecb is generally tasked with currency stability , this is to help planning and confidence . 
  because of human behaviour , that stability is meant to tend towards steady inflation ( pricing rising , value of money going down ) so that hoarding of cash is prevented and people are incetivized to keep putting their money into the economy . 
  the ecb tries to increase this inflationary pressure by improving conditions for borrowing in the market , the modern version of `` printing money '' . 
  up until recently this has , frustratingly enough , not happened keeping inflation low . 
  the fact that this is happening now , means that there 's a lot of confidence in lenders giving money out , and this in turn slowly devalues the euro , which in turn makes people and companies with large cash reserve consider putting their money into assets and services that maintain or add value rather than letting sit . 
  actually inflation is good for us . 
  we 're supposed to be on an annual 2 % and the ecb has been hitting their head against the wall trying to get it there . 
  but is it the euro , or is it something else ? 
  all control over your currency does is give you the power to undermine savings and salaries , and try to compete with countries on cheap labour . 
  is that the economic strategy portugal wants ? 
  or is the euro simply a easy scapegoat for more intrinsic problems that need fixing ? 
  then what 's the point of having your own currency if your bank does what the ecb does and simply manages inflation ? 
  a `` weaker currency '' means a fast devaluation of , to use a historical phrase , [ the pound in your pocket ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/onthisday/hi/dates/stories/november/19/newsid_3208000/3208396.stm?first=17 ) . 
  your salary is then worth less , your savings are worth less , and now you 've `` become competative '' by becoming cheaper labour . 
  you do realize you 're asking for the right of your politicians to unilaterally give you a pay-cut every time they feel the economy is n't doing well ? 
  multilingual euro-thriller series ? 
  yup , sign me up . 
  but someone should tell kpn to actually put a modicum of effort and create a web presence outside its dutch niche . 
  no subtitles on the trailer , no wikipedia page to check in any language , i do n't even know if i can watch it let alone how . 
  security theatres are cheaper , and more effective on public perception than actual solutions . 
  the actual solutions involve changes to the diplomatic and security apparatuses . 
  technical stuff , that does n't really effect the common person so people think it 's not being done . 
  so inconvenience is needed to get that `` doing something '' feeling that a click-bait news reading public yearns for . 
   the issue with the euro is widely-disparate economies ... 
  the issue with the euro is that governments can no longer give stealth pay cuts like they used to . 
  usually to minimize the damage of `` putting money in your pocket '' policies . 
  the resulting instability of this trend was also why central bank independence became a thing by the end of the 20th century . 
  actually it 's the best for le pen and her ilk . 
  they get to give the illusion that panders to their petty electorate , while not actually hurting the economy that much . 
  i do n't know if people actually remember this , but the euro was actually supported by the french in the wake of german economic domination and the rise of the mark , thinking that it 's the currency that made germany so competitive . 
  apparently it was n't the currency . 
  the uk was at the time undergoing a recession , that 's what it suffered from . 
  the economic health of a country does not , despite many claim , revolve around it 's currency . 
  the uk alone has tried various form of devaluation and manipulation of it 's currency thinking it did , experiments which largely did nothing to fix inherent weaknesses in the economy . 
  spain has seen better economic growth than the uk for the past 2 years , is that also because of the currency ? 
  does every country doing well in the eurozone not count , because it does n't fit into the narrative that decades of poor management can not be fixed in a few years ? 
   and why do you think they decided to opt out , just on hunch ? 
  [ murdoch ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-18405629 ) . 
  a year after , he turned his paper against the conservatives and supported labour .
