  enjoy your scapegoat , you won . 
  try not to have any more [ riots ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/sep/19/violence-glasgow-scotland-loyalists-attack-independence-supporters ) or [ kill any more politicians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/murder_of_jo_cox ) now . 
  i 'm sorry but you ca n't have the bbc reporting [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enrddaf3uss ) , when there is footage of [ what actually happened ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=67&amp;v=rhmlb-ribrm ) , and then say the bbc was impartial . 
  as for a couple of years outside the eu , i do n't think you or anyone in the uk ever really understood the eu . 
  they hate disruption , they would have bent over for the uk if the weeks following the brexit referendum was n't filled with so much chaos and acrimony . 
  there would have been no real `` outside '' period , it would have been an insane decision to impose it . 
  but whatever , i 've accepted that scotland is now `` cereal-eater '' country . 
  have since moved on . 
  honestly , it 's tiring . 
  the understanding of politics in scotland south of the border is a complete sham , and you have english users here giving their 2 cents as if it was fact . 
  and they are a lot of them , flanked by the local unionists who despise the independence movement with bile and vigor . 
  there was absolutely no pro-independence media in the uk during the referendum , and in scotland only the herald gave it support . 
  the bbc 's nick robinson was actually caught editing out snp press releases of the answers to questions , to make it look like their were n't answering . 
  it 's a similar situation to the eu : the narrative is so firmly settled against it on such an institutional level that `` bendy banana '' news is taken as fact by even `` respectable '' media outlets . 
   in 2014 the only way scotland could have guaranteed eu membership was by staying part of the uk . 
  you just ca n't stop making things up . 
  in 2014 , the media tried and succeeded the scots this was the case . 
  anybody who actually traveled outside the island , and knew the eu , knew how much bullshit that was . 
  scotland eu membership was never in question , the transition time was . 
  and you 're going to shrug off every year that scotland suffers now until forever because those lies worked , maybe blame it on the snp who tried to not follow the rest of the uk into isolation . 
  i was in scotland during the referendum . 
  he 's lying . 
  a lot of the economic situation revolved around the ability of scotland to continue to trade with the eu and the uk as part of the common market . 
  the media made a big thing around borders and companies moving due to them leaving the eu . 
  the only thing that matched the eu question for media time was the currency question . 
  this is trying to rewrite history and reality , something that happens way to often . 
  i think worryingly enough , it 's deeper than that . 
  i think after the mszp leak , he caught on to what putin and erdogan caught on earlier , although i struggle to put it in words . 
  he is , at least in his head , fighting and winning political battles by using tactics that you now see rutte in the netherlands using , and this is simply another logical progression of that methodology . 
  he is creating enemies , and shadowboxing them , while giving people domestic stability and national pride . 
  he genuinely thinks , much like erdogan and putin likely think , that he is preventing a take over by actual extremists while continuously empowering their narratives . 
  that without him , jobbik or the corrupt mszp would take over , even as his own power grows corrupt and authoritarian . 
  he is probably right , he is as of now the lesser evil , although he is doing nothing to improve the situation . 
  it 's actually quite scary to consider what happens when any of these madmen die . 
  what other comparison do you think can be made ? 
  i do n't think this sort of attack advertising has been shown in europe in recent history , outside of the theatrical release of starship troopers . 
  the only things that come close is old black and white movies warning about the hun/communists/whoever . 
  right , because this is a union where members ca n't leave at their own will . 
  in fact , considering the amount of money poured in , many might be quite happy with that . 
  the level of mental acrobatic to create parallels to the russian hegemony of the cold war is always impressive , but from those of us that actually have reason to fear it returning , more than a bit insulting . 
  i agree . 
  and now that it is , the eu should take the status of guarantor from greece , who 's been responsible for a series of diplomatic gaffs during negotiations as them and turkey use the island as a chip for their own internal politics . 
  we 're , as usual , half-assing everything . 
  it 's a metaphore , but you can win by not letting fidesz pick its battles . 
  this is admittedly something that needs to be done domestically . 
  and something that voting ketfarku kutya part is n't going to do . 
  unfortunately , because of the extent of fidesz influence and the influence of right-wing owners like lajos simicska , this makes the metaphor apt from a liberal perspective . 
  despite apparently having the support of godlike figure , george soros , those that want a different hungary either take pro-active effort in getting information and creating new platforms of opposition , or continue fading into the background . 
  national popularity . 
  as long as people talk about the things fidesz wants to talk about , they will keep winning . 
  fidesz needs the immigration crisis , soros and even the eu criticism . 
  it needs it because these are battles that it can win domestically . 
  we 've heard plenty about soros during the protests in bucharest . 
  a practically superhuman entity , that no one interacts with and is at fault for all evils brought to authoritarian governments . 
  also , he pays per dog :p . wonder who the boogeyman will be once he dies . 
  engineering/manufacturing is a completely different beast from it . 
  higher barriers of entry , longer contractual agreements , slower product turn-over , really niche specialization . 
  you can have one company that specializes in a metallurgical process , or a manufacturing/testing method , and that will be the company that does that world-wide . 
  if you loose the knowledge and equipment in that company , you 're not going to have a start-up in a year to replace it , and it might take another company years or a decade to rebuild that level of knowledge and ability . 
  tesla can be seen as pulling an entire section of knowledge and expertise off-the-market , maybe permanently . 
  i would n't be surprised if people are getting offers to jump ship . 
  it 's also a great enemy . 
  in romania we 've had the iron guard fighting the fascist government . 
  in egypt you had the muslim brotherhood . 
  in iran the shah and the clerics were at each other 's throat . 
  religion and secular authority in conservatives are two heads trying to control one body . 
  they both want an obedient traditional population , but they also both want to rule . 
  it 's 16th century feudal/clerical competition modernized . 
   but i do n't see what 's `` islamic '' about that . 
  a lot of `` clash of civilization '' people have a hard-on for trying to seperate erdogan from putin/orban in terms of authoritarianism . 
  in romania we had the antonescu government and the iron guard , so we have experience about the tensions between authoritarians and religious nuts , other 's do n't have that historical baggage so they find it easy to shove together for the sake of their world-narrative . 
  there are severe issues in cyprus which makes the `` giving back '' line obviously ignorant . 
  no one can give back anything , because cyprus is divided between two people who have a right to be there and are paranoid as fuck about each other . 
  cyprus did n't go through the population migrations like the balkans during the wars , and did n't do an exchange like turkey-greece , and so is paying the price for doing ethno-nationalist 60 years too late . 
  mission accomplished : eu-soros-immigration link created . 
  the epp and as a result the eu got outmaneuvered again , won the battle , and lost the war . 
   then i looked at uk - since obviously there was brexit so lets see how many people think that eu membership is a good thing ... to my amazement the figure was 49 % is n't that roughly the result of the referendum . 
  how is that skewed ? 
  [ / r/europe provided translation ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/639k7i/lets_stop_brussels_government_poster_in_hungary/dft07zs/ ) feel free to fill it out [ online . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/647xv5/lets_stop_brussels_questionnaire_can_also_be/ ), 
   idk , looks like that kind of tribalism flies perfectly well from what i can see in this thread . 
  the antagonism against the us company tesla and even musk personally is real . 
  i 'm german myself , but i 'm sickened by the hate mob and hostility to visionary technological progress that i 'm seeing here just because the company is perceived as a rival , not one of our own . 
  i 'm not german , do not currently work in germany , and i need no nationalistic reasoning to be distrustful . 
  this is a company whose internal operations are inspired from us corporate culture , and that 's not a culture that does long-term relationships . 
  not expecting skullduggery from them is self-defeating and not in the spirit they themselves are used to . 
  admitedly , as romanian companies seek better ties with german ones , there is a slight amount of localism involved in not wanting to see supply chains and expertise restructured outside the eu . 
   yet all the top posts in this sub contradict and ignore this completely , and marginalize both tesla 's push for renewable energy generation , storage and usage . 
  it 's really , really sad . 
  no , it 's the right attitude to take with messianic corporate figures . 
   and for the record , yes , / r/futurology is way over the top . 
  but people like to dream and to see things moving forward . 
  that 's the most human of things , and it 's what has driven society forward for hundreds of years . 
  this is how we get the `` grim meathook '' future . 
  if all we do is wait for the next corporate-sponsored tech fix to `` move things forward '' we 're only going to get disappointed . 
  we need to look at technology with a critical eye towards it 's integration into society and politics , not just a bunch of magic we can buy from the store . 
  because the moment we look at it in the later form , we give power to those with the most buying power . 
  the yankee-like optimism for the technological fix is simply unhealthy , immature and not even a natural component of this continent . 
  we 're the continent where 2000ad and metal hurlant painted pictures of a future where technology can be used against us and for us in equal amount . 
  let 's harmonize with that , and actually grow up from wanting magic and oracular visionaries to lead the way .
