  so , just like early-20th century falangism , strasserism , and the whole of italian fascism ? 
  this is europe , there is nothing new under the sun on this continent . 
  and the authoritarians picking up syncretic politics could likely be traced back further than the invention of writing . 
  so why is this now news to us ? 
   i 'll be fine with it , if the french army is fine with it . 
  professional armies usually really dislike conscription . 
  competes for funding , turns them into a baby-sitting organization , and gives them truck-loads of unknown quantities to deal with . 
  conscription in peace-time is usually done with socio-economic consideration , at best , and some sort of delusional `` teach them to love their country '' mentality at worst . 
  but it usually gets the job done in giving the state an excuse to pay young people a wage without making it seem like a handout . 
  for some people , it even provides the type of environment they do better in , in comparison with being left to their own devices . 
  this is often overplayed , but not completely untrue , although leads to institutionalization of veterans . 
   but if they think it 's a waste of time , and they feel like they 're just being used by the french government to show the people how tough macron is for the derailed youth , then i 'm not fine with it . 
  it is a professional organisation and environment , it should n't be used for playing games . 
  i do n't agree . 
  even if not the best tool , it 's still a tool . 
  if they model it on the israeli armies flexible service model ( sherut leumi ) , it might even provide larger social benefit . 
  it 's pretty obvious the one month is part of gradual re-institution , if the political capital becomes available to continue on that path . 
  conscription is actually a more complicated process than it seems . 
  not only in terms of housing and feeding , but with finding suitable training personnel that , at the very least , wo n't end up in some sort of abuse case in the future . 
   why punish all french youths when it 's just the immigrants and minorities causing all the recent trouble . 
  do n't care how politically incorrect that is because it 's correct in the true sense of the word . 
  i do n't think you understand any of this , tbh , judging by your knee-jerk reaction . 
  france has a youth unemployment problem . 
  france has a security problem . 
  and france has an assimilation problem . 
  open a history book on france , and how are all of this solved at the same time ? 
  conscription . 
  it 's a mechanism old as the nation of france itself , it practically made france . 
  not even 2 decades have passed since it was suspended . 
  now do the french people want this ? 
  who knows we 'll see . 
  edit : utterly unsurprised at the amount of british over-reaction here . 
  wait till they hear they have id cards in france , and the gendarmerie carries machine guns on patrol . 
   this equalization between ethnicity and state simply does n't work in central-eastern europe . 
  one day we should just have this wake-up call and just accept multilingualism , if not outright pluri-ethnicity , is part of the regional fabric . 
  not to say we should undermine the current nation-states . 
  but perhaps tend to a more french view of things , rather than german . 
  missed opportunity to put him under both and watch the subsequent rabid fighting and breakdowns . 
  as someone who just added two new signatures using a temporary email generator , google maps and a non-uk ip : nothing . 
  you 're right . 
  oops . 
   that 's democracy too . 
  farage and lepen get paid very well for this as well . 
  not actually democracy , but `` rule of law '' or maybe best called `` european legalism '' . 
  there have been democracies where such discrimination was allowed , as well as non-democratic states where such discrimination would n't be allowed . 
  the issue is you do n't need the entire country , you just need to influence a die-hard minority to support you . 
  and for russia that support does n't translate into pro-russian feeling necesarilly . 
  they seem more than happy to enact the diplomatic equivalent of a dos attack . 
  just keep creating conflicts until everyone is too overwhelmed . 
  sure , unless properly fermented and distilled . 
  tito : the first and only yuglosvlav ? 
  if i remember correctly meps have budget funds allocated for `` meeting with constituents '' , allowing them to fly people over and host them . 
  last chance to get over the channel . 
  7 years cut off the average life span says no , no you are n't . 
  but the german nationals get their money back , at the end of the tax year . 
  then there 's the friendly border guards . 
  nothing says `` welcome !, 
  '' , like a man in uniform scowling at you and questioning your motives for being in the country . 
  the issue is because of prior agreements we do n't vote by majority . 
  a lot of really important issues are done by unanimity . 
  or , could be done by majority , but everyone is too scared of amount of anti-eu spite that results from loosing a vote . 
  this combined with our unhealthy focus in the council means we are dysfunctional , nothing ever gets done . 
  disagree , completely . 
  our `` brand '' , our currency , as the eu before 2009 has been that we do n't need to blast media about how good and great it is . 
  even the national customs shied away from flag waving until recently . 
  dumping that for `` radio free europe '' is wasteful . 
  we need it rebuilt . 
  we need to `` just work '' again , without fanfare or non-sense . 
  and with that unassuming exterior , we can then properly supply the right leverage without anyone ever needing to know . 
  but that 's speculation and dreaming honestly . 
  we 've long past the point of competence in our institutions , collective or individual . 
  / r/the _ orangefarce is leaking again . 
   i 'm not saying sanction them because that 's the only thing we can do . 
  no situation is impossible least of all for europe which shares with the us the title of the biggest economy on earth , has half a billion people and some of the brightest minds out there . 
  you can have the finest pile of bricks known to man , but a pile of bricks do n't make a house . 
  all of that is `` paper tiger '' territory , statistics without ultimate meaning . 
  we are disorganized , divided , and unable to leverage any of the advantage we do have . 
  the only thing any of that has brought us , is an unearned sense of superiority and invulnerability . 
   we should be able to figure it out and from then on only our political structure is hurting the implementation . 
  `` the answer is n't more europe '' . 
  we wo n't , we 've got people dedicated to making sure we wo n't . 
  we ca n't argue `` we have to do something , this is something , so we have to do that '' though . 
  we simply do n't have the right tools to deal with turkey , or any resources . 
  we 're bankrupt , spent , and unarmed diplomatically . 
  we need something less than sanctions , but more than just cutting eu ties . 
  we need the sort of subtlety and planning that would allows us to coordinate with turkish opposition parties and remaining political organizations to exert concerted pressure . 
  but it 's impossible . 
  27 uncoordinated foreign policies are running around like clowns , fucking about 90 % of the time between themselves . 
  so no , i suggest we actually built up something we can use , before we start talking about what we 're supposed to do . 
  turkey is one symptom among many . 
  the instabiliy in the west balkans , the issues with ukraine , the governments of hungary and poland , brexit , even the successful geopolitical machinations of russia have one cause . 
  the eu not only does n't have any hard power , but it has lost all soft power . 
  we 're not people who are listened to , who are admired , or who have any say in things . 
  we 're the worlds idiots . 
  we have to fix that , before we start thinking about turkey . 
  while the hungarian government has a lot going against it , this is n't it . 
  ngo 's actually develop shipping container camps as well , because they 're cheap , easy and fast . 
  an ngo actually had problems with the greek government awhile ago because their more cost-effective plan to use containers was abandoned by the government who instead went for a more ambitious plan that failed to get finished in time and in the right numbers , in my opinion out of a desire to cut in a favorite contractor on the building . 
  it 's hard enough keeping the conversation civil and factual , without this sort of red herring . 
   large companies do n't just fold , they have very deep reserves , and even if they do , other companies buy their equipment and customer portfolio , becoming big themselves in the process .
