  poland is already in procedings for refuzing to accept huge nubers of migrants . 
  can you provide a factual source ? 
  by `` they '' i assume the council . 
  the council is 27 individuals , that meet about 3-4 times a year , `` they '' are actually really poor at deciding anything . 
  their power mostly comes from the general belief that countries should lead the eu . 
  the one entity that can sort out a proposal , the commission , does not have the political initiative to . 
  largely because of that same belief as earlier of it not having any political independence , countries do . 
  it has to await either a legal process , or a deciding push from the council . 
  considering the uk was one of the states vehemently working so these are the decision-making processes , it should come as no surprise . 
  why are you making this about psd vs pnl ? 
  seriously , if you 're going to comment on romanian politics think like a romanian . 
  the manifesto 's are lies , the parties will do whatever benefits them , and the only way forward is to game the system so the thieves trip over each other . 
  but what you do n't do is go picking sides , especially out of a misplaced belief that they 're in it for anything else but the votes . 
  do you really think psd will remove flat tax , do you think they do n't have rich friends ? 
  think again . 
  the eu ca n't have an official position because legally the uk has n't announced it 's leaving . 
  it might seem irrelevant to some , but rule of law is a big thing and procedure matters . 
  the only reason the council can meet without the uk , is because they exist outside the eu mechanism as an international organization and have a lot more leeway in procedure . 
  so the ball remains firmly in may 's court . 
  it 's not an attempt at banter . 
  it 's a result of my own surprise after asking swiss people about how they manange to maintain a multi-lingual country after i 've met plenty who could n't speak either french or german , depending where they were from . 
  i agree with you completely here . 
  our only hope really was n't to `` vote right '' , but to have such a diverse coalition that they 'd get in each other 's way if any one of them tried anything dodgy . 
  unfortunately alde looks like is a tame psd satellite, 
  they might try to pull a pis and use the president denying the appointment as a war cry for them to push reform to something more like the other illiberal democracies where the president is a ceremonial post . 
  but you wo n't . 
  the result will be taken as the popular will , no more discussion will be had on it while the danish government tries to implement some sort of quasi-deal with the eu that is inferior in every way to full membership . 
  and that 's why referendums are where good policy goes to die . 
  and all of that did n't change despite the psd being in government before , so why would it change now ? 
  doing the same thing repeatedly and expecting different results might not be complete idiocy , but it comes pretty close . 
  edit : i see you 've been busy with pro-psd pushing , by using their manifesto , which is laughably naive and the whole water thing . 
  do n't you get that we need infrastructure , that all the tax cuts and pension rises are just bribes so people ignore how little they invest in the country . 
  they and people like them are the reason why we have issues with running water , why our roads are tended by incompetent friends of theirs , why our hospitals do n't have enough beds , why we have to endure austerity due to our imf loans , why people had to take a paycut when the crisis happened . 
  they give you money now , so you forget how they steal from you later . 
  if they want to start negotiating so bad , why do n't they trigger article 50 faster ? 
  if no one wants to change their mind , it should n't be a problem . 
  romania 's largest party taking on the mantle of anti-elitism . 
  they do n't miss a beat . 
  i forgot the fact that apple has convince people it invented the minimalist style . 
  i do n't do design , i 'm a tech guy , i 'm a practitioner of the 5 second fix and the it 'll do mentality . 
  but i respect designers , i respect that they work without net , i respect that there 's no rule book . 
  and the thing that i respect the most is how they shut their mouths when their work is stamped on and minimalized in favour of pretty little axioms , gut feels , and `` want something like something that already exists '' arguments . 
  takes a true masochist to deal with that . 
  they did vote by a hairs-breath for limiting freedom of movement . 
  something that their council is finding impossible to implement without shooting themselves in the foot . 
  they 're right now trying to implement a token cludge , hoping both the eu or their far-right will let it slide . 
  every small country tried to stay out of the wars as best they could , unless they had territorial disputes they wished to solve . 
  that 's nothing unique to switzerland , it just managed to get away with it . 
  why is it so hard to believe ? 
  it 's in the center of 3 major economies in europe , some would argue that it would have been hard for it to not be successful . 
  a decent argument could be then made that direct democracy is actually a stone around switzerland 's neck that it can afford because it 's amazing position , it 's historical benefits , and the stability of the surrounding region . 
  even the swiss identity is half-formed , with german swiss considering the french section practically france . 
  all around , maybe we 're looking at the `` rat park '' in action , where prosperity has ironed out social divisions and lack of geopolitical responsibility has kept them away from major decisions . 
  i 'm talking about something much larger than that . 
  what sort of questions you 're allowed to ask , in what way , how do you score the answers , should the status quo be one of them , how are votes counted and so on . 
  we 've already largely ditched fptp on the continent for far more complex system because we realize simple is n't always good . 
  and i think referendums should get the same treatment and a new rule set made to eliminate the inherent defects in how they are currently done . 
  the bigger concern for me is that anything too complicated or dry simply has the public voting status quo . 
  i feel that if you ca n't make flashy headline out of a topic , the public wo n't care enough to change it . 
  good design is anything but intuitive . 
  if it was intuitive everybody would be doing it . 
  people do n't spend years studying design because of how intuitive it is , instead they train their intuition to see actually good design . 
  and the reason apple is so successful is partly due to a very good market strategy , and partly due to very good branding . 
  the apple `` style '' is iconic , and feeds of that success . 
  edit : and green or blue does n't matter . 
  they 're distinctive colours on the other side of the scale to red . 
  you can replace it with purple , or change it to opacity variance . 
  it does not make or break anything . 
  it truly is the most arbitrary of decision , and the `` familiarity high '' is just fluff . 
  color coding of charts is inherently arbitrary and that 's the reason legends exist . 
  getting `` implied meaning '' is an artform unto itself . 
  and while you might see correct/incorrect , someone else can interpret it as cool/hot . 
  you do n't committee stuff like that , there 's no rule book . 
  also red white & blue , sunny side up , shaken not stirred , perpendicular but not crossing , with a hit of jasmine , and gluten-free . 
  you got that ?!, 
  or there will be people in the street !, 
  i have nightmares about people like you in project meetings . 
  except you 're not coordinating that effort between small countries . 
  you 're coordinating that effort down the same chain of command system any country uses . 
  there might have been a point in history where you 'd have been right , but that point was passed the moment the telegraph was invented . 
  this is the mother of all policy fallacies . 
  a larger country has more resources at its disposal , with the added efficiency of scale . 
  a large country is , in effect , no different than a bunch of small countries doing something at the same time . 
  except better . 
  would you really say swedes care less about personal freedom ? 
  i did n't get that impression . 
  i actually do n't think the belief that you can answer all questions adequately is a matter of personal freedom . 
  maybe more of arrogance . 
  honestly , it seems to be up to how much you can energize people to support a position , with the status quo getting a default bonus . 
  the vote reform in the uk is an example of the perfect being an enemy of the good , with reform supporters whinging that it was n't enough . 
  the devolved assembly vote in the north of england had people complaining about more politicians , rather than seeing the opportunities , and now have less representation than london or scotland , and it shows . 
  then there 's danish referendum on europol . 
  the irish referendum on the seanad . 
  the dutch referendum on ukraine . 
  the swiss referendum on eu citizens . 
  there 's probably a good way to do referendums , but i 'm pretty sure the current ad-hoc method is not one of them . 
  but is it because or despite ? 
  switzerland managing to avoid both world wars , while maintaining strong rule of law , and finlandizing its policies might have gotten it where it is today despite the governance . 
  but when you think about how long it took them to adopt women 's suffrage , you have to question how capable they would be under more demanding conditions . 
  coming from the south i 've gotten the exact opposite impression .
