  technically yes . 
  devils is , as always , in the details . 
  oh right , we 're definetly breaking a new ground by creating a ( con ) federate military structure . 
  truly inventing the wheel here . 
  switzerland , america , germany , the commonwealth , and the hundreds of modern and pre-modern decentralized military systems can offer us no insight into this at all . 
  did n't you guys send people to afghanistan ? 
  we sent people to there and iraq . 
  where does la patrie fit in that ? 
  or in the central african republic intervention ? 
  i think this is more of a street attitude of `` times are good and we can pretend to be all about the mother country '' , rather than a political philosophy of the french state or ultimately its people . 
  well , we could , we should , it would put any future integration on our terms with our system . 
  so why are n't we ? 
  because we think like small countries , we want guarantors to suck up to , not unity . 
  and we do n't need to put control in france and germany . 
  in fact by not uniting we 're doing just that , we are handling control to either usa , germany or russia depending on our favorite flavour of dick . 
  by creating a eu army we can control a european armed forced , payed by germany , supplied by france , but with our own people and officers embedded into it . 
   exactly , and they are a fully united super centralized country . 
  and even then , with an enormous budget they still have these problems . 
  now imagine the bureaucrats at the eu trying to do the same thing . 
  hey , a 180 . 
  got ta love a good face heel turn . 
  america is one example we can learn from . 
  russia is a federative capitalist democracy , but we 're not tearing apart germany and canada to prevent them from becoming like russia are we ? 
  christ almighty , why am i accused of being a dogmatic ideologue when these are the points raised from the opposite camp ? 
  it was an example . 
  i invited you to extend that to tank brigades , so you might get into the mindspace of the romanian and dutch tank brigade integration process with germany . 
  it 's unfortunate you turned it down . 
  and while it might be funny to westerners to think all we have to fear is africans with outdated guns . 
  as part of the eastern front , i am the very equivalent of an african with outdated guns and i do n't find the situation funny . 
  is that what you think happen in a military organization . 
  you sign in triplicate your intent to advance on the enemy , and wait for a response at their convenience ? 
  you are a bit detached . 
  where are you guying getting this ? 
  rtss ? 
  no , america does not just have cost over-runs . 
  in fact the cost over-runs are there to patch up the many failures . 
  anybody who complains about the a400m as if it 's unique should n't look at the [ v-22 osprey ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bell_boeing_v-22_osprey#controversy ) or the [ c27j ] ( http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/u-s-air-force-shelving-brand-new-c-27j-spartans-article-1.1479580 ) . 
  then there 's the bradley fighting vehicle , the `` self-cleaning '' m16 , the transport trucks that used to rollover because they were built too high , and [ countless other projects that were cut before hitting service ] ( https://www.forbes.com/sites/lorenthompson/2011/12/19/how-to-waste-100-billion-weapons-that-didnt-work-out/#f98f0fc1cb53 ) . 
  want some sea based failure ? 
  meet the [ zumwalt-class ] ( http://www.nationalreview.com/article/443165/zumwalt-class-navys-stealth-destroyer-program-failure ) . 
  us military r&d is a cesspool of political , corporate and branch infighting . 
  and the russian 's back when they used to make state of the art equipment were n't exactly known for cutting cost . 
  where they decided to put money , they placed money . 
  this just did n't translate in the sort of equipment the us was flaunting . 
  i genuinely ca n't believe this . 
  back in the day it seemed half the internet was dedicated to pointing out the many embarrassing failures of the us military , now it seems they can do no wrong . 
  honestly , considering what i had to work with regarding your questions , i do n't even know what i 'm saying . 
  you 'd fit perfectly in roman gaul . 
  fuck vercingetorix , he 's taking power from rightful tribal leaders . 
  or maybe a greek before the league of corinth , or the achaean one ? 
  or maybe a german prince during the napoleonic wars ? 
  a maori tribesman during the king movement ? 
  a polish szlachta in the plc ? 
  a hungarian magnate just before the ottoman invasion ? 
  any eastern country when the intermarium was proposed ? 
  your antecedent are multitude . 
  you 're part of a great tradition friend . 
  stand tall against unity , propose individual weakness , be that first goat out of the pen !, 
   for some reason european joint military projects have a tendency to end up being faulty and/or over budget whereas the american stuff just works . 
  hey , would you like to buy a bridge ? 
  number 2 is wishful thinking . 
  they tried to do frontex like this with predictable consequences . 
   so we do n't need a specialist company , we can just procure all the designers and the like from existing companies to create our own arms factories ? 
  i. . . there 's a lot here that does n't quite fit . 
  you do n't need designers ( or the like ) to create arms factories . 
  you need automation , qa and some other engineering specialities , but the actual r&d stuff is completely separate and will likely be done as jointly owned companies , using researchers that are moved from their parent companies for the duration of the project . 
  as for the automation , q & a and other specialities ... this is why you have contractors . 
   how long do you think that will take and are these companies willing to let these employees come over and work on our project ? 
  for this we 'll need huge investment and many many years of research and development . 
  building a nuclear warhead is not the same as building a tank , most of the people that do this are huge companies and i do n't they 'll be willing to help unless they get the contracts !, 
  again , i do n't get how this fits into anything . 
  the entire thing is a bit all over the place . 
  moving production east is already a thing without us actually doing anything but being cheap , this is like asking what if water does n't go downhill . 
  secondly , if all you 're worried about is time and cost , then i 'm happy to say that there are entire degrees dedicated to solving that . 
  time and cost are the low-hanging fruit of the `` find problems world '' , but it 's not actually an obstacle to anything . 
  the reason musk is sending rockets into space and google is throwing stupid money at beating go players is because they understand that . 
  you 've again described the current state of affairs . 
  if germany and france decide `` fuck that country '' , as is their sovereign and independent right , that country is fucked . 
  if we actually had rules or a vote forcing france and germany to join , instead of doing whatever we 'd be far better off since we 'd be secure in the knowledge there 's a legal structure . 
  you and your kind are annoyingly obtuse in this , always attributing the way it currently works under the current system of loose alliance and understated hegemony with this evil `` brussels empire '' that supposedly exists . 
  it 's getting to the point i 'm thinking it 's deliberate . 
  this is where we currently are under nato and it 's a giant r&d , requisition and political clusterfuck . 
  r&d wise it makes small states dependent on the bigger states for equipment , with the biggest state capable of the most production and lowest cost off the bat winning . 
  second-tier big states then need to spend a lot more on r&d without recouping that cost , and risk loosing knowledge of any engineering area by simply failing to produce a new exemplar of a specific type in 30-40 years . 
  requisition wise , it turns all but the biggest into shit armies . 
  let 's say 10 states have , put together , enough money for a carrier . 
  but they 're not put together so one has 1/10 of a carrier , another 3/10 and so on . 
  so they never get a carrier and instead they each get a bunch of frigates . 
  but the frigates do n't do the same job a carrier does and they all cost most over the long term . 
  now expand this logic to tank brigades , satellite surveillance , air transport and what you have is maybe the biggest state having any of this , and most states trying to make due with a bunch of low-level equipment they over-invested in because they could never afford the big guns . 
  this is btw , why europe has shit-ton of frigates compared to america . 
  we do n't collectively need that many , but that 's all the smaller navies can afford . 
  now politically : this is the one that makes people uncomfortable . 
  if a french commander , a german commander and a polish commander all disagree with each other , and one decides to attack , one to stay and another to retreat , how do you solve that ? 
  because that 's been the problem of every damn composite army in history . 
  what usually happens is the bigger , baddest army takes command and orders around everyone else , but that 's a giant fuck you to political and military independence . 
  then there 's that question played a hundred different ways : will france launch a nuclear attack to defend austria , will germany join a defensive war , will commanders even be able to talk to relate to each other or will they fail like the ultimatum at mers-el-k\u00e9bir ? 
  now there 's no reason why we should n't have national armies running in parallel with a smaller but more high tech eu force . 
  but the historical lessons are that ideas surrounding the loose confederation model of military structure are pure bunk . 
  wishfull thinking of the type `` would n't it be nice if we all just got along and did n't need to actually organize '' .
