  depends if anything of value was learned as a result . 
  i see it as an inteligence test for the various governments involved . 
  is everyone who writes an article now an economist ? 
  but yeah , i 'd argue many are exactly fools and the people who listen to them uncritically fools of fools . 
  a point made quite eloquently by friedrich hayek when he criticized the creation of the nobel prize on economics since it gave undue influence to people who had to much influence already outside the critical eye of their field . 
  and considering the opinion of the ecb and imf , organizations filled with economists , has been discounted as foolish by the very people who worship these articles i 'd say i 'm not alone . 
  the difference is the people i tend to listen to are entrusted with high office , while the anti-euro nutjobs which ca n't be bothered to analyze the systematic issues underpinning the economic disparity in europe all tend to confine their expertise to writing for idiots . 
  and the telegraph is back to putting out their monthly `` eu is going to fall any day now '' article . 
  see , already our relations are back to normal . 
  the entire point is to not let germany militarize . 
  with an eu army they can stand back , pay into the pot and let the rest of us man it and participate in command . 
  without it , it will grow increasingly worried , start re-arming and integrating smaller countries 's forces around it creating a defacto sphere of influence . 
  choose : german militarization or eu army . 
  because that 's the choices we 're facing . 
  do n't be . 
  we 've been here before at least half a dozen times and 2 other french presidents before . 
  they 'll come up with a joint speech promising greater unity , nothing will be done afterward . 
  we 're all so bloody predictable . 
   i once read an article that if greece was n't in the eurozone it 's economic collapse would n't be as severe as it was . 
  and if you believed it , more fool you . 
  romania had a similar government debt collapse at the same time , but our debt was smaller so we only needed minor esm support . 
  in many ways the balkans expansion fucked greece as much as the prosperity in the mid 90s . 
  we 're directly competing with every industry they have , while their government borrowed ( much like ours is currently doing ) during the good times relying on it 's position as a supposedly western country . 
  the interest rates resulting from joining the eurozone helped that borrowing , but it was them who kept doing it . 
  now that we have major recovery in the eurozone we can safely see that greece 's problems are completely unlike portugal 's for example , and not related to the euro . 
  they are systematic and the euro debacle has only served to distract attention from them . 
  we invaded iraq for visas and nato membership . 
  we 're fairly pragmatic on the give and take here . 
  also , that posting is likely to have people competing over it . 
  add in the potential for eu level pay and you 'll need to fight romanians off with a stick from going to defend them . 
   no the rich countries get the better deal , you have the money to buy whatever you want in poorer markets also you get cheap educated labor mate , they do n't need us to be in the union to get that . 
  they could have just forced our arm into a nafta like free trade agreement and stolen our industries , our experts and our resources while keeping most of the poor scum in their native countries to work the mines for nothing or the occasional outsourced factory . 
  easterners have seriously developed some sort of complex in the last 10 years . 
  if we do n't start acting on concert to develop some workable plan inside the eu , they have nothing to loose from dumping us and turning us into cheap colonies . 
   i 'd expect a british newspaper to know how a multinational country with regional governments works , bizarre . 
  why would you expect something like that ? 
  that would imply competence and an interest in accurately reporting on scottish affairs , and that 's simply not happening . 
  well , for one , we were never officially occupied by the ottoman empire so we never played the blood tax . 
  i remember talking to a bulgarian about turkey and that 's the first thing he brought up . 
  there 's almost no separation between the ottomans and turkey there , you 're going to get blamed for it apparently . 
  secondly , as much as our peoples were enemies , and our songs and poems praise the killing of turks and damn their names , as well as glorified vlad tepes , we won . 
  we kept our `` freedom '' and eventually we even took dobrogea . 
  it 's a minor victory overall , but it sort of makes it all seems fairly even in perspective . 
  we sort of feel the same about hungary , in the end we gained more than we lost . 
  only the russians are seen badly because they 've cut of moldova and have been a pain in our neck ever since about it . 
  lastly , we have nothing to remind us that you exist day to day . 
  no real turkish/muslim minority to speak of outside a few tens of thousands , no architecture , no land claims , no airforce encounters , nothing . 
  a romanian might spend his entire life without hearing about turkey outside of history class . 
  the west has been pouring millions of dollars in aid exactly so this never becomes their problem . 
  the better developed the country , the less conflict around , and the more happy the ruling class to play nice with the west , the less migrants they receive . 
  the extreme irony here is that the east participated in the american mission that first started destabilizing the middle east , the iraq war , while the west did the right thing and continued on that path . 
  not they are faced with the fact that their poverty and irrelevance no longer protects them from the migrant stream they themselves were joining at the beginning of the 90s , and so they 're scared and frightened . 
  they literally have no clue what to do , and they 're hitting out at anyone who involves them in it . 
  i 'm fairly empathic actually . 
  europe really ca n't receive the amount of people that will come . 
  it 's just that i 'd like a plan which is not stupid and germany has been giving better results than poland or hungary . 
  to be fair there are a lot of non-refugees piggybacking on the issues of the actual asylum seekers , that can be classified as economic migrants . 
  this was a predictable trend in the coming century . 
  although , by all right they would n't be able to claim asylum and so can not be redistributed or even stay . 
  the only reason they 're a problem is that italy and greece are too overwhelmed to properly process them and our agreements to send them back are falling apart . 
  but that problem is not sexy enough for the eastern politicians . 
  i 'd like to say because we 're not dicks , but i know better :p . maybe because there are a lot of romanians currently living in istanbul , after having moved there in the 90s ? 
  giga hagi has become a default welcome between turks and romanians and has laid the seeds of understanding ? 
  we 've fought everyone on the continent and feel no real animosity to anyone in particular anymore ? 
  or maybe we 've been given plenty of shit over the past few decades and do n't give ourselves air about being part of the european master race ? 
  i do n't know , but you know glad we 're all getting along . 
  eastern europeans are getting the same thing . 
  a slovakian friend was already told to leave the uk by some asshat . 
  the thing that easterners might not understand is that a lot of blacks and asians are second or third generation citizens . 
  they 've been in the country their entire lives , and they seem to have voted for brexit in numbers . 
  it 's the east europeans that are the unwanted newcomers . 
  and farage made no damn secret that it was east europeans he was talking about . 
  i honestly would n't be surprised if the sudden push for sanctions was a way for the west to undo what can be interpreted as a historical mistake : the eastern expansion . 
  when the uk talked about immigrants and migrants when voting to leave , they meant east europeans . 
  they painted us as subsidy tourists , as cheap labour undermining labour standards , budgetary black holes in the eu , and as backwards hicks paying lip services to modern western democratic and humanist ideals . 
  but the argument was that for the sake of continental solidarity we should be kept and the cost absorbed . 
  this provides an ironic opportunity to the western countries , to get rid of deadweight and increase the share of their voting power in the eu by using the same distaste in the countries they themselves were told to tolerate . 
  the east will willingly give the west back its project and relegate itself to non-participatory status . 
  and i can already tell you what many in the right wing in benelux and the nordics will say : good riddance . 
  thank you for clarifying , although i am not supportive of that viewpoint . 
  if all it took to make the world a more peaceful place was to lay down arms , we 'd had reached utopia a long time ago . 
  the reality is that the moment we all do , we just make violence a more profitable activity . 
  american 's always feared a standing army , and worked against it extensively until they rushed it and ended up with a force they could n't really control . 
  they fucked up , and we should learn . 
  that 's why that 's a bit of a self-vindictive and self-defeating argument . 
  weakness is n't some sort of safety against belligerence any more than strength assures it , it all depends on your ability to make wise and considered decisions . 
  cops do n't have an impulsive need to shoot people despite having a gun . 
  a strong person has no impulsive need to hit someone . 
  and a strong eu is n't going to start invading just because it 's technically possible . 
  this argument is purely an excuse to shirk the responsibility of self-restraint given the ability to harm , in preference in assuring yourself that your own lack of moral fortitude is hampered by your weakness . 
  but that does n't have to be the case , we can be both strong and responsible as long as we design democratic and legal institutions that keep us in check , rather than letting the world force our hand and becoming this weird monstrous force like america is . 
  so let 's build early and become an equivalent of switzerland , rather than rush and become america . 
  there is also a `` soft '' limit linked to congruity with the rest of the members . 
  we 've already had some trouble explaining to swedes , danes and dutch why syria and ukraine matters to them before the refugee crisis , since they 're mentally unprepared for seeing the big picture . 
  now that the refugee crisis is in full swing , they blame the eu for not sheltering them from the cruel realities of the world , or the germans or the greeks or anybody else but themselves for ignoring the problem . 
  the more distance we cover without some technological fix to lower transport times , the more of such situations we will have . 
  it 's definetly the most outward limit we can stretch the union sensibly , although i 'd argue that has more to do with market and security congruity rather than ethnicity . 
  but on one hand the black sea fits into our market/security sphere nicely , as well as the anatolian peninsula as the refugee crisis taught us . 
  and stealing armenia from the russian sphere is just too sweet an a goal not to have , it would chop them off from any influence in the middle east . 
  edit : as for the cultural bit , it 's very debatable .
