  it 's amazing how many supporters erdogan 's turkey has in the west . 
  meanwhile ataturk 's turkey cries for help , and we ignore it . 
  good luck . 
  hopefully he 'll be the first of the european strongmen to fall . 
  i 'm not denying it . 
  not denying the turkish authorities did n't make it hard either . 
  but this is our sphere of influence and its faltering is a sign of our inability to leverage being the biggest damn economy in the world . 
  so there 's nothing to be nonchalant about . 
  `` we do n't want them . '' ? 
  who is this we , because i would n't have had a problem if they actually reformed into a secular , modern country . 
  and they are our damn key to the middle east and the black sea , the biggest trading partner for the balkans , and a security issue in both greece and cyprus that we could have defused . 
  we just lost an amazing asset , because conservative assholes both in europe and turkey have fucked everyone over . 
  we 've been lucky enough for attaturk to give us enough grip to pull them up and neutralize a potential threat and we just threw it away . 
  no one wins now . 
  not them , not us , maybe just erdogan . 
  we are loosing our carrot , and as a consequence our control over the refugee crisis , the bosphorus straits , the eventual pipeline , levantine policy , and the democratization of the country . 
  so grand that you 're happy , meanwhile our geopolitical capital burns down . 
  i think we have to give one thing to the alt right here , the current politicians are spineless . 
  the new left has been saying the same thing . 
  if europe is to prosper , it needs a better kind of leadership than it currently has . 
  we just need to find some that is n't interested in regressing the entire continent a century for the sake of nostalgic pinning for old ideologies . 
  do n't warn them . 
  the issue with `` a wall '' is that our problem is far more serious than people coming here as complete illegal immigrants . 
  some are economic migrants , and some are honest to god refugees . 
  turkey already has 2 million people that are waiting for the syrian war to be over , they clearly need asylum and have not moved to europe , and they are part of a country of 22 million . 
  i know `` granting asylum '' to people in war-torn countries is n't high on the priority list for many people . 
  but i 'm just explaining that since we signed the geneva convention , we have some responsibility to sort these people by genuine need , and that means holding them for processing . 
  something which has streched italian and greek bureaucracy and police to the breaking point as we can see . 
  there is very good reason btw , to maintain the asylum policy of the geneva convention and to assist turkey , and i can go into depth if asked . 
  to begin with hungary is neither a choke point , nor a destination country . 
  if there is an an alternative route to western europe that is easier , people will take it . 
  if there is n't people will try to go into hungary , and they have tried when countries nearby increased their security to match . 
  second , the turkish deal still stands , so greece has seen a decrease as well . 
  the wall , in other words , might be well timed rather than actually effective . 
  the reason i say this is , having been in hungary , migrants are ready to apply for asylum there if it means being allowed on the other side of the border . 
  so it 's only a matter of time until hungary sees a surge again . 
  please realize that there are extremely difficult questions that require systematic answers . 
  a wall simply wo n't cut it . 
  these people traversed a sea and overwhelmed greek controls if i have to remind you . 
   `` we have to demonstrate with all our strength , the force and unity in defending the independence , integrity and sovereignty of romania . 
  this constitutes one of the fundamental problems of our nation . '', 
  well , that explains my allergic reaction to that sort of rethoric . 
  words to say when reason can not save your cause . 
  and of those switzerland is making it clear we 've been way too lax on `` a la carte '' deals . 
  the latest referendum on restriction eu workers is sticking in their throat , and they keep trying to find ways to safely discriminate against people while selling their products equally in the eu . 
  brexit and the swiss referendum are a wake up call that some countries simply are n't taking the common interest seriously , they 're just milking us . 
   many countries would reject migrants because they 'll claim that their neighbors are already safe . 
  the entry points ( italy and greece ) will have to negotiate with the destinations ( like germany ) bilaterally . 
  can you figure out why what you 're describing did n't happen 2010-2015 ? 
   my point is that the problems of greece , italy and germany are not the problems of countries like hungary . 
  i am not my brother 's keeper . 
  you really must hate national health care then . 
  healthy paying for the sick , must really get you angry . 
  that pretty much entrenches `` freedom to fail '' . 
  some countries can get swamped and , either by choice or lack of ability , pass on the migrant to the country next door . 
  the way it happened with syria -  turkey -  greece -  macedonia -  hungaria -  austria -  germany . 
  in fact , that `` laisez faire '' system was exactly what was implemented up until now , where the dublin agreement served simply as a stronger `` right to return to nearest safe country '' , otherwise leaving everyone to their own devices . 
  so tell me , how then do we avoid 2015 repeating by letting `` member implement their own policy '' again ? 
  currently ill . 
  so i 've got nothing but time and painkillers . 
   free trade and open borders was never in contention during the scottish referendum . 
  it was assumed from day one that both countries ' governments would work towards this , since it 's in the mutual interest . 
  i actually witnessed the original `` project fear '' . 
  so please be careful about your statements . 
  source : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-26440626 http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-27657388 https://www.theguardian.com/news/2014/sep/07/will-i-need-passport-enter-leave-independent-scotland https://www.pressandjournal.co.uk/fp/news/politics/referendum/independence-referendum-guide/323674/scottish-independence-mean-passports/ apparently ca n't link to the daily mail . 
  good . 
   shared currency was a stickier point , because some said that control over the pound ( interest rates etc ) must be shared , which is a hugely unpopular idea in the uk ( due to the diverging monetary policy ) . 
  scotland would still have been able to use the pound . 
  it 's in contention whether or not scotland would have the right to influence interest rates or print of new notes . 
  no , the contention point was over their share of foreign reserves and about lender of last resort . 
  this was tied up with the huge misunderstanding about the role of the international `` royal bank of scotland '' and how it relates to scotland itself , since it `` needed bailing out '' , and the nature of bailouts in themselves since it was assumed that the scottish government could n't do it on its own or through the imf . 
  really hated that campaign , real shit show . 
  glad was out of the country for the brexit circus . 
  source : http://www.parliament.scot/researchbriefingsandfactsheets/s4/sb_14-21.pdf, 
  he makes a lot of sense , dirty as it feels to say that , but maybe it 's best to take it as a sign of the general mood rather than his personal beliefs . 
  the man will say anything to get elected . 
  and if this is what he has to say , it 's likely a sign that this is what the majority of french people want to hear and eventually see . 
  this is a far more inspirational conclusion to derive from him , rather than him being any sort of visionary . 
  they 're both epp . 
  that entire party group is pretty much a bunch of middle aged , middle managers with middling ambition and a lot of business friends . 
  next election we have to fight to get them out from the majority . 
  australia . 
  i think it 's a lot deeper than just military . 
  our complete ineptitude handling the ukraine crisis was ... embarrassing . 
  we as a continent and as nations have n't been taking our staffing and institutional capability seriously , and it shows . 
  the military , intelligence , and diplomatic branches are `` amateur hour '' jokes to our us counterparts . 
   the uk receives a pass on that since they never neglect their military and are the usa 's most dependable ally whenever there is military matters involved . 
  i 'm not going to comment because i know how defensive they can get . 
  but , that 2 % has n't been translating to a `` lack of neglect '' . 
  pay attention to future uk missions . 
  you 're perfectly right . 
  i would argue though that if the us is facing a more balkanized europe we 'll see a different treatment than what we receive today , and something more in line with the days of gladio . 
  it 's not that they would side with russia more than us . 
  it 's more that they would see us more as a playing board rather than someone that is worth talking to , and start treating issues as american-russian affairs to be negotiated without our input . 
  something we have seen in syria . 
   i do n't exactly follow . 
  ksa and iran have always been enemies with each other and no matter what iran has to be enemies of the usa because usa threw in with ksa . 
  that 's just the way things are and there is no backing out for better or worse . 
  that region is too important so long as oil and trade exist . 
  the gulf matters way too much with the only other spot in the world with as much importance being the south china sea in terms of commerce .
