  most uncontacted tribes have some interchange with nearby contacted tribes . 
  it 's like a game of telephone , where some unlucky anthropologist has a good chance of having `` first contact '' with someone wearing a pair of sneakers . 
  i think that 's optimistic . 
  it 's highly variable . 
  for a time , it was protestant that were religious fundamentalists , and only time and struggle turned them into the more secularized areas . 
  who knows how well grenada would have dealt with the traditionalists , although considering what happened to spain , it might have become a mirror image due to similar economic limitations . 
  the issue is that those stats do n't play well together well enough to form a good picture . 
  especially considering differences in land values , and day to day costs . 
  the only thing that would make sense is using household disposable income . 
  using [ this ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tec00113 ) ( eu ) and [ this ] ( https://taxfoundation.org/new-state-level-price-data-shows-smaller-state-real-income-differences ) ( us ) , one could see that while the disposable income eu wide varies by about 10k dollars , the disposable income in the us ( minus disctrict of columbia ) , is closer to 20k dollars . 
  which suggests the inverse , that it 's the us that is more open to regional pricing strategies . 
  this is an initial assessment though , open to be proven wrong . 
  also , i ca n't believe that connecticut is the best place to be if you want a bit of cash on the side . 
  you 're making a terrible mistake here is using `` christian '' as a blanket term . 
  even before the catholic church truly solidified , you could be the right type of christian and the wrong type of christian , depending on community and belief . 
  and , as the cathar and hussite crusades can attests , conversion by violence in the abrahamic world was the norm . 
  honestly , i do n't think either side can lay claim to any moral superiority . 
  both used faith as a political mechanism to justify taxation , hierarchical abuses and repression . 
  i admit , i expected it to be in french . 
  am disappointed that it is n't . 
  probably very similar . 
  it took centuries to de-tooth the sectarian bullshit of the orthodox , catholic and protestant abrahamic banches , and attaturk almost managed to do the same with the turkish sunni branch . 
  we 're still far from done , as this entire comment section proves . 
  i 'm not trolling , i just think historical context is incredibly important . 
  to use your example , an amazon tribe that has managed to conquer it 's `` known world '' , is actually impressive for an amazon tribe . 
  btw , amazonian tribes are n't actually `` fully isolated '' , they 're usually connected to nearby tribes , they 're just hard to reach , which makes it even more impressive . 
  while japan knew it was part of a larger chinese tributary system . 
  the reason this works is because for a certain technological level ( technological toolset really ) , the sphere of world knowledge is far bigger than the sphere of control . 
  the tongan empire in the polynesian cultural sphere is just as impressive as shaka 's creation of the zulu kingdom , which is just as impressive of the whole british empire . 
  despite operating in different `` known worlds '' . 
  the cunning , intelligence , and organization ability is there , just the `` enviromental factors '' are different , and should still be praised and studied for that . 
  if you simply consider this an extended trolling , at least thank you for reading . 
  i 'd actually disagree . 
  since to an empire the `` known world '' represented its maximum logistic reach . 
  the proportion of that you actually control is significant , since it shows the strength of the internal cohesion and institutional stability . 
  in comparison greece had herodotus 's map of the know world , which was roughly equivalent since east-west traffic along afro-eurasia is easy , and none of the states managed to conquer a significant fraction of it . 
  except macedonia , which is greek-ish ( debatable since the greek identity sphere at the time was fuzzy and macedonia or its dynasty did n't quite fit in ) and it actually conquered all of the know world . 
  and then fell immediately . 
  it was a figure of speech . 
  i was meaning that when interests of the us citizenry and interests of the european citizenry clash on the world stage , we lose out no contest . 
  it can be something as subtle as the plaza accords , or as brazen as invading a nearby country , or anything in between . 
  that does n't mean it does n't have regional wealth and salary disparity . 
  it also does n't answer my question . 
  it 's what france realized after the last world war . 
  it got re-taught the lesson in the suez crisis . 
  and if france realized it , it 's pretty bad . 
  no one on this continent will ever be as free as the us . 
  worldwide , we 'll always be essentially second class citizens . 
  at least as we are . 
  it sounds `` right '' , but is it true ? 
  would a person raised somewhere in california or massachusetts , find mississippi or west virginia , any different than how a person raised in france would find romania ? 
  even if we take into account average salary , the lack of the welfare state and increased travel and infrastructure costs due to distance add into it . 
  to the point , that there are things i now know of the us which make it seem less `` cohesive '' than europeans like to claim . 
  to begin with , i do n't think that 's true . 
  having done my own research , the disposable incomes and salaries differ a lot between main cities , state capitals , and rural america . 
  and these differ from state to state , with south-western states having large concentrations of poverty . 
  unfortunately i ca n't find anything to source , since searching salary differences in the us focuses solely on gender gap . 
  as for the `` luxury of the same political system , language and most key regulations . '', 
  what does that have to do with your reasoning regarding the business advantages of geoblocking ? 
  it 's honestly an empty argument in that regard . 
  so i wo n't even get involved into state-level political and tax differences , because honestly it 's a mess , and irrelevant . 
  if that was the case , makes you wonder why the us or any of the larger federations do n't have internal geoblocking . 
  it 's not like salary disparities are a purely european issue . 
  the only autonomy the current polish government recognizes or cares about is its own . 
  judicial and media independence , these are hurdles and chains to them . 
  the eu , an institution that holds a mirror and shows them their reflection . 
  [ they free themselves and enslave the people . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/45botfjfgpe?t=193 ), 
  you 're making an inherent assumption that common understanding and academic understanding are comparable . 
  people knew `` something '' was out there , but there was no cohesive idea of what that was . 
  you need some sort of framework to aggregate data , remove errors , and give a consistent picture of a `` known world '' on which to work on . 
  it does n't need to be institutional , but it 's less error-prone and also keeps better with an institution to maintain it . 
  it 's a fairly eurocentric view , roughly equivalent and following trading relationships between europe , north africa and south-east asia . 
  china had , as far as i know , it 's own mirrored version with it at the center . 
  do n't know of any others . 
  merkel appeals to people like kaczynski and orban because she herself is a conservative and an intergovernmentalist . 
  she is n't so much an opponent , but a moderate voice in the same ideological camp . 
  even on immigration , they are on the same wavelength as germany 2011 , before the dam broke . 
  they would be truly terrified if someone who actually was an opponent took the helm of germany , despite all the flak they give merkel . 
  do you think we are all idiots ? 
  whenever foreign leaders come , it 's he who they come for . 
  we have the same setup in romania with dragnea , do n't go around pretending like we do n't know who is pulling the strings behind the curtain . 
  romans did it and they build an empire that stretched half of europe . 
  results speak for themselves . 
  heh , if it was that easy the ethno-nationalists would be ruling this continent by now . 
  but inside every ethno-group , there 's a dozen other ethno-groups waiting to form under their own strong-man . 
  it 's the classic aristocratic dilemma played out over entire peoples , as genealogical , historic and cultural alliances are made and broken due to traditional grudges , or trying to expand their numbers and holdings . 
  so pretty much why the arab league was a mess despite being united by israel . 
  and thank fuck they are not in charge on this continent . 
  now if only those that believe in the ideals of the french revolution started talking about them again , instead of letting these idiots gain ground again . 
  has the world been dominated by the multicultural idea ? 
  cultural relativism maybe , but it 's been used by both the left and the right to excuse conservative `` museum culture '' mentality regarding preserving traditional lifestyles . 
  but ethnic and sectarian tensions are all pervasive in europe , we 're praticaly an extension of the middle east in that regard . 
  none of this is new , especially in eastern europe , where we never got `` multiculturalism '' and instead carried the burden of the ethno-nationalistic states being superimposed over the historic ethnic mix . 
  i 'd rather we do for nuclear and the un security council seat what we did for airbus and the esa . 
  take french geopolitical strategy , attach it to the union , and run it on it 's engine with germany serving as the axle . 
  because , let 's be honest , it works . 
  i dislike how he focused simply increasing ethnic tensions . 
  as we 've seen from the us question on poland-belarus tensions , there 's a larger divide and conquer strategy being undertaken outside of that . 
  the v4 horse thieves also disagree with each other as well as the rest of the alliance on geopolitical loyalty .
