   unlike the us , we ca n't really afford creating a huge flyover part for our continent with only 2 regions that will matter . 
  with thinking like this the entire continent will become a flyover region . 
  or a giant tourist trap where people wonder when did european civilization decide to just give up . 
   but do you think the countries standing to lose skilled workers understand the damage coming their way ? 
  could it be that they are enabling federalism to a point where there is no way to keep engineers , financiers , or entrepreneurs in their borders ? 
  this has already been talked about . 
  the answer : countries already have trouble keeping those people . 
  they are highly sought after and if there is n't a good esa/iter variant in europe they just head to the us or anyone else that pays them better for projects which require extremely qualified staff . 
  most countries in europe alone can not hope to have such industries . 
   partly because of culture ( a portuguese engineer might really want to live a portuguese style life and enjoy some ginjinha in the afternoon etc ) heh . 
  that 's so incredibly overblown that i just do n't know what to say . 
   easa is not a commercial enterprise , it has it 's strenghts and drawbacks . 
  the esa is very much a commercial enterprise . 
  it 's a bit less like nasa and more like a french-style dirigism version of the us 's military industrial complex with the companies that make up the united launch alliance . 
   true , but everybody knows that . 
  it 's not the goal to be cost effective here . 
  the goal is to have intact high tech industries in as many countries as possible , all cooperating nicely . 
  well that 's not exactly true . 
  the goal is to have any european high tech industry at all , and the `` as many countries as possible '' bit is a consequence of how funding is done . 
  but take esa for example . 
  we already had someone explain why the intergovernmental system is making organization and employment of individuals difficult . 
  but now with spacex competing , we need to get it as cheap as possible or face being run out of the market . 
  if we keep fighting over who gets how much of the pie for much longer , there might not be any pie anymore and we will do what the british did in 1971 : abandon our aerospace industry and start buying from the americans . 
  source on esa issues currently : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/58bdj2/oc_what_if_esa_became_an_eu_body/, 
  but i do . 
  and that 's why i ca n't stand the eurogroup , schengen group , the esm or the council of european union in general . 
  you see , in this decade the eurosceptics have won and it 's member states that make most of the decisions not the eu . 
  enjoy your self-enforced semi-hegemonic paralysis . 
  because the principle of self-determination . 
  and because of the awkward moment when you have an election and your newly invaded people go to the poles . 
  being a militaristicly expansive liberal democracy is not an easy task . 
   germany would be the boss in this setup . 
  like california is the boss of the us , british columbia is the boss of canada or bavaria is the boss of germany ? 
   seriously , do you even federalize ? 
  the eurogroup is leading this , not the eu . 
  schauble actually complained to juncker about negotiating directly with greece over this . 
  as long as eurogroup/schengen/esm exist seperatly from the eu and the eu is kept powerless while blamed for everything no reforms will happen . 
  source : http://www.politico.eu/article/schauble-european-commission-power-eurogroup-juncker-dijsselbloem-grexit/, 
  that 's why ariane 6 is moving away from return-on-investment procurement , and to industrial competitive bids . 
  i expect national governments to start complaining they 're not getting their share in a few years . 
  all the examples i gave ( hungary , italy , poland , turkey ) are parliamentary republic which at some point , mostly now but with italy in the time of berlusconi , were run my corrupt strongmen which shat on the rule of law . 
   i consider this to be the defining event in modern russian history since this directly lead russia to be presidential republic instead of parliamentary one , and the consequence of that you can see today . 
  i something similar as well , but recent years have shown interesting counter-examples . 
  hungary for example is a parliamentary republic , while romania is a semi-presidential republic . 
  but that meant that in hungary having a parliamentary majority secured rule of the government , while in romania there were political fights between the premier and the president keeping a sort of balance of power . 
  italy , turkey and poland have also succumbed to similar events as hungary . 
  i do n't know it there is an actual lesson there . 
  romania might have just gotten lucky with one person in the right place at the right time . 
  but parliamentary republics have not stopped strong man one-party states . 
  class a stuff , thanks !, 
   you vote to either promote legislation that benefits you , or to block others from getting enough vote to make legislation you do not like . 
  that is a direct link to the legislative system . 
  so i cast my vote on the candidate that promises and tries to deliver most on my biases . 
  you can write , e-mail or call any danish candidate , heck you can even write the monarchy and get a response . 
  the nation is still small enough for individual treatment and legislation . 
  there is a huge difference between a 5 million nation and a 400 + million whatever it is . 
  that 's nice and all but reveals a desire for a level of micromanagement not usually possible . 
  especially for `` not-sexy '' topics that do not receive enough media attention . 
  considering the sort of things the independence and progressive parties got away with in iceland , it does n't seem to be a big country issue , it 's natural to a certain disposition of the human condition . 
  i 'm actually becoming less and less of a fan of representatives as direct channels of popular will , for the very same reason you mention disliking the low voting rate for eu elections : a interested but vocal minority making policy for everyone else . 
  andf you ca n't trust the representative you placed to make decision based on how he considers things and in best conscience , then you 're repeating the bad mistakes of middle managers everywhere : inability to delegate , and micromanaging to make up for poor hiring practices . 
   a democracy where just 1/5 of the voters have power is not a true democracy for me . 
  otherwise we could just as well be saudi arabia where 2.5 million people voters elect advisers to the rulers . 
  rulers who can just ignore those advisers in this 30 + million nation . 
  there is nothing stopping people from voting , except themselves . 
  liberal democracy gives you the right to be an idiot , within certain limits . 
   no , replace cooperation with sovereignty . 
  such a telling comment , and just one week from remembrance day in the uk . 
  fitting . 
   which is not very good . 
  also why we would be better of if we left the eu . 
  our cooperation on the continental level is shit leading to unmanageable crises , so by removing the remaining coordination channels you hope to do what ? 
  make cooperation harder ? 
  like i said , it 's a symptom of that sort of small minded mentality . 
  you ca n't pack up your country and leave for splendid isolation , you 're still there , and when you have a problem with your neighbors you 'll be facing the very same clusterfuck that is evident now but with less structure . 
   to reach the danish parliament you need 1/175 of the votes given at the election . 
  that is roughly 20000 people trusting you to look after their interests . 
  now you do the math and figure out how many danes needs to vote on a single candidate to get representation in the eu parliament and then divide that number with the population size of the 5 regions in denmark . 
  basically this means the opinions of a large part of the voters has little to zero chance of being heard in the big eu machine . 
  pointless exercise , because it misses one thing : you 're not voting to have a direct channel to governance , you 're literally employing someone for a 4 year contract to help manage things for you . 
  and he does n't help manage your small constituency of 20k , because `` principle of subsidiarity '' . 
  he manages what affects you on a european level , and not just him but his entire support network , his party , and anybody else who shares his opinions from the entire respresentative body of europe . 
  the `` small town '' mind set of `` my small constituency does n't have a voice and has some problem on the eu level and nobody else has '' is so utterly wrong and self-defeating . 
  it 's unlikely that any one problem on the european level that one constituency has will be unique , it will likely find support in other parts of the continent . 
  and if it ca n't then it 's such a niche issue that it simply ca n't be considered as relevant in the bigger picture . 
  this `` big eu machine '' like all representative machines work in a more complex way than giving you a direct phone connection to some dictator . 
  seriously , we 're treading worn ground in the `` virtues of representative democracy '' debate . 
   what a fucking joke the eu is . 
  it 's only as good as the combined governments of its constituent members , and those are only as good as the people who elect them into office . 
  the entire continent has become a joke , and it 's not the eu 's fault . 
  it 's just the symptom . 
  but the eu gave the united kingdom a brexit referendum . 
   there is way too much indirection between commissionner and citizens . 
  it leads to crappy , unreactive management . 
  how long did it take to secure our borders ? 
  1.5 years ? 
  border management : state responsability . 
  asylum and migrant policy : state responsibility . 
  taking the blame for all fuck-ups on european soil , no matter who 's responsablity : the eu basically that was the fault of your government , my government , and everyone else 's , all at the same time . 
  the commission and parliament were ignored .
