  but nope , she 's been sturdy and conciliatory most of the time , and very quick to get on the attack when the opportunity presents itself . 
  edit : also , she 's consistently on message . 
  i do n't remember her doing a shift in her policy . 
  some people 's reactions to what is otherwise a fairly decent politician are just remarkable . 
   free trade is not a perk . 
  free trade is benefitial for everyone . 
  that is just economics 101 . 
  two words : friedrich liszt . 
  the asian tigers built their economies on ignoring that bit of folk wisdom you 've adopted . 
  nicola sturgeon ? 
  actually , i approve , competent centrist politician . 
  nicolae sturgeon for leader of europe . 
  fyi : the internal security agencies got rid of ceausescu . 
  do n't try to clumsily fit our history into your ideological narrative . 
  the news editor for euractiv 's english side is james crisp . 
  he worked for the sun , the daily telegraph and the daily mail and if you read his articles on euractiv , especially the brief , it shows . 
  edit : in short , do n't be surprised if euractiv 's english articles tend towards british tabloid sensibilities . 
  we 're big on enlightenment values instead of ethnography or secterianism . 
  that being said , i do n't completely agree with him . 
  ukraine , turkey and even armenia are lost brothers that need to be guided back to sanity . 
  belarus on the other hand , it 's being run like it 's a middle eastern state , hardly european . 
   the idea that there needs to be a homogenous cultural identity for a successful country is n't really true . 
  it certainly helps , but it 's not a prerequisite . 
  i would n't say it actually helps . 
  regional identities complement national ones , and give people a sense of pride in their locality . 
  i 've been to places that take a lot of pride in their city , their region and their country equally and it 's quite inspirational . 
  by comparison , countries with no regional identity sort of let their regions underperform , people adopting the national successes instead of building local ones . 
  i 'm sorry , but we have different definitions of adequate supervision . 
  i see too many weak points . 
  too long a time between checks , it resting on one medic 's opinion , the lack of supervision of storage . 
  i 'm too firmly in the `` shit happens '' mindset . 
  tragedies , idiots and conniving cunts are the norm . 
  like i said before , i 'd prefer it if the country re-instated conscription so people can be trained properly and supervised for warning signs instead of relying on some shaky `` gun culture '' concept and a check every half a decade . 
  people with guns should be held to a higher standard than a regular citizen , i know saying that is n't going to change your mind , but i do n't think it is entirely unreasonable either . 
   guns are also meant to protect . 
  no , that 's up to the use you put it to . 
  you can also kill rats , get rid of pesky cans , and so on . 
  but on the design side , the aim is to transfer force into an object , and subsequently damage it . 
  that 's what it 's mean to do , with reliability . 
  i 'm sorry , but the requirements you state assume that a person will maintain mental stability over their lifetime , that someone without a criminal record is truly innocent of a crime , that he is neither incapable or unwilling to store it safely , and so on . 
  it 's a one-off test , that allows too much to slip under the cracks or too much shit to develop over the lifetime of the owner . 
  i do n't consider it good enough supervision , in fact it 's borderline neglectful . 
  fine , but that 's an internal matter for y' all to decide . 
  do n't blame another polity , because your state 's policy is to follow along . 
  no one forced anyone into the union . 
  the price of working in a democratic system , is that occasionally you 're on the loosing side . 
  i do n't mind czechia fighting this out , but let 's not trot out the old , decrepit `` muh sovereignty '' horse . 
  it 's not my fault that switzerland and czechia decided they wanted free movement with the rest of the union , and decided to tie their legislation in line . 
  no one is singling anyone out on this , you 're free to start going your own way . 
  i understand , i 'm trying not to be unreasonable really . 
  the issue , in my mind , is not if i trust myself better to defend myself . 
  or if i trust you . 
  it 's , given what we know of society , what are the chances of someone catching everyone off-guard . 
  i would n't be so vehement about gun-laws if i knew there was a system to filter that element out , and that 's why i want gun-ownership to be tied to employment or hobby institutions . 
  that 's all i 'm asking , lowering the likely-hood of the armed nutcase . 
  i guess that shows a deep distrust in my fellow man , but that 's how things stand with me . 
  why focus on terrorism when american mass shootings have given us plenty of examples of potential consequences ? 
  guns do n't make people angry or crazy , they do n't naturally increase homicide rates . 
  a hundred other things related to homicide rates . 
  all that guns do is give a person more ability to cause harm . 
  fuel to the fire . 
  economic difficulty carries with it all sorts of unfortunate side-effects . 
  no reason to add fuel to fire . 
  i 'm a firm believer that a well armed society , has to be well disciplined society . 
  people with guns should be under constant supervision for mental health and life issues , such as policemen and soldiers . 
  weapons should be held in secure locations , like firing ranges . 
  so on . 
  i simply do n't have faith that most people are naturally `` adults '' . 
  even the most well-balanced individual is in danger of starting to slip . 
  or they might hit though economic times and decide to sell their gun . 
  or maybe they get burgled and have it stolen . 
  guns are meant to wound , and kill , they should be treated with responsibility by the whole of society and integrated wisely . 
  a knowledge test simply is n't good enough . 
  this is n't america . 
  you ca n't just yell `` freedom '' and kill an argument . 
  they should reinstate conscription atleast , so people can be well trained and obvious nutcases singled out . 
  it 's the least a civilized society would do . 
  guns are a responsibility , not a right . 
  and this is irresponsible . 
  czechia has a perfect right to do it . 
  and the rest of the union has a perfect right to defend itself against it when the unfortunate consequences leak out . 
   he was just a protectionist who wanted to improve not only his rule but the country economy as well . 
  and i fail to see how being very intelligent , cunning , bloody and scary was a bad thing , as you said he did that to survive and make a stand , make the country great again hehe , at least great enough to resist or survive a too harsh foreign domination . 
  i do n't know how people keep missing that your words were exactly my point , in opposition of the `` christian crusader '' narrative , but i clearly did n't make myself well understood . 
  have you bypassed the enlightenment or something ? 
  religion is n't something for the public sphere . 
  their religion might influence them , but if they act well and give good arguments in politics , it 's irrelevant . 
  not only irrelevant in fact , they are encouraged to not speak about it or use it as reasoning for anything they do . 
  it 's how we can have catholic , protestant , orthodox , atheists and everyone else in government without starting to kill each other again . 
   seriously ? 
  some things are firmly in `` none of your business '' territory . 
  and someone 's name and religion rest smack in the middle of that territory , and that 's where they should be kept . 
  romania has a lot of minorities , and it 's going to crack like an egg if we start jabbering about that bullshit seriously , like we do n't have actual problems to worry about . 
  do you really consider your life so lacking in stress , that you 're going to raise hell over that ? 
   even churchill or fdr would not suffice . 
  heh , `` even '' , really ? 
  if those are figures of praise to you , i 'm done , i have no response , have my capitulation . 
  there 's a good way to run a country , and there 's a bad way to run a country . 
  moral relativism does n't come into it , results matter . 
  you 're the person who tried to suggest he could compare with the man who modernized romania , expanded suffrage , adopted a legal code , established compulsory education , founded universities , and then got run out of the country because he was n't subservient to the nobility .
