  for one : it 's new technology . 
  europe is painfully traditional in so many silly ways , and as one politician put it : `` those who have vision , should wear glasses . '', 
  number two : our current and only test platform neuron , is not doing that great . 
  number three : there 's an entire moral difficulty surrounding automated killing that we 'll never really shake off . 
  the issue seems to be more about the negotiations by the states involved rather than airbus themselves . 
  instead of compromising on a common defense strategy and building equipment around that , they prefer having their own defense strategy and compromising on the airplane . 
  airbus looks more like a victim in that enviroment . 
  especially since what seems to be causing the a400m the most problems is it 's engine contractor , which it says it never wanted and it was the states attempt at trying to save a few more companies by forcing them to work together underneath the europrop umbrella . 
  `` popcorn shortage on the european continent . 
  donald trump smugly proposes new , better ( the best ! ), 
  trade deal as us agricultural policies have seen popcorn production spike during his administration to keep up with demand . '', 
  can we please get an indepth french-based article on the new party and it 's election prospects . 
  because we currently have 2 london based reporters writing about it as if we ca n't read the damn result diagram . 
  lrem is gaining a lot of seats , everybody else is n't , the left is getting the least . 
  got it . 
  i 'd like to hear about the personalities in the new party , what lobbies are interested in finding support there , how much from each camp did they get to defect . 
  you know , the actual politics of the matter that the anglomedia simply is n't offering . 
   i prefer boris johnson for comic relief . 
  careful now , you 're talking about the future leader of the conservative party and prime minister of the united kingdom . 
  you 'd have to beat out howlin ` laud ' hope , who after decades of making tory and labour politicians looks sane by comparison is probably the only one that can make this look like less of a shitshow . 
  i suggest we start preliminary negotiations with lord buckethead , at least on an advisory basis . 
  clearly , the only one in british politics with his head firmly on his shoulders , as well as a bucket . 
  better question would be : who do they represent ? 
  not what . 
  ideology in the balkans is meaningless . 
  and it 's become so in the rest of europe as well . 
  parties represent certain demographic and private interests . 
  russia always kills pan-slavism . 
  if you go see things like the slavic epic , you can see there is quite a bit of love in the shared culture . 
  but then the monstrous imperial creature rears it 's head and ruins everything . 
  it would also have been far more stable minus the sanu declaration , and the support of serbian paramilitaries and the `` rallies of truth '' . 
  there was a strong movement in serbia that genuinely thought that the other countries were holding it back and it needed to re-assert itself as greater serbia . 
  as someone currently in a union , filled with rabid nationalists who dream of `` making [ insert country ] great again '' and talking about `` faceless unelected eu bureaucrats '' which they plan to depose , i am very aware of the parallels and how they look from the outside . 
  in that context , the other countries fucking right off as quickly as possible seems damn well expected and reasonable . 
  i think they mean the ink of the writing takes a few days to try , not the goatskin . 
  also , welcome to westminster politics . 
  btw , when they vote they squeeze in a small room , and occasionally someone goes to the wrong room and has to hide in the toilets . 
  they also are n't allowed to clap and there are not enough seats for every mp so when all the parliament is there ( rarely ) people have to sit on stairs or stand . 
  and it goes on ... 
  to be fair here , serbia has a history of undermining the territorial integrity and sovereignty of everyone around it . 
  the events of the early 90s , and the current tensions with the bh and rp . 
  srpska as well as kosovo leave those events as open wounds . 
  i 'm also ok with that , but it has to be clear : not taking part makes you second tier . 
  not really out of spite , just because less standards mean more risk . 
  if the one 's who complain hate that , they can go and become no-tier , i have no problem with that . 
  but in a world which always edges towards someone getting fucked by someone bigger , their naive `` strong , independent country which needs no union '' is a pain in the ass . 
  wan na bet that in 10 years that exact euroskeptic faction will be found out to be engaging in misuse of eu funds ? 
  `` taking back our money '' likely being the comforting logic . 
  no nation births only saint , and even priests sin . 
  this is a disaster waiting to happen . 
   the ones who do n't need it like sweden iirc . 
  to me , that 's like saying the rich do n't need to avoid taxes because they 're rich . 
  no offense to swedes , but i 'm no fan of exceptionalism . 
  going to repost [ this ] ( http://eulawanalysis.blogspot.co.uk/2015/12/the-slovak-challenge-to-asylum-seekers.html ) . 
  it needs to at the very least be sent back through the proper channels , with at least the consultation of parliament if the court does n't add to that . 
  that being said , the article used describes the process as a provisional measure to begin with . 
  meaning the excuse they use that what they are actually trying to do is `` prevent permenant transfers '' for this stunt will actually be legally valid , although that is a complications that will likely pass over the heads of the average polish , slovenian or hungarian voter . 
  the process was rushed . 
  it went through none of the channels it was supposed to go , as our `` leaders '' went into emergency council-mode which is n't quite inside the eu legislative process , and started engaging in ad-hoc procedures . 
  it apparently leveraged a treaty article allowing emergency measures to be implemented to support member states . 
  specifically article 78 ( 3 ) :  3 . 
  in the event of one or more member states being confronted with an emergency situation characterised by a sudden inflow of nationals of third countries , the council , on a proposal from the commission , may adopt provisional measures for the benefit of the ember state ( s ) concerned . 
  it shall act after consulting the european parliament . 
  [ here ] ( http://eulawanalysis.blogspot.co.uk/2015/12/the-slovak-challenge-to-asylum-seekers.html ) is an extremely in depth look at the current case against the asylum quota system , as it related to the slovenian case . 
  the site has a lot more on it , but that one is the most relevant . 
  but , as a warning , all that needs to be done is for the entire procedure to be done again and correctly engaging the right institutions to be legal . 
  that being said , it would still be a `` provisional measure '' not the permanent transfers that the `` strong men '' think they are . 
  we 'll have to agree to disagree until an official statement is made . 
  personally , i suspect the asylum quotas will fall foul of the ecj before any of that comes to pass . 
  nope , sovereignty . 
  if orban breaches his own states rules , like engaging in corruption , and olaf finds out , it would send the hungarian prosecutor office a suggestion to take him to court and ... wait . 
  hungary is not in the eppo so no independent investigation can be conducted . 
  even if you have a case like poland , where we have a non-partisan venice commission from outside the eu laying out a breach of both internal rules and rule of law standards , the best that can be done is to kick the country out not actually target individual politicians . 
  so , because of sovereignty considerations orb\u00e1n is magyarorsz\u00e1g , and vice versa . 
  we can not attack him without attacking the entire country , which means article 7 , which is to much of a `` legal nuclear weapon '' to use . 
  i 'd like to see what juncker said . 
  launching an infringement procedure before the ecj delivers a case would be weird , in my opinion . 
  i think the media is getting rabid at the mention of the possibility of an infringement procedure , especially since the eastern strong men need their little conflict , so every time the asylum quota rules are even on the agenda we get another article like this running ahead of the facts based on `` anonymous diplomats '' that might or might not exist . 
  this was n't true for the copenhagen critera , with human rights and rule of law stipulations , or the cooperation and verification mechanism we are still under . 
  and thank you for that . 
  i 'll be honest , i think you guys in the west were afraid of this being imposed on you and so you failed to make an internal mechanism to ensure your own values . 
  you 're gone a bit too self-indulgent and now that someone is backsliding a bit too apathetic . 
  we 've generally had good relations with yugoslavia and now serbia . 
  that being said you 'll likely not see romanian-russian exercises any time soon . 
  you 're trusting anglo media from the article bazaar that is reuters on eu policies that have no even been made ? 
  seriously , show some guile . 
  we 're still waiting for the ecj ruling if the new asylum quota rules actually are legal or not . 
  even if this meeting does exist to set out strategy , it 's still completely dependent on that ruling . 
  security . 
  classic 19th century attitude of siding with russia hoping that russia will side with it when the time comes . 
  he does n't [ respect the dublin agreement ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/sweden-threatens-legal-action-against-hungary-unless-takes-refugees-back-migration-asylum-seekers-a7350896.html ) , so not really protecting our borders . 
  he did n't send resources to greece , so not even stemming the tide . 
  he does n't pay into the pot , and does n't sign up to the eppo to fight corruption of funds . 
  he keeps creating tensions with the countries around him . 
  and now he accuses everyone of `` siding with terrorists '' . 
  maybe it 's the eu which should be having a vote on hungary leaving ? 
  serbia still holds a grudge over kosovo and the nato bombings . 
  so it courts russia as a guarantor . 
   the article that deals with leaving the eu mentions nothing about leaving fees , but does say that all of the membership treaties are void after leaving . 
  no , it says `` the treaties '' are void .
