  and always used an event to her party advantage . 
   they dissolved the ep and created a parliament like the benelux filled by a number of representatives from national parliaments . 
  this is how the council of europe is run . 
  poorly . 
  why would you suggest this ? 
   the commission wants to push whatever changes through without a treaty change ,  on the other hand , the commission is pretty good at that . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  when has that ever happened ? 
  what the commission is doing is hedging it 's bets by putting everything on the table for the council to decide next summit . 
  and it 's them that will decide on a path , either through a treaty change or new treaties . 
  candidates implies people who did n't get the position , misunderstood . 
  i do n't like the epp , and i do n't like epp creatures . 
  but in an election period where the cry was `` the answer is n't more europe '' , it should n't be surprising that a weak candidate won . 
  the epp dominates the eu political space exactly because actual leadership and dedication in the eu is treated like garbage , insulted , and painted as `` eurozealots '' or `` eurofanatics '' by people who want something they can easily bash . 
  really ? 
  one of them is running for chancelor of germany and stands a good chance of achieving it . 
  another became the prime minister of greece . 
  so no , they were not all shitty candidates . 
  in fact they were all extremely lively and dedicated candidates , with the exception of juncker . 
  like the council 's original favorite , christine lagarde ? 
  or someone like barroso or van rompuy ? 
  wait for the election , then cast a vote for your candidate 's party . 
  until , he 's the worst of the lot of spitzenkandidaten , but at least he 's trying to live up to his role unlike his predecessor . 
  do you think there 's a difference to someone in denmark or czechia ? 
  i can tell you that in eastern europe , having foreigners being allowed to buy land and factories , while they pay you low wages would not sit well . 
  it would validate our fears that the eu will turn eastern europe into an economic colony . 
  / # 2 is the end of the eu , if you actually have your finger on the pulse of the general eu population . 
  # 2 only sounds like the desirable option if you 're part of the western upper middle class . 
  you ca n't cry about being treated like a ` sovereign ' country , and then cry some more when other countries use their ` sovereign ' right to integrate further . 
  i think countries like hungary have spent all their political good will . 
  and brexit puts a nail to the coffin of the idea that you can keep pandering to intransigence forever . 
  were you paying attention during the reform talks for external tarrifs to counter-act the chinese steel dumping ? 
  the `` pro-trade group '' faction , such as the uk , were heavily against it . 
  but the broad support was for restricting imports into the eu due to political domestic considerations . 
  i 'd go so far as to argue that the `` pro-trade group '' faction is detached from the general sentiment in europe . 
  they 're globalist neoliberals , trying to sell their `` regulation light '' philosophy of the eu to people who want completely different things . 
  the only thing they have that attaches them to the common man is the worker mobility regulation , and only in the west because people do n't understand how outsourcing in a free trade area works . 
  efta-reborn is perhaps the last thing that anyone in the eu wants right now . 
  no one wants to loose more jobs to china , nobody wants more ttip/ceta agreements , and even nafta is falling apart due to american 's realizing how outsourcing in a free trade area , where goods have more freedom than people , works . 
  we live at a time where protectionism is rising , and worker mobility and international regulation are getting heavy criticism , and you 're giving # 2 the broadest support ? 
  do n't you think you 're pandering to your own bias there ? 
   then you are confident the eu is now on a straight path to full federation ? 
  federation is not the point . 
  it was never the point . 
  the point has always been about effectiveness , getting shit that needs doing done . 
  not at all . 
   there 's quite a few squat toilets around actually . 
  used them while abroad and i 'm a fan . 
  `` euroscepticism '' , cute . 
  i like to call it as it is . 
  i honestly do n't care for your soviet expy image you 've built up in your head about us . 
  but honestly if you think it 's the , heh , `` euroscepticism '' that was the problem , you 're awfully mistaken . 
  it was never that , that 's manageable . 
  it was the fact that your media and your politics are toxic , delusional , and completely disconnected from the pulse of the continent . 
  in an institutions where alliance building was key , the uk found itself shadowboxing and talking to empty rooms . 
   draghi had made it clear that the accession of greece to the qe program requires the completion of the bailout program evaluation and the ** agreement on medium-term debt relief measures . 
  ** proper eu institution doing it 's job . 
  right , that silent support . 
  the same one that was there against juncker , the fiscal pact , and for the freedom of movement limits . 
  always there , always silent . 
  i 'm sure it will be there during the negotiations as well . 
  equally supportive . 
  have you never used a bidet ? 
  although , i 'd disagree . 
  as usual , the fins figured out the [ best way ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-zehwqbnb8z0/to67irqqiki/aaaaaaaaa64/4ju-rpb6nom/s1600/finnish+bidet.jpg ) . 
   if there were no eu as such , only a greater efta , that would surely be the british dream scenario . 
  pretty much why it was all doomed to failure for the uk . 
  nobody in europe would have allowed for a pure efta , due to our protectionist tendencies . 
  the eu was always driven by political considerations overwhelming initial knee-jerk apprehension . 
  you could always have joined the eea and gotten it . 
  if may spurning the single market has n't clued you in , what the majority of uk voters want is less immigration . 
  simple economic union would n't have gotten you that . 
  we will never find a solution to the fishing issue because the position they 've taken in regards to sustainability and our politics . 
  depending on the current state of negotiation , they are either free-riding on everyone else cutting catches , or they 're being bullied into smaller catches by everyone else . 
  and since there 's an eagerness to paint any deal as unfair , there 's always going to be contention . 
  in short , people who are dedicated to not play well with others , will always find reasons to not play well with others . 
  i think that the immediate equivalency between the eurozone and the first tier is false . 
  all the eurozone will likely join the first tier , but not all the first tier will be eurozone . 
  there is a lot to be done that has nothing at all to do with how you calculate your budget . 
  and no , it 's not always been about compromise . 
  the obsession with compromise actually lead to some of the worst years in economic development . 
  see the luxemburg compromise and the resulting eurosclerosis . 
  we need vision , direction and determination . 
  not neurotic catering to even the daftest and most self-serving of fools . 
  compromise has to be a side-effect of negotiation , not a goal in itself to sacrifice results to . 
  well we should n't then try to be part of the second speed . 
  the entire reason that the two-tier eu system is being proposed is because of governments in poland and hungary that do n't value anything that you listed . 
  and they should be put out in the cold , as is proper , otherwise we 're all just becoming a german hegemony rather than an actual union . 
  two-tier does n't mean west vs east . 
  it means those that are willing to play nice with one another , vs those that want to run tin-pot kingdoms . 
  parts of the acquis have been returned with support from the commission in 2012 : http://blog.streitcouncil.org/2012/07/24/the-eus-schengen-show-down/ the council has been gaining more power slowly since 2009 . 
  the narrative of the opposite happening is empty and flawed . 
   were some people not allowed to say certain things ? 
  well , options 3,4,5 were off the table for a decade to prevent a certain member from throwing a tantrum over the possibility of being left in the outer circle . 
  so that 's changed . 
  we already have switzerland , norway and iceland in an outer stage . 
  they 're basically adopting our rules , paying us money , and getting no vote . 
  and they think this is a perfect place to be in . 
  they actually choose to stay that way , and ca n't imagine joining . 
  if the fringe did n't want to be the fringe , they should n't be pushing to stay in the fringe .
