  worst politician to happen to europe , honestly . 
  conservative , unprincipled and compromising to the bone . 
  a younger me would have agreed but now the fact of life sunk in : no one is gon na know you even exist unless you meet them . 
  no one 's gon na know what you can do unless you tell them . 
  and no one 's going to waste time on an unknown , when a known quantity would do the job well enough . 
  that 's just life . 
  it 's not really a rot unless competence takes a complete back seat . 
  socializing is incredibly important , because it allows you to find out about things that you did n't even know you wanted to find . 
  it 's a critical skill in simply being human . 
  do n't downplay it . 
  fair enough , the morning after . 
  still , it 's looking like putting him as `` boycotting '' would be a very strong slant to take , especially when compared to the two boycotters who have been forward of their reasoning . 
  unlike the british and hungarian representatives , the french minister made a point of saying the has already arranged a meeting with the new un-secretary in paris on the day . 
  how did that become `` boycotted by the french '' to you ? 
  wow , there 's more to life and getting ahead than what you think . 
  a good deal of the problems with eastern universities is n't the education , which in stem is incomparably more rigorous than the west , it 's lack of the connections and networks to leverage that knowledge for yourself . 
  it 's mind-boggling how many really intelligent people i saw end up nowhere because they could n't get the hang of properly socializing . 
  considering my own parents where from an really old intellectual mind set of `` no labour and no free time , just study '' , i ca n't tell you how much proper work experience and good social skills are to getting ahead in the job market . 
   it was supposed to be educational program not `` party hard for eu money '' program . 
  chill , this is europe , not the us bible belt . 
  what people decide to do with their free time is their business . 
   well , to be fair : she and her unwavering trust in humanity are the only things still keeping the eu together . 
  she and her government are probably the most cynical government in europe . 
  they 've been using it as a vehicle for the epp and it 's cronys since the financial crisis . 
  seriously , do n't place the fate of europe in this woman 's hand . 
  every single crisis we 've had was because she refused to make the right choice years yearlier and then we all have to pay for it . 
  merkel represents the bland , un-principled attitude of the post-financial crisis that lead us into the messes we find ourselves today . 
  despite the media getting a hard-on for her again , her methods and policies have proven to be paving stones to eventual disaster . 
  no more europe ' a la carte ' frau merkel , and no more opportunistic politics . 
  a good deal of that is caused by running the eu/eurozone/schegen directly from the eu council of 27 leaders , which is asinine and largely caused by the desires of national leaders to play at relevance and secure their self-perception of `` having made it '' . 
  it 's a flawed system caused not by the eu , which between the commission and the foreign relations arm has the mechanisms to act under the council 's supervision , but by current political thinking which prioritizes ideological power-play over effectiveness or rule of law . 
   the memo - obtained by the times and seen by the bbc - warns whitehall is working on 500 brexit-related projects and could need 30,000 extra staff . 
  fun fact , that 's roughly as many people as work in the whole eu bureaucracy . 
  yup , the uk will need to employ an extra eu 's worth of pencil-pushers to sort out brexit . 
  source : http://openeuropeblog.blogspot.co.uk/2007/01/how-many-people-work-for-eu.html https://europa.eu/european-union/about-eu/figures/administration_en, 
   muscovici also urged his european colleagues not to be naive or think the eu was ready for a federalist leap forward , saying such a move would not be tolerated in eastern european countries intent on rediscovering their national sovereignty outside the former soviet union . 
  ok , so it 's the intermarium all over again as far as eastern europe is concerned . 
  fantastic , better start learning russian then . 
   apart from making the euro the centre of a revamped eu , he called for an end to further enlargement , a more interventionist industrial policy , and tougher anti-dumping trade rules . 
  he said a stronger eurozone required `` a real budget and creating a euro area minister of finance , accountable to the european parliament '' . 
  please , just get it done and stop talking about it . 
  it 's been 8 disappointing years of talking about it . 
  again i completely agree . 
  it mean , its telling that there are n't any official nato bases on us soil , is n't it ? 
  and allies should be able to defend each other . 
  but here 's the other catch , we ca n't . 
  physically ca n't . 
  as of today the only true blue water navy is the american navy . 
  and there are only 4 blue-ish ( limited scope ) water navies , of which 2 are in nato . 
  why ? 
  we ca n't afford to build the infrastructure to support it like the us can . 
  we ca n't build several carriers off one model . 
  we ca n't afford to have a large air transport fleet support outside of a handful of aircraft in france or germany . 
  not because of the 2 % not being reached , but because our biggest countries can barely afford 1 carrier alone , and that does not make a mass-production industry work . 
  so again , we hit the same barriers . 
  barriers which we will hit whenever we talk about europe in an defensive or support situation : no amount of money can fix the systematic byzantine balkanization of our military capabilities . 
  asking for more , and just more , only leads to a false sense of security and cooperation when in fact little would be done . 
  the only way forward , for the eu itself , as an ally , and as a geopolitical counterweight , is in a european defense force . 
  i agree , it 's unfair . 
  but that 2 % is n't going to make europe any safer . 
  at best it 'll be a sort of ritual castigation to please those who have the size and resources to actually field a modern conventional armed force , doing little in smaller nation rather than diverting funds from required programs . 
  the only true and fair solution is to see the creation of european governed systems , that fit european strategic needs , with european decided budgetary requirements . 
  so that the small 2 % s of every small nation do n't get wasted on the salaries of the incompetent , or hard-to-maintain 3rd hand equipment instead of going to a hospital or a school . 
  it 's a weak system . 
  i ca n't believe how many are blaming others for what is clearly something unworkable to begin with . 
  there are so many arguments to be made about how even if applied , the 2 % is an empty number with no security value to be gained , especially in lithuania and latvia . 
  arguing for a rule , simply because it 's the rule , without purpose , spirit or intention is simply bureaucratic kafkaism . 
  atleast if we had a legal percentage as part of eu defense contribution there would be a legal mechanisms around it , including democratic oversight from parliament committee and accounting supervision . 
  and if that is the case why not arrange the system so latvia and lithuania do n't feel like their throwing money they need into thin air , or that france is subsidizing eastern security . 
  well , to be fair it depends what arrangements are made . 
  while i did not approve of how ceta was handled , it was n't as bad as i thought . 
  having state parliaments involved in such decision might , or might not , be a future structure we 'd adopt . 
   a eu army is delusional because a eu army would entail that some institution on eu level ( be it the pariliament or the commission ) would decide whether for example german citizen could be send to war or not . 
  that is a decision i want our parliament and our parliament only to take . 
  if a someone decided to volunteer for a eu army , that is the informed decision they made , like everyone who volunteers for every army . 
   respectfully , i think it is that sort of thinking which is really polarising this issue . 
  europe can , and has been , acting as a bloc . 
  i know not a soul in europe who is against a strong and united europe when it comes to alliances -- the problems only come with the bureaucracy and policy that comes from it . 
  but is bureaucracy really a problem ? 
  because all objective proof is that replacing 27 bureaucracies with one works . 
  is policy really a problem ? 
  because in the end every single eu ( not eurozone/esm/schengen ) policy comes from the same democratic voting process all nations enjoy . 
  the eu is more in the public eye than nato , the wto , the un , the imf , organizations which are filled with special interests , favoratism and blackmail . 
  and the eu suffers for it , instead of the public using it to reform it in a way they ca n't with those organization . 
  the eu public narrative is broken , ass backwatds , focused on maintaining an unmaintainable status quo out of a fear of change , `` nihil nuovi '' modernized . 
  we are waiting for our fall of corinth to wake up , our repnin sejm , and that might be too late . 
   nato exerts pressure because it is a coalition of not only america ( which is a huge player in it ) but the biggest powers on the planet . 
  a european sort of nato would be a force to be reckoned with ( if we put some more money into it that is ) . 
  i 'm sorry but as an eastern europe we knew what we were getting out of it , and it 's was n't the `` biggest powers on the planet '' , which after no 1 really are a far second to tenth . 
  we were getting america . 
  and they are the ones sitting at the syria table , not any european nations . 
  and yes are under the us umbrella , but we do n't matter . 
  not our economies , out migrant crisis , out lack of trade with north africa . 
  this has to change . 
  i guess it 's just differing definitions . 
  to me nato is a loose alliance . 
  largely upheld by the ability of the us to provide a cohesive military and foreign policy core along which the other members attach . 
  we already see the effects of this fragile system right now . 
  turkey distancing itself from that core , the us itself shaking confidence in `` american benevolence '' , and systematic deficiencies in both funding and coordination . 
  a true effective alliance requires the ability to exert pressure , coordinate to specific location and time , and maintain webs of non-obvious relationships .
