  it 's about representation , governance and fairness as a result of the uk 's inability to federalize properly . 
  now , i understand how `` identity '' does n't play a part in democracy is hard to understand . 
  for example , the uk does n't have an `` ethnic minority '' party , so has no idea how to discuss and arrange things with them to not make them feel alienated . 
  the uk also does n't have regions like tyrol or szeklerland , or quebec . 
  many would even find the idea of switzerland or india as multi-ethnic , multi-linguistic , multi-religious polities completely alien . 
  but despite this , it 's easy to recognize that democracy is not about create a common homogenic `` demos '' , but about solving the problem of a heterogenic society of different opinions through representation and rule based compromise . 
  they deep fry pizza . 
  it 'd be doing them and humanity a favour . 
  the fact that we 're not governed in the style of a celebrity reality show ? 
  yeah , we 're truly missing out on some dank bants and viral pmq tweets . 
  but this brexit show has been too damn good to compete with anyway . 
  it 's like a new thick of it , except without the good acting . 
  because the world does n't quite work with `` do the right thing , get rewarded '' . 
  it 's the just world fallacy . 
  and because not all germans are saint , i mean look at the new berlin airport , and not all non-germans are sinners . 
  so because we ca n't think in moral terms , we have to thing in practical future terms : what do we want out of this in the next ten years ? 
  and i 'll talk from the german point of view . 
  from the german point of view , the best thing is to maintain non-german demand . 
  now , with the economic slowdown , the more than likely increase in energy costs wordwide , and the what looks like impending end of globalization all signs point to the opposite of this if things continue as they are . 
  so we have to improve demand despite this , or leverage current resources to increase efficiency . 
  the best way to do this is to help push southern away from the momentum of failure that has come over them . 
  and a lot of it is simple momentum , looses tending to keep loosing in the real world . 
  but now that we 're seeing spanish growth , we can hope to accelerate it and so increase the economics prosperity and demand of the future . 
  i 'm not saying that we should n't continue pushing hard for reforms , in the same vein the hartz reforms , but those reforms would be a lot more palatable if they were n't in the middle of lack of economic growth , otherwise we risk populist instability the same way we saw the pointless greek referendum reverse growth trends . 
  now , that 's my two cents . 
  and honestly , i do n't believe there 's anything germany can spend on alone that will truly benefit both germans and the southern economies , but i feel that 's the heart of the argument and we have to built on it on a european level . 
   the point of contention here is not about whether the governments are negotiating with each other , but how the people are involved in the system : either through the intermediary of their own national governments , or if there exists a common decision-making institution with some sort of democratic basis but you see how arbitrary that distinction is , right ? 
  representative democracy works on elected officials and their intermediaries . 
  the difference between a national government or electoral constituency is to some degree a question of scale , not nature . 
  the major difference between intergovernmental and federalist representative models is n't in how democratic they are . 
  but how ` liberal ' , in the classical sense , they are . 
  that liberalness involves the transparency , procedural elements , separation of powers , judicial oversight , constitutionality , and other such ` undemocracy hurdles ' that help democratic governance work better . 
  that is the true point of contention in the eu . 
  not the democratic value of the common governance , but it 's effective ability to be fair and just by having good and right rules . 
  a lot of militaristic expansion resulted from early civilization , but was not the root cause . 
  the logistics , leadership and institutional stability needed could be just as equally used to build a cathedral , create paved roads as to conquer a city . 
  in itself , the tool is not evil . 
  and cooperation is a powerful tool capable of great construction and destruction . 
  the values are what decide . 
  and if we refuse to cooperate under european values , we will be confronted and eventually beaten by those that cooperate under far more tyrannical desire . 
  can german public push their government to pull this guy from the commission ? 
  he is becoming more than an embarrassment , and verging on security risk . 
   whats your source ? 
  the bill says the td commading officer will be designed by the president of the republic . 
  it also says td is the fifth component of polish army . 
  right in the article : `` the head of the new force will report directly to macierewicz , bypassing the command structure of the rest of the armed forces . '', 
   and the point you have chosen talks about the danger of `` green men '' , the hybrid war . 
  the issue is that this goes way beyond . 
  this literally makes any and all government opposition open to suspicion . 
  if they have to deal with a future maidan , they can accuse them of being foreign agents and attack them . 
  the very language of the promotion , talking about faith and christian culture , is eerie , as if it to become a moral police . 
  and because they 're not part of the police , they do n't need to follow police standards like habeas corpus . 
  because they 're not part of the military command structure , they do n't need to respond to any officer outside the organization . 
   if you think pis would be able to overthrow democracy , then i cant help you . 
  ok , but if you are in poland . 
  be careful . 
  these moves that have been happening are not the moves of a government interested of being separated from power . 
  the national guard is part of the us armed forces . 
  you keep missing that this force is separate from the armed forces and respond directly to the minister . 
  this is highly unorthodox , because it means that the minister does n't need to inform anyone else of any orders he gives to them . 
  let 's just focus on one point . 
  in the draft it says `` equipped with machine-guns , a uniformed paramilitary formation can be an effective tool to prevent and deter anti-government activity . '' what counts as anti-government activity ? 
  what if pis arranges it so that they always are the government ? 
  edit : and i apologize for the pop culture reference . 
  admittedly it stopped the natural reaction these days to throw out any argument that draws parallels with the rise to power of the national socialists of germany . 
  the creation of politically controlled paramilitaries slowly gaining more say in internal security is a very old tactic for authoritarian governments . 
  it 's practically cliche . 
  i was familiar of it since age 8 watching scifi , the nightwatch slowly taking over babylon 5 . 
  but the origin of the tactic has roots in the gestapo . 
  having paramilitary units outside of police and military protocols , responding directly to the government is a bad idea . 
  having them as volunteer instead of professional is a bad idea . 
  arming them is a bad idea . 
  giving the the task of fighting ** `` anti-disinformation in defense of civil security and the cultural heritage of the polish nation . '' ** is a bad idea . 
  this is seriously getting ludicrous , anybody with experience in the old communist regime recognizes the dangers of this . 
   thats the way the opposition spins things . 
  same as in us . 
  shelter in party politics and amercanist whataboutism does not make an idea good . 
  it 's a deflection tactic . 
  the issue is that this armed force is outside the military structure and under direct political leadership . 
  this is a bad sign , since it means it 's outside the established mores and laws of the military , which do not respond directly to the party in power but to the good of the nation . 
  in a way the military takes the same stance as the judiciary , maintaining an independent system of governance that is checked by the government . 
  much like judicial branch then , this is another attempt at undermining divisions of power inside government , and centralize control under the ruling party . 
  they 're creating a parallel military force in other words . 
  you have valid reasoning , and that is indeed the intellectual weakness of the anti-austerity movement , but in this case , at least for the german budget , there is a budgetary surplus that can be used to push the macroeuropean economy , as well as high predicted growth in spain . 
  considering the ecb has been calling for ` mild ' fiscal stimulus from member states , i assume that there is a good case to be made for it despite the reasons you mention . 
  we also have to take into account that allowing budget deficits might be the only way the eu commission can act on the ecb suggestion , since it lacks a significant budget of its own . 
  so this is just an imperfect tool , but the only one it can use . 
  of course you have no idea . 
  put me under that other concept you have trouble with : `` playing by the same rules '' . 
  clearly we 're all too inbred to understand the weird narrative you built for yourself . 
  lovely jooana , ca n't say i missed the old arguments that calling collective cooperation a `` corporation '' instead of a `` government '' some how makes it qualitatively different . 
  the fact that , for example the glasgow city council used to be called the glasgow corporation does n't clue you in to the arbitrariness of the divide at all . 
  and how in all reason you manage to remove the concept of `` people cooperating with people '' from the sphere of life called `` politics '' is beyond me , just throwing all political science since plato down the drain is something that simply does n't occur to me to do . 
  but i 'm not surprised . 
  not from you . 
  really ? 
  checking the wikipedia page menderes sounds like the worst possible thing that could have happened to turkey . 
  but the shutting down of those sounds like the work of someone truly uninterested in the future of the country . 
  i 'm absolutely stumped he can speak english , myself . 
  i suspect he 's reading a phonetic teleprompter .
