  we wonder why so many citizens are unhappy with the unelected bully . 
  no , you wanted an eu hand out and did n't want to loose a card against it , so you refrained from assuring eu citizens on anything . 
  nicola sturgeon on the other hand came on the next day of the referendum and made a speech promising eu citizens she will do anything possible to keep them welcome and comfortable in scotland , bless her heart . 
  the only uk politician on television that night as the rest had a communal meltdown at what they 've just done . 
  i 'm sorry but the moment the uk said `` no customs union '' it pretty much shot up and killed any supposed `` no border '' plan that it `` agreed '' with ireland . 
  and i think ireland has a few words of it 's own regarding any border with the eu to protect your freedom of movement and customs issues . 
  and i 'm sorry , who waited half a year to submit art 50 , and then delayed it another half year to have an election ? 
  world 's smallest violin in my hands right now , playing for you . 
  there was also a proposal for a tougher european border force . 
  guess two things which are not going to happen . 
  hell even the current quota system is likely not going to get through the ecj due to the shoddy way it was done . 
  i deleted that part because it was off topic , and i was talking about both past and present members . 
  but to answer your question : efta members have had the longest run of exceptionalist stances ever since the uk abandoned the group and started the collapse . 
  denmark and sweden constantly ask for exceptions . 
  norway and iceland rely on irrelevance to the point of not wanting the uk back in case the eu opens the files again to actually look at what they 're getting for keeping them `` in '' . 
  and switzerland is a bloody bitch of a situation since it excepted itself from the eea as well , and negotiatied point by point , and now thinks it can do it further . 
  negotiating with efta members to bring them in was the big mistake that precipitated a culture of weakness inside the institution and continued the eurosclerosis period for another 10 years until even the efta 's got tired of it and supported the creation of the eu . 
  my suspicion is that the negotiating strategy is for the eu to do all the work and calculations , and then just sit back and say yes or no . 
  i 'm not going to be surprised if they 're not even going to propose a north ireland plan , and will just wait until the eu finds a solution . 
  my experience is that eea is used only for non-eu members . 
  well , that depends . 
  do you not think libya or eritrea are warzones ? 
  the issue here is that economic migrants are posing as asylum seekers , since the large number of asylum seekers makes weeding them out difficult . 
  stop the asylum glut , you make it easier to spot the economic migrants which we can legally return . 
   well so far they gave no answer so i am gon na suspect the obvious that it was not worth reporting ? 
   well then just send them right over to germany , why have a middle man when the end result is clear like i said , crime of bloody politics . 
  it 's like reality tv but with less money involved . 
  merkel needs to look like she 's lowering refugee numbers in germany . 
  she 's actually been doing a decent job of it . 
  this quota thing is supposed to bring a scent of legality to moving them from greece without angering the public and i imagine greece made some deal in return . 
  merkel , you have to remember is a conservative . 
  she is not a bleeding heart . 
  she 's the one who in 2012 schemed to make imposing internal borders with inside schengen easier . 
   we do support eu approach to stopping the crisis , but it seems that eu is only content on distributing the problem rather than solving it here 's the thing you might not know : the eu is not really in charge of schengen and has no common asylum or refugee policy . 
  so it 's all members states . 
  and merkel has been trying to get deals with african nations , while italy has tried to get agreements with lybian authorities . 
  everyone is trying something , including the turkey deal . 
  now while i would really like an actual eu-wide policy . 
  you ca n't say nothing is being done , stuff is being done . 
  but , like i said above , crime of politics . 
  it 's not flashy enough to notice , it 's all fairly low-brow deals that anger ngos . 
  america had to deal with similar issues with their cuban problem , with similar results . 
  but we 're not really dealing with illegal immigration in the way mexican 's passing the rio grande are , are we ? 
  we 're dealing with people coming in to greece , applying for asylum , then going to macedonia , applying again , then going to serbia , again the same thing , and then finally hitting croatia or hungary and doing it one more time to finally get into the eu proper . 
  no one stopping them at any point , because nobody wants them to begin with . 
  border protection does n't fix that . 
  unless we border the entire southern and eastern mediterranean to prevent them from ever setting foot on continental soil . 
  which we ca n't . 
  we 're dealing with a set of legal and diplomatic issues , for which the american `` build fence '' mentality simply has no solutions . 
   this is the only source in english i can find , rest of it is in czech mostly . 
  i 'm not seeing a refusal there . 
   well the perception here is that if we comply with the mechanism then there is nothing thats gon na push for actual solution to the crisis , which is as you said to force those countries to accept their citizens back . 
  we feel like the flow is only gon na continue and we are only gon na get more migrants redistributed to us with no end in sight . 
  but , as we discussed , the migrants do n't want to stay and head to germany right ? 
  so i do n't see the problem . 
  and i have no doubt that 's the perception in czechia . 
  it 's the same in all of the e.e. 
  no ability to fix the situation on their own , and no willingness to act through the eu , so inferiority complexes kick in , in relation to germany and the rest . 
  as if germany wants any of them at all . 
   v4 stance is that no `` quota systems '' will help , until eu will figure out how to protect its borders . 
  and they declare to put resources towards the problem solution . 
  except the eu is not in charge of the borders , and when the proposal came to actually give teeth to frontex you know who the cried `` muh soverenteh '' . 
  yeah , poland , hungary , the usuals . 
  thanks buddy . 
   experience teaches that the `` temporary system designed fo , what , a 120.000 people '' is just the beginning . 
  does it ? 
  what experience ? 
   i also believe that the countries should respect the voted ammount . 
  yet the decision to vote for the system was extremly unpopular in those countires . 
  the reality is , that any goverment that decides to comply with it , will lose the elections ( like it happened in poland ) . 
  loosing a vote sucks , i know . 
  but it 's still a vote . 
   well for starters our minister of interior has repeatedly made offers to italy and greece of sending our policemen and equipment to help with managing the migrant inflow , so far they do not seem to want our help . 
  really ? 
  was that actually a thing said ? 
   i guess we could do the same and pretend we comply , only to have all of the supposed asylum seekers flee to germany , but what does that solve ? 
  why keep this charade up when everyone knows its not working ? 
  crime of politics : perceptions matter . 
  i know , it 's shit welcome to the world . 
  we need to make deals with african and asian countries and pay them money to take them back , but that takes time . 
  until a theatre needs to be played that makes it look like everything is stable and no one is being overwhelmed . 
  if that means refugees are abandoning e.e for germany , then no skin of our nose . 
  merkel 's problem . 
  see , this is how bloody ignorant you are , right there . 
  no fucking clue beyond the right wing nutjob media . 
  in the 1990s when the yugoslavian wars were a thing , and the reaction to refugees from there was none different . 
  and even back then , they fled to germany , there were `` fake yugoslavs '' in the form of other eastern europeans , and a quota was proposed by germany to other western countries to handle them . 
  and for the past 20 years the conversation in the west has been how much a mistake that , and the eastern expansion was . 
  merkel actually campaigned on `` multiculturalism has failed '' platform . 
  a month before the famous refugee speech , she made a little palestinian girl cry as she told her germany was full . 
  the west does n't want them , the west never wanted them . 
  the whole point of dublin agreement was that the west does n't want them . 
  the battle with the eu parliament in 2012 over internal borders was because the west does n't want them . 
  so where to you get this idea that the west wants them ? 
  breibart and the idiot channels that give you a strawman . 
  and if you 're going to accuse the western states of `` bringing them in '' , then yeah you 're going to argue against international law . 
  because , this might come as utter shock to your goldfish attention span , but they knew there was going to be a migration flood since 2007 , this is a predictable consequence of the entire geopolitcal setup accelerated by the iraq war and arab spring . 
  no one invited them , they are coming much like easterner did in 1990 for a piece of the prosperity pie . 
  and your `` hot potato '' blame game offers zero solutions besides making you feel like self-rightous . 
  yes , the entire system is currently broken , but you 're not bloody helping .
