  say what you want about verhofstadt , but i do n't think i 've ever heard him blame the uk for the problems of the eu , even after brexit . 
  that 's been a fairly one sided state of affairs . 
  the horrifying part is that i do n't think he 's being manipulative . 
  i think that this is his natural state of mind , and ca n't comprehend a reality where the things he says are n't true . 
  anything that does n't benefit the chauvinistic ego is immediately discounted as hostile , wrong and a failure . 
  anything less than praise is hate , anything less than submission is hostility , and anything less than total surrender is punishment . 
  it 's normalized psychological trumpism . 
  quoting barnier and the german car industry as if they have n't already come out saying they 're being misrepresented and misquoted to support the brexit agenda . 
  and this is the bbc . 
  the british media is in full gaslighting mode . 
  the point of the eu is that no country really should have influence , instead the laws of the eu and it 's institutions are the ultimate arbiter . 
  this is to prevent a return of the alliances , and balance of power setups . 
  the reason germany became so influential is because of the intergovernmental setup of the separate eurozone , esm and schengen , that were never really integrated into the eu proper . 
   a lot of people seem to hate juncker though . 
  maybe , but the ones most willing to express it seem to hate everyone . 
  juncker , schulz , verhofstadt , timmermans , absolutely everybody . 
  and they use the same words , arogant , detached , europhile , etc. 
  because they do n't actually care who it is , they have an idea in their head and everybody else just has to fit into it . 
   the eu becomes a full sovereign state and the member-states lose that status . 
  they all disband their foreign ministries and diplomatic services , lose their seats at the un , etc and it all gets replaced with a single eu equivalent . 
   art . 
  42.7 of teu gets replaced with the text of art . 
  5 of nato things no one really cares about , because they are pointless , symbolic gestures , that trigger the imagination of people for who it would be a nightmare to see it happen . 
  the foreign ministries serve their purpose of representing their countries in the council and outside . 
  they should be integrated into a larger mechanism and given consistency of purpose and method , not disbanded . 
  the un is a largely symbolic organization who we do n't need to deal with , and we can interact with through france once the previous step is done . 
  and we do n't need to amend any treaties to implement a de facto defence alliance . 
  you will never see anything you listed happen , because no one who you 'd consider a `` europeanist '' actually cares . 
  we 're not actually out to get your mythical sovereignty . 
   but the issue here is n't how nicely you can string pretty words with a broad meaning together , it 's how you want to go about doing that , i.e. 
  the concrete steps that would lead to that . 
  and it is of supreme importance , because the way they are implemented will define who gets to decide what ( resp . 
  wo n't be able to decide anymore ) in the future . 
  and evidently , there are significant divergences in opinions then read the countless commission reports dealing with that . 
  not to mention the think tank suggestions , and defence white papers that form part of the `` idea '' ecosystem . 
  because there is a steady stream of actual reform being proposed , not empty vague words . 
  although , that might require getting informed on the eu , true anathema to some . 
  i was was talking about the `` shared values '' of the epp parties that make them large in their home countries . 
  the epp parties are surprisingly consistent in their way . 
  so another juncker . 
  because juncker was the weakest tea you could get from the other candidates , and probably overall seeing tajani . 
  yeah , but people expect them to be shit and sell out , as well as do nothing besides keep things going as they are , so they 've got a fairly solid foundation . 
  at least wherever the ecr is n't already in charge by promising the same , but with less taxes . 
  in politics , apparently being consistently shit and honest about it is a selling point . 
  just look at how impervious le pen is to criticism now . 
  all your examples are honestly ideological garbage . 
  `` federalization '' , `` super state '' , `` replacing nato '' are all vague catchphrases used by the opposition to scaremonger , not actual policies . 
  this is the problem . 
  those who actually offer solutions by creating organizations and systems to solve actual , real life problems , are meet with this ideological idiocy regarding `` what we all really want ? '' . 
  the ecj , the spitzenkandidat system , the border force , integrating the esa , shared armed command come under immediate attack , despite being concrete policies with concrete results . 
  what we want is prosperity , what we always wanted is prosperity . 
  but every time we try to lay down a damn strategy , set out some building blocks , the reactionaries attack because they have something solid to hold on to : the status quo . 
  and the fact that the status quo is breaking apart and falling to pieces , does n't seem to concern them as long as the answer is n't `` more europe '' , whatever that means , and they can pretend they live in the 19th century . 
  all we have to do is look how the british dealt with the middle east and see the result . 
  the same thing promised to 3 different factions . 
  and we 'll fall for it too , because we are n't learning a thing . 
  in what world do you live in where everyone in an organization is on the same page ? 
  there were always the federalists , the functionalists and the intergovernmentalists . 
  and they fought , and usually the functionalists played king-maker to the federalists or intergovernmentalists depending on short terms benefits . 
  the `` europeanists '' do n't exist , they 're a europhobe boggieman , to simplify a struggle they do n't want to understand , while creating a neat little strawman that does n't fit a naive ideal of organization and politics . 
   russia is european-y . 
  certainly moreso than turkey how you can tell someone does n't know anything about russia . 
  they have more in common with each other at this point , than they do with the rest of europe . 
   i 'm sure you 've noticed that they are one and the same right now . 
  that 's not how it works mate . 
  there 's a reason why those investigating watergate did n't get get sentenced for treason for trying to depose a president . 
  the man is not the office . 
   institutions also come and go , and criticism of the eu is not the same as attacking europe . 
  the eu is not a country , and there is no reason to accord it the same respect as one . 
  whatever lets you sleep at night . 
  but that 's all rationalizing what is essentially continental destabilization , and divide and conquer . 
  the presidency is an office , trump is a person . 
  they are not one of the same . 
  a comment on trump , is not an attack on the presidency , or america . 
  because presidents and candidates , come and go , are good or bad , but the office and the institution it leads are of a different nature , and treated with respect and expected respect in return . 
  because in the end , whoever is in charge , continuity must be kept . 
  the fact that you do n't get that , that you 've confused the office and the man , and that you consider his personal feelings worthy of becoming national policy , is worrying . 
  the fear of `` bias '' has gotten to the point where a news agency would put someone saying unicorns exist on air , just to make sure they 're not criticized . 
  it 's basically what has happened to vaccine and climate change debates . 
  not every argument has two equally valid sides . 
  sometimes the sky is simply blue , and there 's no bias in saying that . 
  i really do n't understand what arguments can be made for what the government is doing . 
  a lot of powerful people are facing charges of abuse of power . 
  and now they 're using that power to prevent that . 
  because we , admittedly , did n't come out for the parliamentary election leading to a 40 % turnout . 
  that 's it , how can you reasonably put it any other way ? 
   but after that the greek economy should start growing again . 
  just like argentina . 
  it 's what happens now that we focus on bias instead of accuracy . 
  italy was n't a dictatorship either for nearly 50 years , they just had a single party winning election after election . 
  then mani pulite happened and it brought down their so called `` first republic '' . 
  you can always say `` we are not a dictatorship '' , and be technically correct . 
  that does n't hide the new feudal system being built along party lines inside the government . 
  this is likely why the uk government is preparing for straight wto status , rather than trusting the negotiation . 
  any result that does not confirm the overwhelming belief in the uk that it should get an advantageous deal for itself would see her government fall . 
  so better to cut ties hard and blame the eu , than look weak . 
  that 's like arguing someone is n't sick because the symptoms are mild . 
  and no , that fight is far from over , the law is being recent through slower channels . 
  i remember the early years of erdogan and putin , it was n't obvious then what is obvious now . 
  but you did n't need to be a genius to spot the direction they were heading .
