  but we 've seen schauble attack the commission and threatening to re-structure it repeatedly . 
  we 've heard of european leaders planning to disband the spitzenkandidat system next election , since they got caught out last time . 
  ( https://www.neweurope.eu/article/merkel-and-cameron-to-abolish-european-parliament-form-commissions-presidential-elections/ ) and we 're seeing a future where more and more governments will attempts to pander to the eurosceptic right . 
  this is not a future that promises cooperation . 
   the truth is that for a macro level analysis that 's totally appropriate . 
  especially on contradistinction for one another . 
  except they 're not in contradiction are they ? 
  what we 've been seeing in the west is the same `` return to the golden age '' rethoric that fundamentalist islam used . 
  even the left , between those trying to clumsily mimic the civil rights movement and those regurgitating half-understood marxist rethoric are falling in line . 
  we 're seeing a more generic rise of `` return to the past '' mentality , rather than a clash of civilizations . 
   if you 'd actually look , you 'd see how the eu has been steadily gaining in power even throughout the crisis it actually seems to be the opposite in my opinion . 
  despite declarations by both pro-eu and anti-eu forces that increased integration is happening we 've been seeing the council take more and more powers , and the parliament/commission become less and less relevant . 
  we 're fighting a loosing battle for the integrity of european society since 2009 , victory is actually far from certain , and it 's very likely that again we will see the european leaders start fighting over nothing while fires start burning higher and higher . 
   best case scenario any eu army would still always be just a le pen or another schr\u00f6der away from being an impotent mess . 
  no thank you . 
  if true , how is that any different than the present situation ? 
  and is it true at all , considering we 'd be running in from the eu parliament and council , where people can get outvoted ? 
   and if this was the case , then member states would lose independent functionality and therefore sovereignty . 
  we already do n't have independent functionality , and therefore sovereignty . 
  the libyan debacle had france and the uk running it , and they did n't last a week before running out of munitions and asking for us support . 
  the reality of the present is far worse then you 're making it seem . 
  and for everything else : if you make a goal to defend the principle of self-determination , then a lot of questions about defending the territories of members becomes very clear . 
  and since in europe we do , then it 's not up for questioning if we will . 
  the issue is that all the low-hanging fruit has already been done under nato and what is left requires unitary command and requisition . 
  uniting that under several governments means the armed forces have to respond to several masters unless we create new regional governments in which votes can be done and committees assembled . 
  in comparison the eu already has a parliament and an executive , making such unification more manageable without mixed signals by virtue of decision by majority . 
  that 's pretty much the one sentence requirement to joining the eu in the first place . 
  so i asked you about how exactly would `` eu bureaucrats '' get control of the army , and you go on tangent about how `` countries will never be in favor '' . 
  do n't tell me what countries or people will or wo n't do , that 's their businesses not yours . 
  and do n't deflect . 
  when you say non-sense , expect to be questioned on it . 
   the memories of the big brother trying to teach their pupils a good lesson by invading them are still fresh , you know . 
  let me guess , the soviet union . 
  comparing the eu with the soviet union/warsaw pact is ignorance , the later never had democratic ambitions . 
  and the soviet union never needed a warsaw pact army to invade . 
  but again , you have n't answered my question . 
  and i know you ca n't , because we both know an army is already ruled by `` unelected bureaucrats '' called officers , which respond to the political offices : parliament , state representatives , and executive . 
  and we already have a parliament , state representatives and executive on the eu level . 
  the eu is a democratic entity . 
  at least to those that have a grasp on reality , instead of desperately trying to fit the eu peg into the soviet union hole . 
   the treaties specifically talks about `` an ever closer union '' as a main goal of european integration . 
  a lot of people actually wanted it to say `` federal union '' , but it was blocked by the british , iirc . 
  explain to me , how the british blocked that wording in the treaty of rome . 
  a treaty they had no part in negotiation or founding . 
  there is no legal requirement . 
  but everyone knows america is footing the bill and they 're the one who set nato defense policy . 
  they pay the piper , they call the tune , and they expect everyone to dance , and we do . 
  because they 're the ones than can walk away . 
   yeah , people are forgetting basic things like the fact that eu does n't even have a common foreign policy . 
  fixable . 
   secondly , i would n't feel comfortable with the fact that brussels bureaucrats would have an army . 
  how do you think that works , really ? 
  have you given it any thought ? 
  because that sounds like `` eurosceptic argument generator '' material , rather than reasoning . 
  we do n't need to match us military , we do n't have us ambitions . 
  we just need to outperform it in our own borders and on the immediate regional neighborhood . 
  something we currently ca n't do despite spending a 4th of its massive budget . 
  how about you and them compromise on that ? 
  hmm ? 
  but we should n't be afraid to show people the door . 
  to much is at stake . 
  do political bodies have end goals ? 
  does the france have an end-goal where it says `` ok , we 're done , we 'll stop now '' ? 
  the eu is us . 
  it 's what we decide it is . 
  it 's not a foreign power with it 's own ideas and wishes . 
  and `` full federalization '' is not a real term . 
  it 's an empty receptacle of euro-phobic narrative , which means whatever you want it to mean , and likely fear most . 
  and we ca n't stand still because some are afraid of their own self created boogeyman . 
  `` full federalization '' . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  why do we have to listen to this non-sense when we 're discussing actual tangible issues with tangible benefits rather than ideological phobias of the perpetually cantankerous . 
  the first in an arbitrary designation for a geographical feature , and the later actually matters . 
   anyone who disagrees with the eu should leave . 
  yes . 
  if you do n't believe in the benefits of cooperation in the eu they should . 
  what 's the point in being in it otherwise ? 
  world 's too insane to pander to vacillating stooges anymore . 
  http://www.stats.govt.nz/census/2013-census/info-about-the-census/forms-guidenotes.aspx answer : new zealand european, 
   i am looking forward to this december 's summit , in particular because of this : dont . 
  nothing of use has come out of a summit since the esm in ~ 2011 . 
  its become a dinning event for non g7/20 countries to feel influential and everyone to bicker about everything knowing that the summary document about how great the summit went has already been written before it began . 
  new zealand uses pakeha/european interchangably for non-mauri and people identify as such . 
  this seems to apply to people whos ancestors were african dutch as well . 
   that crook would never be where he is today without the support of big business he would n't be where he is today if people actually payed attention for what they were voting for during eu elections . 
  consider that . 
  i do n't imagine the facts at hand will make it any easier when the time comes . 
  i expect we 'll see it 's budget either slowly shrink or an increase in the burden on france/germany to keep it as is . 
  i 'll be surprised if we do n't see them both try to institutionalize it in the eu in 2030 to tap into the communal eu budget . 
  and i wo n't be surprised when we see a slow decline in market launches as negotiations between governments stall . 
  it 's also documented that they called themselves by their principate ( ex . 
  `` moldovean/moldoveneste '' ) and variations on roman , not just vlah . 
  i think the trap is thinking monolithicly . 
  it 's pretty clear that the division of the latin people in the balkans did n't allow for a cohesive cultural vocabulary until late in the enlightenment . 
  probably pisses off the ethno-mythologistsbecause it makes their continuity narrative untidy , but that 's life . 
  did and did n't . 
  it 's complicated , very hotly debated , and likely never to be put to rest . 
  a lack of clear native latin sources from the balkans pre-16th century , the dark ages hitting the balkan latins pretty bad , as well as the tremendous effort during the romanticist period to portray the daco-romanian branch as pure latin heritage has fuzzied the picture to the point of frustration . 
  my pet theory is that anyone during the pre-romantic period called themselves whatever seemed appropriate at the time and place without any thought of a larger ethnic participation , the state of politics , education and travel being what it was . 
  ah , claiming the title of emperor of rome .
