  for the past millennium we 've been the former , with predictable results . 
  we should aim at becoming a more cohesive force , and by doing so rise above . 
  varoufakis for president of the commission 2019 .  let 's see how far we can push this timeline . 
  there 's an entire world out there of chaos and killing you can join if that 's how you want to see it . 
  live there . 
  but this is europe , we should n't ever be soft but we 're not monsters either . 
  this is and will remain the center of civilization . 
   but we already spend billions on foreign aid and that has n't prevented the mass immigration nor generated any noticeable economic growth . 
  this has been the west policy for decades . 
  you 're right , and honestly we have to do much better . 
  it 's time we learned from the chinese on this actually . 
  they 've done a lot more for east africa by their methods than we give them credit . 
  there is already an east african economic community . 
  same has been done in the carribean . 
  i think we can establish child-unions in north africa ad the levant if we took lessons from us and them and started applying them as our foreign policy . 
  honestly , starting a pan-north african european peacekeeping mission might be a very good idea if we can find someone to play our cards right . 
  although considering moroco 's bad reputation because of west saharah , algerian 's experience with france , libyas chaos , and egypts dictatorship we 'd be hard pressed to find someone that can manage that . 
   why are we required to care about africa ? 
  why not fucking bangladesh , or , i dont know , maybe ukraine that is actually in europe and kinda at war . 
  i agree about ukraine 100 % . 
  but think about it , we need trading partners , we need security partners , at our most cynical we need a stable `` sphere of influence '' . 
  we have to treat africa the same way we 'd treat a poor flee infested dog , feed it , strengthen it , clean it , and turn it to our side . 
  we do n't kill unarmed people . 
  that sort of ties our hand . 
  we have to be better than that , or we might as well call ourselves an extension of africa already . 
  european companies are n't allowed to invest in it on equal terms , and we 're under economic attack through commodity dumping . 
  get out of the small-country mentality . 
  we 're playing world politics now , every big partner is also competition . 
  china is already very aware of that . 
  i 've been growing ever more pessimistic myself . 
  i think this is the start of the finlandization of europe . 
  if there is n't a map somewhere demarcating spheres of influence running through our continent by now , there will be by january . 
   sure , and he used his veto to block un authorization because he 's opposed to military intervention and believes firmly in the authority of the un , not because he saw an opportunity to divide nato and pave the way for his own expansionism . 
  ok , got to give it to you here , that was him being him . 
   the fact that you still think it was a bad idea does n't bode well for the future . 
  we 're the ones getting the millions of migrants coming from isil , after it grew in the anarchy of the iraq occupation . 
  in what world do you think you anything was solved ? 
  because it seems it just added fuel to the flames . 
  it 's time we no longer depend on anyone to police our region tbh . 
  america and russia 's sphere of influence needs to be pushed back because their interactions have brought us to this point . 
  you 're talking about the iraq war are n't you ? 
  i 'm sorry but that was all us . 
  it was n't a good idea . 
  back then putin was still cleaning up the holdout oligarchs instead of playing international politics . 
  `` libert\u00e9 , \u00e9galit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 '' vs `` travail , famille , patrie '' i really hope this comes off well , otherwise my heart will break . 
   get a grip on reality . 
  looks at uk , looks at us , looks at ukraine . 
  are you actually paying attention to what is happening ? 
  because i think you 're in for a surprise . 
  the government ( executive ) has refused to have the decrees of the constitutional court published . 
  that is not allowing free access to judges independent of the executive . 
  in fact , the reason they are refusing is because they are independent of the executive . 
  it has changed the laws against the court , and then did not listen to the court about them being illegal because the court now did not apply those illegal laws . 
  that is an executive unrestricted by laws , making their own as they please . 
  poland now has a state where the government is above the law . 
  congratulations , did n't even need the soviets to invade to return to proper autocratic rule . 
   this is crazy . 
  you realize the vast majority of people who are in charge in poland have spent their entire lives fighting against the communist regime ? 
  so did orban , look how nice he made his own russophile and one party state . 
  people change , and some people only want power . 
  stalin spent years fighting a people 's revolution against amazing odds only to turn out to be the worst leader russia ever had . 
  what have they actually done , like actual actions on their part , to prove that ? 
  words are cheap . 
  pis have fought against the eu , the us , and against their domestic opponents . 
  from the outside i see russian puppets , not fellow allies . 
  they are called the copehagen criteria : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/copenhagen_criteria read up on it , because if you ca n't apply them you should n't have joined . 
  heres the kicker :  this also requires free elections with a secret ballot , the right to establish political parties without any hindrance from the state , fair and equal access to a free press , free trade union organisations , freedom of personal opinion , and ** executive powers restricted by laws and allowing free access to judges independent of the executive . 
  ** do you not see somewhere where poland might have fallen short ? 
  whataboutism is never a good answer . 
  those budget standards are n't part of the accession acquis and no one has been fined under them yet . 
  i agree they should be universally applied , but since they 're as of now universally not applied you ca n't use it as an example of any exceptionalism . 
  to be fair no polish leader so far has actually cozied up to russia , not even in the current government . 
  they simply either ignore it altogether since their main opponent is the po , or help it indirectly by continuing to mismanage polish relations and creating eu divisions . 
  it 's looking like they 're most likely useful idiots , or very unlikely very very evil . 
  you can only join the eu by applying certain standard . 
  asking a country to maintain those standards afterward or be sidelined is not unreasonable . 
  being in the eu is not a right . 
  it 's a privilege . 
  kaczynski is like a modern day szlachta , trying to maintain a privileged position in poland , arguing about his individual rights to govern as he pleases , while slowly weakening it . 
  sooner or later , he 'll alienate everyone and get poland that `` special position '' in the russian sphere of influence . 
  and he 'll blame the west for not propping up his would be tin-pot dictatorship after years of running it to the ground . 
  man is disgusting . 
  well , without one specific contribution : the declaration of article 50 . 
  that and a few steps more . 
  how many ? 
  that 's to be seen . 
  but since we ca n't call up us resources , we have to make our own . 
  our own satellite intelligence , our own heavy air transport , maybe even a few of our own carriers to police the med , the black , and the baltic while securing netherlands , spanish and french islands . 
  so a independent budget , common requisition , common r&d , common officer training and norad style command are required . 
  and a fixed shared budget contribution at maybe about 0.5 % . 
  so much more than nato in the end , more like our very own mini-usa to come to the rescue minus the insane politics and under our control . 
  i 'm inclined to disagree . 
  trump at some point was asked about his poor choice of words , and he answered roughly : people are talking about what i say the way i say it , they 're not talking about it the way you say it everyone was giving him free advertising . 
  constantly talking about his latest word puzzle catchphrase . 
  or his latest offensive remark . 
  they just could n't get enough of him . 
  as someone who saw the rise of ukip , it was the same . 
  the media started giving ukip screen time . 
  started talking about every blooper farage did . 
  started seeking his opinion on random topics , because whatever he has to say is at least amusing and therefore television worthy .
