  you 're just crying . 
  to begin with , we are not accepting economic migrants . 
  we actually are trying to send them back . 
  merkel has been flying to african shitholes making deals to send them back . 
  what has your president/premier done ? 
  whinge some more ? 
  and secondly , i have no doubt that everyone knew about the fact e.e could n't really hold them and they just wanted a way to distract the german public by giving the appearance of support , while providing a good excuse for kicking applicants out if they were found outside their assigned state for violating their asylum conditions . 
  it 's incredible how thick the whole of eastern europe has become . 
  we used to be the `` cynical realists '' of the continent . 
  now we 're deluded nutters without a realpolitik bone in our body , whinging about fucking foreigners like the westerners did with us not ten years ago as if they even want to live in our shitty little tin pot proto-dictatorships . 
  except poland and germany are defended by greek borders . 
  but they do n't pay for those borders , or for the camps , or for the police to monitor them , or for the specialists to weed out the economic migrants . 
  and the `` mandatory '' quota system has passed by a majority vote . 
  a vote , btw , in which romania voted against but we 're living up to because loosing a vote is n't the end of the world . 
  not that it 's even a actual `` mandatory '' system , because to begin with it 's a temporary system designed for , what , a 120.000 people . 
  of which border states like hungary or greece get none of , and , if i remember correctly , member states can refuse an application on grounds of security . 
  that being said , the poster above was suggesting countries `` do n't take people '' , as if the geneva convention did n't exist or greece could be turned into a free refugee camp . 
  you do realize that the laws on asylum and refugees are international law right ? 
  or have the v4 decided to scrap the geneva convention ? 
  either way , i agree , the rest of the eu has a right to do as it pleases . 
  my suggestion is kick out those who do n't understand how a bloody vote works , because damn me if romania is going to be fucked over just like greece because someone did n't like the outcome . 
  i think it 's unfair to single out just e.europe here . 
  they were the most public recent with the refugee quotas but there 's plenty of countries who have always had a foot out and asked for exceptions whose positions need re-evaluated . 
  and this goes for the eea-swiss deals as well . 
  they were originally created as a stepping stone into the eu , and then became a service rendered to nearby countries without quantifying how much it 's worth to them . 
  overall , the original eu negotiatiors have been too soft in accepting former efta members , giving special treatment to now eea members and speeding accession of the former eastern block . 
  the entire geopolitical goal and process of the continent needs a redesign . 
  best solution is to push for a two-tier union around the eurozone , and leave the rest to degrade to an eea-like position in time . 
  no reason to waste any more time and energy discussing things with members who are perfectly happy to not be involved any further . 
  we do n't have a border problem , we have an asylum seeker problem . 
  these people stop at the border , whatever protection we put and ask for stay and we 're legally obliged to give it to them if proven . 
  and that system is pretty much overwhelmed in greece and italy , without bringing up the fucking coast guard issue , who because they idiotically signed up to dublin agreement unlike serbia or turkey are then responsible for all of them . 
  so the issue is not borders . 
  although as a romanian who is not part of schengen i find it absolutely hilarious how e. europeans are so pro-borders and anti-free movement until western countries want to impose those restrictions on them . 
  then it 's calls of `` new iron curtain '' . 
  hypocrites . 
  the eu has zero responsibility or power given to it by the member states to tackle the issue . 
  in fact , the point of the article is that the czech minister ask the commission to draft something to allow it . 
   because nation can change is of coutry - ideology and by such - the government . 
  but what does personal ideology have to do with the quality of a person as a judge if you ca n't prove malpractice ? 
  you might as well fire surgeons because they might be ideological impure , despite doing decent surgery . 
   the judical system separated from the rest of nation will be multiplying obstructions - leading to chaos or paralysys still without any responsibily . 
  the whole point of `` check and ballances '' , of the bi-cameral system , of the presidential veto , of the whole system of liberal democracy is to place obstructions . 
  democracy is n't about `` clear , strong decisions '' like you 'd see in a king or a dictator . 
  democracy is about making sure everyone is on board when a decision is finally made . 
  and it god damn works . 
  franco 's rule is dead , communist one-party state is dead , the absolutists kingdoms are dead , democracy lives on . 
  because it offers paralysis , chaos , and prosperity . 
  and the judicial system has a responsibility : to the law . 
  they can not act outside interpretations of the law . 
  and in poland , as far as i 've seen they never did . 
  even the constitutional court decided the po appointments were illegal , but that was not enough for communist party mark ii . 
   judical system needs to anwser to someone - otherwise it is just oligarchy . 
  not exactly an `` oligarchy '' since money is n't supped to be involved , but welcome to every judicial system in the world , minus the weird american system where judges have to pander to political parties and actually show ideology in their rulings . 
  everywhere else the justice system , much like the army , is a meritocracy where you 're elevated and disbarred by your peers , with some democratic controls placed in to ensure a balance . 
  and `` answer to someone '' , btw , should never mean damn purges and political favoritism . 
  which is what we 're seeing . 
  the system has now been set up so that if a communist party takes control of poland , for whatever reason , they can freely start the same purification and hearings of the system they did back then . 
  it 's the exact same thing . 
  you 're confused my man . 
  `` rule of law '' regards the independence of the legal system to enact judgement based on the existing rule set unbiased by outside pressure . 
  it 's supposed to prevent `` special interests '' of the sort you see in lobbying , political party influence , and nepotism from getting involved , by creating a hierarchy they have no control over . 
  this system is also duplicated in the military and civil service , where political influence or bias is considered absolutely deadly to the functioning of a state . 
  this has nothing to do with outright `` legality '' , but a system of seperation of powers developed during the last 100 years in the west to prevent the re-creation of the old absolutist kings who , as you 're said `` can legally change the laws , all they do is legal '' , since that was shit . 
  the fact that you used those exact words to defend the reform is honestly worrying . 
   because we have a chain of events here . 
  if some judges have certain worldview or are corrupted - than who is chosen to join them ? 
  of course only like-minded people . 
  if the judicary is closed system than there is no ability for anyone who disagrees with them to join without their approval . 
  and approving people with differet beliefs would be sucidal for them . 
  is that a chain of events ? 
  or is that an unprovable statement since it does n't deal with my original question regarding quality of rulings ? 
  why is arbitrary decision of who has `` the right ideology '' and who does n't better than a system that judges them on the quality of their conduct and rulings ? 
  it 's seems it 's more of a narrative than something with actual social effects . 
  how can you prove the system is ideologically biased to `` communist thinking '' ? 
  where are the facts here ? 
  30 % percent of the voting electorate , with a 50 % turnout , many who were lead to believe that pis would do something different than decide to become the state . 
  poland has deep political issues regarding the health of it 's party ecology . 
  but pis is not poland , and should never be allowed to start thinking itself as poland . 
  it 's a replaceable part that can be taken out and thrown away the moment it does n't act in the interest of the country . 
  i am sorry for the slip of the tongue regarding the warsaw pact . 
  but i stand by everything else . 
  your comments is shirking off complicity using fatalism as justification . 
  `` it could n't be helped , everything had to happen as it happened , we as people could not have acted any differently '' . 
  it 's a sort of thinking appropriate for children who ca n't control if they 're going to wet the bed . 
  but citizens of a country are expected to act differently . 
  well , explain to me why simply showing malpractice , corruption and bias is n't enough ? 
  why not judge each judge by the quality of their rulings rather than supposed ideological loyalties as if we 're running comintern purges ? 
  why are n't the normal methods of dismissal enough ? 
  which is all part of a narrative constructed by the `` clash of civilization '' neocon intellectuals of the 90 's , promoted and enacted by the bush administration . 
  in the meantime , the islamic fundementalist have the exact same narrative from the other end , and feed their numbers using actions like the iraq war to validate themselves . 
  and both feed off the political zionism found in israel . 
  we 're being pressed in by multiple convervative-fundamentalist factions trying to regimentize their followers into the traditional order and return their societies to a pre-modernist understanding of international relations as a function of some `` cultural-religious '' traits rather than rational-legalistic values . 
  we 're all being played . 
  so you 're arguing that 3 potential disruptive elements that never managed anything are more significant than the one disruptive element that did and lead to a ethno-genocidal war . 
  yugoslavia died due to human stupidity . 
  and now the western balkans turned from one of the major economies of the former warsaw pact to a bunch of easily manipulated shitholes . 
  you want something to blame , blame yourselves , you had 1000 years of history telling you what will happen if you broke apart and instead `` greater [ insert ethno-country here ] '' mentality won out and here we all are . 
  and yet , instead of learning a lesson now it 's destiny that is to blame . 
  fucking typical .
