  those are the choices . 
  the balkans states did n't send supplies to greece . 
  greece apparently miss-spent the funds given to it . 
  the italian navy is doing it 's own thing for lack of anywhere to put them . 
  germany is doing an african tour independent of everyone else . 
  there 's enough blame to spread around , and zero responsibility taken . 
  since someone asked about greece misspent funds : [ here ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/eus-mishandled-millions-not-reaching-refugees/a-37266178 ), 
  then do n't pander , and push through . 
  the enhanced cooperation agreement is there to be used , put action to words . 
  and why is denmark allowed a europol exception , when they had a referendum on it ? 
  why is switzerland allowed to play with free movement like it 's a toy ? 
  if countries refuse a strong border force , shrink schengen . 
  if they refuse independent fraud investigation , cut funding . 
  they oppose united military hq , fine they 're not invited . 
  if we continue being weak like this , there wo n't a eu in ten years to talk about . 
  just the french sphere , the german sphere , and the russian sphere . 
  this would be a lot more meaningful if they did n't make the exact same joint speech every year . 
  european leader summit in 6 days , expect : nothing , zero , squat , same old . 
  thanks for the thoughful response and i agree . 
  the annoying part is that those saying arrogant shit like `` if you do n't do this you wo n't get into eu '' , are also the one 's keeping us weak , inward looking and divided . 
  they think that they 've been given god 's gift already formed and have no reason to do any more work , that it will all work out and they 've received it because how special and western they are . 
  they 're the ones who ignored the dangers around the arab spring , they 're the ones who never called for unified borders or foreign policy , they 're the ones who left turkey , the caucuses and ukraine to rot . 
  turkey does n't owe the eu anything . 
  and the eu does n't owe turkey anything either . 
  but anybody with any sense of decency can recognize this is a time to push back against forces that want to turn back time , both from the outside and within . 
  i am sorry that decency is so rare nowadays . 
  [ here 's an even write up for her at the time of her appointment ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/federica-mogherini-italys-scapegoat/ ) [ and here 's a critical one ] ( https://www.brookings.edu/blog/up-front/2014/08/28/mogherini-is-the-wrong-choice-for-europe/ ) i would have preferred someone who could initiate diplomatic and foreign policy actions , while being supervised by the foreign ministers . 
  someone who 's task is to be the tip of the spear of eu foreign policy , rather than a weak auxiliary force . 
  i would have preffered less micromanagement and unilateral moves from the council members . 
  and more enlightened delegation . 
  as for specific candidates , someone like rados\u0142aw sikorski , or anyone who could have followed in solana 's footsteps . 
   they will if we apply pressure . 
  you know , considering comments like this and the ukraine referendum , maybe you guys in the netherlands should take a break from thinking about foreign policy . 
   why do we have to be eu 's dumpster ? 
  i 'm actually quite sorry . 
  a lot of people have a very simplified view of the world , which is what put us in this situation in the first place . 
  the eu should have done more to help turkey . 
  it should have done more for the past 20 years . 
  and some of use keep saying that this is the price we 're paying for neglect . 
  frederica morgherini , much like catherine ashton before her , is a glorified human seat warmer placed to do nothing more than show up , spout sentimental cliches and otherwise stay out of the way of the foreign ministers of member state who are `` doing the real work . '', 
  she was a compromise candidate to show italians they can get someone to brussels , and as a nod to russia that a pro-russian was given a post , her value as a human being rests in how utterly devoid of any backbone she is and her only major independent decision in her post as hreu was to move her office away from the organization she is supposed to be managing . 
  the answer , you have to remember , can not be `` more europe '' . 
  the hreu is litterally powerless at the moment . 
  damn , you have found that the eurohivemind is a sham . 
  curse you . 
  seriously though . 
  some of us are patriots , humanists and what some might call civic-nationalists . 
  devalue currency , become competitive . 
  why has no one thought of that ? 
  you should be running the national bank in japan . 
  you 'd sort out their mess in no time flat . 
  people who talk of devaluation as if it 's a cure have no experience with it . 
  it 's hell , prices rise , fuel costs rise , you need to strike to actually keep your wage to match . 
  there 's chaos everywhere because of it . 
  and for the next 10 years you make damn sure that you do everything in dollars so you do n't deal with it again . 
  and you know what , you 're likely still fucked . 
  because nothing was solved , companies still stay away , vietnam or nigeria is still cheaper , and you now ca n't actually buy as much as you used to . 
  this is why before the euro , germany was an economic powerhouse and the southern countries were lagging behind , and if you valued your money you kept saving in mark , and made damn sure your salary was negotiated in it . 
   because they are unable to devalue their currency and improve their competitiveness . 
  translation : because they ca n't cut everyone 's salaries fast enough , and remove money from their bank account . 
  stop with the euphemisms . 
  that 's what devaluation means , it 's a way to hurt average workers for not negotiating their salaries in a stable currency . 
  i think `` people do n't want a political union '' is an over-used line with no foundation . 
  people clearly want the eu to act . 
  they expect the eu to act . 
  but when it wants to it is certain politicians who come , stop it , and say `` people do n't want a political union '' . 
  maybe they 're wrong . 
  or maybe what they mean to say is `` i do n't want a political union '' . 
   that sounds like the day dreaming of a teenager also like russian and american policy . 
  you , apparently , do not have what it takes to lead a country . 
  the glory of being someone else 's battlefield . 
  truly a destiny for the ages . 
  heh , forgot about that little dutch oddity . 
  last time we paid it we ushered in the american century . 
  he 's actually quite good . 
  subscribes to more `` meat and potatoes '' geopolitical thinking rather than the `` ideological battle '' narrative builders you usually see . 
  also he 's not as atlanto-centric . 
  i do n't think you realize how free we 've been for the last ten years . 
  let alone the last century or the last 500 years . 
  inside the eu we do not have the same geopolitical games that serbia , georgia , azerbaijan or armenia have to play , and it 's slowly been getting better . 
  in fact , we 're so free of it that we 've developed a geopolitical `` euro-bubble '' where average people are completely clueless about anything that happens outside the eu , and consider all large failures directly derived from the eu itself . 
  be sure to post on / r/yurop !, 
  i want to believe . 
  but i honestly think the leading politicians are spineless . 
  we will see a lot of people making trip to washington and moscow in the next few years . 
  and a lot of talk about `` brussels tyranny '' . 
   i assume the response from the eu will be nothing , as is tradition ah , i see it 's already begun . 
  member states fail to implement cohesive system , member states blame each other during crisis , member states make a deal with autocrat , member states piss off autocrat , eu is to blame . 
  foreign policy is a member state prerogative . 
  so are borders and migrant processing . 
   we really have to set up a strong coast guard in the mediterranean with extraterritorial collection points . 
  which member states are still against this ? 
  the member states that talk about sovereignty , and lowering the eu budget , while leaving italy and greece to handle everything . 
  look to your own capital . 
  people were saying that at the beginning of the eurocrisis as well , that crisis shall bring us together , 7 years later the council has taken back more powers , decision making has become even slower , nothing substantial was solved and we 're even more divided . 
  all under the tune of `` the answer is not more europe '' . 
  our politicians are now fully invested in an inept structure that can not stand up to them , and as a result can not stand up to the world . 
  they are invested in making compromises , and so will compromise us when america makes demands . 
  they are invested in `` less europe '' and what we will see is less europe and more foreign influence . 
  the europhobes have won , and we ca n't ignore that .
