  anything less is arrogant naivete awaiting another betrayal . 
   average romanians look very european . 
  the ones i know i couldnt tell where they were from based on their looks . 
  generally we dont put the two into the same group . 
  i do n't know where you 're coming from here . 
  not just because romanians are fairly diverse as a people , but because gypsies are n't a visually different people except by the effects of poverty and a shit lifestyle . 
  ethnicity in europe actually has very little to do with how you look . 
   i do think that there should also be a mandarin speaker in macron 's cabinet ( particularly in the economic and trade ministries ) though . 
  i think there 's a very real danger of falling into `` small country '' mentality and sucking up to china too much . 
  it 's just as much a rival as it is a partner . 
  and while we try to improve relations with them , we 're endangering relations with india and asean who are our natural allies in the area . 
  that 's my point . 
  nato will not automatically respond to a nuclear attack . 
  france , the uk and america will fidget and deliberate over it , especially if the attack was done on solely military targets . 
  in the end , they will decide all out nuclear war is not worth regaining the baltics . 
  this is the russian military thinking , and it is correct . 
  we shy away from admitting it and puff ourselves up , but the alliance system will break unless common command and control is chosen . 
   well , it doesnt really work that way , but you see my point ... 
  honestly no i do n't . 
  i think you 're trying to make a point of sweden 's and eurozone 's economy being incompatible , but why are we making it in response to a conversation on price impact i have no idea . 
   what is current swedish currency interest rate ? 
  from what i remember , sweden is -0.5 % to the eurozone 's 0 % . 
   this and flexibility of a currency is much more important than sellers profits or exchange costs . 
  half of percent in interest rates can ruin a whole economy . 
  therefore in the long term the prices would be affected , extremely . 
  hey , sure , whatever . 
  not like a hundred other thing do n't go into it making the entire conversation moot over the long term . 
  they lost support in their opposition , so in typical `` lord rust '' fashion of theirs downgraded it mentally from an imminent unspeakable threat to a laughable curiosity . 
  the truth is somewhere in between . 
  simplest answer : if sellers believe they can get away with rounding prices upwards , or simply charging more , during conversion they will . 
  it all depends on the public gullibility . 
  but since it removes currency transfers from the equation , it will likely increase profits with no discernible effect on prices for most things because , well , why lower prices if you do n't have to ? 
  to begin with , no reason to get pedantic or legalistic about the erm peg . 
  the process of joining the euro is a political and bureaucratically strenuous one , it does n't just happen if you manage to to hit the right numbers over 3 years . 
  sweden 's fudge , if actually intentional rather than accidental , is largely unnecessary . 
  and i have no doubt that given sufficient time a euro-peg of some sort will follow , the relations between a smaller currency area and a bigger nearby currency area is fairly predictable . 
  unless for some reason they 'd rather have a dollar peg . 
  it would be better because there is one resource the eurozone needs , that it has not had enough of : confidence . 
  as long as we send out good vibes in everything euro-related , the investors and lenders will loosen their purse strings . 
  so we gain nothing from expanding the eurozone and have everything to gain from keeping troublemakers out , together with their hysterics , tantrums and threats of exit that hurt everyone for no good reason but domestic politics . 
  i think it 's better that they are out , much like the danes . 
  they 'll just peg their krona to the euro , console themselves that they can unpeg anytime they wanted to ( not that they ever would ) , and keep being nostalgic over them , and everyone else gets to not have another country being needlessly obstructive and reactionary . 
  romania will like join the euro in the nest 10 years , and i 'd like it to join a deeper functioning currency union , instead of it slowing down to expand to the reluctant . 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  not like swedes want into the euro to begin with , just pointing out that no one gains from having them in . 
  quite interesting how the east african community is facing the same democratic backsliding issues we have here . 
  i understand the need to stand by their own , would even respect possible counter sanctions but much like us they need to get their house in order rather than requesting leniency from others . 
  hundred years ago , the police got the same treatment . 
  it was seen as a continental innovation that endangered personal freedoms . 
  instead a system of private security and self-employed thief-takers was in place , leaving money decide the level of law-enforcement you could be provided . 
  nothing ever really changes . 
  utility bills and mailed bank statements . 
  you want a bank account ? 
  that 's what you need to provide . 
  register with the local clinic ? 
  rent a car ? 
  same . 
  do anything official ? 
  repeat answer . 
  you learn to keep a pile of spares in a drawer just in case . 
  if for some reason you do n't have pieces of paper mailed to you : you 're screwed . 
  if it is n't going to be done federally and under democratic supervision , it will be done intergovermentaly piecemeal through bilateral treaties between disparate partners . 
  the people who think that we 're all going to leave each other be , and not fall into one form of grouping or another are naive . 
  for two thousand years europe has been the playground of great powers , we had the opportunity to avoid that this one time and likely last time . 
  in short , while idiots are stalling and ridiculing actual progress towards an eu army , sheer pragmatism is proving them wrong through alternative routes . 
   qe which is decided by your own central bank does impact the value of your currency . 
  impact but not control . 
  the ecb has been trying to get inflation in line without it coming back to bite us in the ass for the last few years , with small progress . 
  and the uk tried to change reality by pegging higher to the emu in 1992 , only to find out the market figured there 's more pounds floating out there than their newly advertised worth supposed . 
  you simply ca n't control the currency as clearly as people think . 
  anybody with some knowledge of the complaints surrounding the deutsche mark 's domination of europe in the 1980 's would know that , but apparently we ca n't remember anything that happened more than 20 years ago . 
  honestly , i suspect most of these `` qe works '' examples are governments taking credit where credit is n't due ( the us shale boom being an example ), 
  i would suggest copying the swiss model . 
  there is no overall `` eu commander '' except in case of war , in normal day to day affairs national leadership continues as normal . 
  it 's a gambit based on the political lack of will in risking civilian targets in a massive confrontation , beating out military tit-for-tat thinking . 
  since it would mean the sacrificing of western civilians by their governments for some eastern country they do n't represent , the choice to negotiate is very likely . 
  it 's a gambit that would realistically work only one , before they realize their choice is resistance or perpetual blackmail . 
  but they only need to do it once . 
  this is why the balkanized european leadership is a dire threat to security , it allows for another `` western betrayel '' due to no commander/politician having overall loyalty to the whole union . 
  and we can do so in the safe knowledge and the few things we give as `` concessions '' will be declared huge victories at home by your leaders . 
  just like they did with the euro and schengen `` concessions '' , or the jha `` opt-outs '' that may wants to use as a framework , the one 's she opted-in the next day . 
  i 'm afraid you 've put your faith in a leadership who 's heart just is n't in it , bit weak and wobbly . 
  there never was a time of long years of building stuff for a war . 
  carthaginians thought they could buy an army 2000 years ago and failed . 
  napoleon though the entire continent with his grand-armee and a bankrupt state . 
  it 's never been an effective substitute for actually training up a military organizational with the appropriate culture , equipment and esprit . 
   the rest will likely either be conceded by the eu , or we crash out with no deal . 
  ahh , the `` i 'm a mad twat , do n't mess with me '' gambit . 
  decent ploy . 
  let me give you the appropriate response : `` come and have a go if you think you 're hard enough . '', 
  you compared a voluntary joint r&d fund to the warsaw pact . 
  do i need to explain further ? 
  you know you 're doing the exact opposite . 
  you 're glossing over details and generalizing the concept to produce a strained comparison or connection . 
   if you are unwilling to spend a sufficient amount then the next best thing would be to buy the best thing that 's available . 
  and as a result still spend a significant amount covering someone else 's r&d costs , and setting yourself up to keep paying that for the foreseeable future as your own industry becomes incapable of providing alternatives . 
  there is a lack of will to spend on large r&d in europe , but that 's not a result of long-term rational thinking . 
  arguments can and should be brought up that this is a form of self-harm . 
   while the europeans are deeply unsettled by news that trump shared secret information with the russians -- and without the consent of the ally that provided it -- ** they are too dependent on cooperation built up over decades to even think of cutting off intelligence . 
  ** idiots .
