  no , that 's not at all what `` we 've been doing for half a century '' . 
  instead while the west tried to climb out of the shithole that the luxemburg compromise caused , the ascension process was a token gesture , as other pointed out , without any endgame or push especially after the cyprus incident . 
  now that the cyprus incident is close being resolved , and if we can actually sort a genuine common foreign policy to give direction to what was before just a morass of generic good will , we can get started on real business . 
  so how about we act a tiny bit smarter than our predecessors , be a bit more ambitious , and not base our foreign policy on neat little idioms . 
   yet the majority of the turks support him , and if not support him , then at least remain apathetic to his policies . 
  the `` prospective '' eu membership carrot has simply been hanging for too long , and even the simplest of turks now likely realize that it is not coming . 
  whether they allude that fact to european islamophobia or the fact that turkish politics and eu politics are simply incompatible does n't matter . 
  the turks are more likely to believe in the tooth fairy than an eu membership . 
  viktor yanukovich won the presidential election , that did n't save him . 
  and there 's plenty of evidence to suggest that akp has been fiddling with the electoral ballot . 
  yes , we 're not been great at offering an alternative and it 's jaded our image . 
  but that does n't have to be the future . 
  the cyprus talks actually come at a great time for example , by unifying with the turkish side . 
  it 's future success or failure will likely determine our perception in turkey as a source of prosperity and legitimize us again as a viable direction . 
   ukraine is exactly the reason nothing like a maidan will happen ever again . 
  the ukrainians rose up , shattered their figurative russian shackles and what happened ? 
  the russians took crimea and started a proxy war in the east . 
  and what did the eu do ? 
  practically nothing . 
  a lot of ukrainians are worse off than before , and that 's saying something . 
  again , that was then , that does not have to be us in the future . 
  our failure is clear , but we can still change . 
   and this is all discounting the fact that turkey is a more-less hostile nation with whom we are joined in a military alliance . 
  the cold war were two clearly established blocks and ideologies facing off against each other . 
  the turkish situation lacks the magnitute and the clear division for it to be anything remotely similar to the `` fall of communism '' scenario . 
  that lack of diametric ideological opposition might actually make it easier rather than harder to create the sort of social dynamic during the fall . 
  without a `` mortal enemy '' rethoric the leadership has less ability to justify crackdowns and increased security . 
  the army also has less reason to back him . 
  you 're right of course . 
  but you 're missing that there more to turkey than erdogan , and how much leverage we can build there . 
  basically , i 'm suggest recreating a `` fall of communism '' style situation , or a `` maidan '' style situation , or even a `` death of franco '' situation . 
  we can do this by leveraging domestic good will , and economic need . 
  maidan has pointed out we can do this without trying . 
  if we can also interest businessmen and lower-rank politicians to the benefits of continue eu-approach vector we might not even get the blowback we got in ukraine from their right . 
  i agree , we need more than a `` sternly worded letter '' to do this . 
  but it can be done , it 's been done before . 
  but we need to be genuinely approachable . 
  in that the maidan has done us no favours , neither has libya . 
   i 'm pretty sure greece was fit to join eu , just not the eurozone . 
  as someone who 's still unsure if romania was fit to join . 
  i 'm equally unsure if greece was as well . 
  they 're way too similar to us . 
  it 's about slowing down erogan 's `` reforms '' , making him have to jump through the hoop of at least pretending to try for ascension . 
  repeat the `` rule of law '' stance ad nauseam , letting it fester along the lower political rungs . 
  basically , i 'm suggesting we create a `` frozen conflict '' with european characteristics , using the ascension process as a foundation . 
  we did it without even wanting to in ukraine . 
  only next time , be more on top of it . 
  come down harder and quicker on asking for reforms . 
  this is europe , not america . 
  the new left i was speaking of was podemos , syriza , momentum , diem25 and other such movements . 
  more or less , throwbacks to cold war western socialism . 
  there is a perverse mutuality between the reactionaries if you have n't noticed . 
  putin , erdogan , the american neocons , isis , the european far right . 
  they all need their respective opposites , their villains , or their narrative falls apart , their grip on power weakens . 
  as long as there is someone to fight . 
  a nice clear-cut clash of civilizations to act as their cold war , they can justify anything . 
  how about you stop seeking justification , and start giving a shit about the democracy of an area instead of trying to safely relegate it to the dustbin without guilt . 
  there are people there who believe in european values . 
  who do n't care about oppressing anyone . 
  who prefer to join the west and let go of the old ways . 
  and they 're united by the symbol of a leader which promised them a place in modernity and in europe . 
  where is your `` no country was ever founded peacefully '' when talking about turkey 's early history ? 
  where is your `` no nation is but in any case it 's worth a shot . '', 
  when talking about it 's present state ? 
  there is a core of values worth saving in turkey and in kurdistan , and you 're too polarized and too blinkered to see how best to do either . 
  i beg you to have a bit more cunning and perspicacity . 
  what the americans and the former euro-politicians wanted is n't worth two tugs of a dead dogs cock right now . 
  turkey and russia has us bottled , and both are illiberal authoritarians government . 
  we need one on our side , and turkey is the realistic contender.and i also have no intention of repeating a maidan and have us sit with our crotch in out hands while we let another piece of the world slip to the dogs . 
  is 2016 the year putin wished upon a star ? 
   no nation is but in any case it 's worth a shot . 
  no , not at any price . 
  you ca n't seperate the method from the result . 
  something the us and its cia operations had to learn again and again . 
  this is very much a job for the diplomatic screwdriver and the economic wrench . 
   i mean , it will never happen with turkish support obviously , no country of the former ottoman empire emerged with turkish support . 
  in the long term it turned out fine . 
  this is not the ottoman empire . 
  this is the country who 's founder gave greece the islands and negotiated the population transfer that calmed the chances of revanchism . 
  not that historical reasoning has any bearing here . 
  the people in the past are dead , the people in the present are not them . 
   turkish goverments will never allow it . 
  it 's a waste of time expecting such a thing . 
  `` will never allow that '' . 
  lovely , grand , insightful . 
  we turned this entire continent from a ethno-religious monarchical warzone into a place where political division are made by popular vote , but no , somehow that stops at turkey because `` will never happen . '', 
  i 've got no time for `` will never happen . '', 
  or a fire at the reichstag . 
  a lot of people have a lot to gain from a disaster right now . 
  to begin with , do n't put people on a pedestal , especially when they 're entire groups . 
  the kurds are not a unitary faction , and they more than likely have their own branch of reactionaries and conservatives . 
  it was the same with israel , where there was a significant modernist , socialist , and egalitarian faction but with time the ultra-orthodox managed to win privileges for themselves and gain power . 
  this is not to say i would n't support the creation of a kurdish state . 
  but if it does n't happen with turkish support , we 'd just be adding more shit to go wrong in the clusterfuck that is the middle east . 
  i would really like a set of referendums and transitional systems starting with cyprus to actually allow for peaceful and mutually agreed de-escalation . 
  and turkey , even with a kurdish state created , would be invaluable , beyond measure . 
  it would be foolish not to look at a map and not see it , let alone the countless logistical and cultural factors we could leverage . 
  well , not him . 
  he definitely belongs the same middle east he wants to turn turkey into . 
   turkey is well better anchored with its south ( religion ) , and east ( language ) .
