  prepare to see war nerds shake their fists as more and more gets automated , they 're already throwing a minor fit over how auto-loaders remove a key person from the tank crew . 
   are you a transhumanist ? 
  shamelessly so . 
  thank you for noticing . 
  i 'd say the opposite . 
  we 're looking at a potential future agincourt of missile technology happening . 
  even if a laser succeeds , if the missile is already close enough to be in line of sight , breaking its inside still has a mass of hurling metal flying at you . 
  ad to that the fact that a missile can withstand truly bone-shattering speeds . 
  acceleration , and turns , and i simply do n't believe a ground based laser is capable of tracking something going tangential to it , let alone surviving something going straight at it . 
  i 'm not entirely convinced they work well currently , atmospheric distortion and earth curvature being what it is , i 'm not entirely convinced about their reliability if they did , i 'm not entirely convinced about how well the systems scale , and even leaving all that aside , i 'm not entirely convinced you ca n't add headshielding or a sacrificial layer on top of a missile to defeat it . 
  overall , lots of skepticism . 
  romania has been trying to start a common black sea fleet with bulgaria for the longest time . 
  germany and france have been pushing various forms of common defense as well . 
  the eu is filled with interest into creation an enlarged intermarium , to prevent history repeating . 
  in the end , we 're all in this together . 
  but i can not think why you 'd believe you 'd have more in common with an unelected leader over the ocean , and why he would defend you . 
  when we joined in iraq , we were promised visa exemption and we did n't even get that . 
  and considering the current leader 's pro-putin bent , and just do n't know what you 're doing over there . 
   he creation of esm which drains abit of comission power to itself ( or not ? ), 
  the esm never made it as far as replacing the commission . 
  it 's mostly been used as a form of financiary strong-arming as you 've seen in greece . 
  everything else is about right . 
  i forgot to mention the 2012 repatriation of powers regarding the schengen area to the nation states , and the subsequent boycott from the parliament : https://www.euractiv.com/section/justice-home-affairs/news/parliament-boycotts-eu-justice-talks-in-protest-over-schengen edit : damn , and the fact that a lot of reforms of the lisbon treaty kicked in 2014 , including the video recording of council of minister meetings , a new voting procedure , and less unanimity , you 'll have to check wikipedia for more detail . 
  but the novelty was that votes from the com started coming out that were n't all unanimous , while before it was policy that even majorities got recorded as unanimous so no one looked like loosing . 
  i 'm hoping , really hoping , someone in nato command did the math and they 're all placed so that they 'll reach their actual positions in time . 
  otherwise , congratulations , you 'll never fear the likes of luxemburg or denmark . 
  i 'm less inclined to think as carries as maritime domination tools , i 'm a firm believer in a healthy sub fleet . 
  but unlike the anglos , i think moving away from supercarriers and into more lighter , smaller version allows to not just force project , but replace damaged airfields . 
  like i mentioned , i 'm seeing this from the perspective of surviving a first blow and then regrouping , mobile airfields are important to that . 
  it also means we can loose a few to the close quarter combat in the various gulfs and enclosed seas without being dealt a major blow . 
  as for bombers , i 'm slightly rethinking that . 
  a bomber can be replaced with cruise missiles from fixed and naval platforms , guided recon drones and satellites . 
  a lot more redundancy , likely cheaper , a lot more speed , slight lag time . 
  what i took from this : the baltics are screwed , and it 's all damage control from day 0 . 
  who cares about some damn gossip ? 
  every western intelligence agency is ringing alarm bells , one after another , and we 're all apparently dumbfounded by mogul antics . 
  we 're very close to the age of full automation , and so close to major shift . 
  aircraft would definitely be the first to feel it . 
  the moment the skies are filled with unmanned fighter drones and missiles acting as bombers , you 're on the cusp of massive reshifting of how battles are fought and won . 
  losses would take a completely new meaning . 
  but i do n't think we 're there yet without someone going mad over leap-froging everyone . 
  `` you know that polish-american alliance is worth nothing . 
  it 's even harmful , because it creates a fake sense of safety . 
  total bullshit , we 'll get conflicted with germany and russia and we 'll think everything is ok , because we sucked american 's dick . 
  i think you took a very weird approach separating weapon systems into defensive and offensive . 
  in an age where being immobile is a death sentence , and directing force a key aspect , there is no such separation . 
  we are a continent with seas on almost all sides of us . 
  why would n't we invest in aircraft carriers ? 
  our most threatening neighbour spans thousands of kilometers . 
  why would n't we need long distance bombers ? 
  to get the most bank for buck , the center of european military ethos is to maximize mobility and speed to support entrenched national forces in counter attacks . 
  afterwards , to deal behind the lines blows while those forces maintain pressure . 
  to do that we need force projection , a lot of it , in the form of heavy transports , carriers , submarines , missile ships , as well as armored units capable of fast deployment . 
  edit : to expand , the difference between us and the us military would be a lack of `` endurance '' when operating over long distance . 
  we do n't need carrier groups doing tours for months on end , or bases in saudi arabia , or lilypads scattered around the world . 
  our logistics need to be tighter but quicker . 
  edit2 : another difference , as a defensive union our entire larger strategy has to rest on one thing : surviving the first blow . 
  so we have to imagine regrouping under conditions of immediate air inferiority , severe infrastructure damage and a forced retreat . 
  all our preparations depend on recovering from that with enough assets . 
  yes , and it will be much easier now that we 've removed a serious impediment to them continuing . 
  but there is so much more where we could be cooperating . 
  we 're both sub-continent sized polities that want to be independent from the other major world powers , and that has military , intelligence and scientific ramifications . 
  we also face similar problems . 
  india has had severe issues managing borders with bangladesh and has had to militarize the area . 
  it also faced issues with strategic troop movement over it 's large territory after the mumbai terrorist attacks . 
  it faces the same sort of extremist forces we do from the middlle east , as well as foreign power interference in the form of chinese-funded communist groups . 
  overall , i think we should b having more serious talks , one pan-cultural federation to another . 
   this is one cancerous anti-uk piece of shit subreddit . 
  imply that uk is n't in europe anymore and you get upvoted . 
  take the piss out of said comment because we 're not leaving europe , we 're leaving the eu , and you get downvoted . 
  tell us how you really feel , luv . 
  let it all out . 
  council can always treaty it 's way out of a situation , nothing the commission can do about that . 
  and it 's the one holding the purse strings . 
  commission is a few steps away from being turned into a glorified secretariat at all times . 
   trump really has to learn how to rephrase what he says or we 're gon na be reading sensational headlines like this for the next 4 years . 
  free advertising , it 's what got him elected , why stop now ? 
  i 'm thinking india , and not just because it 's now an island off europe . 
  we share a lot more institutional traits with india , similar worries , and it 's slightly less of a dick . 
  slightly . 
   my subjective impression that all crises further strengthen the european council to the detriment of the parliament and of the commission . 
  i 'll second that . 
  during the financial crisis we saw the council gain more power through eurogroup meetings and `` emergency summits '' , as well as increase in the influence of germany and the v4 in deciding policy both domestic and foreign . 
  actually saw a hungarian government representative pride himself in having helped achieve that . 
  another institution created that he failed to mention was the creation of the esm , the council controlled system of dispensing emergency funding . 
  the german finance minister has threatened repeatedly to have it take over some power of the commission , after it started getting `` political '' . 
  the only two things i can name that were a positive step was the creation of the spitzenkanidat system of commission candidate selection , and the fact that draghi starting using the full powers of the ecb . 
  edit : forgot to mention the trialogues , that despite the hate from the left , are a sign that parliament actually gets listened to during lawmaking rather than everything being stuck in coreper . 
  i could n't say , but between sweden and norway there 's a mountain range , which would have an effect on wind patterns . 
  you can see the same thing in romania , east of the carpathians . 
  as / u/veeron has said . 
  the actual term `` left '' comes from the anti-royalist progressives who sat on the left side of the french national assembly before the revolution . 
  it was in many ways a trans-national , and globalist movement . 
  it was humanist and universalist in original . 
  but to achieve global brotherhood , it wanted to eliminate what it saw as the selfish interest of kings and to start by building up social states responsible for citizens , and from that build further . 
  many early nationalist , such as garibaldi , saw themselves as part of a greater global reach to unify mankind under a system of justice , freedom and equality starting with the nation of free men . 
  in germany it was language that formed the foundation , in india it was religion , in italy it was geography , but the logic was that it did n't matter , because a just and democratic state served it 's polity fairly no matter the foundation , as all men want the same things . 
  and not all `` socialism '' saw itself as a global movement . 
  in fact , if you look internationalism broke down early , much like liberal nationalism did , as the conservative forces re-drew lines of battle against the outside world . 
  as sad as it is , there are large sections of both palestinian and israeli leadership that have no intent of going through with a two-state solution .
