  russia did n't exist in that year . 
  heavy centralized empire power with cesaro-papist head in constant rivalry with the western catholic royal families . 
  pretty much spot on . 
  and it 's not like we maintained the traits of the frankish kingdom either , let alone the countless pagan cultures that were destroyed . 
  solidarity is n't another word for `` crab bucket '' . 
  as someone who loves russian culture , and holds no ill will for the russian people , i ca n't help to see a `` l'etat c'est moi '' situation going on in russia . 
  i imagine there 's a lot of infighting going on within united russia itself over they general direction . 
  but russia as of this moment is a one party state with a central figure calling the shots . 
  it 's a model we have no desire to import . 
  well , i say that , but it 's clearly not the case . 
  holy shit . 
  i now discover that i have a russian postal service fetish . ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ want ^ ^ ^ that ^ ^ ^ tie . 
  i 'm inclined to agree , it 's pretty much a gateway drug . 
  you start with marveling over german engineering , and before you know it you start hearing people talk about authority , tradition , order and all the other prussian virtues that when modernized are basically fascism . 
  the roman nuts are pretty similar in that regard , in fact they are the original wehrboos . 
   what 's left for europe ? 
  the scraps from their table once they 're done using us . 
  read up on operation gladio , and their influence in europe . 
  then look at south america for what happens when you 're under america 's care 24/7 . 
  we need a democratic system with a local point of view . 
  not some oversees hegemony we do n't elect , giving us our instructions . 
  ( sorry , i mean suggesting improvements if we do n't want the us bases to close ) . 
  please be able to tell the difference between a class-based feudal society and a citizen-based society . 
  you 're making a false equivalence . 
  the romans and athenians managed to piece together a citizen-society before the birth of christ . 
  the nobles were simply another armed gang , in a political structure based around armed gangs . 
  and their priorities were : a ) have no one tell them what do do ( `` nihil novi nisi commune consens '' ) b ) maintain as much power in themselves as possible ( `` liberum veto '' and right of confederation ) c ) be able to treat the cities and the serfs how they pleased ( statutes of piotrk\u00f3w ) the szlachta were also the ones which formed the tarnogr\u00f3d confederation which lead to the silent sjem , and the targowica confederation which lead to the partition of poland . 
  in short , they were self-serving asshole who betrayed their people for personal gain . 
  please stick the `` same cultural values spiel '' somewhere where the sun does n't shine . 
  i do n't like playing identity politic . 
  and i definetly do n't share the `` same cultural values '' with autocrats like orban and kaczy\u0144ski . 
  i actually like democracy and the rule of law . 
  actually that 's a bit extreme . 
  usually it 's just someone who watched way too many ww2 documentaries . 
  in my experience in romania it 's usually tech nuts with a favorite piece of equipment of the big , flashy type . 
  in the uk it was usually a `` worthy opponent '' obsession with rommel as their sole opponent without american support . 
  they 're rarely political , mostly sticking to prussian military tradition wankery , they 're just annoying since they 're looking for confirmation of their own beliefs . 
  the president is a cat-person ? 
  they 're children , they do n't need to know the hellish nightmare-scape that is the political world . 
  i 'm not looking forward to people having to explain why the president 's daughter has her own playboy center-fold . 
  because , let 's face it , that 's just a matter of time now . 
   i believe the fact that they have no innovation of their own is pretty definite proof that their chinese capitalism would n't function in a world where all governments adopted it . 
  check out wechat . 
  it 's a lesson in not stereotyping . 
  all `` traditional european clothes '' are actually an anachronistic hodgepodge of romanticized stylized elements inspired from whatever the peasantry managed to piece together , for the sake of creating a semblance of communal identity . 
  so do n't fell bad about it . 
  it 's sort of implied . 
   matteo salvini , lega nord chairman , said his anti-immigration and anti-euro party would work `` so that italy has real parliamentary elections , just as open as in your country [ russia ] '' . 
  is he serious ? 
  i ca n't tell anymore . 
  i meant it as the literal translation of nothing new . 
  but arguing that the polish policy of `` nihil novi nisi commune consensu '' was about citizens representation is hilarious . 
  it was about the nobility gaining power , power which they then used to further limit the power of their subjects . 
  that is the lesson in that . 
  when the nobles asks for power and freedom , they ask it only for themselves . 
  and the new political fiefdoms in poland and hungary are no different . 
  i am a simple sans-culottes . 
  i see bonnet rouge , i upvote and prepare the guillotine . 
  ( actually curious , why the red caps ? ), 
   bit rich coming from romania warning : this flair might trigger some . 
   also may was elected as an mp and in the uk you do n't elect a pm , you elect an mp . 
  and this argument would work on someone who does n't know what a safeseat is , and how they are used to staff cabinet positions . 
  or never saw an entire party loose because the party leader being shit at eating a sandwich , and the same party again being declared unelectable due to their current leadership . 
  then there 's the whole thing about whips , and how the party line is determined by the leadership . 
  in short : bollocks . 
   why should mp 's have a veto on brexit , when the people already had vote on it ? 
  this is not on brexit , but negotiation result . 
  the eu will hold a vote on in the ep and the council , so we just assume the uk would as well . 
  you know , it being more democratic :p . 
  that 's god-emperor cheeto , pussygrabber-in-chief . 
  mere president is n't enough for that big handed alpha male . 
  not cartoonishly evil . 
  but historically naive . 
  the p-l commonwealth 's szlactha confederations . 
  the hre 's princelings . 
  the magnates of the hungarian kingdom . 
  the families of san gimignano . 
  the members of the achean league . 
  they all acted the exact same way . 
  they focused so much on their own privileges , their own rights , and their own pretensions that when disaster struck they faltered and were taken over . 
  it 's the intermarium all over again , as far as i 'm concerned , with a few states thinking that this time history will spare them . 
  somehow , i believe that significant amounts of salts should be taken when the `` flexible solidarity '' countries talk about defensive cooperation . 
  it 's nice words , without substance . 
  also , yes , i believe that consensus is incredibly important in the eu . 
  look how scared and hesitant eu officials have been at the words `` military hq '' referening to the new organization . 
  integrationists have been paralyzed and silenced by years of accusation of overextending their power . 
  and you might choose to read what is best in the declaration . 
  what i read is fear of being left behind . 
  the exact wording '' any form of enhanced cooperation should be open to every member state '' , suggest they 're afraid they 'll have new standards to be held up to . 
  that countries like hungary and poland will be kept outside of the inner circle without reform . 
  they 're afraid of having to actually work to participate in the union again . 
  but that 's my opinion on reading it . 
  so make of that what you will . 
  we went to iraq and afghanistan for that and visa liberalization . 
  and we got neither . 
  guess the lesson learned . 
  you 're right , the v4 ca n't really stop it , but that 's why they 've gone full speed on advocating against it . 
  painting it as `` splitting europe '' and `` assuring it 's descent '' , they want those that are going for it to hesitate . 
  the thing the v4 and other likeminded members fear more than a strong eu is a strong eu they are not part of . 
   get off your high horse , i am from germany but you are just as useless as the other e.e countries but at least they dont pretend like romania does . . read up on the eppo .
