  also , they always had trouble keeping it in the erm limits . 
  the pound was simply too volatile back then . 
  erdogan : `` would n't it be nice if people were nice '' . 
  meanwhile secularists are jailed for trying to restore the enforced neutrality of the public sphere that had turkey belonging to the west rather than the clusterfuck that is the middle east for the past century . 
  you forgot to mention that working as a professional , your salary is indicative of how much your full employment is worth , not every individual hour . 
  you can definitely tempt people with working less for slightly less money than sector standard . 
  but tempt is all you can do , if people expect their monthly to be a certain amount you ca n't pull more work from thin air to fill the dead time . 
  not that people do n't try . 
  from what i know , and correct me if i 'm wrong , but the uk has much weaker unions than it did . 
  and the service industry that has become it 's main sector has largely failed to unionise at all . 
  if that 's the case , it 's hardly surprising that workplace quality had gone down . 
  2011 was a particularly good year in manufacturing in the eurozone it seems , so i do n't see a reason to say it is n't significant . 
  not logical at all . 
  every job is different . 
  working 8 hours a day for something requires 6 hours is wasteful for employers . 
  since people prefer to have one job , they need that job to pay the competitive wage the sector requires so the salary ca n't go lower . 
  but those extra 2 hours imply a lot of overheads to keep employees in the office doing nothing . 
  in that case it 's better to just cut work hours and at least get rid of the overheads . 
  then there 's jobs where worker productivity/work quality goes down fast . 
  if you 're dealing in environments where accidents cost you a lot , you 'd prefer it to maintain a fresh workforce that will keep operation running smoothly . 
  then there 's jobs where you 'd prefer to have someone working less hours in a block , but be available on call later on , throughout the day . 
  lastly , as unions have been pointing out for over a hundred years , you 're not going to get anything extra unless you try for it.if you can work less for the same pay , then try to work less for the same pay . 
  your time is a negotiable commodity , so negotiate . 
  i would like to remind those who go `` duh , of course '' that there was a time where a working day ranged between 10 and 16 hours . 
  something which has fallen out of fashion in what constitute the richest and most productive countries in the world . 
  more working hours are not necessarily better , either for employers or employees , and the 8 hour work day is simply an arbitrary standard which is a century old . 
  and , to add to that , we 're facing increased pressure to increase workplaces , leading to more `` job sharing '' - centric policies to increase available employment . 
  so please think for a minute before trotting out country wisdom like it 's fact . 
  yes and yes , as of july 2016 . 
  at least you no longer need to book a separate seat reservation now , so it 's slightly less retarded than it used to be . 
  as an icelander , what do you think the reaction would be if the uk leaving sets the stage for another cod war ? 
  do you think the eu has responsibility or role if it happens ? 
  judging by that last paragraph in the article , would i be wrong in saying he 's the sort of person that has found his niche in saying utter shit , and feeding off the subsequent attention ? 
  the uk included , if this is accurate : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rail_transport_in_europe#subsidies, 
   it probably still is . 
  the amount of people in this thread who are talking about `` soul '' by judging it from a birds-eye view says it all really . 
  seems you 're getting into urbanism . 
  good luck , i do n't envy you . 
  it 's seems like it 's thankless work . 
  cities are there to be lived in , not to be looked at . 
  having lived in a crumbling , mismanaged , overpriced world heritage site that you 're likely to gawk at at some point in your life , living in one of those places is not an easy task . 
  why did n't you mention moldova ? 
  it 's neither a country we are afraid of , nor are we dead set on claiming any right to it . 
  it 's over there , doing it 's thing , and good luck to it . 
  the tourism and national heritage things is a bit of bull honestly , scrapping the barrel of argumentation to find something to be threatened about . 
  it 's just another greek drama . 
   a better example would be if poland was trying to rename their country bavaria and here we can all agree that germany would ' t let such a thing to happen . 
  i 'm i right champ ? 
  i think most of everyone in the civilized world has moved away from the `` names are destiny '' way of geopolitical thinking , if that was ever a thing . 
   which its going to be abandoned over the next few decades in favour of creating a highly centralised eu state . 
  highly centralized ? 
  where do you get that from ? 
  the eu has a very strong framework surrounding state rights , representation and subsidiarity . 
  it has a weaker central government than switzerland . 
   oh , and everybody hated it until the 70 , when they realized what he had done ( beacause the idea of a compact city with proximity shopping etc was so ahead of his time that they really did n't consider it an option ) . 
  it feels like it 's still ahead of it 's time . 
  do n't underestimate the importance of rote memorization of vocabulary , especially as an adult . 
  it 's like the old joke : `` hungarians and romanians are natural enemies . 
  like germans and romanians , or russians and romanians , or turks and romanians , or romanians and romanians . 
  damn romanians , they ruined romania ! '', 
  pretty much it in a nutshell . 
  plenty of idiots , plenty of petty fighting , and no one is particularly spared . 
  edit : also fyi , the main hungarian political party made an agreement to join the governing coalition , despite already having a majority . 
  congratulations , you fell for it . 
  he 's trying to tie in identity issues with unrelated political battles , calling on ethno-nationalistic fervor to make up for a lack of reasonable arguments against what is essentially either a corruption case or another bit of political territorial fighting . 
  there is no reason to do that , and it helps no one to put things in those terms , except shit-heel politicians that want an angry mob that do n't ask too many questions . 
  it 's actually not the government that i 'd be worried about . 
  as adam smith pointed out , whatever extra finances people have it 's the landlords that are the first to take from them . 
  i 'm worried that any basic income will be matched with an increase in rents making the exercise largely null and void , first and foremost . 
  but as for the second part , it 's another form of wealth redistribution really . 
  considering how generous we 've been with corporate taxation deals so far , and the large amount of wealth being stored out of the economy , there is some space to maneuver here . 
  my favorite : [ tears for sale ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0380249/ ) ( orig . 
  title : carlston za ognjenku ) [ trailer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hc3vyudfgeu ) weird , wonderful balkan magical realism mixed with dark humor . 
  i do n't think it 's intrinsically anti-competitive . 
  it can be argued that it allows people to work for less and be more secure in taking on part-time contracts , which leads to lower costs and higher flexibility for employers if done right . 
  when you 're still payed in ron , but you buy things from outside priced in ( the now defunct ) dem , cash or no cash the exchange rate is still damn consequential . 
  same when you 're paying off a foreign denominated loan , or if you need to import anything of value to yourself . 
  the lack of cash does n't make that irrelevant . 
  you 're still worrying about bank exchange rates , and how well your currency is doing . 
  you still feel the pain when a shock send things tumbling . 
  all the pains that were there , are still there , minus needing to go to an exchange office . 
   i think the negative aspects will have even less to balance them out in the eyes of the general public . 
  the only negative aspect that is argued is : the euro does n't allow individual countries to stealthily cut people 's salaries . 
  it 's hidden through various euphemisms , but that 's the gist of it . 
  and as long as that 's the major argument for eliminating it , then it 's relevance still far surpasses any drawbacks . 
  i do n't think you or a lot of people get that it is n't `` joe schmo '' 's lifestyle that this caters to . 
  his direct benefit is a bonus . 
  the movers and shakers of the economy , businesses from small to large , actually benefit a lot from not worrying about exchange rates and that wo n't change now or with the disappearance of cash . 
  i 've heard the same `` joe schmo '' arguments also being used with removing schengen and bringing back custom inspections . 
  and it 's the same answer to all of them : this is bigger than you . 
  `` family '' does n't quite work . 
  there are several dynasties with some inter-marriage in the past . 
  there are only two countries that share a dynasty , uk and belgium , although the british branch rebranded itself at the beginning of the 20th century to sound less german . 
  racism never really played a part in monarchical politics , or it always played a part depending on how you look at it . 
  they are hereditary constructs like race or ethnicity , but applied to very specific family lines . 
  these lines did n't really see themselves as part of the local population , but a breed a part , a ruling class with its own history , customs and language . 
  to this end royalty often saw royalty from other countries as a form of distant family , and historically have refered to each other in familial terms ( cousin or brother ) . 
  i remember when people were striking to have their salaries denominated in dollars/mark . 
  nobody likes a paycut , even a stealthy one . 
  except the brits , they seem to be ok with it .
