  man is 86 years old , i wonder what they 'll do when he finally kicks the bucket . 
  it 's weird how multiple modernizing forces converged to give this result . 
  there 's no east/west divide , no north/south , or any other religious or regional clusters . 
  i wish the map added dates since when the laws were implemented so we can track the course of events . 
  actually very thoughtful . 
  too bad this will never pick up . 
  we 're not going to see a return of power in europe as a union , or strategic ability . 
  everyone is too afraid of the eu , even its members , they 'd rather fall under a foreign umbrella rather than teach the eu to wield power . 
  romania being lower than russia ... is there some historical slight i 'm forgetting ? 
  it 's hard to keep track of them all . 
  i understand it 's causing distress . 
  but you 've got to admit , `` i do n't have any place to put all my money so it can make more money . '', 
  is a strange concept to begin with . 
  used to be , and in romania somewhat still is , that your pension was the back-garden and your kids . 
  now people are having issues figuring out where to store their cash without putting to much thought into it day to day . 
  no , each country is not that different . 
  human beings are by and large the same . 
  the entire industry of advertising has banked its existence on this and won time and again . 
  you might call me `` hostile '' for not having immense amount of hope that this time , it will be different , this time something special will happen . 
  but hope is a bit of a poison , it makes you blind to what 's in front of you in preparation for what you want to happen.poland has pis literally making a political army under the ministry of defence staffed with volunteers . 
  that hits far too close to home in history , that 's practically a siren of future abuse . 
  and while you might feel comfortable saying that tusk has done so many wrong , that 's not what he 's being investigated on . 
  he 's investigated for the smolensk conspiracy , and just that . 
  none of the crimes you accuse him of are being handled , and this is looking like a show trial to demean him to the public rather than justice . 
  good luck , but do n't think you 'll dodge the bullet . 
  on one hand i somewhat sympathize since i also come from a culture of large savings . 
  on another ... wow , mother of all first world problems . 
  [ bit more than a protest . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_revolution_of_1956 ) it was originally against the local communist government . 
  but a bunch of the neighboring governments decided to get involved , spearheaded by russia . 
  ten years ago people were defending putin and erdogan the same way . 
  it was n't until gerogia and gazi park that westerners woke up . 
  hungary and poland are behind turkey and russia by ten years . 
  ten years ago people were praising the later for getting rid of the generals and the oligarchs respectively , even if it was done through some though measure . 
  none of this happened over night . 
  and poland right now is trying to prosecute a political opponent , tusk . 
  hungary has so far not needed to since the opposition is in disarray . 
  but both are going over the same steps as were made in 2008 . 
  this is n't ancient history , you ca n't rewrite this . 
  this is a consistent pattern , that goes as far as chavez in s. america and duterte and asia . 
  it 's the pattern of the strongman autocracy . 
  buna tovaras , you 've been liberated . 
  here is your liberation uniform , your liberation government , and your new liberation schedule . 
  you will now proceed to rebuild according to your new schedule , not by western means of trading one resource for another , but by true communist way of agreeing of moving one resource in exchange for another being moved the other way . 
  now , do n't stray away from the liberation schedule , or you 'll have to be liberated again . 
   soviets had liberated and rebuilt the country 11 years prior not even hungarian and that triggered me . 
   in fact , there is no conspiracy at all . 
  russia is itself anti eu/nato , and just how the us funds various groups around the world to better their interests , so does russia . 
  if they stuck to letting it be a us-russia spat that would n't be a problem . 
  hell i 'd be thrilled , pox on them both . 
  but bringing the eu into this , which when it comes to `` subversive actions '' is a bit of a retarded child of the world stage is not only low , but destructive . 
  and russia does seem to enjoy taking pot shots at the eu , more than the us , as do their eager ducklings . 
  not , i do n't really value freedom ^ tm all that much . 
  i 'm very much a rights and responsibilities person to begin with , and have found out early that freedom is only worth what money can buy . 
  but i 'm taking about taking a more dirigist approach rather than completely doing away with . 
  do for other areas what the french did for airbus and arianespace , what they were doing with cyclades . 
  the free market can handle the small stuff just fine , but they lack direction . 
  investors want sure bets not long shots , and some projects are simply too big and not prone to competative forces . 
  we would n't have the sewer systems of today if we allowed the free market have it 's way . 
  we would n't have satellites . 
  we need to operate on a bigger picture mentality , not on an financial quarter basis . 
  you do n't want that . 
  you think you want that , but it 's a very dangerous road to go down onto . 
  while we need to take a good hard look at what should and should n't be classified the way it is , alcohol being a shit drug to have the dominance it has , you do not want to `` opium war '' your own country . 
  i would n't say stolen but ... purposefully mismanaged . 
  equipment , repair and services we 're likely bought , but the saving made doing that we 're likely misspent . 
  when it comes to hospitals , contractors make up a decent chunk of both daily operations and modernization , and directors find it advantageous to not negotiate as hard as they could . 
  it 's actually quite painful to see , since we 've had that issue in romania before the eu and now and the result was the financial crisis forcing many shutdown . 
  mostly to save money , but being done as a quality and efficiency control which puts the worst offenders on the line but also marginal/impoverished areas . 
  this has been pretty bad for our local health services , and having been to the a&e in budapest not even a year ago , if it ever happens to you guys it might be catastrophic to the point of life threatening . 
  yes , like that and iter , and nearly anything else that has the potential to give us something other 's might want . 
   it 's frustrating that all of that and horizon 2020 is n't giving us the same opportunities that weapons research and development seems to be doing . 
  and i bet quite a few took a shot at murdering either catholic , orthodox , or protestant . 
  maybe one or two also participated in the occasional witch burning . 
  this civilization was build despite those people . 
  after they all killed each other , we secularized , democratized , brought in roman ideals where christian ones failed , new legal traditions where local customs fell short . 
  you think muslim 's are your enemy ? 
  to me , you 're just a different flavour of abrahamic desert tradition . 
  but the center of our world is no longer jerusalem , not that beasts like you will ever stop slouching towards it and taking us all for the ride . 
  and lastly , you 're not special for being dutch , you 're not better than everyone for being dutch , you do n't have some innate sense of civilization because you 're dutch , and if you 're richer than a pole or a romanian count your lucky stars for being on the other side of russia . 
  being a jackass is not hereditary , neither is being civilized . 
  and if europe means anything , it 's civilization , not some random piece of dirt you happen to have been born on . 
  unfortunately the only way to generate growth with certainty is by opening up a new market . 
  since we 're far beyond the times you can try to find a new ways to the indies , and we 're running out of legal trade barriers to remove , technological/product development remains out only realm of development . 
  it 's time to re-consider our stance on taxation and free market liberalism , and entertain the possibility that we need to coordinate a state managed push into larger and more technologically complex projects to stimulate a potential new field of development , the same way arpanet gave rise to the it market . 
  you ignore him , he 'll keep pushing . 
  he 'll only stops when it looks like it will cost him something . 
  he needed nothing . 
  they banged heads , measured each other up , and we 're satisfied enough to pull back before things got serious . 
  that 's how these countries act , like chavs . 
  he only hits out at who he thinks wo n't really hit back . 
  the eu being the perfect target . 
  you 're behaving like some aristocrat thinking his heritage makes him shit gold and justice . 
  the civilization you live in is n't yours given by god or nature . 
  it was worked for and you can always squander it away . 
  i 'm telling you 're throwing away everything that sets europe apart from asia , with the exception of an imaginary line , and you act like that 's against the laws of physics itself , then throw geneology in my face . 
  again , which administration . 
  council , commission , or parliament . 
  council and it 's coreper handpuppet together with the diplomatic corps wield the bulk of the power in the union . 
  but everyone is a national bureaucrat or politician .
