  `` would n't it be nice if everyone was nice '' simply is n't a good foundation to build something in the real world . 
  and if we try to please everyone , we end up pleasing no one . 
  better to have something that matters , than compromise ourselves into bland , useless drivel . 
   consumer spending ( demand ) is the basis of a free market economy ugh , ok , i 'm going to bite . 
  simply put , you ca n't take `` number goes up '' logic outside of its context . 
  now , if salaries went up or prices went down , then this number would fit into a larger narrative of prosperity . 
  but , consumer demand seems to be going up despite salaries and prices remaining largely stable . 
  which leaves the question : what is happening to the average briton to make him buy more ? 
  it might be the pound getting weaker making people want to use their less-valuable savings quicker . 
  it might be that '' consumer confidence in the economy '' might be picking up , but confidence does n't mean it 's actually happening , especially since most organizations are saying salaries will remain stagnant . 
  so this statistic sort of stands in the middle of no good foundation . 
  and while spurring consumer demand is good , it 's signalling nothing in particular at best , and at worst a troubling public disconnect with reality . 
  now you might say : the peoples opinion matters more than some experts . 
  which is , you know , fine by me . 
  now please trigger article 50 . edit : ca n't find consumer spending numbers on the ons site , so i ca n't actually go into detail on anything . 
  edit2 : i found the gdp statistics that they 're using for their graph and there are . . some discrepancies . 
  now i ca n't actually believe they would blatantly change gross fixed capital formation numbers , so i 'll just put a link and see if someone with more knowledge can confirm that the discrepancy is there ( figure 9 . 
  ) : https://www.ons.gov.uk/economy/grossdomesticproductgdp/bulletins/secondestimateofgdp/quarter3julytosept2016, 
  actually , a sensible argument would be questioning the relevance of consumer spending . 
  although , at this point i just want them to trigger art . 
  50 already , so as long as they 're on course they can talk `` omens are right '' all they want . 
  despite claims to the opposite , i 'd suggest you take reuters articles with a pinch of salt . 
  they seem to display pretty much ` trending ' echochamber articles . 
  if a bunch of anglo media spin ` brexit wiggle room ' , reuters follows . 
  it was the same with the eurozone collapse and migrant crisis . 
  interesting questions open up regarding traffic going through the uk , and the right of irish individuals if the ni border stays open . 
  in short , how does this effect eu citizens that are not uk nationals ? 
  i agree eu countries have been cunts about opening new chapters , wo n't deny it . 
  but the turkish government has made it politically difficult to side with turkey on this as well . 
  it would be a lot easier to actually support turkey , if turkey was a genuine ` liberal democracy ' . 
  unfortunately the coups , the imprisoning of journalists , the cyprus division , and now the more active form of the diyanet have all made it difficult . 
   turkey joining the eu wo n't happen without the eu either falling apart or turning into a totalitarian state . 
  or turkey becoming a successful democratic secular state . 
  hmm , wondering if this is actually draghi accelerating to hit that inflation target . 
  i was thinking specifically of anti-terrorist and other such special units . 
  i 'm trying to not be unreasonable here , you have to understand . 
  there is a case to be made about the need to have an issued weapon handy , such as in the case of switzerland . 
  i just think that weapons should be issued , not bought , and they should be a responsibility given by the society/state , rather than an individual right like it is in america . 
  why ? 
  if someone was part of a police , gendarmerie , armed unit , or national guard , i would agree that for the duration of their service they could own something like that , because their organization has taken the job of supervising their mental well-being and has entrusted them with immense professional responsibility anyway . 
  but some random that nobody check on that wants one for funsies ? 
  no , damn no . 
  here 's the full document regarding the motion : http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getdoc.do?pubref=-//ep//nonsgml+motion+b8-2016-1230+0+doc+pdf+v0//en, 
  deleted it because i realized it did n't add anything to the conversation , and was simply going to make you more butthurt . 
  and it did . 
  sorry , to hurt your feelings . 
  a coalition had to exist because of the pressures involved in the ideologies of the current parliament . 
  if you look at voting patterns you 'll notice the far left and the far right tend to vote extremely similar , and mostly anti-anything . 
  with the epp unable to gain a majority , a grand coalition was necessary to keep the legislative process running , and especially to maintain the spitzenkandidat system after the council governments fought against it . 
  arguably the only reason alde has managed to do better is because verhofstadt has manage to distinguish them using his more dedicated stances on europeanism . 
  schulz as president of the parliament could not hope to be as outspoken . 
   and he 's failed to make the s&d group stand out as a european political force . 
  to be fair , the epp dominates the council , the eurogroup and the parliament currently so it has a lot more leverage . 
   but are they considered `` romanian '' by other romanians ? 
  consider for one moment that romania has large ethnic minority populations . 
  if we did n't ultimately consider them romanian , we 'd have major constitutional and territorial issues . 
  there are people who are ethno-nationalists , and we have minority protections in place to make sure their ideology never threatens the integrity of the state . 
  but romanian is ultimately a citizen . 
  consider that just a few months ago we had the news talk about two romanians climbing peak 5 , one was named vlad c\u0103pu\u015fan , the other zsolt torok . 
  i 'd say that 's a fair assessment where those issues apply . 
  but not all newcomers fall into ethnic enclaves so you can not use that as a rule of thumb . 
  and it seems that in this case the danes have taken a step further and apply it to anyone who simply has the wrong last name . 
  i 'm inclined to disagree with the idea that aristocratic rulers had anything to do with creating the nations . 
  by and large , they derived their power through a series of feudal and clerical loyalties , and gained a lot from a lack of social unity of any kind . 
  the `` fear of the other , inside/outside group '' strategy developed with the increase of public participation , to the monarchs these tactics were alien as they saw their battles as more cynical ploys for power and land , their people as subject that obey instead of citizens to be manipulated . 
  remember , for example , that the martyrs of arad were joined by non-hungarian which believed , like them , in republican humanist ideals and were later decried by the tribal loyalties of the royalist elites of their ethnicity as being traitors to their own kind . 
  so in my estimate it was actually republic humanists nationalism that fought against the monarchies and tried to break the old religious and familial/aristrocratic chains of power by creating a social identity . 
  meanwhile the old blood-loyalties tried desperately to keep together their genealogical alliances , and in the east succeeded . 
  same with the clerical loyalties . 
  the religious and lineage foundation of european ethnic nations are the complete opposite of the revolutionary ideal . 
   nationalism is primarily an old phenomenon . 
  quite the opposite , nationalism is extremely young . 
  before that class and religious differences were far more important . 
  it 's origin rests in the fact that written revolutionary material was dispersed along linguistic lines , and that formed the basis of ` national identity ' . 
  in some places that identity became non-ethnic , like america , india and france , and in others it was hijacked into ethnic identitarianism , central and eastern europe . 
  i 'd say rural always tended to be ` wary of strangers ' , and there was a time that wariness extended to anyone who was n't a few days walk away . 
  in small really deprived areas you still get that , with new entrants being single out and initially suspect . 
  this is just an extension of that sentiment . 
   in the us i would say is different , as everyone is from somewhere else . 
  that 's not really a fair thing to say . 
  everyone born in the us , is from the us . 
  where their parent 's came from does n't matter , it 's not going to make them any less born in the us . 
  some europeans i think tend to share with many ` blah ' - americans this belief that your family history somehow managed to get inscribed into your blood , and that gives special ` identity ' privileges . 
   this is true pretty much everywhere , always has been , and probably always will be . 
  where do you live where being born and raised there does n't make you a part of the country ? 
  to me at least , this attitude is extremely weird . 
  as if you require genetic testing to be sure you 're ` true dane ' . 
  eppo is on its way  . 
  there was a post-war population boom that climbed on top of the benefits of the green revolution that saw population tripling or more almost everywhere . 
  there are a few exceptions to that though . 
   not the same country though is it . 
  strange how that logic does n't apply to scotland and brexit . 
  so democratic majority rules , but not in a union of countries , unless its a union of countries with scotland ? 
  is that the rule ? 
  well , it 's not like any of the romanian parties are pro-military , although i 'd admit we have other pressures involved . 
  still , i 've heard that spd members have been tied to russian businessmen , no ? 
  latest defense union vote had pis abstaining while even fidesz voted for . 
  votes before then on related defense cooperation had pis actually voting against , if i remember correctly . 
  so it 's easy to find it difficult to understand what the government is aiming for . 
  they 're supposed to represent their electorate , their national party , and their european party .
