  wales must be a strange place . 
  ... you know , there 's currently two eu institutions up for grabs who 'll need new buildings . 
  [ on a regional level , in pps ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistical-atlas/gis/viewer/?ch=17,50,51&amp;mids=2,52,101&amp;o=1,1,0.7&amp;center=50.00754,19.98211,3&amp; ), 
  bargaining chip for what , against who ? 
  it 's a black hole where money goes , and a good deal of that money is french . 
  next time try to be funny , darling . 
  i actually do n't mind the british . 
  they 've done poorly in getting contracts , and even if knew the truth would probably still get miffed . 
  it 's the occasional german who still does n't get that the open-bidding plus the cheap-labout has given their industries an immense boost , as infrastructure projects are rolled out in the east . 
  since eu funding is largely euro-for-euro with national funding , you have the polish government paying money into german companies . 
  this eu ecosystem works for everyone in the end , if we allow it too . 
  and then to [ italian ] ( http://www.theconstructionindex.co.uk/news/view/italian-contractors-win-andeuro410m-of-polish-roads-contracts ) and [ uk ] ( http://www.theconstructionindex.co.uk/news/view/skanska-awarded-polish-highway-expansion ) companies , because of non-discriminatory bidding ,, 
   i guess it would mean some sort of defeat if they canceled meetings in strasbourg . 
  actually what if they simply refuse to go , and instead stay in brussels ? 
  who 's there to make them ? 
   next little thing to clean up please ? 
  the ridiculous waste of $ 180m a year moving parliament between brussels and strasbourg !, 
  contact your government to put it on the agenda , because that 's a council prerogative . 
  every candidate for europarl president agreed , europarl actually voted it should stop , and the council still does n't care . 
   you do n't want to vote for commanders of military forces , that 's a terrible idea . 
  i said no such thing . 
  you 've completely butchered the meaning of what i said . 
  to begin with , the top military commanders in democracies are picked by a democratic representative . 
  for nato , that is done by the us president . 
  do you vote for the us president , because i certainly was never given that opportunity ? 
  second , it is common for the general military policy , actions and spending to be decided in a democratic chamber in democracies . 
  and , when push comes to shove , military commanders are held responsible for their decisions in front of that chamber . 
  nato has no structures to allow that , and the ones that it has are seperate from the democratic institutions of the continent . 
  i consider this unacceptable . 
  if you believe that such a lack of civilian accountability is fine , that 's up to you . 
   i agree with you . 
  unfortunately greek politicians draw attention away from important things and they just manage to keep the sheep focused on stupid things i keep wondering . 
  why has n't anyone created a greek comedy show yet in the style of `` yes , prime minister '' ? 
  you have so much material to work with . 
  put those stupid things to good use . 
  wait a few more years for his reforms to come to fruition , and the resemblance will be uncanny . 
  i think you and a lot of people are making a mistake in treating such an idea as a `` parallel nato '' , which will have nato 's problems . 
  that 's because you picture an intergovernmental system of alliances , for some reason , rather than pooled resources like everyone else does . 
  we 've already done it with air-logistics and with satellite surveillance , those resources belong to everyone not just france or germany , and are payed from a shared budget that has been agreed on . 
  we 're planning to do the same with research to get more than a dozen slap-dash results . 
  we ca n't continue to talk about the benefits and drawbacks of nato vs eu cd ( common defence ) without recognizing the different mentalities in implementation . 
  see , i do n't know if it did . 
  i think the oil reserves helped , i think business friendly regulation helped . 
  but has it brought wealth or just the wealthy ? 
  i honestly do n't know , but when i saw ireland have a gdp growth of 26 % in 2015 , that had me wondering a lot about these things, 
   and why ca n't that be solved through nato ? 
  why should it ? 
  we do n't get a vote in nato . 
  we do n't get any democratic supervision of nato . 
  we do n't even get to pick the commander of nato forces . 
  so pass . 
   every time europe faces some sort of problem the answer is always to pile yet another layer on top of the cake consisting of decades of political institutions and frameworks , some of which are hardly relevant anymore is that what the answer has been ? 
  i must have been to distracted by the painfully reluctant last-minute acceptance of a common border force , that has been suggested since 2007 , the inexistant eurozone reforms , and the begruding permission for the ecb to actually do it 's job . 
  the eu has been paralysed for the past 10 years . 
  in that time the answer has been `` less europe , more talking '' , and it 's been a disaster . 
  what world do you live in ? 
   if nato has shortcomings , let 's actually address those instead of creating yet another partly overlapping , competing institution . 
  overlapping ? 
  competing ? 
  nato and the eu commands are complimentary . 
  europe does n't have a unitary command on the continent , america does . 
  how about we stop borrowing america 's stuff , and expect them to not bother us with their politics . 
   there 's no need for such a thing . 
  just spend the recommended 2 % of gdp on defense and keep the us happy so that nato still fill its intended role . 
  2 % of nothing is nothing . 
  small countries need more than threats to buy a handful of f35s they ca n't properly maintain or risk loosing protection . 
  the common defence policy prioritizes actual results , over arbitrary accounting targets . 
   the uk has been performing well , and exceptionally strongly by eu standards , over the last 25 years . 
  we 've just witnesses a referendum won by people pointing out how they 've been left behind by that `` exceptionally strong '' economic performance . 
  how much of that was even real ? 
  do n't be too harsh on them . 
  the modern left still has n't figured out that it ca n't recycle 1950 talking points to solve modern issues . 
  the liberals , the real ones , were there before them and they will be there after them . 
  we just need to find the militant attitude that made the words `` libert\u00e9 , \u00c9galit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 '' strike fear in the heart of kings , priests and merchant-princes . 
  prepare for disappointment . 
  tajani looks the most likely candidate to win , and he 's dead set on returning the parliament to a useless room of retired politicians . 
  the epp 's era of less europe continues . 
   i 'd say that more specifically the left-wing has lost ground to the right-wing populist eurosceptics because their ` pro-european ' compromise with the centre-right meant there was little left-wing criticism of the eu . 
  there was , there was a lot of talk of reforming banking institution , setting financial tax , creating a common eurozone fund , all sort of `` this can be done better '' . 
  renzi pushed as hard as he could , as did holland at the beginning of his term , as did every left wing national leader . 
  but constructive criticism is n't recognized as criticism when it comes to the eu . 
  you either want to tear it down , or are a mindless euro-fanatic . 
  confused me as well , do n't think that specific division actually existed , someone seems to have wanted to make a point . 
  ok , i see where you 're coming from . 
  global market liberalism is indeed a severe issue , and i guess it depends where you want to draw the line of `` us '' , that should be protected from it starts . 
  personally i 've always seen the eu and the 4f as the foundation of a larger dirigist/ordoliberalist continental order that would tame rogue capitalism in our lives , by preventing national fiscal competition . 
  but i guess that does n't do well on the left , who 've turned their back on labour internationalism . 
   tell this to sunderland and see what they say . 
  a community hollowed out because its productive capacity relocated to a lower-cost jurisdiction . 
  actually been there . 
  also , clydeside and glenrothes because industrial history is a bid of a hobby . 
  let me tell you , low cost labour had little to do with it . 
  you got `` eastern europed '' thanks to several decades of nationalization and underinvestment , and one decade of heartless selling off , just like us . 
  and once you loose your industries it 's hard to get them back . 
  you 're blaming us for the consequences systematic mismanagement . 
  german companies by comparison kept pace , modernized where it could , outsourced the small things , found new market niches , grew and are still starving for employees . 
  same with french , believe it or not , when it comes to the sort of engineering jobs that have grown rare in the uk . 
   similarly , tell that to the e.e. 
  states who ca n't pay their own people enough to keep them there . 
  net migration is clearly negative -- especially for the highly skilled .
