  this allows a government to play both sides because of that . 
  it can say one thing in private in the council , and at the same time have it 's parliament lodge objection through the yellow card system , because we 're all running parliamentary democracies of some sort where a parliamentary majority usually is the government . 
  so it can get anti-eu sentiment votes , while never actually standing up for anything it 's saying and maybe even being a major supporter for the legislation . 
  lastly , it creates even more bureaucracy to manage what is essentially another legislative chamber , composed of thousands of people spread over an entire continent . 
  if that was true , we would n't have grounds for using the terrible yellow/orange card system . 
  why single out france and germany ? 
  why do you think the changes will have electoral blowback ? 
  anyway , each of the alliance groups , nordics , benelux , club med , franco-german , and v4 have , really roughly , their own set of changes they 'd like to make . 
  and with 27 members , a constitutional crisis would take decades to sort out , many would say best not to risk it . 
  considering that coreper does the bulk of the work for the council of ministers , and it 's staffed with the diplomatic corps and national civil servants , this suggest that it 's largely done according to the decisions of the cabinet of each member state . 
  some member states or governments might give their cabinet members more leeway regarding decisions under their departments , other 's might be more or less responsive to their parliament , and some might have a strong head of government directing things compared to others . 
  so it does n't really depend on national law , but the current power politics inside the national cabinets . 
  actually , probably not `` ofcourse '' . 
  there 's arguments to be made on either side . 
  ultimately , i think this is a decision made out of a fear of someone taking advantage of the re-opening of the treaties . 
  there 's no real process for amending them as far as i know , so anything can happen once you set the precedent . 
  drawback of not having a constitution . 
  the russian identity crisis is half the problem . 
  we 're not really selling ourselves well in my opinion . 
  to those on the fence , it seems like we want to move their capital from chisinau and rule them from bucharest , and that 's not going to win us friends . 
  we should considering preparing our legislative and internal organization for accepting moldova as is , with the minimum of fuss . 
  it 's pretty much the only thing i agreed with psd . 
  we really could have used the internal federalization . 
   no one would be happy . 
  and that 's the foundation of compromise . 
  ehhh , that 's not really true . 
  it seems we used rumani , vlachs , regionalisms , anything really . 
  mostly because there was hardly any `` ourselves '' before the coming of nationalism . 
  our only home-grown intelectual institution that could give us a shared written record was the orthodox church ... who spoke in old slavonic . 
  the non-romanian balkan latin speakers still continue the admix of naming conventions . 
  heh , unionist complains of others placing strong defense of a union . 
  thanks , / u/kinggeorgecommands , always a pleasure . 
   half slavic triggered !, 
  heh , that being said , you 're partly right . 
  we 're sort of a little bit of everything , and i believe that 's a point of pride . 
  we 're either really good at assimilating or really shit at being assimilated . 
  others though , prefer the `` pure blood from rome '' , and would take offence . 
  but thank you , we love you too western half germanic sister france !, 
  humorless much ? 
  anyway , bojo set that bar low enough , we 'd be hard pressed to clear it . 
   boys remember usa is the same as russia . 
  yeah , what a fucking joke there is no comparison . 
  honestly , whatever . 
  that 's between them . 
  we have no need to pick sides , we can distance ourselves from both of them . 
  i 'm not sure that 's actually very true . 
  for one , before the enlightment china was actually an industrial , technologic , and economic monster . 
  arguably , europe caught it during a very conservative phase of it 's existence . 
  pants down , if you will . 
  and if that logic held true , then the major powerhouses in europe would have been the italian and german city-states and principates . 
  instead the major players of the second half of the 2nd millenium were mini-china 's . 
  relatively large , centralized states with an extensive bureaucracy . 
   i 'm talking more about the anti-brit circlejerk here where ? 
   thanks to their decadence . 
  agreed . 
  the moment christianity came and banned sodomy it all went downhill . 
  engage in pagan fertility festivals , make europe great again !, 
  what the hell germany ? 
  biggest economy in europe , high population density , accommodation prices barely above romania . 
  you clearly have n't been part of the inspections to make sure you 're not smuggling cigarettes . 
  til reporting on british opinion is considered anti-british . 
   well , its logical they want all pros and no cons . 
  every reasonable person would want that . 
  i believe the definition of reasonable is a belief in balanced give and take , rather than optimistic views of being given everything you want without detriment . 
  from what i remember , before the eu instituted stricter environmental laws , uk beaches were used as sewage dumps as pipelines were run straight into the sea . 
  from word-of-mouth i remember that factory runoff was also a significant problem . 
  and for decades the uk has had a policy of trying to `` polish '' its statistics to prevent those law being implemented properly , which they had to be brought to court for repeatedly . 
  so it was one of those hard won fights to get a national government to actually take care of the commons . 
  the council has taken immense power in recent years . 
  the commission and the parliament have been sidelined both on the eurocrisis and the migrant crisis . 
  commissioners have realized they 're an advisory service for the 27 , and little else . 
  we are now , and have been since 2009 in an intergovernmentalist eu . 
  the relationship is rather one sided infatuation honestly . 
   we just sort of copy everything you do and hope we can be `` mini-france '' . 
  melenchon actually comes off as the person lepen is pretending to be . 
  he has similar priorities , only he can actually articulate them and put some fire into them , without having to mention either muslims or the eu to get people riled up . 
  it 's the use of the baltics in specific that is the problem . 
  the baltics have a very narrow set of conditions for them being in a conflict : russia has invaded . 
  so it translated in my mind as : if russia decides to invade eu countries , it 's none of our business . 
  if he stopped talking after mentioning not extending the nuclear shield , i 'd have said fair enough . 
  renegotiation borders ? 
  i would have assumed some strange miss-translation happened . 
  but the baltics ? 
   most french have no idea about it . 
  [ mon visage quand ] ( http://media.giphy.com/media/a87ffpjcemjtg/giphy.gif ), 
  and then they 're expected to go into a room with 27 other people of the same disposition and then lead this entire continent . 
  this is why american banking failures , russian expansionism , and a wave of migration have all overwhelmed us . 
  concrete proof that greeks are the true owners of crimea . 
  gib back land russia !, 
  and in the following sentence : the baltics and russia have been in conflict for a thousand years , we should not get involved ( paraphrased ) . 
  in 3 sentences he pretty much declared that he will give europe to russia . 
  and then fillon is of the same opinion . 
  apparently the left and the right have something they agree about . 
  that was truly painful from her . 
  she just praised the progress of a government dedicated to neoliberalism , austerity , privatization , special tax deals with companies , and which prevented blocking cheap steel coming from china . 
  it 's literally the polar opposite of everything she 's talking about when she start going on about `` economic patriotism '' . 
  besides that it 's shit on top of shit . 
  her spiel about how the french agriculture is getting destroyed by the eu ? 
  the eu which imposes higher costs on health and safety and administration on polish farmers ? 
  the eu which is allowing cheap agricultural workers to be used by french farmers ?
