  look , you said that there was `` less austerity '' , i explained that scotland still has spending cuts , proportional to english spending cuts due to the formula , and how they are done . 
  i do n't know what `` average public spending '' had to do with those cuts existing , but here 's a link from way back that goes into how that `` public spending '' is just a bit pumped up , and does n't go as far in a sparsely populated country : https://www.reddit.com/r/scotland/comments/2hgxrd/eli5_why_does_scotland_get_more_money_per_head/ do n't get mad because some of us got burned out after a lot of hard work amounted to nothing , not even a change in the stereotypical perceptions uk media like to peddle . 
  please do n't post imgur snapshots of un-sourced graphs . 
  when anyone can knock one out with photoshop , it 's just a shitty move . 
  anyway , i 've do n't have time to explain why it might be misleading , nor do i really care anymore since the referendum . 
  on to bigger and better things . 
   from my understanding scotland has its own parliament , higher public spending , less austerity . 
  it 's complicated . 
  the scottish government ca n't borrow , and the spending calculations are never quite right . 
  the `` less austerity '' part is mostly the scottish government undergoing spending cuts through reorganizing and centralizing services . 
  because of the barnet formula it still feels the austerity policy implemented in england , but there 's so many inefficiencies linked to local government corruption and duplication that can be fixed that it does n't feel it as badly . 
  for census data , you 're looking for the eurostat statistical atlas . 
  the eurobarometer is far more restricted , taking a proportional sample per member state . 
  you ca n't map the results as neatly . 
  over the long term , and as long as it is n't kept inside friend networks . 
  you 'd have to check who 's on the review board . 
  funding being what it is , i imagine quite a few people will take advantage of it actually . 
  it seems they can remain employed at foreign research institutes , so they can simply fly in and out of poland for their projects . 
  as long as it has a decent review board to check on results , this might be good . 
  as the article said , `` if a determined culprit is eager enough , he will probably always find a way of committing crimes with vehicles . 
  but finding a way and enacting it are two different things though . 
  we do n't consider buldozers a `` constitutional right '' , getting to one involves some hassle . 
  same goes with everything else that might be used , the goal is not total prevention , but increasing failure rate and early warning . 
  if your government decided that it 's commissioner would be chosen by election , then he would . 
  and no one has tried proposing it , so you ca n't say it would n't work . 
  change starts best close to home . 
  and the eu is in service to the member states , not the other way around , so it can change nothing . 
   what is additionally alarming is that nobody elected oettinger . 
  so go away eu . 
  member states wanted their sovereignty , so they get to appoint commissioners . 
  bring it up with your government . 
  how exactly is this low quality ? 
  each point has a small `` full details '' button that references the actual sections of the law on eur-lex as well as media articles and company impact assessments . 
   yes , let 's keep the internet free , but no , let 's not bash the eu too hard over this honestly , we should bash , but focus our bashing . 
  the major issue here was and is oettinger , and the german government which supports his stay as commissioner despite blunder after blunder . 
   but let 's say all these things come true : p2p technology ( which is on the rise ) to the rescue . 
  just like how the internet will democratize china ? 
  or how social media safeguarded the arab spring ? 
  technology will not solve a broken social and legal environment . 
  as one of the pirate bay founders said , after admiting complete defeat : `` stop treating internet like it 's a different thing and start focusing on what you actually want your society to look like . '', 
  i know , i 'm worried that psd will copy other illiberal democracies and turn it into a partisan crusade , changing laws as they wish and blaming the other parties for making them do it . 
  po pretty much opened the doors to pis 's crusade with their extra judge appointments . 
  this might serve the same purpose . 
  very much this . 
  by doing it , and doing it without a point to make , he just gives psd no other choice than to go all out on promoting dragnea . 
  he might be trying to get support for another election , but why would anyone bother to vote differently or at all after this turns into a non-issue fiasco . 
  have you considered adopting the mayoral system ? 
  sorry , i assumed you meant an external border between eu countries , not our true external border , the one that actually matters . 
  but yes , this is a processing failure . 
  no amount of other security theater crap could have compensated for having this guy being kept in administrative limbo on our territory . 
  you know what terrorists also would n't like ? 
  if we start listening to everyone 's communications and got rid of privacy . 
  why do n't we do that as well ? 
  what 's the difference ? 
  it 's an exchange of liberty in exchange for security either way , why stick to dividing countries and not counties , especially considering the size of places like the germany and france, 
  not really , not if you think about it . 
  the snp are now dominated by gradualists who wanted to build up after the last referendum , wait awhile and use the new devolved powers to neutralize against arguments in the future . 
  basically become independent in everything but name . 
  having another referendum this soon , means that they would be dealing with the same people that voted in 2014 , while bringing nothing new to the table . 
  if the brexit referendum happened 10 years from now they might have stood a better chance , but this is way to soon . 
  some people have some really funny ideas about what the snp is and what position they find themselves in , the truth of it is that they 're not given any choice . 
  to do anything else but what they 're doing would be against their principles , against their status as an opposition force in government , and against the interests of the scottish economy . 
  not everyone can keep quiet like corbyn and get away with it . 
  what exactly do you count as the eu political body ? 
  the member states ? 
  they ran the eurozone , schengen , ukraine and internal security policies , the failures which the entire eu is judged on despite having nothing to do with them . 
  the commission ? 
  the tabloid are keen to make shit up , but there have been serious issues with corruption in the barosso commission , the previous proposal of eliminating roaming charges was deeply flawed and criticized , their digital policy is being constantly bashed and thank fuck oettinger is no longer in charge of it , they have not manage to please anyone on ceta and how it was done ( the definition of a good compromise actually ) , and some seem to have a deep hatred for their intervention on tax regulation relating to ireland as well as their part in the recent firearm regulation . 
  the parliament ? 
  perhaps the only institution that has n't gone out of it 's way to fuck anything up . 
  the issue of unified economic government actually has little to do with trust , we are already unified over a great deal of economic policy , regulation and trade . 
  the issue is budgets and spending , no one wants to pay more into the pot . 
  honest answer ? 
  because done poorly it might lead to detachment of policy from the needs of the majority of the polity . 
  something which people in overly-centralized countries notice every day . 
  principle of subsidiarity must reign supreme . 
  an extensive espionage and influence network . 
  i do n't think you understand how much the revolution was rigged against ceausescu by forces dedicated to maintaining their position post-soviet collapse . 
  edit : btw , there is a post in the new section related to the use of miners to beat up protesters afterwards , and the subsequent mineriads as the miners continued to try to use their muscle to influence government . 
  i suggest you research that and picture what guns would have brought to the table there . 
  they could literally do it in a year or two , if they were serious and the legislature played ball . 
  most of the difficulties around the accession process rests in adopting the necessary laws to bring them up to standard , followed by difficulties in implementing them properly . 
  there 's a reason why they 're not there already , and special interests either try to add in a loop-hole , shape it into something they can use , or try to delay implementation . 
  sometimes , there is n't any malevolent interest behind it . 
  sometimes it 's simple institutional inertia that feels a need to fight every change , or ca n't be bothered to follow along effectively . 
  what exactly has she done poorly ? 
  politics is n't exactly the place for grand victories and amazing moments . 
  90 % of the time it 's patching up broken or breaking crap . 
  and the snp have done a decent job of dealing with what they had under her . 
  once they got some tax powers they implemented it in a form that osborne copied . 
  the new land reform bill passed parliament with an amazing majority . 
  they actually set out to construct more residential areas , something which is badly needed . 
  and they got most of what they wanted from the devolution negotiations . 
  and overall , she 's not done anything outrageous , which the least you can ask from a government and which many fail . 
  the most criticized policy was the named person 's policy , largely out of scaremongering in my opinion . 
  edit : also , the only politician in the uk to not loose her head after the brexit referendum . 
  she does her job , she does it well , with little fanfare . 
  i actually saw alex salmond . 
  there was someone you could be torn about , a political beast if there ever was one . 
  sturgeon on the other hand i did n't have a lot of faith in at first , felt at the beginning like she was going to get bulldozed or the party is going to crumble from under her .
