  it 's a prosecutor 's office meant to track down and investigate abuse of eu funds . 
  romania is one of it 's biggest advocates , together with spain , italy , germany and bulgaria . 
  opposition is the dutch , poland , hungary and greece . 
  this repeats along various other policies as well . 
  you might like to lump us into one neat little group , but romania has n't brought complete chaos to the table whenever a vote was held while screaming `` sovereignty '' . 
  the current government is trying to get the narrative started , but no one 's buying it . 
  we 're also not that keen sucking up to russia ( hungary ) or the usa ( poland ) , at the cost of our european alliances . 
   and yes i make a new account ... i do not want to be banned on my other ... so throwaway ... that 's overly sensitive . 
  for 50 years france has wanted to turn the eec/eu into an extension of it 's geopolitical interests . 
  this is a point where many are seeing quid-pro-quos that were n't there before . 
   it seems to me like that v4 is n't strictly against some further cooperation ( regardless of whether they 'll be taking part of that or not ) , they just do n't want this to kill the single market , schengen or the eu . 
  no , they 're covering their backs so that if they loose out and some integration does happen , they get to join it latter and pretend they were n't holding everyone back in the first place . 
  read the document , it 's just whinge over anything changing . 
  they make a point of insisting that cohesion funds keep coming , as if doing it is going to make them any friends , while national governments should get more power . 
  they stop short of `` single market '' because unlike the nordics , they 're still net beneficiaries and net emigrating countries , so they need the extra social support until they can go full euro-sceptic and pull the ladder from behind them . 
  that 's been a consensus for quite a while . 
  the question is why talk about it openly now ? 
  why make a point of advocating it ? 
  either it 's a publicity stunt to show that something is being done , while doing nothing . 
  or they want something specific they ca n't get without admiting to a multi-speed method first . 
  they are largely united in opposition . 
  they 've brought little to the table on their own . 
  they ca n't even get along with the equally intergovernmentalist nordics because they fight to keep the cohesion funds coming . 
  i expect in 20 years we 'll see them call to russia to intervene to guarantee their sovereignty and rights , for the full historical re-enactment package . 
   what does she really mean by multi-speed eu ? 
  biggest question really . 
  declaring multi-speed is only a means to something else . 
  the thing is , since the v4 is the only vocal critic , it 's likely something fairly innocuous and unambitious . 
  something truly groundshaking would have cause the nordics to raise more noise . 
  playing powers against each other is dubious even when you 're an independent actor . 
  when you 're part of one of the powers you 're playing , it has a very specific and unsightly name . 
  v4 confederation promotes `` nihil novi '' in true tradition of eastern european respect for history and its endless repetition . 
  may arguing for democratic supervision to be removed . 
  does n't seem unusual , practically defines her career . 
  the faceless unelected bureaucrat . 
   yeah , you have a point , but i do n't want them to take us into a position so bad , we wo n't be able to recover from it . 
  look at it in the truly pessimistic way . 
  worse comes to worst if the eu stays like this : it crashes , and we end up back in balkan bukake as new spheres of influence form , just like in the early 20th century . 
  so pretty fucking bad . 
  worse comes to worst if a two-speed europe forms : we have a friendly power in the west that balances france and germany . 
  even if we 're not in , we 'd be slightly better off . 
   do funds matter that much for psd tho ? 
  it 's very hard to steal eu funds without eventually getting caught and they barely ever use them anyway . 
  i think that 's one of the reasons . 
  eu has asked us numerous times to use the goddamn funds . 
  :p i suspect they 're sufficient to keep them interested . 
  even if not directly stolen , the projects look pretty enough to the casual voter to get some good will for the local mayors . 
  and you ca n't do national politics if you do n't grease the hands of the boyars . 
  what 's the difference from where we are now in that scenario ? 
  poland and hungary already poisoned the well . 
  if psd is dead set on being on the outside , whatever the eu does is n't going to change that . 
  but a new core will force it to re-evaluate if it wants to join the v4 in the doghouse once the funds get cut , which they likely will . 
  two reasons : a ) even a simple common border reinforcement force sends states and sceptictanks gunning for their `` sovereignty whistle '' . 
  anything that has a eu agency attached is suspect , by default . 
  europhobia is very much a thing . 
  b ) that 's the first thing that came to mind when the sceptictanks heard of `` border protection '' . 
  that it was some way to sneak a standing army . 
  honestly , do n't even blame them , india 's border security force started out like that and now it 's a full on military branch . 
  so if you want to promote a eu armed forces , you 're best off being honest about it . 
  you 're already dealing with the irrational phobia , no need to trigger the paranoia as well . 
  you mean psd ? 
  they 're opportunists . 
  the v4 and even the nordics as well . 
  they complain about two-speed europe , because they know once a new core has been created the only practical thing to do is to join it as soon as possible . 
  so they 're applying the breaks early on hoping they never have to make that choice . 
  it 's a gamble , since they could always hre/plc the whole shebang through their politiking . 
  it 's actually not that big a deal . 
  a bunch of people already employed have been given new roles . 
  an old office might be refurbished . 
  i do n't think any extra funding has been placed , and they 're scared shitless of calling it a military hq , europhobia being what it is . 
  that 's not the vibes we 've been getting from poland lately . 
  they 've been reluctant , since they 're trying to please the americans over nato . 
  as for hungary , who know what orban believes or wants , because what he says is no clear indication of it . 
  after 9 years of hearing intergovernmentalists shout : `` the answer is n't more europe , but more member state negotiations . '', 
  only to act aghast and surprised that the largest member in the negotiation has more influence than others , please let me express my feelings on the matter : just stop . 
  you might mean well , but you 're getting us nowhere . 
  yup , self-serving hypocrisy and double-think , at it 's bluntest . 
  we 're free of it soon enough thankfully . 
  sorry that we 're leaving you alone with them . 
  to begin with , if that was the case then we would ' t have entered the eu to begin with . 
  and this is not an east vs west thing . 
  this is an integrationist vs regressive thing . 
  the v4 might try to make it an east-vs-west thing because crying foul on foreigners works for them , but we should n't let that blind us . 
  after 8 years of seeing such meetings come and go , the lesson learned is to lower your expectations and once lowered try to lower them further . 
   if the eu decide to be unreasonable i 'm sure you 'll find plenty `` unreasonable '' . 
  it 's become a treasured skill among some . 
  let me start off with making it absolutely clear : am not defending macedonia . 
  criticism of one is not automatic approval of the other . 
  but having an insane statement in an accord does n't make it any less insane . 
  and if you think bilateral accords are worth anything to begin with , then more fool you . 
  since then the defacto around the world makes this an non-issue . 
  honestly , i would love to focus on the crazy that macedonia is getting into . 
  i would like to completely side with greece and put weight on macedonia do decrease the 19th century bullshit posturing and mythologizing . 
  but greek reactionary stance makes it so damn hard . 
  you 're all obsessed with the name and with your right to claim macedon . 
  you 're not fellow sane people trying to calm down an insane person , you 're just another member of the insane asylum we have to pander to . 
  the cringey part is seeing it from the perspective of scotland . 
  if alex salmond or nicola sturgeon try to use the norway example , they 'd get ridiculed and shamed for the comparison in the media . 
  fish-faced farage can use it day and night , loudly , and he 's considered someone worth listening to and near damn visionary by some . 
  it 's disgraceful .
