  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-norfolk-30234121 ), 
  um , i just made an observation . 
  that 's salt to you ? 
  when did `` stiff upper lip '' become `` whinge at a touch '' ? 
  is every thread where anyone says anything on britain short of praise going to be accompanied by `` everyone hates britain '' ? 
  lesson is as old as rome . 
  do n't have a population with little stake in the status quo . 
  not that the optimae ever listened . 
  if an economy is growing and there is no one there to see it , does it actually happen ? 
  from the looks of it , the uk has endured italian-like austerity policy despite saying it 's seeing german-like growth . 
  how can these fact be safely reconciled ? 
  they spent 6 years telling everyone how great they 're doing economically , then one of the main arguments for voting out was how impoverished , neglected and institutionally strained some areas are . 
  so , yeah , i 'd say so . 
  niall ferguson exemplifying why britain is a world apart . 
  spouting telegraph articles as gospel . 
  taking the issues the southern countries have had and conflating them with the euro , despite economic hardship being patchwork across the whole of europe . 
  conflating the migration issues with the british dislike of eu citizens moving in . 
  complaining about the `` pathetic offer '' to cameron asking for `` a la carte '' exceptions . 
  and of course he has to paint himself as a `` regretful hollow believer '' , he is the very model of the principle-less hollow elite . 
  now set hard conditions for restarting it . 
  more rule of law , more human rights , more secularism , playing nice on the cyprus agreement . 
  ignore the identitarian right misfits that support the erdogan regime 's attempt to turn turkey middle eastern . 
  turkey must be kemalized . 
  um , they have the power to amend . 
  which already sees lobbyist circling . 
  you give full legislative initiative to every parliamentarian , and you 'll see corporate mouth 's watering as they realize all they have to do is get one fool to punt things for them . 
  you also then add political turmoil as parties will vote against a bill because it was proposed by the other party . 
  i actually like the commission acting as a middle man . 
  it actually has the collective expertise and the lack of political baggage to get a workable bill on the plenary . 
  but i agree the parliament should be given more responsability in council-only areas . 
  lobbying is almost never `` bribery '' . 
  they 're just as likely citizen groups as they are corporate ones . 
  there 's power in organizing instead of sending random emails . 
  find a group you support and donate to them , and they 'll do more with that money that you occasionally prodding your mep/mp . 
  ... i do n't know how to feel about this . 
  edit : fuckit , subscribed . 
  it would take a lot longer than 5 minutes to understand romanian politics . 
  i have trouble explaining to westerners the `` ideological free zone '' that is romanian politics in half an hour . 
  there 's too many personalities , histories and networks involved , and it 's all hidden under fluff in the anglo media because they constantly try to shoehorn romania in the latest pop-narrative . 
  simply put , the media no longer really offers `` on the ground '' expertise . 
  it 's expensive , and they 're competing with news outlets who pull facts out of their ass . 
  the internet might have genuinely made people understand less about the world outside , because they now try to interpret random information in narrow world views . 
   it tells a lot about the pro-eu media that they would endorse a party like this just because they 're pro-eu , no wonder euroscepticism is rising . 
  every party in romania is pro-eu , so i have no idea why the media is picking the psd to be their favorite . 
  the media is definetly not pro-eu most of the time itself . 
  i suspect it 's simply an inability to understand romanian politics outside the outdated western left-right mentality . 
  they think the left in romania is a progressive , reformist force because that 's the banner the left likes to pick up in the west , and ca n't be bothered to correct their assumptions . 
  `` centralising '' ? 
  is the office of chief prosecutor of the netherlands being replaced ? 
  is the eppo functioning on cross-border and eu-fund fraud impinging on national responsabilities ? 
  think about it for one second . 
  you 're not fighting any sort of centralisation , none is happening . 
  you 're fighting the system trying to improve itself , despite loosing nothing in the process . 
  why ? 
  the entirety of the dutch presidency was pretty much a legislative drought with little move forward . 
  i think you underestimate how intransigent the rutte government has been . 
  `` end of history '' generation at work . 
  utterly dedicated to undoing the work of previous generations because they think it will do not harm , and have no experience to draw upon to think otherwise . 
  edit : funny historic coincidence is that the ground the netherlands is on is the resting ground of the belgae confederation . 
  a galic confederation of tribes who tried to fight roman rule only to break due to infighting and incompetence , eventually becoming just another province . 
  is it ? 
  fighting funding misuse is going in the wrong direction ? 
  i think `` feeling '' has completely replaced `` thinking '' when it comes to the eu . 
  the ukraine referendum shows as much . 
  rutte did n't even know what do with it since the organizers made it clear they did n't treat the question seriously . 
  btw , the dutch also oppose intra-state vat fraud reform , which the eppo is supposed to tackle and which effects the netherlands . 
  i do n't think you get what the eppo is . 
  edit : i 'll be honest here , the netherlands incorruptability narrative is annoying . 
  especially since it 's apparently the center of vat fraud in europe and a bane to german prosecutors who see companies use the netherlands as a tax shelter . 
  but what does that have to do with the eppo ? 
  btw , the coalition of anti-eppo governments is the netherlands , hungary , poland , and greece . 
  this is not an east/west divide . 
  as a side note , romania 's current government sees this as an important tool in fighting eu-fund misuse and general corruption . 
  something the dutch government complains about while vetoing its entry into schengen . 
  so , who exactly in the netherlands benefits from the eppo not existing ? 
  this is anglo media , and they know their audience . 
  something only becomes true through sickening amounts of repetition . 
  so , commands being largely divided , future missions will revolve around the biggest country participating . 
  so `` eu is dominated by france/germany '' meme fodder for the type of sovereigntists who argue for this kind of setup in the first place . 
  just like the eurozone , just like schengen . 
  glad to see nothing ever changes . 
  the funny part is when they turn around and say they want to be talked to and debated as if they were informed reasonable people . 
  clearly that 's not how their own side is treating them . 
  which makes reading these accusations of `` eu propaganda '' amazing . 
  if i ever need to feel pride in the eu and europe , all i need to do is read the media these europhobes are reading . 
  by their words , the eu is on the verge of becoming a liberal superpower . 
  good man , took one for the team . 
  that is indeed the most retarded bullshit . 
  you need to work hard and play hard . 
  ironically enough this is brussels red tape in action . 
  these sort of checks and balances make up the majority of the process of governing . 
  correction : he is posting in english to an article which is in danish , embeded with a video that is in german . 
  europe !, 
  edit : seriously though , a translated summary is needed . 
  what i heard is they closed down/removed the funding to the s\u00e1rgah\u00e1zak and so the former patients had to go live in the street . 
  as i pointed out in my edit , there are a few discrepancies between the article and the ons report that look suspicious . 
  and considering mr. hammond 's behavior compared to the media , there are things that can be said that i will avoid before i 'm called `` anglophobe '' . 
  i wish you good luck getting out . 
  yes , i think i 'll leave it at that . 
  i bloody love how that little stand-up comedy show routine has you thinking he is being ` intelectual ' .
