  there 's no oral history . 
  there 's no discernable pre-christian traditions.so no , no customs were actually actually preserved , just the language . 
  and this is perfectly understandable to happen if they were nomadic hill people . 
  but this means we do n't have a good understanding of who these people were . 
  and if they were nomadic hill people , or just simple roman pastoralists , they had no borders to begin with . 
  what 's to stop a herd of sheep from going well beyond roman borders ? 
  we already know there was a significantly romanized population around lake balaton in the 9th century , so that might have been the source of the daco-latinization , not roman dacia , or maybe both synergized as a nomadic population formed in between . 
  maybe no daco-latinization took place and we 're looking at full population replacement as dacians were enslaved and roman pastoralists moved into the exiting niche , and survived repeated depopulation that happened in the lowlands . 
  there 's just too much noise to say what happened . 
  ahh , theoretical research . 
  i do n't agree with the statement then , but thanks for clearing things up . 
   anyone cares to explain roman-era romania province and current romania ? 
  after doing a lot more study into it , since it 's become more of a topic recently on this sub , i can give you a short , one sentence description : nobody fucking knows . 
  the last mention of balkan latin speakers was in a byzantine chronicle in the first millennium ( the `` torna , torna '' event ) , then a few centuries pass with nothing at all in any direction , then suddenly the 13th century hits and there are romanians/vlachs/latin speakers everywhere : croatia , wallachia , macedonia . 
  king bela issued a diploma not only to pointing out that there were romanians/vlachs in oltenia , but had to mention twice that they 've been there for some time , as if he had to make that clear . 
  genetic testing shows a heavy mix , linguistic analysis shows a population with strong latin roots which completely lost urban/agricultural words , there is little proof of a distinct substratum under the latinization so they might as well come from rome itself or any heavily romanized population , place etymological analysis shows heavy outside influence with slavic/cumman/hungarian mixed in with latin both borrowed and original my suspicion , and this is only a person opinion based on what i know so far : romanians/vlahs were your classic nomadic pastoral hill people . 
  were they came from and what 's their relation to dacians or roman colonists i suspect was a mistery to people 1000 years ago , let alone today . 
  but it does n't look like they migrated from anywhere in particular , it looks like they were the people who lived along the carpathian mountain ranges on both sides of the danube since who knows when . 
  they were n't brought in , like the saxons and szekely , they seem to have slowly become prominent to writers after the mongol invasion of the balkans . 
  this suggest to me that the lowlander population of agricultural slavs and horse nomadic cummans and magyar got cut down and the romanized hill folk slowly took those areas over after they left . 
  we see cyrilic writing , bulgarian orthodox rights , and slavic leader names in this population suggesting that they 've adopted lowland cultural elements as they settled while largely preserving their original lexicon , which suggest they 've outnumbered the north danubian slavic population but were n't in conflict with them . 
  to me it 's interesting stuff , but the other poster is right , there 's a lot of conflict about it . 
  everyone wants to have dibs in the area , even though it 's pretty silly to do so . 
   to be fair , this is just an agency , 890 jobs ... that 's peanuts . 
  it 's not ema that will make out of romania a winner or a loser . 
  i 'd say stuff like the eli is much more important . 
  these sort of decisions pile up . 
  it 's why capitals become default company hq centers . 
  power attracts wealth , and wealth attract power . 
  it 's best to get ahead of that early . 
  i 'm not quite sure what eli is btw . 
   i 'm pretty sure underhand deals do n't happen over a work lunch . 
  you 're taking it literally and simplifying . 
  i was talking about them moving around the same social circles . 
  sooner or latter they 'll start talking bussiness over golf , small favour will start getting traded , people will get poached . 
   since you 're complaining about centralization , how would putting ema in bucharest work towards solving the issue ? 
  keep reading my posts here . 
  you automatically assumed i was putting a defense of bucharest , which nothing in the above comment suggested . 
   romania is one of the most ( illegal ) drug-free countries in the eu , though . 
  that 's damn right . 
  we ca n't afford any of those fancy drugs . 
  honestly though , not liking some of the potshots . 
  seems some ca n't read `` romania '' without vomiting bigotry . 
  well , let 's say you can tell me there is n't a bit of dad 's army in the british psyche , but then i 'd have to express my doubts . 
   you 're already getting free money for literally nothing in return and you 're asking us to accept a much less effective ema just so you can keep sponging even more from the eu ? 
  umm , check my other posts mate . 
  i 'm not exactly singing praises of placing it in romania . 
  i was making a point at how to properly place a regulatory agency , and being critical of `` center of gravity '' thinking when discussing institutions in the above post , btw . 
  if you actually bothered to read it ... did my flair trigger you or something ? 
  our major economic engine in europe is a country who is heavily into decentralizing . 
  it 's own drugs and medicine agency is located in bonn , which hosts just two biotech companies : rigontec and sirtex medical . 
  and what do `` market forces '' have to do with state institutional and regulatory structures ? 
  we 're not running a service for the drug companies , we 're instituting a policing agency !, 
  consider it my 2 cents on the matter after getting interested in british perceptions of the war . 
  i found that the `` war solidarity '' narrative was fairly common among those who cared to have an opinion , and defined the post-war consensus that followed . 
  it 's a source of subdued pride , the sort of which you can also see during remembrance day , although that is becoming less subdued these days . 
  little does barnier seem to know that a heavily romanticized part of british culture is the war rationing . 
  promise britons a good queue , some unnecessary hardship , and a continental enemy they can feel superior to , and you 'll have every soldier-painting dad quoting churchill at the dinner table , while grandpa tells you about the good old alarm drills they had when he was a boy . 
  to begin with , that 's how you get `` winners keep winning , loosers keep loosing '' systems and over-centralization . 
  it 's circular logic that in the end benefits only a select amount of people . 
  then , there 's the fact that putting a regulator smack in the middle of a large concentration of the industry it 's trying to regulate is a bad idea . 
  having the regulator 's office workers have lunch right across the industry 's is not a recipe for neutrality . 
  it 's a recipe for quick regulatory capture . 
  overall , it 's not a good way to go about things . 
   people are happy when they have healthcare , a home , food and security . 
  this was the theory behind the uk 's post war consensus as well . 
  then thatcher realized that she could tap into the public contentiousness of `` owning your own house '' and pretty much destroyed that consensus and traditional labour with it , while creating a slow burning housing bubble . 
  it seems people only really want the state to provide those things , when they feel they might come short . 
  the moment 51 % of those willing to vote no longer fear the lack of them , they pull up the ladder . 
  so the european parliament has to move every few months between brussels and strasbourg as part of the treaties . 
  it 's , in my opinion , a waste of time and money with no advantages to speak of . 
  this is known as the `` travelling circus '' but every time someone wants to end this move and settle in brussels , even if the europarl voted for it , france vetos . 
  france is like a dog with a bone when it comes to the strasbourg seat of the ep . 
  corruption is a bit of a red-herring with this . 
  it 's not like the romanian government will control the agency or the people moving there will suddenly become corrupted for stepping on our soil . 
  my worry is talent attraction . 
  as much as i 'd like it not to be true , i ca n't see the agency employing the best minds in the eu while telling them they 're going to work in bucharest . 
  it 's simply not happening . 
  i also would n't like our first eu agency to be placed in bucharest , we 're already over-centralized , bucharest does n't need more clout to hog . 
  if someone in the east should get the agency , i 'd go on a limb and say maybe estonia , which is close enough to stockholm ecdc to do knowledge and staff sharing . 
  or maybe give it to france on condition it removes the strasbourg veto . 
  seriously , chill . 
  the earlier latin population of the land were right next to and outside the byzantine empire , who also called themselves romans , and so as you might imagine going around calling yourself a roman/ruman would not have always been the most politic thing to do . 
  apparently , to add to the confusion , the byzantine empire also called itself romania , and the subsequent latin empire did as well . 
  now i have no doubt that a form of `` roman '' was used extensively in the balkans by latin speakers simply for the fact that they 're latin speakers and everybody likely knew the word `` rome '' enough to guess what they meant when pointing at themselves . 
  but i highly doubt they had the sort of identitarian pride that would have seen them have fights with greek travelers over who they were . 
  and does it even bloody matter ? 
  we 're romanian now , when it counts . 
  apparently , the agreed upon date for the end of the british empire , by convention mind you , is 1997 . 
  and the last person to have been born in the reign of queen victoria is still alive . 
  so the generational gap is n't really there yet . 
   arron banks , the biggest financial backer of the campaign to leave the eu , has launched a website which will attempt to tap into the movement that led to the vote to leave . 
   the site 's editor and co-owner , nigel heaver , a former press adviser to nigel farage , said the site , called westmonster , would funnel the different people who backed brexit into one place using tactics learned from us sites breitbart and the drudge report . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/media/2017/jan/19/arron-banks-launches-breitbart-style-site-westmonster ), 
  because it 's a mess . 
  to begin with it separates the government and the parliament of a state , and makes their conflicts a eu problem . 
  so national parliamentary and party political games turn into supranational issues . 
  it also pushes the commission to defend national government policy . 
  if a policy is being agreed in a way a parliament does n't like , instead of questioning their government over why it is n't opposing it , it questions the commission and the government can pretend it 's not it 's fault . 
  so it puts the eu and national parliaments at odds , while allowing the council to blame the eu despite being the most powerful office .
