  we all live in states birthed by these movement , we are all extremely guilty . 
  edit : * thinking about it , the events around the french revolution makes this statement false . 
  the issue is that if we were talking about population exchange as human rights violation . 
  then this entire continent , and every state in it has been made and defined by it . 
  the first 50 years of the 20th century involved immense population movements in every single country as nation-states were formed , the last of which was the german expulsion . 
  we are all extremely guilty as a result . 
  it 's not that it 's false , read my post again . 
  russia and turkey are both trying to engage in a modern form of caesaro-papism where the state governs the church . 
  the church and religion is therefore integrated tighter into the state apparatus , as part of the conservative fight to preserve and support national identity , while being supported to integrate further into society . 
  the fundamentalists are very weary of this , since they would like an iran-like system of the church legitimizing and controlling the state . 
  so the exact inverse power-positions with the state becoming the administrative arm of the clerical order/moral authority . 
  the former is a realpolitik ideology and more conservative , the later a idealistic ideology and more reformative . 
  both see themselves as defenders of the nation , but ca n't agree on methods or power structures . 
  they are like two bulls trying to eat the same bush . 
  they are both bulls , true and they both need the bush . 
  they might get along for a bit , but sooner or latter they 'll get into each other 's way and one of them has to loose . 
  for romania those were the events of the progrom of bucharest . 
  as / u/sjoerd920 said . 
  napoleon was maybe not the first , but the pinnacle of the process of authoritarian leaders shaping french statehood and nationhood . 
  and after him , all others followed in his pattern . 
  ataturk , mussolini , hitler , tito , lee kuan yew , franco , mao whatever their desired endgame or historical success they were a natural result of the modernizing , nationalistic , and anti-monarchical forces just as much as the republicans/democrats were . 
  and it all started with the french revolution , with their attempt at democracy and with napoleon . 
  the issue with understanding turkey is exactly because you , as a westerner , associate it with what you call islamism . 
  turkish conservatory reactionaries and arab islamic fundamentalist are two separate forces that run in parallel , while threatening to converge . 
  the turkish reactionaries actually mirror the developments in russia and eastern europe , where a spiritual and cultural resurgence is taking place as part of a national desire for asserting themselves on the world stage . 
  in russia this is exemplified by the rise of the orthodox church , in turkey it 's the diyanet , but both are similar construct . 
  and apparently it 's part of a larger western trend to `` preserve what we have '' by fighting `` nihilistic liberalism '' . 
  the rise of islamic fundamentalism , is a different force that mimics and parallels western `` clash of civilization '' narrative . 
  it 's less conservative and more reformative , wanting to engulf and reshape . 
  the christian neo-cons , the new altright , the muslim brotherhood , all participate in this desire to wage unrelenting war against each other as central to their identities . 
  you can call the latter an extremist result of the former , but honestly they only get along superficially . 
  much like antonescu and the iron guard in romania in the 1940s , they instinctively despise each other as close competitors for the same ideological space as defenders of nationhood ( religious or ethnic ) , and finding it difficult to compete on ideological separation they grow desperate to find an upper hand against each other . 
  the first example you 're looking for is napoleon . 
  by both parties to prevent a situation similar to cyprus in 1963 , which almost degraded into actual ethnic cleansing . 
  you ca n't keep inducing semanting change until everything you do n't like is an atrocity . 
  you just end up watering down the word . 
  man raised 7 orphans . 
  few people do that , who do n't have something that keeps them up at night that they 're trying to balance out . 
  although , i 'd argue that it was n't just secular 's that benefited . 
  attaturk bought into the modernization movement heavily , including education and medicine . 
  it 's a catch-phrase , coded-language , or value signalling . 
  it 's like saying `` free healthcare ai n't free '' . 
  correct , but not the point and not an argument . 
  both of those statements are political americanism meant to engender an emotion that it 's your money being spent . 
  to refocus the conversation on the individual , and away from the big picture . 
  but it 's not your money anymore , it 's the communal pot , and we spend the communal pot to help society . 
  that 's the mental gap between public , free and effective healthcare and education , and what they have in the us . 
  so there is no shame in claiming from the public pot , the pot is there for you if you can prove you need it . 
  and there is no stigma about it being someone 's elses money , because if it actually was then it would likely be tesco 's and starbuck 's not yours . 
  let 's not turn our discussion around budgetary issues into american tea party rhetoric that envisions a way of life that is simply not possible in europe without returning to 19th century squalor . 
  i no longer make presumptions over what the russian government might or might not want or do during a war on the peninsula . 
  like i said , it 's good on improvisation and sufficiently opportunistic to boot . 
  okay , i 'm sold . 
  thanks for posting this . 
  time . 
  we 're all operating on a delayed schedule behind russia since united russia won in 2000 . 
  sweden and the netherlands , in my opinion , would be wrong in saying it could never happen there . 
  the very idea that it ca n't , makes it even more likely that it will . 
  they simply are n't undergoing the pressures needed to accelerate the process to a degree that it 's noticeable , but they are shifting together with the european political center as the extremists pull on the overton window . 
  our only hope honestly is that the situation explodes fast enough that other countries can turn back . 
  just like how franco 's victory signaled the beginning of european facsism and ww2 brought about it 's eventual end . 
  are you really going to get all american about it ? 
  is education the solution ? 
  do you think educated people do n't fall for the same tricks ? 
  faith knows no barriers , people want a leader , and people want their bubble . 
  we 're undergoing the historical cycle . 
  the lesson was forgotten , the instinct dulled , and now like water the human heart is flowing to its lowest level until it 's forced to admit its own insanity . 
  like every century , without fail . 
  i does n't matter if it 's right does it ? 
  they believe it . 
  you see the same strategies being used in hungary , poland . 
  rutte played the game against erdogan , strong leader standing up to foreigners . 
  france is seeing several candidates try to get on the same boat . 
  they 're all helping each other , being each other 's opposition , doing theater for the public . 
  we 're heading for this future , best to strap in . 
  it 's the e.e. 
  names mean nothing . 
  ideology means nothing . 
  only political self-interest rules . 
  we 'd be pressured to involve ourselves as american support at some point , that 's for certain . 
  the subsequent economic/manufacturing hit to south korea will affect us in a limited fashion , although hard to say which way . 
  there 's a whole lot of questions regarding how russia will react , but that 's a then and there problem . 
  we wo n't know what they do until they do it . 
  they 're far better at improvisation . 
  this is depressing . 
  if i get the gist , by making erdogan more powerful , turkey is supposed to grow more powerful as a result . 
  is that right ? 
  if it is , i guess i should become familiar with this type of thinking ... 
  i like your optimism . 
  you 've just seen the nordics reimpose borders with each other instead of collectively focusing on a common exterior border and you 're still certain that a nordic union can be a thing . 
  it 's a fantastical attitude . 
  i 'm hardly representative of / r/europe . 
  i 'm exceptionally humorless . 
  although i hardly downvote a thing , would you be disappointed if i did n't ? 
  it 's actually only slightly outside the spanish eez , and it seems there is a campaign by them called drago 0511 to extend it even further in that direction . 
  if there was ever a better time to start a pan-european underwater airbus/arianespace , this would be it . 
  we need the minerals to construct additional wind turbine pylons . 
  it 's sort of ironic that it 's the original free movement countries that are restoring border between each other . 
   for me europe honestly as no business calling itself a continent , so its borders can be as flimsy as europe wants . 
  our greatest victory over the world is convincing it that our arbitrary ideas about ourselves deserves official geographic recognition to the point of continent status .
