  the eu which allow french wineries to sell to romania tariff-free despite us having our own wine industry to support ? 
  she will ruin france , she will ruin us all . 
  romania was mentioned !, 
  senpai noticed us !, 
  that 's why it 's absolutely essential we annex the whole moon into the european union . 
  to prevent that very question from being asked . 
  i 'm not a big believer in the pure concept of `` freedom '' . 
  i 've taken to heart the advice of an old school teacher : `` you 'll always carry chains , but the important part is to choose the ones you 're willing to carry . '', 
  that being said , the difference is `` technological '' , in the sense of administrative and organizational systems . 
  middle eastern dictatorship are a great way for a small number of people to get rich , have good lives , and make sure their children are taken care of . 
  the european way allows more people to secure their own comfort , health and the future of their offspring , not just the upper class . 
  the rule of law that protects us , the government divisions that decide for us , the neutral bureaucracies that manage us , the socialist-capitalism that nurtures us . 
  all of them are part of a package that has separated what is an arbitrary piece of eurasia , once practically an extension of the levantine cultural sphere subsection-christendom , into it 's own continent separate and distinct from the rest . 
  it 's part of the reason romania tried to join the eu . 
  so that we can be part of `` civilization '' , of europe , after decades of being turned into something no different than a dysfunctional african state . 
  considering that if we constantly deferred to our `` natural '' setting , we 'd still all be squatting on the savanah , while the search for ideals has lead us ever higher , is that really a choice ? 
  the only way to proceed in the world is to wonder what to do next and who you should be . 
  looking into the past to find your place in the world , cheapens your potential as a person . 
  and in our case , our potential as a continent . 
  someone needs to make a version of this for greece and iran as well . 
  this has so much potential . 
  the eu itself ca n't do anything . 
  the eu as an institution has no foreign influence outside of trade . 
  it 's the 27 national leaders that decide what to do with erdogan , likely in preference of appeasing him . 
  some more eagerly , other 's maybe with some hesitation , but the consensus is that the only thing that matters is elections . 
  erdogan can institute death camps , and invade syria and it will be all right as long as it does n't effect anyone 's poll numbers . 
  just 5 years ago people 's main complain about turkey 's ascension , besides the obvious standards , was that it would be bordering syria . 
  look how that is working for us now that we 've lost all leverage on it after decades of ignoring it . 
  europe has become a land of insular thinkers and rabid exceptionalists . 
   romanians are christians because of inertia . 
  heh , stealing this . 
  i agree . 
  but 30 years ago romania was ruled by someone very similar . 
  we have to play tough with erdogan , and his leadership . 
  but we ca n't turn our backs on the whole nation . 
  bismark once said : `` whoever speaks of europe is wrong : it is a geographical expression . '', 
  but ask a geographer about europe , and he 'd likely shrug and say it 's a historical concept . 
  ask a historian and he 'll shrug saying it 's a modern convention . 
  and if it 's a modern convention , it is written nowhere . 
  the caucasus is added and removed randomly , cyprus is n't but is but is n't , russia is always cut in half to allow it in , turkey is occasionally left out altogether to push it out . 
  europe , in other words , as anything else but a set of ideals and political ties is meaningless . 
  a vacuous construct that requires nothing but blind acceptance of arbitrary boundaries and delimitation . 
  something that requires no work to be a part of , no standards to adhere to , no future to look forward to . 
  the most anti-european concept is the concept of europe as nothing more than an arbitrary name for a piece of land , that if ever forgotten will disappear into eurasia . 
  so you 'd be happy to see 75 million people doomed to living under a middle eastern dictatorship , rather than a european democracy ? 
  i really wish he continued with the other half of the argument , which is the continental experiences in balancing free trade and protectionism . 
  too often , you hear very anglo-centric point of view that sees smith as the last great mind in economics , and no new development having been made since . 
  but in france and germany , a very important lesson was learned that while , for example , the english could make steel and steam engines , there is no reason that when given time and support , france and germany could n't do it , and maybe even do it better . 
  this type of thinking allows countries to pierce cost of entry barriers into markets by supporting infant industries and compete with already established players , while providing synergizing support to other industries . 
  and with that prussia and then germany became one of the foremost industrial powers on the continent , and france has given us one of the two biggest aerospace industries in the world . 
  it was also the basis for the american school of economic development that saw it become an industrial powerhouse at the beginning of the 20th century . 
  simply put , there is more to this story to be told . 
  the fifth republic is semi-presidential , like romania . 
  i do n't know how that translated into practice . 
  but in romanian cohabitation between president and premier has been a central point in how our government works . 
  in all of europe the prime minister/chancellor/premier / head of the executive is as powerful or more powerful than the head of state , that is either the president or the king . 
  currently the only `` presidential system '' that exists , is the one in belarus where it 's more of a dictatorship . 
  good response . 
  the entire point of the whole low-interest policy not only in the eurozone but also in denmark , sweden and switzerland as well , is to get those people to actually use the damn cash instead of sitting on it . 
  their complaining shows that the policy is actually working . 
  that implies that viktor orban has beliefs . 
  i do n't think he does , at least not anymore . 
  he 's someone who 's in it for the long con . 
  nick griffin on the other hand , does have beliefs . 
  repugnant and petty beliefs , that saw him become leader of the bnp and then stick with his dieing party as ukip poached their support . 
  now he 's just bargain bin biggot without a platform . 
  all of that being said , i would bloody love to see nick griffin trying to live in the `` sticks '' in hungary , without speaking a lick of hungarian . 
  it 's practically a sentence of enforced isolation . 
  makes me wonder , what do the south american french think of a possible mercosur trade pact ? 
   the most likely result of scotland unilaterally using the pound is banks moving from scotland to england . 
  banks already are in the south , they 've moved a majority of operations to london decades ago , and all that 's left is the required number for a scottish branch and a brass plate for the `` scottish '' banks . 
  scotland ca n't loose what it does n't have . 
   you can read more about it here if you are interested . 
  as a romanian , the last few years have made me extremely skeptical of british think tanks . 
  this report is , i concede , fairly balanced and did a decent job of outlining the functioning of a scottish insurance fund . 
  so good on it , it recognized the multitude of ways liquidity can be provided . 
  and yeah , the argument for sterling adoption is largely emotional . 
  but emotional arguments work in britain it seems . 
   i 'm not questioning the capability of the imf to act as a lolr for domestic banks , rather its willingness . 
  how do you think the eurozone works ? 
  governments bail out banks , and the esm and imf bail out governments . 
  the ecb 's defacto intervention on the commercial level is rather more recent , still often questioned , and not at all universal . 
  the recent italian bank issues were handled with a mix of italian government and private investors . 
   that said this may well be a moot point as scotland would have the same passporting rights into the the uk as the uk does into the eu . 
  you 're just mixing stuff up now . 
  what does this have to do with bank bailouts and lolr ? 
  wow , definitely not sending their best ... 
  apparently , hungarians should prepare for the tide of crazy heading their way . 
  any institution can act as a lender of last resort . 
  on a global scale that is the imf , which acts as that for governments . 
  so the scottish state is capable of bailing out a bank , if it wanted to , by borrowing money from the imf or other institutions . 
  any government is capable of this , although some prefer to use monetary levers to do so rather than borrowing . 
   the root issue is scotlands financial sector and who provides them with a lender of last resort . 
  i really do n't understand this . 
  do you know why governments borrow money from the imf ? 
  do you know why it even exists ? 
  that 's of course assuming that scotland has a desire to follow the uk in the immense bank bailout ethos it has undertaken . 
  you know how we have increasing unemployment in europe despite the fact that the world total population is increasing ? 
  yeah , that 's because that is a facile understanding of the working of a consumerist economy , and why it 's only been really applicable during the last century . 
  more people does not equal a proportionate increase in demand for workforce .
