  and that 's the logic of a 19th century europe we 've learned to avoid . 
  and meanwhile [ hungarian far right extremist meet with russian gru agents . 
  ] ( http://www.politicalcapital.hu/news.php?article_read=1&amp;article_id=320 ) i have no idea if orban actually cares for the future of hungary , or if he wants to be remembered as the last good president before he blows it up . 
  at this points , it 's fairly safe to say our thracian cultural heritage is dead and gone . 
  it never got preserved the way the western celtic people 's managed to , and we have literally nothing but a few loan-words to hang on to . 
  and for `` transforming together '' and `` never left or arrived '' , we simply do n't know . 
  the territory never developed the necessary literate class to keep track of these things . 
  for all we know , we 're all descended from the avars and a section of `` romanized '' celts from gaul who 've migrated during traian . 
  is that true ? 
  who knows , too much static in our genetics , language and culture to see that far . 
  intermarium ii : revenge of the idiots . 
  back 40 years ago , `` independent hungary '' got invaded by russians simply for the wrong reforms . 
  now he 's acting as a freedom fighter against those that give him funds , while pandering to a new russian empire . 
  there is a very good possibility that there is a significant part of the population with no thracian ancestry , or even roman ancestry . 
  the limited genetic testing that has been done has suggested that we 're a mass of latin speaking balkanik peoples who 's heritage stretch from greece and turkey all the way to northern italy . 
  the amount of `` romanianized '' ugric , slavic and germanic people are simply impossible to determine . 
  we were never `` a people '' until we became `` a people '' unlike what happened to the aromanians and istro-romanians . 
  and that was in the 19th century , anything before that is more scientific curiosity and complex interwoven relationships . 
  saying `` we '' were here for the last 2500 is just a non-sequitor in that context . 
  there is no such direct continuity , went into detail on it in a larger post in this thread . 
  those were not the same people as us , they did not think of themselves as one people as each other , the current seperation of aromanians into regionalist identities exemplifies this . 
  you 're reading history backwards , starting with the current romanian state applied historically , rather than seeing the current romanian state as an evolution of national identity from originally disparate but linguistically intelligible populations who 've clustered around their religious beliefs , in a given area . 
  if you apply your logic with trying to tie modern romania with `` proto-thracians '' then romania is related the the entire balkan historical , genetic and ethnic population because that 's how inter-mixed we all are . 
  to give you an example , mihai viteazu is part of house daculesti , a branch of house basarab who 's center of power was located in hungarian territory , and regularly married hungarian nobility . 
  he is romanian the same way matei corvin is hungarian , by looking backwards and applying our standards to them , despite both being what amounts to a cosmopolitan nobility . 
  you must have been a good boy in school . 
  too bad that almost all of that word-for-word recital of text book `` teoria etnogenezei romane '' is simplified propagandistic mythos for children . 
  you 're not making any of this easy you know , with this semantics debate . 
  are you going to go on about how we should try to `` reunite '' with the aromanians as well ? 
  it 's not `` peace and fucking love '' i 'm saying , it 's `` do n't add fuel to the fucking fire '' . 
  deal with the problems of now . 
  the points you brought up are points that are relevant to people today , they are actions we can discuss and agree on . 
  but starting to drudge the never ending shit-hole of history , because some other asshole is doing it , is a race to the bottom which ends with more extremist dipshits thinking they 're right in fighting back because `` muh history '' . 
  on both sides . 
  fuck that , fight the battles in front of you . 
  and that 's a bunch of violent pricks with a authoritarian government backing them , not their history-based apologetics . 
  having lived way too long eating our own ethno-mythologized bullshit , they are not alone . 
  not all hungarians are revanchists , not all romanians are ethno-chauvinists , and the balkans is the paradise of `` selective facts and hypocracy '' . 
  do n't single any out of what is essentially a larger cultural heritage . 
  and , to play the other side , there was a ethno-centric branch in the hungarian revolution that minimalized other nationalities and put them in conflict with serbian vojvodina . 
  there is never a shortage of idiocy in the world . 
  no one has a monopoly . 
  edit : looking back on wikipedia . 
  it 's the conservative right-wing , it 's always the conservative right-wing . 
  it 's a never ending treasure trove of `` let 's pander to the worst impulses we have '' . 
  you 're both talking subtleties and factoids honestly , not actually contradicting each other . 
   nobody is doing that . 
  there 's quite a few people doing that on both sides right now in this thread . 
  doing point and counter-point on the subtleties of the actions of hundreds of people over hundreds of years . 
  we 're all very eager to play out the fights of dead men it seems . 
  words of wisdom . 
  it was the bosnia-hertegovina of it 's time . 
  it was mixed territory . 
  someone was going to get their heart broken over that , unless we tried to create a shared multi-national state , which we did n't even try to do , instead fighting with each other to the benefit of habsburg kings . 
   anyway i do n't gove a shit about your numbers . 
  the event was the worst tragedy for hungarians ever since the battle of mohacs in the 16th century , and you guys are celebrating it . 
  the martyrs of arad were a tragedy . 
  that was just history . 
  seriously , we all lost territories during the 20th century . 
  do n't spill tears over contested ground , it 's no use . 
  as a side note , j\u00e1nos damjanich one of the martyrs was painted as a self-hating serb and a traitor for siding with the hungarian revolutionaries instead of the conservative serbian nobility and clergy who sided with the habsburg nobility . 
  admitedly this is because during the 1848 revolutions the people who fought against the austrians house , also fought each other because idiocy . 
  we 're the best serfs an empire can hope for it seems . 
   or after 200 years of hungarian rule and oppression , transylvania and romania decided unite . 
  habsburgh oppression , hungarian noble oppression , catholic oppression . 
  you can call it a hundred different ways , but that does n't give you reason to pick fights with people who are alive today . 
   how about the fact that transilvania was it 's own country and was never really part of hungary just the austro-hungarian empire . 
  the entire thing was a monarchical mess of institutional holdovers , noble lineage rights , and religious animosity . 
  do n't use it to argue a point about state boundaries . 
   i would say the austrians got shafted when the empire broke . 
  the habsburgs got shafted . 
  monarchies are not representative of their people . 
  the glory of the king , is not shared by his subjects . 
  i understand , and by all rights transylvania was part of the north-balkan latinate people 's concentration that eventually became romanians . 
  in fact , with the printing press there and protestant trying to romanianize the bible , it was the origin of that ethnogenesis . 
  and with that happening , someone was going to have their heart broken by transylvania . 
  either us or the hungarians , would have had fellow national on the other side of the border . 
  and our own infighting ( why did we trust the fucking austrian nobles ? ), 
  stopped us from arranging a more `` danubian '' state and preventing the cycle of hate . 
  but now that what has been done , has been done . 
  we ca n't argue that what happened was right or wrong . 
  it just is what it is . 
  we played the game of history , and our sponsoring empires gave us transylvania , and then they took basarabia . 
  we lost , they lost more , but we all still lost . 
  let 's just try to keep civil about it . 
  do n't call back to those shitty , dark times , and calm each other down . 
  tomorrow can be better . 
  `` romanians were there before '' . 
  it sounds nice , but history simply does n't work like that , reality does n't work like that . 
  to begin with the ethno-religious-linguistic grouping that is `` romanians '' developed during the 19th century as a result of the nation construction done using the printing press as the foundation . 
  it does n't easily apply before that time . 
  were there people who classified themselves as `` romans '' as a result of their latinate language for lack of a better word ( besides vlach ) . 
  yes , but that was simply the latinate language defining them , not any actual `` genetic heredity '' record keeping dating back to ancient rome . 
  to this day there are still istro-romanians , aromanians , and megleno-romanians resulting from that linguisitic holdover throughout the balkans that never participated in the ethnogenesis events of the 19th century , and who 's communities likely have existed for a thousand years . 
  but we do n't go around claiming their land is ours , because it would be silly , and they do n't really go around claiming they 're romanians because they have their own thing going on . 
  to add to this , the lands before the 20th century were always mixed in religion , language , and heritage . 
  were there latin-speaker in transylvania in the 11th century ? 
  likely yes , they were likely latin speakers in the entire balkans during that time , mixed in with slavic , greek , and so on . 
  and to mess with the history even more , romanians are by herritage a mixed people , because we 're a gateway to everywhere else . 
  we have `` romanianized '' slavs , hungarians , germans , pechenegs , we even have former bohemian hussite refugees in moldova and former old believer russians who became lipoveni .
