  not to mention the tensions between poland and ukraine due to the focus on historical grievances in both regimes . 
  eastern europe has become more like russia , and a result more divided , and poland has abandoned any leadership role in favour of courting the us . 
  which is just another notch in the pis 's belt of regrettable decisions . 
  as an outsider i consider it the party that has done the least for polish security , despite their self-described russophobia . 
  it did n't want to be left outside a new inner circle . 
  the irony . 
  i think we 're missing that there is somewhat of a divide between leadership and management . 
  a manager is perfectly capable of managing day to day activities , but he ca n't set out direction . 
  a leader is in the opposite category , perfectly able to set out a direction , but might fail at the management . 
  the centrist politicians , exemplified by rute , have run purely on management platform , delivering steady but forgettable results . 
  the alt-demagogues are running purely on leadership platforms , and are gaining distance in the vacuum left by the center . 
  people like schulz and timmermans are proposing the restoration of leadership and directions , but to someone who 's used the eu as a scapegoat to excuse leadership failures , it 's a big chasm to bridge . 
  which is toxic since rutte himself has instead embraced the model of wilders to patch up his platform , thinking he wo n't `` pull a cameron '' . 
  heh , you 'd think so reading the anglomedia . 
  lepen wants to , ironically enough considering her party , pull a degaul at reinstitute a form of the empty chair crisis in europe , and bring about another luxemburg compromise . 
  at least that 's what i take from her . 
  but leaving is just , well , it 's in the imaginations of those who dream of fire and ashes . 
  the obvious examples of the hungarian , polish and now romanian governments , which position themselves as `` protectors of sovereignty '' the moment they have their hands in the honey pot . 
  all of the countries have a pro-eu population , at least until the propaganda kicks in like it did in the uk . 
  the eu needs stronger policing mechanism before we add another voting member who wants to join his fellow horse thieves . 
  after entering : serbian government says eu should mind own business , reverses democratic and judicial reform . 
  we 've been burned before . 
  edited some to be more clear . 
  but no , countries do n't care about stuff they do n't see . 
  everything effects them . 
  the migration problem was seen by greece and italy in 2011 , but it only became a german and swedish problem in 2015 , despite the fact that something could be done sooner . 
  this can be applied to the banking crisis , ukraine , and every other geopolitical problem in europe . 
  there are no isolated actors . 
  let 's take migration . 
  the swedish government and the italian government have the same problems . 
  but because of distance , the swedish mod has a blind spot in north africa , same as the italian mod has one in russia . 
  and both have no idea what to make of syria . 
  neither communicate well with each other and respond to different institutions , so their efforts either wasted or at cross purposes as they dump problems on each other . 
  take this , multiply over 27 members and their own internal institutions . 
  there is no `` big picture '' institution , just different people at different distances from fires , largely ignoring each other in favour of what 's in front of them . 
  can you please not involve the eu into these decisions . 
  it 's not the eu that is managing the bailout , or its demands . 
  the greek loan management is handled by the eurogroup through itself and the esm . 
  the last time juncker tried to side with tsipras , schauble talked about how it was n't his job to manage the situation , since the eurozone is a separate institution . 
  the issue of current greek debt is one of intergovermental policy making as a result of the `` answer is n't more europe '' attitude of the early decade , as well as previous demands made by non-euro countries to seperate the organization . 
  source : http://www.politico.eu/article/schauble-european-commission-power-eurogroup-juncker-dijsselbloem-grexit/  during negotiations over a third bailout package for greece earlier this month , sch\u00e4uble cast doubt on the commission 's authority to take decisions and negotiate directly with athens . 
  he offered reminders that it is eurozone member states , as represented by their finance ministers in the eurogroup , who are greece 's actual creditors rather than the commission . 
  i think the inflexibility is overstated . 
  cyprus managed to impose capital control inside the eurozone . 
  romania had to give state employees a 25 % pay cut even though it 's outside of it . 
  i suspect , and i could be wrong , that it 's perception that allowed iceland and then ireland to bounce back , rather than actual economic effectiveness . 
  iceland came out of it with a good reputation , despite icesave , and the promise of cheap tourist deals right off the bat . 
  ireland eventually regained economic trust and saw a laughable increase due to reinvestment and corporate centers moving . 
  meanwhile greece has been actively undergoing a consistent bad-pr program , in which it paints itself as nearing the edge of collapse . 
  the results on one of it 's main industries , tourism , is not surprising considering . 
  the following issues with investment follows that same perceived risk . 
  btw , i 'm gon na have to warn you . 
  if greece devalued like the western know-it alls wanted to , even if it had drachma , it would have had protests and union strikes every month for years . 
  not to mention issues with things like medicine and other imports . 
  we 've been there and done that , and have had less to do than them , and the consequences of devaluation are severely understated . 
  and other states block the things they do want . 
  the reality is that the states have no power to give up . 
  their control is illusory , as their interdependence and size makes unilateral action either be ineffective or lead to a mutual destruction through confrontation . 
  that the true reality , behind the wants and will . 
  that the things they do n't want to let go of , economy , immigration or security , are the very things they are most vulnerable to the international weather . 
  it 's wishful-thinking to think that every montenegro and netherlands is a secret america waiting to happen , a king in their own castle . 
  as a romanian , please do n't do that . 
  you have no idea how much damage a blank check can do in the hands of a political elite dead set on getting elected . 
  the eu 's focus on investment and return is a fairly positive direction , since it gives meaning and reason to the spending . 
  i wish that more trans-national projects were put in place , such as a modernized balkan route , a resurrected nabucco , or massive solar projects , but i would n't like to live in a fully cash-in-hand europe . 
  the issue has always been that even when the brains stayed , the funding and support simply was n't there . 
  too much funding is being kept inside fairly closed circles , and we do n't have a competitive investment enviroment eu-wide , let alone nationally . 
  i 'm hoping over the long term we can recreate the german miracle of decentralization , and start seeing sectoral capitals as people return with the right connections and experience . 
  well , we have a tradition of how that 's settled on this continent . 
  and we all know how these guys love tradition . 
  i fail to see how the failures of intergovermentalism has strengthened the argument for intergovermentalism . 
  it might have strengthened the perception of eu failure , but that perception has been biased by national governments refusing to admit to their own inadequacies both internally and in cooperation . 
  in fact , if looked logically , it has only proven how even relatively simple matters fall apart in an intergovernmental decision making system . 
  `` decision by commitee '' for an entire continent has kept us on the edge , as an internal scapegoating exercise was in progress . 
  the community method has finally been given confirmation with the revival of ecb governance , rather than eurogroup , and failure to follow up will see us return to 5 years ago . 
  the institutional nature of the eu means any treaties are maintained both by the rule of law and the mechanisms of governance , not just convenience . 
  dublin and the eurozone were largely intergovernmental treaties , and were tried to be handled as that . 
  the growing independence of the ecb and the funding for the-agency-formerly-known-as-frontex shows we 're learning that international treaties are worthless and are slowly bending towards the community method . 
  the european treaties are slowly becoming a constitution , and the rule of law is returning to the continent . 
  ohh . 
   i think basic starting line here is for you are not willing to spend money to save greece from dropping into third world living standards ( excuse the hyperbole , but you get the point ) i think you do n't understand how little support greece found in the smaller and poorer states in eastern europe , exactly because of that sort of rhetoric . 
  so no , i do n't get your point , considering my country was on the business end of the esm and imf as well . 
  while i do n't agree with the eurozone organization , there 's a limit to how much i can swallow on that point . 
  we need a fiscal union , but for the sake of sanity , not just one member . 
   well naturally the need is for a structure of some sort , the problems here are political not theoretical . 
  we know the structures that need to exist , their just isnt the will or the trust , to give them that power . 
  exactly , they are political , and that 's the point of the discussion . 
  to present arguments to sway the political position . 
  even as you point out the current state of lack of cohesion and slowness of support , that only hardens the argument for change not weakens it . 
  the status quo is the perfect argument against the status quo . 
  as we 've seen in europe , it 's not that different countries have different needs . 
  our problems and mistake become shared very quickly . 
  the difference is an illusion given by the institutional myopia caused by institutional balkanization . 
  it 's like being in a theatre that 's on fire . 
  the people closest to the fire are the most worried , but the fire will eventually effect everyone given time . 
  but the information does n't travel well across a mass of separate people . 
  mali is also a complicated example . 
  it was largely a clean-up of libyan intervention blowback , in the form of regional instability flowing out . 
  libya in turn was a result of french and italian house cleaning following years of cooperation with ghadafi . 
  and the reason for that cooperation we all see now , as the migrant crisis is happening .
