  if they wanted that , they could have chosen luxemburg which is far better suited for them . 
  i think you 've come to believe you 're running the only intelligence service on the continent . 
  is this another one of those `` german car manufacturers and italian prosecco makers are on our side '' moments were you just need to believe ? 
  admittedly our `` tough '' is pretty weak tea . 
  we 're not the brightest bulb in the world foreign policy wise . 
  because the french , german and italian secret service do n't exist ? 
  you 've bought into your own kool aid with this `` punishment narrative '' and the `` they needs us more than we need them '' story telling . 
  we were n't your enemy , until you 've decided you had to make us your enemy . 
  and you seem like you 're not going to stop until you get the treatment you 've come to aspire to . 
  the eu has gone pretty much full intergovermentalist . 
  companies get special favours by courting national backers , not the union . 
  pretty much how dieselgate happened , and that 's just the ones that got caught . 
  brussels makes no sense . 
  it gives them no leverage with anyone , except the belgian government . 
  the only thing that could justify it is them trying to be a big fish in a small pond . 
  you can do whatever you want within civilized limits , but you 're going to have to sign the paperwork . 
  i 'm surprised this is n't the norm for all religious establishments in germany . 
  well , it did did n't it ? 
  the madness started with the sanu memorandum , and just kept spreading like some sort of hateful plague . 
  extremely surprising choice . 
  it 's neither a financial center , or a major political center . 
  unfortunately , you 'd have to work on moving the overton window quite a bit further until i can take on the idea that a free trade deal is some sort of moral obligation we 're all failing at as worthy of discussion . 
  it 's actually quite heinous , honestly . 
  the parallel to the british justification of the opium wars struck me almost immediately . 
  if you quack like a duck , people might start calling you a duck . 
  your own civil servants coined that one , btw . 
  seems like even internally people are aware of the kind of folk running the show . 
   the russian opposition does n't have any expectations from eu ? 
  would you blame them ? 
  have you seen how we handle foreign affairs ? 
  useless does n't do it justice . 
  arrogant , ignorant and useless just barely touches it . 
  this is pure mercantilist gunboat diplomacy . 
  you want money . 
  you hate loosing money . 
  and you 're conflating everything you have and are with that loss of money . 
  that 's what it sounds like . 
  so now if someone does n't give you a free trade pass , it 's a security risk that needs to be answered in kind . 
  i can only imagine the friends you 'll make empire 2.0 . 
  `` you watch my house , i 'll watch yours '' is apparently no good for you . 
  it has to be `` you watch my house , i 'll watch yours and get a cut as well '' . 
  and we 're entitled ... 
  you can tell it 's mutually beneficial trade by how the uk has to bring other elements into it to convince people to accept . 
  seriously ? 
  do you believe what you 're saying ? 
  and what does that have to do with the millionaire in poland currently laughing at you while he builds a highway to nowhere ? 
  or the dodgy belgian start-up siphoning off products through the carousel scam from the dutch tax system ? 
  an exaggeration , but i think you 're failing to see the consequences of what you 're trying to defend . 
  the same way a guy saying : `` nice house you have pity if something happened to it . '', 
  is simply making conversation . 
  you can call it whatever you need , buddy . 
  but you 're now packaging your own trade deals and security together as well . 
  so now that you 've raised the stakes , let 's see what cards you 've got , eh ? 
  let me set out the precendent you 're arguing for : trade negotiations can be influenced by threatening lowering security cooperation . 
  now imagine the uk and the us try to make a trade deal , and who holds the cards there . 
  the police is n't there for people who can control themselves and are law abiding . 
  it 's there for people who are n't . 
  and while youi can say your country is not at all involved in any vat fraud , wink and nudge , other 's ca n't . 
  that being said , the holier than thou act will come back to bite y' all sooner or latter . 
  world has a tendency to teach humility . 
  right , so when the us tries to push a form of ttip again , we can also bend overt to them if they threated a nato pullout ? 
  that 's must be allright as well ? 
  then russia can do the same with gas security . 
  so we pretty much become vassal states that pay for our security . 
  how convenient for everyone that is not us . 
  btw , i highly doubt you 're finding it difficult playing devil 's advocate in this case , judging by your traditional position . 
  i believe in normal circles it 's called : arguing for your side . 
   so you can have your eppo , what you can not have is our participation . 
  if you believe you 're entitled to that that 's your problem . 
  the same way we can have a police force force that is not allowed to arrest people who do n't want to be arrested . 
  let 's be clear , if i hear one more complaint about poland or hungary scamming dutch funds after this , i will extend the invitation to get straight down to the demon pit . 
  you do n't get to complain after this stunt . 
  free lunch ? 
  because this whole security sharing situation is one way ? 
  you make a trade deal about security , and that will be the cut off point , to everything . 
  you want power ? 
  well here 's the power to completely alienate 27 allies . 
  they can , they did , i was watching the council of ministers meetings . 
  the eppo needed unanimous consent to be approved . 
  so when the stalemate was reached , they pushed it up to the council of leaders which activated the enhanced cooperation mechanism . 
  because , i do n't know , hope burns eternal and something is better than nothing ? 
  serbia is grouped with albania , russia with ukraine , and armenia with azerbaijan . 
  all of them with very very recent conflicts . 
  by comparison , the greek/turkish thing is a whinge fest . 
  definitely , added `` done by convention '' to the post . 
  geographic regions . 
  west to east : nordics , iberia , benelux , central europe , baltics , balkans , caucassia . 
  these are the nice and neat ones , done largely by convention mind you . 
  everything else is a bit of a mix . 
  greece , turkey and cyprus are all east med , but are too contrary to create a neat regional unit like everyone else . 
  edit : i 'd argue that portugal , spain , france and italy should all be categorized in the west med family . 
  but it 's not a popular conception . 
  so what 's the cut off point then ? 
  russian hacking , drug smuggling ? 
  what level of criminality does the uk decide to put a monetary value on ? 
  this is turning a trade negotiation into something far different , and it 's a dangerous game to play . 
  well , are you going to self-flagellate over it ? 
  or try to keep playing happy families ? 
  someone just left the common table , and got put on the menu . 
  let 's not pretend that the non-eu world is a bucket of sunshine or that the uk needs our approval and well-wishes .
