  are you bloody kidding me ? 
  the uk leases the missiles from the us , where they are made by lockheed martin space systems in sunnyvale , california . 
  and the trident refit facility where maintanence and reffiting happens is located in the kings bay base , in camden county , georgia . 
  where in all reason did you hear otherwise ? 
  bloke down at the pub ? 
  communism and the subsequent shock therapy did a number on social cohesion . 
  it 's going to take some time to have farmers re-learn the benefits of cooperative structures . 
  even in the uk it 's been an uphill battle to explain to farmers how banding together can have them leverage cap funds better . 
  people simply default easier to sorting things out on their own . 
  the one thing you forget about that party is : they were political opportunists with no respect for the rule of law first and foremost . 
  they held a mirror to the lowest common denominators of their societies . 
  the current combination of popular left/right policies , the lack of respect for institutional procedure , the increased rhetoric of the values of strong leadership , the revulsion towards an `` intellectual elite '' , the obsession with increasing security and surveillance , all are examples of early stages of 20th century fascist regimes of which we have used nazism as a shorthand . 
  now the last generation of left might have shat the bed by thinking that all that the nazi 's were is bigoted . 
  but more than that they were powerhungry , similar to the fascist regimes in spain , italy , romania and the authoritarian regime in russia . 
  their brand of bigotry is not exceptional to them , but it has come to define too much and hide the reason to avoid the mistake of history they represent . 
  consumers is n't where the money is . 
  there 's hundreds of industrial , surveying and construction uses where accuracy is the most important factor . 
  and considering the biggest european companies are industry oriented , that means a big boost to their effectiveness . 
  edit : i mean , really , consider that gps use is a free service from a consumer point of view , it 's really not worth thinking about it in those terms at all . 
   as for the technicalities of the compensation , it probably wont be a burden on the uk as the uk will not be a party to the agreement between the eu and the trading partner . 
  the wont have a legal obligation to uphold any of those payments , unlike the already agreed commitments to the eu that schauble is mentioning in the article see , i do n't think this is true . 
  by delegating trade competencies to the eu , the uk binds itself to the same promises the eu binds itself to , the way we see with the paris agreement . 
  this means that the uk is equally liable as any state in the union , with the union acting as representative of individual members as a community . 
  because of the quasi-intergovernmental setup of the eu , the logic of `` successor state '' can not be applied to relieve the uk of that responsibility . 
  the uk is in the end a treaty signatory itself , rather than a constitutional component of a state . 
  and even if it is n't that is n't the case , the uk would still be at fault for causing the damages the eu has to compensate for . 
  while the uk can deny admitting to liability , it 's fairly obvious it 's the party that initiated a breach of expectations . 
  now , i 'm not sure what form of arbitration this would take , but i ca n't imagine that following the chain of damages wo n't happen if the process gets started simply because of the bad precedent it sets . 
   and we 're certainly not fixing turkey 's problems by letting in turkish political refugees , that 's actually debatable . 
  by letting in political refugees , we allow for the `` updating '' of the impressions of citizens of turkish descent towards the government , while allowing for the creation of a `` opposition in exile '' or atleast the foundation of one . 
  the later consequence has been a proven method since time immemorial to create the atmosphere for political change . 
  laying out the equivalent of `` have you stopped beating your wife ? '', 
  are n't you ? 
  germany should just open up volunteering to non-german eu citizens . 
  everyone benefits . 
  finally , someone who uses the true foundation name . 
  upvote for correcting the neobyzantine neophyte upstart . 
  a continent who 's extent is ever-changing , cut from from the larger eurasia by virtue of `` cultural differences '' . 
  what cultural differences then do we consider solid enough to overwhelm a lack of geological and scientific basis for this division ? 
  i think suggesting that compensation is required is interesting , considering i highly doubt this situation is covered in the treaties . 
  but i can see a case to be made about changing circumstances and damage liabilities . 
  if that 's the case though , would n't the burden fall on the feet of those that initiated that change the uk ? 
  would n't we be facing a chain of compensation going from the eu to it 's trading partners and then from the uk to the eu . 
   hit the nail on the head . 
  its not europe 's job to solve their internal problems it would be kind of hard to solve turkey 's problems from jail do n't you think ? 
  honestly , political dissent and fear of retribution because of it was the original purpose of the asylum system . 
  maybe this is our chance to let it go back to its roots and live in contrast to what the asylum system is n't . 
  what 's your point ? 
  we have a few members in the eu itself that are looking a bit too `` early erdogan '' for comfort . 
  i 'm afraid that what is happening in turkey is a european trend , one we should be weary of . 
  that applies to you . 
  this event corresponded to the fall of the austro-hungarian empire , the german empire , and the russian empire and the culmination of revolutionary fervor in europe . 
  the turkish republic that followed became a secular , democratic state interested in bettering the lives of its citizens . 
  turkey is as european as it works to be . 
  same as cyprus . 
  same as any neighboring country that steps away from authoritarianism and join in the enlightenment . 
  the slovak space capsule decorations is adorable . 
  [ here 's a trailer . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdd8xafonaw ) edit : apparently it 's out , anyone know a source with subtitles ? 
  they do like their tradition . 
  very much this . 
  it serves more to validate his narrative and give him free advertising rather than achieving anything of value , and it makes his opponents look petty . 
  do n't know why they let themselves get into this trap . 
  he 's now going to go ahead and issue another provocative but ambiguous statement to continue this circus until the election allows him to climb the rungs of victimhood . 
   the problem is that many countries and regions are not very business-friendly . 
  i live in a place where it is a bureaucratic nightmare to start a business . 
  when i first moved here , i was thinking about starting my own company . 
  i thank god that i did n't do it . 
  many of my friends who did , have an awful lot of unnecessary bureaucratic problems . 
  can i ask , is it germany ? 
  because to my surprise , friends have told me that they 've never expected to have such a hard time starting a business there compared to what they were used to . 
  ( brits , dutch and fins talking ) it was ironic finding out the most successful country in europe is not start-up friendly . 
  consider for one moment that when the english devolution vote happened london voted for it , while the northern regions voted against . 
  is this because london has a strong identity different from england , or is it because the far likely in my mind reason that most of england is incredibly conservative when it comes to reform ? 
  to add to that , scotland and wales had their borders pre-determined and scotland especially had been run as a separate legal region for the entirety of uk history , made very clear pre-devolution by the poll tax being `` tested '' on it . 
  all of this mean that the barrier to entry to wanting regional representation was lower , and we do n't see what we see when we talk about devolving english regions : pointless conversations over what borders should they have , and endless gripping about '' regional history and identity '' as if they 're not all english now to begin with . 
  also , to add about `` resenting to be ruled by an external group '' , you clearly have n't heard people in newcastle complaining about london-preferentialism the same way a scot does . 
  does that make them less british or english because of it ? 
  i think this `` demos '' mentality is a uniquely british philosophy , which has been abandoned in places like canada , south africa , and new zealand because of how destructive it is . 
  it is in the end an ideology of `` seperate but equal '' and it takes identity divisions are inherently uncompromising , which explains the many weird post-colonial set-ups as well the the continued violence of the troubles and the continued compromise set-up at stormont . 
   jesus , stop equating the eu to europe . 
  we 're continent , and europe will remain europe until continental drift decides otherwise . 
  personally , i 'd rather live in the europe of people rather than the europe of geography . 
  europe as a family of nations is capable , if willing , to support each other . 
  the only form of support the later can provide is keeping you above sea level , and even that is going to become an issue in the future . 
  i think we have to separate `` stimulating consumption '' from increasing demand , because we do n't need to stimulate the consumption of the average german to achieve increased demand and even if we did , that increased consumptive demand is very unlikely to achieve much outside german and chinese products . 
  we can increase demand through infrastructure programs that have the dual benefit of employing southern industries as well as increasing efficiency gains for everyone . 
  the problem being again , that i doubt that doing so inside germany would do any good and the lack of `` shovel ready '' programs available . 
  the reason that increase in demand is critical to the `` structural reforms '' issue is because no amount of structural reforms can increase investment in a non-growing sector/region . 
  it becomes a catch 22 of the poor getting poorer . 
  by increasing demand we allow the current reform packages to have a chance to compete , succeed and fail on their own merits rather than the happen-stance of market cycles . 
  now i 'm not saying that every southern country has taken the steps to benefit from such a move . 
  i am incredibly suspicious of greece in that regard . 
  but without any attempt at stimulus we might be seeing perfectly well run reforms that are hitting the wall of a poverty momentum as investment stays away . 
  and we do know that investment is being very conservative lately , something that has been driving the ecb bonkers . 
   the problem is that democracy requires , to be functional , a demos no , it does n't . 
  `` demos '' is btw a meaningless word . 
  what you 're looking for is `` polity '' . 
  and all democracies have a polity by virtue of existing . 
  first , the thing you fail to realize is a lot of the conversation around welsh , scottish and n. irish issues is not about `` identity '' , except in some truly unsavory circles .
