  the issue , as we have learned , is that you 're not just dealing with the uk government but also the uk media . 
  admittedly , i 'm operating from the assumption that ireland will not accept having either it 's immigration or customs regulations tied to the uk and wo n't impose checks on eu travel and trade . 
  and the uk refusing to implement both on travel and trade restrictions to and from northern ireland . 
  i might be wrong . 
  but if i 'm not , then it 's only a matter of time before public outrage over either immigration or smuggling forces the uk government 's hand . 
  it hits too close to home in regard to why it left the eu in the first place . 
  if it happens during negotiations or after , i could n't say . 
  because it properly sources and fact checks its reporting . 
  or it so it used to . 
  that is not a report , it 's a wishlist . 
  things have changed since the common travel area was put in place . 
  i do n't think you can get it back to what it once was without a fight . 
  things were n't that great when it was the only thing in place to begin with . 
  so good luck , but do n't be dissapointed . 
  heh , really ? 
  you think between customs and people , it will all be dandy ? 
  you 'll just use `` cooperation '' and everything will be fine ? 
  no mention of different migration policies , or alcohol/tobacco smuggling need be made ? 
  i am afraid we 'll just have to continue this conversation when the thread `` sun puts blacks and tans on front page as warning to ireland '' is posted . 
  oh , right `` it could never happen here '' . 
  because they are special humans , unlike all those other inferior humans who 's decline into despotism was only natural . 
  maybe you 're right . 
  maybe this time it will be different . 
  clap if you believe . 
  honestly , if this was the main argument instead of `` no muslims '' we could have reformed it into something workable a year ago . 
  unfortunatly everyone 's trapped in their respective echo chambers . 
  remember as well that the uk was once the largest borrower from the imf , and now a fervent supporter . 
  it should be intimately familiar with all those points as they are also imf policy , having both reformed under them and imposed them on others . 
  but it 's part of the pre-thatcher amnesia so it never happened . 
  russia and turkey never happened ? 
  chavez in venezuela never happened ? 
  they never needed to ban anything , just stack the deck while keeping appearances for those who 'll argue for them . 
  are we doing some sort of 1984 roleplaying here , where we edit out history ? 
  how do you imagine the handling of migration and customs control will be then ? 
  sources ? 
  pay attention to some of the comments here . 
  they have a willing audience for this , they do n't need no sources . 
  now we just need for breibart and infowars to pick it up linking to the `` respectable '' times as a source and we 're all ready to go . 
  he 's in many ways not the same orban . 
  this orban is here to stay for as long as he can . 
  i can only imagine he looked at the leaked mszp tape and thought `` all it takes to fool the country is for this to never see the light of day '' , and never looked back . 
  you might believe that the country is n't being restructured the same way russia and turkey were in 2008 . 
  but it 's looking very similar . 
  you always struck me as brighter than most on your ideological side . 
  i wonder when you think `` frictionless border '' do you actually believe it implies any actual system or position that wo n't see the sun printing `` up yours paddie ! '', 
  in a few months , or are you trying your best to toe the party line despite yourself . 
  erdogan won in 2003 . 
  putin in 2000 . 
  orban only kicked off properly in 2010 , and his judicial reforms in 2011 were somewhat tempered by the eu . 
  so we 'll just have to see if what quacks like a duck , and walks like a duck , turns out to be a duck . 
  sorry , i forgot . 
  `` frictionless border '' , already settled , nothing to worry about . 
  so get rid of eu law altogether ? 
  dangerous game seems to be : being next to the british . 
  ireland 's feeling some of that `` dangerous game '' as well . 
  it 's not propaganda if it 's not the government doing it . 
   the fate of the leveson inquiries made it clear , the tail is wagging the dog on uk policy right now . 
  you all acting nutty , that 's the big change . 
  that 's the source of heightened tension . 
  maybe you and private pike want to restart the old home guard . 
  everyone else was quite chill with matters as they were up until now . 
  wait for an official statement . 
  the eu spokesman has actually come out today saying he has no comment over anything hungary has been saying or doing . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.politico.eu/blogs/playbook-plus/2017/04/today-at-commission-that-man-orban-again/ ), 
  this has happened 7 times already this year , 600 times in the last 4 . 
  and both sides have been catching each other 's ships for decades , with no escalation . 
  i get it , you want to get with what all the cool kids are doing these days . 
  rattle some sabers , maybe talk of argies or krauts . 
  but how about you sit down and have a breather . 
  eu position coming from uk media . 
  i do n't have enough salt to take with this right now . 
  i 'm going to go ahead for a reliable news source to cover it , if not the actual eu statement . 
   we are slow to quarrel 2 days . 
  that 's the time between gibraltar being mentioned once , and talk of war . 
  you might be narrowly loosing to north korea . 
  you can do better !, 
  and this is only the beginning . 
  this has been happening for decades on a monthly basis , as both sides have ships stray into each other 's waters , now it will make front page news every time until `` somebody does something about it '' . 
  it 'll be the cod wars all over again . 
  except , considering the fisheries issue , we might also see another cod wars . 
  cynical point of view : tusk is the strongest possible opponent of the current government in the future . 
  if he comes back to lead po it might put pis out of a job . 
  any personal or national dramas are constructed purely to prevent that from happening , and so keep pis in power . 
  it would piss them off so much . 
   it 's a great idea !, 
  dont feed the troll . 
  those french weapons are made by companies employing european workers and contractors . 
  including from romania and finland . 
  how is that a criticism ? 
  why single george out ? 
  george iii was a bit of a weird duck , his treatment of his german herritage included . 
  but for his predecesors and succesors , until the 20th german as a first language and mentions of an accent were common. , victoria included . 
  either way it puts into doubt that the queen 's english was actually the exact english the queen spoke . 
  edit : rechecked , victorias first language was german that is known as a matter of record . 
  there are mentions of a german accent to her english . 
  george the 3rd was more of an oddball than the beginning of a trend . 
  right , the almost genetic hatred that most the population manages to do without . 
  seriously i do n't know what worse , your admission to irrational hatred or your appreciation of someone who 's been feeding that irational hatred to win votes . 
  joaana , be honest , are you jacob rees-mogg ? 
  our niue is turkey .
