   it 's more that scottish labour have been in decline since they allied with the conservatives against independence and put off a decent chunk of their supporters . 
  scottish labour have been in decline for years before that , they treated the city and country like a fiefdom and anyone wanting a quick buck joined them as the `` monkey with a red rosette can win '' party . 
  the indy vote just placed them side by side with the tories and forced people to do a compare and contrast on the spot , rather that it playing out over a decade . 
  there 's a thin line between `` trying to be an adult and compromise '' and being a pushover . 
  considering the unanimous decision making made for 7-year budgetary frameworks in the eu , the uk 's agreement of those budgets puts it on the line for the promised amount if not damages regarding it 's unexpected leaving during that framework since the eu already committed to that spending . 
  in british common law , this sort of uncodified agreement which is subsequently breached by one party is called `` promissory estoppel '' . 
  since the uk government started off by not only minimizing the damages/promissory amount , as would be rationally expected of a conflicting party , but outright denying it existed this puts any form of middle of the road compromise with their position as not rationally tenable . 
  in short , trying to compromise with a con artist or an idiot is not a noble trait , it in fact makes you look like a fool . 
  i wish to bring forward a fact that seems to have been missed repeatedly , in favour of the `` may is unprepared '' narrative . 
  in the leak , may had requested secret negotiation , and made reference to the jha opt-out agreement as a model for the brexit negotiation , an agreement that saw the uk claim a victory while secretly opting in later . 
  as much as pro and anti brexit people in the uk have skin in the game in trying to support and undermine the prime minister , they 've missed the obvious clues that the prime minister might be angling for a non-exit brexit and wants the eu to help achieve that with minimum political fall out for her , by being her scapegoat in undermining her own negotiations . 
  to the eu this would be letting a non-member get immense benefits with them taking even more pr flak in the process . 
  but to the brexiters , it would mean a hollow victory as nothing they wanted actually came about . 
  the leak actually gave them good reason to be worried , beyond may 's unrealistically cherry vision of the desired result , and they ignored it . 
  and those experts are those that have been involved in the cash for honours scandal , if not just party placed political retirees ? 
  suit yourself , but you ca n't argue legality if all you 're doing is parroting the lords . 
  edit : if you actually wanted an expert opinion i 'd have suggested the supreme court by the way , since they 're actually chosen based on qualification . 
  if they 're not too busy being enemies of the people . 
  edit 2 :  the lords is jam packed full of lawyers and has said there 's no legal basis for the claim that we owe money . 
  having read the entire thing , apparently their argument is that there is no way to enforce them owing any money . 
  it actually does state that the uk has legal obligations , just that they would be legally unenforcable within the eu system the uk is leaving , and furthermore hard to enforce in an international court . 
  so completely guilty and getting away with it . 
  i really should know better than taking certain posters ' statements at face value by now . 
   the eu treaties are at the pinnacle of the hierarchy of eu law ; all subordinate eu legislation derives from them . 
  once the treaties cease to apply to the uk , all eu legal obligations found in regulations , directives and decisions and other eu acts cease to apply under eu law . 
   this would include the uk 's current and future legal obligations under the own resources decision , the mff , and the annual budget . 
   the jurisdiction of the cjeu over the uk would also come to an end when the eu treaties ceased to have effect . 
  outstanding payments could not , therefore , be enforced against the uk in the cjeu . 
   she said we do n't legally have to pay anything . 
  only if you follow a form of literal civil law , where you can argue the lack of law means lack of legality . 
  which would be really weird considering this is an international negotiation where civil law does n't really apply . 
  on the other hand , if you 're familiar with common law , do n't know if you are , which is more fitting you 'd recognize that britain is dealing with a promissory estoppel as a result of agreeing a set of unanimous decisions regarding the budget and its contributions in the past , and the resulting breach of the expectation of it delivering on that promise can be considered damages . 
  but , like i said , that 's easier to understand if you have some familiarity with the more uncodified common sense based common law system . 
   we want what we were promised in 1975 , a trading agreement . 
  that 's what your politicians told you despite the schuman declaration and the treaty of rome being in clear contrast to it . 
  we are not responsible for the fake promises of your own politicians . 
  what signaled that for me is that , after the leak the entire media and a whole lot of posters completely missed the fact that according to it may was trying to get the eu to help create a no-exit brexit situation using the jha agreement as a model . 
  no one picked up on that . 
  may can literally say or do anything and have blind support in britain , she can conspire against her own platform and people will willingly ignore it . 
  you simply ca n't negotiate with that level of blind faith . 
   because everyone need to stop fucking with everyones affairs would n't it be nice if everyone was nice ? 
  if you keep telling people there are monsters in the shadows , they 'll start expecting you do something about it or they vote for someone that will . 
  at that point you either admit you lied , or you start acting like a crazy person . 
  this narrative is only going to get more inertia the more it is said , fidesz is riding a tiger . 
  i agree , no reason to defend the stupidly rich . 
  but the issue is that playing 7 degrees of seperation with everyone to check them for a soros connection will give you a lot of false positives , as well as makes any opposition paranoid about trying to get funding . 
  trying to maintain and grow a new party or protest group is going to become increasingly difficult as fidesz tightens the screws on their business partners . 
  and not everyone is willing to cash a check from russia to get going . 
  it 's actually less daunting that it appears since what is actually happening is that the word `` dog '' is paired with modifiers such as `` on '' `` under '' `` in '' `` from '' like any language but there is no space in between them when written down . 
  when spoken it still sounds the same , but in reverse to indo-european language . 
  the big problem , at least for me , is that suffixes occasionally change overall consonant structure due to assimilation rules , or due to some exception , which makes the entire process much harder than it honestly should , if you just did prefix + word + suffix without modification . 
  pointless bloody rules . 
  lies are lies , if you 've found it within yourself to approach agent of disinformation with restrained civility for the 100th time they pop up , then good on you and the media that feeds you non-sense . 
  i have no such patience . 
  i do n't care if its `` romania arms dealers/benefit scroungers '' , `` scots too wee , poor , stupid '' , or `` eu autocracy forces bendy bananas '' , fake information should not be tolerated kindly . 
  suggest an engineering vacancy that does n't require fluent hungarian , and we can dispense with the honorary . 
   otherwise , see y' all in a few years . 
  from an outside point of view , it 's been looking like rutte is learning the [ `` right type of populism '' ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/mark-ruttes-right-kind-of-populism/ ) which is where orban started off . 
  the conflict with erdogan , the `` act normal '' soundbyte and the occasional tussles with the eu ( which apparently are n't really getting media time in the netherlands ) , sort of has me wary of where he will go with this in the next few years . 
  i understand that some of that could n't be avoided , for example erdogan 's jibes , but it 's an adictive strategy to take on for a politician . 
   this was the description they got on bbc1 . 
  they also repeatedly asked them for quote and represented them on the same level as some of our real business groups ( as if they were n't entirely a political tool ) . 
  which `` real business groups '' are you thinking of here ? 
   what ?!, 
  the government was the largest shareholder , but that does n't make rbs into some part of the civil service or something . 
  the government 's control over rbs comes entirely via it 's position as a shareholder - so if they required rbs to say anything , it would all be made public . 
  also , how do you justify all of the other banks and financial institutions echoing rbs 's statements ? 
  the treasury leaked rbs decisions before rbs 's board even made them . 
  that 's the level of `` distance '' kept there . 
  and after living in the uk , i became used to government policy being echoed by financial institutions and vice-versa . 
  because that 's how the country works , at least since thatcher if not earlier . 
   the eu stability and growth pact calls for all member states to abide by the 3 % rule regardless of euro membership . 
  this was implemented after romania joined . 
  not as an entrance requirement . 
  as shown by the croatian example , where it was never in the acquis . 
  in fact , there is no punishment for non-euro members , it 's simply a suggestion that is unenforceable . 
  this is n't like talking to someone on the island . 
  you ca n't just say random stuff , and i 'll buy into it . 
  i also know the entire 10 % debt is iffy when scotland has no legal debt until recently , and all of it was due to calculating uk wide expenditures ( like trident , carriers and theresa mays lunch ) being put on the per person basis . 
  not that you 'd be interested , i 've learned that it 's a pointless exercise , the facts and all . 
   the uk is defined by more than the odd demonstration and assassination of an mp by a nutjob . 
  the uk created the modern world . 
  good old british nationalism . 
  pratchett 's lord rust on a national level . 
   for example repeatedly citing business for scotland as some kind of reliable source of information/fair representation of scottish businesses they were mentioned as a lobbying group . 
  i ca n't see `` independent and political party neutral '' mentioned anywhere , must need special glasses to see it . 
  that does make up for them using government-owned rbs as a source of economic advise to some i guess , but not to me . 
  well i 'd apologise for that , but i guess we can be clear that the uk as a whole certainly is n't one . 
   you 're absolutely right . 
  after praising scotland for making an economic sounds decision , the `` better together '' name can now be used with maximum sarcasm together with `` scotland the brave '' in europe . 
  say what you want about the uk as a whole , but neither scots or the eu managed to stay in the way of its bloody mindedness . 
  there is not enough time in my day for all of you . 
  eu membership is not dependent on debt level . 
  euro membership is you confused cluncker . 
  eu is copenhagen criteria , and euro is mastricht criteria which constains the 3 % rule . 
  my country joined the bloody thing in recent history and is trying to join the other one so i know what i 'm talking about . 
  and the scottish government has not actually started taxing anything on it 's own besides land sales , because it did n't have the power to before 2017 . 
  this is a pre-emptive lobbying before they are in place . 
  and considering the current uk economic slowdown , scotland might have actually be the tip of a trend , you hyperbole infested agenda-pushing muckslinger . 
  does n't matter anyway , since all the bad decision the uk manages to implement will be now until forever scotland 's fault .
