  so it 's all an interconnected sequence of continental troubleshooting , poorly managed , done in a haphazard and disparate manner . 
  to begin with , the principle of self-determination is fairly sacrosanct in europe . 
  giving a defensive war , even for an overseas territory , as an example simply is n't a grey area , it 's a clear cut invasion of territory against popular will . 
  a lot of countries feel very strongly about that . 
  secondly , that question already has a clear answer , a central military command . 
  the military always has had the responsibility of threat assessment , and guiding the political leadership , and a threat from venezuela is no different . 
   we can only hope that all crises will respect europe 's decision-making schedule . 
  well a military crisis would n't normally need a debate-and-decide process to be handled . 
  only initiating a military response would need that , and in that / u/hematophagian is acute in pointing out that as a whole , europe might prefer a more drawn out process . 
  a crisis implies unavoidable and immediate harm , from a source outside of our control . 
  normally , a military crisis would have a two tiered response , a military command element handling first response , and a political debate element which either confirms that response or steers policy elsewhere . 
  at the moment we only have the debate-and-decide element , but do n't have `` autonomic functions '' to handle first response . 
  and our unilateral projects have been , well , disappointing . 
  i remember the airbus ceo actually stated he 's unwilling to work over another cross-governmental military project again , because of the giant pain it is . 
  the reason airbus works as a civilian company is because it 's not micromanaged . 
  this is the case with military procurement in the us as well . 
  but in the us the infighting takes backseat to larger necessities most of the time . 
  i imagine all federations have the same problem . 
  the issue in europe is that funding is given directly from the states , controlled by the states , and fought over by the states . 
  so everyone tries to get back more than they put in , even if it hurts the overall project . 
  this is the failure of the intergovernmental approach , and it 's not easily fixable , but it 's possible . 
   the us provides the lifeblood to the global , it-centered world economy . 
  if you 're itching for some sort of trade war , that 's silly , because you would n't win . 
  pick up a history book . 
  trump is stealing talking points from the 1980s . 
  it took negotiating the plaza accords and a planned devaluation to make them feel like they did something , and it still was n't enough . 
  you 're overestimating how much can be done . 
  there was talk some time ago that it 's identity checks do n't match up anymore , and it 's been compromised . 
  never looked up on it , but if you 're on the fence and interested , you might want to check . 
  or institute copyright reform . 
  the fight is never over , but it is also never lost . 
  i take an interest in 20th century british history , so excuse the presumption , but was n't his later term as peace time prime minister and his earlier leadership in managing gallipoli put his character in more ambiguous context ? 
  from my perspective , churchill 's two saving graces was a willingness to listen to his experts and an iconic radio voice . 
  besides that , he does not come off well either as a leader or a person when examined outside the war period , and considering india 's famine even during the war period . 
  it 's weird . 
  i 've seen people compliment crumbling buildings , covered with soot , with poor lighting conditions and uncomfortable to be in , because they 've got `` character '' . 
  so far , my favorite modern building is the [ waldspirale ] ( http://img.fotocommunity.com/waldspirale-darmstadt-c0b87907-2bf3-4b0e-92c8-17bec3e0df7e.jpg?height=1080 ) which is simply incredibly to be in . 
   can we stay at the speed where we can stay in the trade union , and not give away our national sovereignty ? 
  i 'd like that speed please . 
  so you 're giving the argument used for rejecting the intermarium ? 
  think very carefully about that . 
   lithuania third i do n't even know what to say to this . 
  it makes me want to hug the country and tell it it 's beautiful and needs to believe in itself . 
  sigh ... serbia . 
   all that is gone now , and will instead be replaced by the pressures of external geopolitical events that are outside of their control . 
  which is why they will more likely be split between several exterior spheres of influence , rather than unite . 
  as was historically the case . 
  i 'm sorry , but the nordics are some the most ambivalent of functioning in the union . 
  and if you make a union of ambivalent unionists , you 're not going to get great results . 
  the added unanimity and consensus politics will only deepen what is already a very obvious trait of insularity , and preference for national decision making . 
  in the end , we 'll see a mini-repeat of the eu with added animosity due to swedish-danish power plays . 
  the `` nordic union '' resurrection honestly sounds like `` end of history '' wishful thinking , hoping that those cultural similarities paper over the obvious dysfunctional relationship the countries have with the outside world . 
  but i do n't think it will . 
  the same forces that brought the eec into being also brought the nordic council , and what will destroy the eu will also destroy any possibility of a nordic union . 
  that pressure of outside forces will cleave straight into it , like it is doing to us . 
   scandinavia/the nordics will bind together because they 've got close cultural , historical , economic and language ties . 
  i think this is the biggest leap of faith , you or anyone does . 
  the idea of a nordic union is `` nice '' , it 's neat , it makes sense . 
  and it goes against the historical realities and modern proof that plague how nordics seem to manage with each other . 
  any `` union '' was always in danger of being dominated by sweden . 
  and as for the `` natural cooperation '' that is expected due to the magic of shared culture , that story went to hell when denmark and sweden had a fallout over the managing of the migrant crisis , rather than come together and cooperate on how best to handle it . 
  the nordics have historically been fair weather friends , and otherwise opportunistic rivals . 
  it 's neat how the illusion of the magic of nordicism has come now that all of that has been superseded by cold-war power blocks , and then eu management , but that 's just going to make the wake-up to reality all the more bitter . 
  edit : for a comparative exercise in other places that could n't build a union purely out of `` cultural , historical , economic and language ties . 
  '' , see : arab league , spanish america , yugoslavia . 
  because it 's bullshit , nothing replaces organization , structure , fairness and law . 
   but some countries around the periphery of the bloc fear creating a system in which a hard core of states pushes the eu into policies they do not want . 
  `` i do n't want to be in a strong europe , but i do n't want you to have a strong europe either . '', 
  if only they could sabotage russia or the us , the way they sabotage their own . 
   should have been like this to start with . 
  it was like this to start with . 
  they were called `` spheres of influence '' and multilateral negotiations was done by the major member of each in what was called the concert of europe . 
  you 're pretty much resurrecting the `` balance of power '' model of europe . 
  you might find the results of it surprising , if this is what you hope for . 
  there 's plenty of true and potential monarch running around . 
  the french actually still have not just one , but two tiny royalists movements , funnily enough . 
  few of the family trees actually died out . 
  as for what would happen , nothing . 
  there is no regulatory framework for such a thing that i know of . 
  so it will pass to the council , they 'd say `` none of our business '' , and that 's that . 
  the existence of so many constitutional monarchies in the eu in the firstt place makes it a non-issue . 
  this is bullshit . . fuck the sovereigntists and their little victory in watering down our ideals . 
  i 'm ashamed to be part of the set of countries that joined the eu , only to start making demands to be let to slide into authoritarianism and corruption once in . 
  they 're turning us into the middle east , one compromise at a time . 
  welcome to the cia modus operandi for 50 years . 
  now all you need is to learn the word `` blowback '' and you 'd complete that little cycle of learning . 
  how about you move to south east asia , where 90s currency fragmentation still exists and enjoy the `` competative economy '' . 
  seriously , i have no truck with those that do n't remember the 90s , and how back then the german mark dominated , which was the reason germany was forced into the euro in the first place , because monetarists are blind ideologues that think the currency is the territory instead of the map . 
  backing another dictator into power ? 
  we 've been there , there is no good endgame for us . 
  we do n't play the `` might is right '' game that keeps them in line well . 
  we need a more broad strategy , one that `` europanizes '' north africa . 
  lacking that , we 've taken `` wait and see '' approaches to wahabi-funded terrorists , and now russian backed militias . 
  consider the last 10 years , is merkel really a pair of safe hands ? 
  did she prepare for putin or try to deal with him ? 
  did her cabinet not have immense influence in the eurozone and only recently lost it , only for us to see growth ? 
  did she not ignore the refugee problem in italy and greece in 2012 ? 
  did her government not help in the perpetration of what is now diesel gate ? 
  if you look at it objectively , merkel has not done anything for anyone . 
  she just survives the disaster , never prevents it .
