  compromise with the uncompromising ? 
  how is that going to end in any other way but bending over backwards at every turn ? 
  there is a limit here to what can be expected in regards to concessions over the border , when it comes to complaints from the active party . 
  like i said , not utterly against , do n't hit me with hyperbole . 
  but i 've also seen entire sections of a city being left to rot as `` historical preservation '' . 
  at some point your going past `` remembrance '' and turning infrastructure necrotic . 
  while it would be nice if we could save absolutely everything and still move on as people , buildings are not books , they take space . 
  and everytime we stop having a `` conversation '' using that space for the sake of preservation , we 're further limiting our ability to express the civilization of the age . 
  and using the stone henge example , if a bunch of paganists wanted to restore it 's use in a limited fashion to it 's historical purpose rather than a slowly eroding turist attraction , would n't that be a better tribute to memory ? 
   they decided , rightfuly so , that they will not import gas from germany . 
  and instead from russia . 
  `` rightfully so '' ? 
  a matter of opinion . 
  and why not wait for polish lng ? 
   someone ignorant maybe , and certainly no archaeologist . 
  a strong attachment to old for old 's sake does not raise you above ignorant . 
  the general who sieges a castle with cannon , bringing down it 's walls is not ignorant . 
  and neither is someone who rebuilds it with time to new ideas . 
  the results might not end up positive , but that 's not the issue with the act itself . 
   moreover , why not restore it to its original appearance ? 
  you know , you would still be able to work or live in it . 
  why not restore it to a new design ? 
  the castle has seen improvements and additions for hundreds of year why stop now ? 
  i am not utterly against what you are saying . 
  i have seen some disastrous restorations . 
  but preservation for the sake of preservation is somewhat morbid to my sensibilities . 
  like raising giant tombstones to the past . 
  not entirely correct . 
  there has been a push to make energy negotiation a eu competence , there are also security concerns who have some relevance with stipulations in the treaties surrounding the expansion of the external action service . 
  the building blocks are there , the same way article 73 was there fr the refugee quota . 
  the problem is that once you create and use such a weapon on germany , you leave it open to be used on yourself . 
  and just a few weeks ago hungary made it 's own gas pipeline deal with russia . 
  the enemy of the v4 is hypocrisy and their own europhobia . 
  what you might consider `` ruined '' someone else might consider `` putting to use '' or `` homage '' . 
  not everyone cares to turn buildings into unusable museum pieces . 
  people do n't live in museums , they do n't work museums , and not everything worth visiting or having is a museum . 
  as nice as museums are . 
  that depends on your concept of restoration . 
  for some people restoration is about keeping the thing at an arbitrary level of decomposure of when it was found , for others it 's restoring it to the original form , and for others restoration takes a more pro-active approach through romanticism or modernization . 
  few , for example , would argue that the pyramids of giza should be restored to their original form . 
  few would argue for many of the government buildings centuries old and currently in use , like the british parliament , to be restored to its original shape and function . 
  and , considering the messes we 've often seen lately , extremely rarely do people argue to `` spruce up '' old buildings . 
  point is restoration can be a subject for debate , there is no one point . 
  the day e. europe brings ns2 to a vote in the council is the day ns2 dies . 
  but it never will , because they like complaining about germany more than they like giving the eu the tools to tell a member state what to do . 
  the trick we find , is to manage to somehow have them all try to govern at the same time to the point that the entire system grinds to utter paralysis from the betrayals , imprisonments and deadlocks . 
  sweet , peaceful paralysis . 
  the thing the nordics and the v4 fear more than a strong european core , is a strong european core they are not part of . 
  put up a 2 speed europe , set standards of entry , and watch how the `` less europe '' politicians suddenly find some gottenfunken and start racing to join . 
   because it 's not their problem . 
  these migrations will only increase . 
  every demographic , economic and defense prediction agrees on that . 
  it is everyone 's problem . 
  if not directly , then through domino and spillover effects , or lowering of world-wide economic activity and geopolitical stability . 
  you can argue that they are powerless to have an impact on it . 
  but to say `` it 's not their problem '' is short sighted . 
  which is the point of my statement really . 
  i have gone a little overboard on the bashing . 
  but whatever our history is , it 's not who currently are . 
  we are , if we like it or not , the children of revolution . 
  the descendants of those that broke with the habits of the rest of the world , and started the era of rationality . 
  ever step we 've taken is further and further from the past and towards an ideal future . 
  to be , as you 'd likely have it , the light of the world , the city on the hill that can not be hidden . 
  our fate , our identity and our destiny lies in that journey , however we take it , and little else . 
  the moment we stop , we join the middle east and north africa in being just another bunch of ritualistic tribal bands scrambling at dirt . 
  i remember that being the reasoning at the time , but fyi unless you 're seeing an increased rate over a few months you 're not going to see export immediately go either way in response . 
  it 's also very likely that the bank did a preventative move , rather than wait for exports to actually drop . 
  the line is nebulous because christianity kept borrowing ancient rights and thought , as a lot of the crazier elements were removed or changed , up to and including accepting the institution of marriage . 
  but to argue the abrahamic rights have some sort of monopoly on equality , on charity or humility is absolutely preposterous to the point of willful ignorance . 
  especially since the clergy were such avid supporters of `` divide right of kings '' in their time . 
  you try to stick with the middle eastern cultural import , but that 's a tamed version which we 're still taming . 
  it took reformations , crusades , religious war , and revolution to get us to this point and away from middle eastern mentality , it was n't given to us by some ragged committee-edited holy book . 
  edit : as for the `` pagan books '' the monks copy . 
  the fall of byzantium and trade with the arabs did more for the amount of pagan literature in the west that the discriminatory scriptoria . 
  and all the greek city states and gaulic tribes wanted their own thing too , did n't stop rome or macedonia from clobbering their shitty little alliance system and turning them into actual , not a hyperbole , provinces . 
  everyone wants to be a millionaire , no one wants to settle for not being a millionaire . 
  i get it , but how about you get real . 
  the `` original '' ( moral ) intelectual framework was 1000 years of greco-roman thought . 
  the fact that the abrahamic sects settled in , burned some books , killed some non-believers that asked too many questions , and then declared their nutty moral code `` the one true path '' was just a vacation from civilization while we became the world 's nutty plague ridden shithole . 
   though you should have included the ( modified ? ), 
  citation in the post itself . 
  i like my smug little rants to much too stop for proper referencing :p . [ also ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yewlw5shq4q ) . 
  main source of my information is `` german monetary history in the second half of the twentieth century '' by l. hetzel . 
  there 's a pdf copy online somewhere , that is a lot more extensive . 
  the quote `` we have the atom bomb ... '' is taken from this [ spiegel article ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/the-price-of-unity-was-the-deutsche-mark-sacrificed-for-reunification-a-719940.html ) . 
  the swiss example is memory and wikipedia . 
  technically any country can arrange transfers on an ad-hoc basis . 
  it 's not unusual by far . 
  as for the temporary structural method , it still exists in the typical shitty way such things tend to exist . 
  it 's trapped in a bit of a `` no man 's land '' while it 's legality is being decided in the ecj . 
  do you actually think the german politicians saying it makes it true ? 
  do you think they 'd admit to it if it was ? 
  let me explain two you two different concepts you have to understand : 1 . 
  the actual benefits germany gains in terms of industrial exports is linked to inertial effects caused by their concentration of industries , and stuff like industrial cartels and state support . 
  the euro distracts from solving that and breaking up the `` blue banana '' industrial cluster that has formed . 
  it 's a `` do n't look any deeper '' red herring . 
  the german government wants the ecb to stop inflating the currency since by doing so it 's eating into the savings of it 's voters . 
  the low interest rate plus the high inflation rate is having quite an effect on it 's retirement schemes and this is `` modest admission '' is actually an angle of attack to stop the policy . 
  these low interest rates have actually been put in place to help spanish and french industries , who actually have had an uptick , while german exports would not be as severly effected if inflation went back down . 
  you 've been played , congratulations .
