  although , honestly , what you 'd do is have hand-written statements , even short ones , for things that require good verification . 
  this has been a predicted issue , that as technology advances `` hard-copy '' evidence will increase in importance as its hard to manipulate without a trace , while things that are easy to manipulate without giving away a date-of-editing/creation ( digital records , photos , video ) will become increasingly suspect . 
  i 'd argue that sovereignty is a lie . 
  and it does n't take living under the warsaw pact to think so , any nation bellow the top 10 knows it as it is . 
  defining a state by its presence or lack therefore is therefore insufficient . 
  it 's actually quite scary what they 've done so far , to the point that i 'm afraid any party that follows them gets tempted by their ground work . 
  returning the national prosecutor to the ministry of justice , putting a domestic security force under the ministry of defense . 
  it 's all looking like it 's going to end in tears , even if pis looses . 
  i 'm talking from the experience of years of news articles , post-mortem analysis like in basra , and having lived on the nato european supply lines to the middle east . 
  i ca n't point you to any one source for everything and i 'm honestly sorry i 'm unable to do that . 
  but the impression i 've gotten is that attempts at dividing areas or working together both lead to cultural and communication conflicts between the national forces . 
  and if you want war prepare for war . 
  it 's all heavily stacked on the side of war it seems . 
  :p it 's a saying originating from one of europe 's most bellicose powers , the truth is more of the `` carrot and stick '' variety rather than plain stick . 
  i 'd argue we 're collectively shit at both , though . 
  stories surrounding afghanistan and iraq coalition forces suggest otherwise . 
  russian oligarchs have been tamed into the state apparatus back in the 2000 's . 
  this russia is a geopolitically focused construct . 
  it took territory , feed a civil war , ate the sanctions and kept on going . 
  russian millionaire 's are n't going to help us any more than german automakers will help the uk . 
  we 're dealing with far bigger stakes in a far bigger game . 
  but you had foreign and military policy unified much earlier , which is far more politically sensitive . 
  while in europe in general the concept of modern borders is extremely new and before there was a lack of movement between communities in general but no outright restriction . 
   anyway , nobody wants the war scenario , it would be a loss for everyone . 
  said carthage to rome . 
  not everyone is looking out for their wallet , some are motivated by geopolitical power . 
  it depends heavily on the circumstances of conflict . 
  i 'd argue we 'd loose anything short of total war , and anything beyond russia 's `` nuclear deescalation '' ultimatum . 
  so our only hope is that sweet spot where we have enough time to re-constitute ourselves while in a conflict without ambiguity . 
  anything less , and we 'd get bogged down and outmaneuvered both militarily and diplomatically . 
  we could n't handle libya , with heavy american support , and we 'd certainly could n't handle a determined and unified opponent . 
  anything beyond the nuclear de-escalation ultimatum ? 
  we 'd compromise to a degree that would compete with yalta for concessions given . 
  it 's honestly a bleak prospect if you look at it from any other point but arithmetical . 
   that is my point ; mali and car get attention because france puts those two on the agenda - why should a portuguese soldier die to protect french , and french alone , interests ? . 
  because they 're not `` french alone '' . 
  any more than what happens in syria only concerns turkey . 
  france just has a more reflexive attitude to that region , while the smaller countries have zero geopolitical experience besides : `` pick large player , suck up to them '' . 
   portugal given its location only has 1 enemy to fear : spain . 
  this is not the medieval era . 
  a century ago russian money was used to support civil wars in that region , and the situation has n't gone more local since . 
  to think that the limits of our security interests is just invasion , is extremely simplistic . 
  somalia piracy effects all of us , opec embargo 's effect all of us , extremist funding effect all of us , and nearby wars even a sea away effect all of us . 
   besides , if shit hit the fan in mozambique nobody would defend a `` european unit '' to be sent . 
  after all , only our interests are at stake there . 
  i am literally talking to you defending what you call `` french '' interests . 
  and if good reason was provided for involvement in mozambique , i 'd defend portuguese interests . 
  romanian 's were part of peacekeeping forces in somalia back 20 years ago , and the iraq mission 10 years ago , we 're not alien to the concept . 
  we 're all part of a world power now . 
  and that does n't necessarily mean acting like the militaristic us , it just means supporting each other through the thick of things . 
  honestly , i 'd like a more extensive diplomatic operation in general . 
  we 've been lax in supporting the few stable states that exist . 
  mali and car get support because while i have no power to influence european foreign policy , since it 's a member state issue , france does and managed to put those two on the agenda . 
  and i do n't think they 're wrong in doing so , although i suspect it could be done better . 
  sooner or latter portugal , like greece , will face an exterior security threat , we all will , and we need to prepare systems to handle that from far away . 
  even if it never hits portugal directly , it might interfere with spain or morrocco and indirectly hurt portugal . 
  the geopolitical health of the continent is important to everyone , if they are in the line of fire or not . 
  greece is also a small country . 
  it did n't care about syria , about the turkish border , or about the refugee camps there . 
  it did n't care about extremist funding in the middle east or saudi-iran proxy wars . 
  but none of that matters because the world comes knocking on your door if you care or not . 
  like i said , some of us might escape some of the problems some of the time , but not all of the time . 
  as small nations we got used to us not mattering and accepting whatever came our way as our fate . 
  but now collectively we have the power to deal with issues before they grow to the point they hurt us . 
  and the reason we do n't intervene in nigeria is the same we do n't intervene in a lot of places : we do n't care , we do n't know how , we are n't competent enough to , or we ca n't take the responsibility . 
  but that reasoning only postpones us dealing with the problem anyway at some later point . 
  has a parliament , has a code of law , has a court , even has a larger party system . 
  honestly we 're a federation . 
  one much weaker and incompetent than the confoederatio helvetica but we tick all the major boxes . 
  point one , this hq is only to coordinate training missions of local armed forced . 
  second point , how the fuck did you manage to pass through the last 6 years of people fleeing over the med to escape instability , poverty and armed conflict without getting the fact that we 're not , collectively , a small nation on the edge of the continent.some of us might escape some problems some of the time , but overall what happens in the world effects us even from the middle of africa or in some american bank somewhere . 
  we 're all in this together , we can no longer seek shelter in irrelevance . 
   bringing about a true `` clash of civilizations '' as predicted by samuel p. huntington . 
  as inspired by , not predicted . 
  we hopefully will never allow them the traction and influence for that narrative to count as prediction . 
  besides that , spot on . 
  not surprised to see you 've hit too close to home for some who want to paint themselves as the lesser of two evils . 
  mistake on my part , but it 's on you if that 's all you need to ignore his past politicking . 
  the fines on spain and portugal for budgetary deficit . 
  he pushed the commission extensively to apply them . 
  when the commission finally gave in , he turned on a dime . 
  overnight he started making calls to drop them to save his spanish epp allies . 
  [ march 2015 ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/section/euro-finance/news/france-wins-eu-approval-for-two-year-reprieve-on-deficit/ ) : `` if the commission is too flexible on the growth and stability pact ( budget rules ) for political reasons -- it has to be aware there will be consequences , '' said wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , germany 's minister of finance . 
  [ july 2016 ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/whats-driving-the-decision-to-sanction-spain-and-portugal-juncker-commission-eu/ ) : in reversal , juncker backs sanctions on spain and portugal  according to officials , juncker hates to be criticized for being either too soft or too hawkish on governments that do n't abide by eu rules . 
  he has been targeted by eu finance ministers such as michel sapin of france who defended portugal , while his german counterpart wolfgang sch\u00e4uble accused the commission of not doing enough to enforce the rules . 
  [ july 2016 ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/wolfgang-schauble-bails-out-spain-portugal-sanctions-juncker-german-finance-minister/ ) : wolfgang sch\u00e4uble bails out spain , portugal : germany 's finance chief intervenes to stop commission sanctions against iberian free spenders , partly to help political ally mariano rajoy in madrid . 
  and this is n't the only time the cdu has acted with duplicity . 
  the migrant and dieselgate crises are both cases of : cdu ignores problem , blames everyone else for it , say it will fix it , does absolutely nothing behind the scenes . 
  the entire party is utterly amoral , and characters like sch\u00e4uble and oettinger represent it perfectly . 
  edit : csu-cdu confusion, 
  other countries are no angels , and parliamentary systems with tendencies towards simple majority party leadership are more fucked than we are when it comes to authoritarianism . 
  i though the same thing regarding our authoritarian tendencies , but in practice we 're a pit of snakes . 
  for every strong leader , there 's ten ambitious underlings who want him gone . 
  it 's glorious and our semi-presidential system and lively party dynamics make it all the more effective . 
  the issue with the current bucharest centric system is that we have pseudo-feudalism in the country side which can not be opposed because people in the cities do n't care and it 's entrenched into the social fabric . 
  meanwhile the national government can fly under the radar as long as it never causes issues that piss off the entire country . 
  even if it 's broken , a federalist system gives competing politicians more avenues to fuck with each other by giving them strong regional platforms to hit from . 
  good old money in your pocket politics . 
  when actually running and developing the country is too much of a bother . 
  well we also had the unstable psd-pnl coalition .
