  the orban government actually engaged in quite a few pr tricks to make the whole thing look worse , putting refugees in the middle of the city , making sure groups were tight so the camera 's pick them up as a mob , placing them next to the austrian border in open camps . 
  sneaky , sneaky , orban  . 
  yes , and the german idea after receiving by far the bulk of the yugo refugees was , and stop me if you heard it before , a quota system . 
  so , as usual , no new problems in europe , no new solutions . 
  but this seems to be our destiny every single time we have a war nearby , because europe . 
  it 's really really not a schengen problem . 
  the balkan route was turkey , greece , macedonia , serbia , and only then did they reach schengen proper . 
  see how little those borders mattered ? 
  the issue is the same issue that existed during the yugo war , if the migration is going somewhere else , why stop it ? 
  let them through to become someone else 's problem . 
  it was n't outright ignored , it was played with . 
  local authorities did n't stop migrants , knowing that migrant would eventually leave the country . 
  where they did , like hungary , the echr eventually decided that conditions were so bad that sending people back there would be considered inhumane and only make it worse . 
  so it became a game of hot potato , without anyone to come down and set things in order . 
  pretty much puts the burden on border countries . 
  so for north africa italy and the for middle east ... greece . 
  so yeah , not a grand idea to begin with honestly . 
   i 'll tactically rephrase so that you ca n't be hilarious : spoilsport . 
  please continue not paying us any attention . 
  and i do mean that . 
  i 'm now waiting for the news `` police are told to stand down as the national volunteer army underneath the defence ministry patrol streets to secure them after the coup/fire/unrest / insurgency '' . 
  it will be a dark day . 
   i 've no prejudice or preconceptions of romanians , despite your apparent preconception that brits are obsessed with you . 
  i do n't pay any mind to you guys . 
  thanks for letting me know how much you do n't care . 
   i only find it strange that a lot of eu members are so quick to use the eu as a vehicle to equate themselves with france , germany , etc. 
  i prefer individuals , not groups . 
  genuinely did n't mean offence by it . 
  but countries are gr ... ok , thank you , will keep that in mind . 
  will mind my place , no more associating with my betters . 
  thumbs up . 
  yes , we . 
  i know the flair is triggering , it 's ok , i know you ca n't help it . 
  hugs . 
   i quoted from the wikipedia article that states it also applies to those who wish to join the eu , aside from the maastricth crtiera , not because of the maastrich criteria . 
  and so , `` can also be described as a key tool '' turns into `` applies to those that wish to join the eu '' through the force of sheer audacity . 
  and from a direct quote of a wikipedia article no less . 
  this is how low you 're willing to go . 
   `` as such , it was also described to be a key tool for the member states adopting the euro , to ensure that they did not only meet the maastricht convergence criteria at the time of adopting the euro , but kept on to comply with the fiscal criteria for the following years . '', 
  and , despite my warning not to confuse things with the maastrich criteria for entering the eurozone , you went ahead and did it . 
  you mad man . 
  do you ever look in the mirror and wonder : `` am i the baddie ? '', 
   i provide facts , you 're being a bit generous with yourself there . 
   the eu requires less than 3 % budget deficit for new members , no it does n't . 
  he apparently is talking about the growth and stability pact , or so he says , but that is n't a requirement for anyone but eurozone members . 
  for normal members , suggestions are made to lower it , and tha ` ts about it . 
  new members are n't an exception to this , and it does n't bar any member from joining . 
  when joining , only the copenhagen criteria matter , which are a set of legislative packages to harmonize rules with he rest of the eu . 
   apparently that does n't matter as long as it spites the rest of the uk for voting to leave the eu . 
  i 'm pretty sure if there is any `` spite '' here , a decent person can tell where it 's originating from . 
   stability and growth pact , if scotland were to join the eu it would have the second highest behind ireland and just ahead of greece . 
  that is not an entry requirement , the copenhagen criteria are the entry requirements . 
  and , as you so usefully pointed out , it 's not even a staying requirement , as we have a total of 8 members over 3 % . 
  it is , almost exclusively , a eurozone affair . 
  please stop spreading self-serving lies . 
  someone has a nuclear arsenal , a twitter account and a fragile ego . 
  honestly , getting some anti-erdogan figures in the turkish community in germany might be needed . 
  might be a mixed blessing . 
   no it does you are required to have less than a 3 % budget deficit to join as a new member it 's not misinformation . 
  are you going to actually back that up with something ? 
  and do n't try to link to the euro 's maastricht criteria and try to pretend it 's the same thing . 
  that 's not going to work here . 
  i assume it 's because the i.r 's regulatory framework will extend to northern ireland in case of unification , bringing into line . 
  while scotland ca n't copy anyone 's else 's , especially due to it 's unique legal system , and will diverge with time . 
   berlin and munich are pricier both in the same sentence , times have really changed . 
  removing military officials based on political party lines . 
  well , this has a predictable outcome . 
   joining the euro is an obligation . 
  except that it is n't . 
  by virtue of practicality in integrating economies , by virtue of the emu being a standard to work for and easily fail , by virtue of there being no mechanism no actually force anyone into line . 
  we 've gone over this . 
  why are doing it again ? 
   do you believe this is an issue to be considered ? 
  or should scotland join the eu and worry about the small matter of currency later ? 
  i have perfect faith that is a matter to be decided by the scottish people , if the situation arises by voting for parties with the right experience and platform . 
  asking me to steer the policies of an entire nation , on what might happen is insane . 
  should i also decide scottish foreign policy here and now ? 
  maybe you also want me to place an opinion on cloning or russian 's territory in the arctic , they 're also important issues that might come up . 
  am i not going to be done till i 've made an encyclopedia of `` issues that might or might not happen '' ? 
   i must say , i feel this is a perfectly reasonable position . 
  your accusations of `` pushing an agenda '' really do n't help the discussion . 
  your attempts at either raising fantastical hypotheticals or narrowing interpretations to suit does n't help the discussion . 
  the fact that you 're doing so , to make your point easier sort of speaks for itself . 
   in the uk england decided everything . 
  it 's actually even unfair to single out england here . 
  it 's trapped by a two-party system which pushes out competition using a broken electoral system . 
  at the same time dealing with a whitehall establishment monopolized by special interests . 
  the people of england are right to be frustrated . 
  but since turning their back on devolution as a way to provide an alternative governance , they 've been left to find anything they can to channel even a small amount of how unfair most of the uk has been treated , and open to a media empire willing to use that frustration to push a political agenda . 
   we 've produced some of the best literature in the world . 
  you 're welcome . 
  could you also please update us on the price of tea in china ? 
  are you seriously asking me to engage in a bit of storytelling regarding hypotheticals ? 
  what if the pound gets another shock as currency reserves get used up post-brexit ? 
  what if the euro becomes a gateway to riches as equalizing fiscal mechanisms are reached ? 
  what if the eu becomes the strongest force on the planet while the uk returns to 1970 's like stagnation ? 
  what if pigs flew ? 
  `` what if i 'm right ? '', 
  is not argument . 
  please have some decency .
