  i can name a few eu members that would fall fowl of all of those . 
  maybe we should talk why they 're in considering turkey is off limits . 
  impressive 180 spin from opinion on germany 's support for ns2 . 
  not that i support ns2 , just am admiring the double standard . 
  good luck , but gezi park did n't work , and neither will this . 
  as long as the single market and the cohesion funds keep the good times flowing , and me instability keeps the migrants on the map , votes will flock to pis and demand they take more power and `` make poland great again . '', 
   as long as the primary thing that guarantees our security right now still exists , which is us involvement in europe and nato , it is not . 
  right , the mood swings of the american presidency/political system guarantees your security . 
  how many times does poland has to play the international political scene until you finally get it : it does n't pay to be a vassal . 
   not as pathetic as people like you , who propose to willfully dissolve ourselves into some featureless , dystopian blob . 
  your nightmares are your own . 
  your defending nothing from nothing , you 're not even sure what you have to lose and can only discuss the option through grim hyperbole to avoid actual thought . 
   there were many attempts to `` unite '' europe under one government as well - napoleon , lenin and hitler all tried and failed at it . 
  and there will be many more , we keep `` getting lucky '' but sooner or latter an empire will win . 
  russia 's influence has only gotten bigger every century , with every new burst of expansion . 
  we either decide the future of europe now , on our terms , of we go with your gaelic/greek option of trying to beat the future `` romans '' as divided infighting tribes sucking up to future enemies for defense . 
  but that 's lost on you , you only understand slaves and masters . 
  only force , or be forced . 
  that why you think a federation is your dystopian vision . 
  you have no concept of a europe of consent or law . 
  the mental ability simply is n't there . 
  the actual option is loosing some illusory independence or loosing all independence . 
  the eastern countries are not the strong , independent countries that do n't need no backing they like to think they are . 
  they were n't when they denied the intermarium and they are n't now . 
  it 's honestly pathetic to watch people like you repeat history with simpleton glee , while those that want to break the cycle are to you participating in `` madness '' . 
  madness , my friend , is doing the same thing again and gain , and expecting a different result . 
  here 's a newsflash for you , many in benelux , france and germany consider if they have a choice between federalizing/strengthening the eu and keeping the likes of poland/hungary from jumping ship , they have nothing to loose doing the former . 
  not federalizing to keep the whinging autocracies , free riders and neoliberals in is seen as a mistake . 
  far-left , far-right , let 's say it as it is : russia panders to hardheaded uncompromising crackpots in the west and they love the attention . 
  not really . 
  in democratic countries governments can fall due to either elections or internal party struggles . 
  as can be seen in the new european majoritist autocracies , both can be successfully defused with sufficient party unity and media manipulation , as well as electoral tricks . 
  in romania protests only worked when : a ) a coalition was prone to breaking to win protest votes . 
  b ) internal party struggle over leadership could use protests to excuse backstabbing . 
  where the leadership is secure , and 50.1 % of valid votes assured next election , protests are simple ways to legitimize your `` democracy '' . 
  edit : i 'll give one point , even fake democracies allow for better transition of power since they allow for the existance of a `` show alternative '' that can take power if they ever fall . 
  true dictatorship make sure that they die with the country the moment they are removed . 
  this makes changing goverments a less desirable option to the average person . 
  my apologies . 
  this line of thinking was wide-spread during the arab spring as westerners drew comparison to iraq . 
  it 's not nearly odd enough to pass as irony untagged . 
  i highly doubt it . 
  it 's extremely rare that marches work without military support of some kind , even tacit . 
  i still remember tiananmen square , and the so called `` democratization of china '' that was supposed to happen . 
  sure mate , sure . 
  just remember : there are no pro-russian politicians in poland . 
  everyone who tells you otherwise is lieing and hates you . 
  repeat as needed till the nagging doubts disappear and loyalty is established . 
  the report is actually from the faz , with the guardian acting as the anglo-sphere bridge . 
   yes i am very sure . 
  advancements in electronic warfare continue to outpace those made in the unmanned field of things . 
  just look at the rq-170 incident with iran . 
  and the german 's used russian inability to code their radio transmission and maintain tactical silence during battle of tannenberg . 
  did n't slow down the development of radio . 
  the problem was not with the technology , the problem was the implementation . 
  we 'll start replacing long range truck drivers and transport ships by 2025-2030 at the latest . 
  and the only reason it 's taking that long is getting law and insurance in order . 
  a fighter plane stands no chance in that enviroment , especially considering missile technology is slowly working it 's way up in that direction anyway . 
  they are but they 're not made to combat sam and theoretically drones have much , much higher acceleration and velocity limits . 
  human pilots are sort of a dead end because even if airplane drone technology is n't uptaken , similar systems will be built into the sam missiles that will take those fighters down . 
  technical knowledge is n't an issue of nationality . 
  i 'll this conversation with that , because honestly it 's a loss of time . 
   the defense industry , unlike others , can be limited in their efforts to export arguments have been brought up that germany is actually seeking such a partnership to get around export restrictions in it 's own laws . 
  so we 're looking at a more loose regime there . 
   and you know , to begin with how many parts of the eurofighter/rafael/leopard are produced in bulgaria or romania ? 
  that was then , under the failed system of negotiatons and juste-retour that lead to so many expensive losses . 
  this is now , and us and the v4 can and should step in and promise sales in return for what is best for everyone : open bidding on contracts . 
  cheaper airplane , more exportable as a result , more can be built and bought in the west , and we get a slice of the technical pie . 
   now in fairness as far as i know neither bulgaria , nor romania has an industry for either tanks or planes - period - so it 's not like we 're being cheated or they 're taking our jobs . 
  we actually [ tried ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iar_95 ) , [ repeatedly ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iar-93_vultur ) . 
  but it 's not just the whole airplane itself that needs contractors . 
  the software , the manufacturing , the assembly , the design , the prototyping , even just storage . 
  there is a lot on the table . 
   but i do think this is something designed to benefit germany and france ( with maybe italy being included later on due to the eurofighter , but who knows ) from the get go . 
  and it 's easy to argue that they win as well . 
  the mistake of the eurofighter and the rafael was that they kept splitting the work until everyone was dealing with too few production numbers to amortize costs . 
  too expensive for the middle east , too non-american for east asia and e. europe . 
  planes did n't get sold , jobs got lost . 
  we can come in with raw order numbers and a chance to lower the cost even futher and everyone wins . 
  there might even be more french and german jobs involved in the end because of the amount of orders we can put through overall . 
   every country has its own history , mentality , mindset . 
  talking as if every country is a bunch of aliens . 
   poland will rebuild the rule of law quickly enough hopefully without new privileged castes and pariahs without any rights ( most of the people under liberal governments ) and wine will flow like honey and everyone will have their own car , the moment the party eliminates all resistance to reforms . 
  heard it all before , all of it . 
   a better solution would be for france to develop the eurofighter 2 for both countries and germany develops a new tank and a few other things . 
  seriously ? 
  some sort of technical caste system ? 
  i 'm not surprised , it 's pretty typical . 
  still disappointed . 
  very much backing this interpretation , running parallel to the us 's own desire to see that money go into it 's own equipment . 
  to expand on it though , because the single-market extends to contractors and employees of franco-german defense companies , these projects inevitably will employ our own people , especially if we crack down on any attempt to make the tendering process juste-retour since we can outcompete for cost most western companies . 
  as far as the aerospace and armor industry goes , this is a giant european wide buffet . 
  although traditional western companies involve might feel the pinch . 
  well , to begin with there is no real military tender process for intra-eu equipment because of a history of intergovernmental horse-trading . 
  everybody wants their right to take their toys and go the moment they do n't like how it 's turning out . 
  problem number one , and one that hopefully these negotiations will fix by killing juste-retour and employment quotas in it 's sleep . 
  secondly , eads/now airbus is not really a bad company . 
  in many ways it 's done the best it can do given their ball-busting needy customers and their politking . 
  the a400m is not even really all their fault since they 've been told to work with eurocopter , a fact they seem to regret every day . 
  honestly ?
