  it 's also duplicitous , undiplomatic , and inconvenient . 
  but those are separate issues to take offense at while ignoring what has been revealed . 
  personally i agree with the assessment . 
  the details of the dinner leak shows that may 's focus is secrecy and showmanship , her ideal framework for the deal is the jha opt-out which allowed her to save face to the british public only to opt-in when no one 's looking . 
  she wants to play theater with her domestic support . 
  there 's no reason why she should be allowed to get away with it without working for it . 
  what does bravery have to do with it ? 
  the time and place to have a rethink was in ... i do n't know , maybe 2009 . 
  now it 's way past cutting back , it 's actually cheaper to keep moving forward . 
  if it was cut , then airbus loses its sunk cost , the contractor it apparently was pressured to take on loses its major project , national governments lose an off-tarmac heavy transport ( france hurting the most ) , the few that have the plane lose assurances of decent support/repair/development , and a ton of jobs are put into question . 
  and everybody still needs the heavy transport , which means we have to buy american/russian to fill the demand , so we still continue losing money to someone 's else 's benefit . 
  so , you know , full steam ahead . 
  the a400m pops up fairly regularly in defense news . 
  it 's the goose that keeps laying the `` golden '' eggs in that regard . 
  it 's overbudget , underperforming , under heavy delivery delays , and produces a consistent strain of airbus 's profit margin . 
  none of this will change , so expect regular updates of how bad things are going . 
  the a400m is more of a collective european fuck-up . 
  the situation apparently is that your time outside your registered country is tracked , and if it looks like you 're using the service in the way you 're planning to you get cut off . 
  i honestly am really sorry for those of you sensible folks , you 're trapped with them . 
  but they 're running wild and a certain bluntness is called for here . 
  we 're getting a lot of / r/ukpolitics posters who think / r/uk is `` negative and self-hating '' and will go on about it endlessly , so you can imagine the sort crap they try to pull here with us foreigners . 
  african union , asean , mercosur , eac and caricom are feeding off the inertia of the `` end of history '' period of the 1990s when the eu was seen in a better light . 
  it 's getting less traction now , just as we start gathering tarnish ourselves . 
  either way , we need to accept that not every country will be like-minded . 
  in any system of cooperation , there is always a benefit in being the defector , and that alone stacks the deck against us . 
  and as we are sitting on the landmass which has about 5-6 mini-hegemonies fighting for dominance , i think we should be far better prepared for a more competitive world rather than continue in a belief in more cooperation winning out . 
  it 's only sensible at this point . 
  we will no doubt be facing national cartels and monopolies in the future , not just corporate . 
  i 'm thinking of opec and their embargo in the 1970s or russia during the gas crisis in the 2000s , and imagine what it would mean for things like rare earth minerals or even hard-to-produce computing hardware . 
  the market is not a non-political entity , despite the neoliberals wishing madly otherwise . 
  i 'd argue it 's a very absolutist view-point . 
  protectionism is a set of tools of different types and duration , each with different advantages and drawbacks . 
  i 'd argue we do need protectionism when we are facing abusive market practices . 
  like international monopolies/cartels , dumping , predatory pricing etc. 
  we also need it for strategic resources that we simply ca n't afford to put at risk of political/market manipulation , or simply as a reserve in case a severe event . 
  this goes for food , energy , and military production . 
  and , lastly , we need it when dealing with high-barrier of entry industries that require tremendous amount of investment to get going to begin with . 
  the aerospace industry being the best clear example of this . 
  while we need to trade with the rest of the world for unavailable resources , and as a way to access new technology/methods , we ca n't discount the use of protectionist strategies to secure for ourselves basic infrastructure as well as an advanced industrial-academic infrastructure for the future . 
  the `` bring the jobs back '' brigade is simply being belligerent about their use since they do n't understand how tricky they are . 
  you 're wasting your time . 
  there is still a belief that theresa may will be at some point negotiating with the member states , despite every single eu chamber and major national leader disagreeing . 
   i 'm beginning to see why no one in the uk seems to like you . 
  whatever you need to tell yourself . 
  careful there , that sort of negativity gets you accused of `` anti-british sentiment '' around here . 
  quickly , add some saccharine statement about it `` punching above it 's weight '' or `` having a lot of heart '' before it 's too late . 
  meh , we all march to the grave , and it was a long shot anyway to hope we 'd break the wheel of history . 
  at least in death it will have the nobility of all things which do n't have to work in an imperfect world . 
  it was nice enough to see it being tried . 
  the uk is not london . 
  i ca n't believe i have to tell you this , but there 's an entire country out there with a complete different view of the world than those living within the m25 . 
  but honestly , i 'm used to there being a willful ignorance surrounding the issues plagueing the country so am not surprised that my comments are taken as me `` peddling hatred '' . 
  having lived in scotland , it was obvious that anyone who was not in line with established norms was `` anti-english '' for speaking out . 
  there 's now a streak of reactionary accusations to any form of critical observation and now that you have figures such as gina miller fearing for her life , it 's hard to give credence than you can sweep it under the rug as `` one man 's biased scorn '' for long . 
  lots of tone/natural language corrections that are debatable , some good ( use of `` the '' , falsehood instead of `` a manipulation '' ) , some cheap shots ( `` wrong and inappropriate '' was fine ) . 
  i can tell one thing they missed though . 
  you would n't use the world `` recall '' like that . 
  edit : personal opinion : this is a few rungs bellow what an official statement should sound like which likely triggered the correction , but not nearly as bad as it 's made out . 
  although the long winded initial sentence needed to be broken up . 
  if people 's overwhelming reaction to government not always going their way is to vote a pandering self-serving psycopath into office , then there 's no reform we can do to stop that and it 's pointless to even try to engage politically anymore . 
  in romania i stand in opposition to the government 99 % of the time , but wo n't vote for an orban/erdogan figure to rule over me . 
  [ parliament is against further copyright expansion ] ( https://juliareda.eu/2017/03/comodini-report-copyright/ ) and we 've only just managed to get oettinger placed in limbo and away from the digital agenda portfolio . 
  all that is left is for people like you and me to vote in national governments which oppose supporting copyright rules that favour fossil businesses . 
  have you ? 
  if you 're far enough to the right everything start looking left wing . 
   you 're god damn right i am . 
  points for audacity . 
   are you praising theresa may , shitting on the eu , and getting upvotes in / r/europe ? 
  are you seriously going to try to pull of your fake victim complex in this thread ? 
  when a paper prints '' brussels hoists gross brexit ` bill ' to $ 100bn '' and we find out it 's actually it 's own calculation with it 's own methodology with no mention of that sum from the eu , yeah that 's lieing . 
  you can rationalize it any way you damn please , but it was not an official sum , it was n't even a mentioned sum , and there was no basis besides a misinterpretation of a request to even try to make it up . 
  but i guess it feeds certain dogmatic narratives , so i should just stand aside and let the patsies have their toy . 
   well i 'm sorry you think that way . 
  people do n't hate romanians , they just hate being lied to . 
  thank you for telling me what to think about my own personal experiences . 
   with the problems it causes being denied by those who really have the dominant voice in the media and politics . 
  and you still think you 're the underdog in the media . 
  it 's incredible how twisted people 's world views are . 
   the ft is significantly less partisan they literally made up a fake `` brexit bill '' , quoted a think tank for support , and passed it off as if they were the eu spokepeople . 
  you have to understand , we 're not really dealing with `` right-left bias '' as the west understands it from the cold war . 
  we 're dealing with a more pragmatic/cynical eastern european like phenomena : the domination of money and special interest , combined with populist pandering for circulation . 
  ft might just have wanted the clicks , or it might have wanted the publicity , or the editor might have owed someone a favour , but it was n't an factual account , as `` unpartisan '' as it might have been . 
  pr agencies actually write up already made articles and start handing them out , hoping for them to picked up . 
  watching the adamescu case , his lawyer did that until he hit an anti-eu arrest warrant think tank that had connection in the telegraph . 
  they also hit a former blairite foreign office official who wrote a report for them for another think tank , and then wrote an article sourcing his own report for the guardian . 
  it 's only obvious here because they do n't have to play the tory-labour game with romanian politics , but these people do n't really care they 're out for no . 
  part of the reason corbyn is getting flack is that the most well-embeded of labourites are from a different wing of the party . 
  time to start looking beyond `` party biases '' in anglo-media and see the media and influence empires that everyone else in the world is already familiar with . 
  let me tell you what a deep misunderstanding is . 
  when you is list the sun , daily mail , ft , times , independent and guardian and you think that between all of of them there is a shred of quality . 
  the fake alexandru adamescu did n't follow your perceived `` biases '' that keep you thinking some fairness exists in reporting between them , it followed the private person-to-person connections behind the think-thanks that feed the newspapers their information . 
  and if you think that all you got is `` bemusement and disconnect '' then you either have n't lived in the uk or are just telling porkies to soften the blow . 
  people hate the eu , they hate romanians , they feed of the non-sense given to them and spew it at you given the opportunity . 
  you did n't have a politician killed because of `` disconnect '' , your media perpetuates hate . 
  `` enemy of the people '' is printed in large letters and stand in every corner shop.there are snp members received anthrax threats at the moment , and you 're all just ignoring it the best you can . 
  you 've normalized a culture of mediatized hate-mongering . 
  cheers , i try to keep on the ball . 
  if you want to know more i suggest politico and its briefs , with occasional input of euractiv , eurobserver and whatever pops up on euwatch.eu . 
  le monde and faz are also good , but are mostly focused on domestic affairs rarely going into eu gossip . 
  but do n't trust anything with . co.uk at the end .
