  also , learn from the liberal democrats from the uk . 
  they 've done the same thing i said , but they never added the substance . 
  they never grew a political spine . 
  do n't be them , have a spine , have a plan , to support that dedication . 
  do n't get into mud fights with pigs . 
  find good manageable policies and political platforms , and thump them hard in public . 
  be louder , be clearer , and most importantly , be effective . 
  that ... actually might work splendidly . 
  there is absolutely nothing says how they have to go about choosing the candidate . 
  it 's how the spitzenkandidat system got in . 
  i think you just simplified the entire process to getting that first step settled . 
  a hard task , nonetheless , but by comparison a breeze . 
  i mean , it 's self-evident is n't it ? 
  learn the history of federations , and apply them to the present . 
  i unfortunately lack the skill , expertise and time . 
  but the cross-referencing of the federalist papers , the anti-federalist papers , american history , and our own requirements should be a priority right now . 
  i 'm doing my best with the little i have . 
  but the details are way too convoluted . 
   i hope it could work as in the us . 
  the us is perfect the peak example of : did n't want to federalize , did it because it was forced to . 
  even after the articles of confederation were replaced , the ideological fight against any form of central government or even political parties was fierce . 
  most of the institutional fuck-ups in the us come from that half-assed attempt at federalization . 
  for example , the electoral college which for the 4th time in its short history voted the candidate that lost the popular vote , and could have a candidate win with about 25 % if he played his cards right . 
  the weird federal reserve system was because of it . 
  the independence of the intelligence agencies from state supervision was because of it . 
  the civil right abuses , and the resulting state rights abuses to tackle them was because of it . 
  hell , the confederates actually lost a lot of battles simply because their idea of armed forces had each state having their own troops and strategy . 
  one of which was : dig in and let everyone else sort it out . 
  among other examples of petty minded foolishness that their system provided . 
  here 's a wikipedia list of responsibilities of the swiss government . 
  you 'll most of the departments which have similar responsibilities to the eu commission , and a few extra : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federal_administration_of_switzerland i 'd be quite surprised if you could name one responsibility the eu commission has that the swiss government does n't . 
  edit : list of eu directorates to help : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_civil_service#directorates-general, 
   voting again for a constitution and becoming a federal state is the first step . 
  that 's not a reasonable request . 
  you ca n't just say `` democracy , responsibility and rule of law '' and hope people see the benefits immediately . 
  focus on tangible projects with good results . 
  focus on plans with clear delineated steps . 
  focus on reforms that are self-evidently good . 
  if you do that , when the europhobes start crying about the moves you 're suggesting , you can easily point out their motivations : opposing good plans based on narrow ideology , knee-jerk reactions to change . 
  it 's what they 've always done , but they could always say that the status quo is the better option than reform , but that has never been and is definitely no longer the case . 
  apparently the public in the uk do n't want that . 
  outside the island , things seem to be a bit different : http://www.politico.eu/article/europe-union-brexit-eurobarometer/, 
   there is no european people because there is no federal europe . 
  i think this is a dire sort of view . 
  there is a european people . 
  in fact , in the east joining the eu was in many ways seen as `` joining europe '' , a right of passage . 
  may people might not even consider themselves european in fact , especially in the west . 
  but if you ask them about democracy , equality , the rule of law , the right to security , even basic thoughts about family and work by and large they will find themselves sharing similar ideals , similar desires . 
  there are europeans , they want a european life , but we have n't really enunciated that desire clearly yet . 
  we are , like children , learning to talk , mouthing words slowly . 
  but the language is the language of an european life . 
  we do n't have catch phrases , or shorthands for it yet , but we can recognize them on sight . 
   the eu is trying to make a military . 
  but someone keeps fucking it up in not that simple . 
  here 's an article that maps current resistance to even basic military cooperation improvements : http://www.votewatch.eu/blog/what-chances-for-a-real-european-common-security-and-defense-policy/ if your state government is red , and you do n't understand or agree with their position , please contact them . 
  a weak central government that can decide foreign policy and has a unitary armed force command . 
  in fact those are the main two powers the cantons gave to the swiss government . 
  that weak central government is therefore still more powerful than the eu government . 
  it 's not a dictatorship if it 's the people 's stick they are beating you with . 
  my 2 eurocents , as realistic as can be while still getting the job done . 
  integrate the eurozone into the eu . 
  establish a common fiscal policy by creating a new directorate to handle it . 
  launch a `` new deal '' road/energy infrastructure construction program in the east and south . 
  try to favor certain technologies western companies are better at to even out the benefits of the program and give incentive for richer countries to fund it . 
  there is never anything that can be done about demagoguery except being good and swift at governing . 
  competence does n't silence critics but it does dis-empower them . 
  look at the `` illiberal democracies '' , their entire shtick is strongman fast decision making . 
  we need to do that without the democratic deficit . 
  establish a eu military headquarters and empower the high representative to set a common foreign policy framework to be voted on by the council , instead of having the council decide policy and pass it on to the high representative . 
  design by committee is not a nice term . 
  shrug . 
  not our problem if we can avoid it . 
  i 've been trying to remain somewhat realistic so saying : create eu intelligent agency out of the european counter terrorism center in europol , is being way too brave . 
  intelligence agencies are notoriously territorial . 
  finally , best for last . 
  put cameras in the european council summits . 
  break their little g27 pretend party and force them to act like actual public officials . 
  no more little paper where they can say how well they 're cooperating while doing nothing over champagne and fancy dinners . 
  maybe they 'll stop trying to run the whole union from them . 
   ever since juncker the european parliament has decided to reject any candidate who was n't their choice and their choice is the guy from the party that has the most seats . 
  they 're apparently planning to ignore the parliament next time and go ahead without them . 
  i 'm not sure how it will happen , but considering the public mood , they might just never ask them and treat their chosen commissioner as de-facto in charge while the parliament finds no one cares and goes back to business as usual i 'm preparing myself emotionally for that dark day . 
  at least it wo n't be tanks shelling it , just gentle sinking into apathy . 
   that would be like calling the head of public/civil service in a country the `` head of state '' . 
  there is actually a eu civil service separate from the commission . 
  the commission is actually expected to be somewhat more political than that.also , more easily removed . 
   he is not even the only president it is really confusing is n't it . 
  juncker is a president that 's actually a premier . 
  schulz is a president that 's actually a speaker of the house . 
  and tusk is the only president that could be considered a president . 
  and then the president of the eurogroup comes in and reminds just how big of a mess everyone is in regarding naming things . 
  the council is really really weird . 
  it has far more power than a president would in a semi-presidential system , while being a seat shared by 28 people . 
  i think that 's actually the main confusion . 
  the fact that the council is trying to act like the president rather than treating itself as a chamber of states . 
  and it does n't even have to , it clearly ca n't manage to set foreign policy , it could just delegate the responsibility to the high representative , the council president or the commission , but it wants so badly to be relevant and in charge . 
  the thing is that , as of now , the eu functions like a parliamentary democracy , minus the head of state , almost exactly . 
  even the legislative initiative is merely a de-jure acceptance of what is already de-facto in most parliamentary democracies . 
  it 's not said out loud , but it 's form is very similar to the germany system minus the existance of a head of state . 
  nature teaches another important lesson : sometimes things go extinct .
