  so something must be done , this is something , so it must be done ? 
  let me check umberto eco 's list of fascist traits :  the cult of action for action 's sake . 
  `` action being beautiful in itself , it must be taken before , or without , any previous reflection . 
  thinking is a form of emasculation . '' oh , look , there it is . 
  because of course , any action against the status quo must be good , and in no possible way is it a power grab posing as justice like turkey 's hunt for `` the deep state '' or russia 's nationalizations and assassinations of oligarchs . 
  dictators free themselves and enslave the people . 
  so the solution is ideological purging by the party committees ? 
  you do realize that 's exactly what they did during communism right ? 
  or is 30 years ancient history now ? 
  are you mad ? 
  if romania follows the same path , i 'd hope they 'd try to push article 7 otherwise we 're screwed . 
  the eu gains nothing from turning into the largest club of dysfunctional states in the world . 
  better a small eu capable of defending it 's members than the clusterfuck that would happen if we allow mini-russias to develop . 
   do n't pretend like you 're better or more civilized than us . 
  the reason eu countries are not at war or hostile with each other is central authority and propaganda , just the same as in yugoslavia . 
  utter self-serving apologism for the nationalist revival following the sanu memorandum on your end . 
  yugoslavia was n't a country destined to die , it was killed by idiots who wanted a bigger piece of the pie and revive their delusions of national grandour . 
  the utter clusterfuck that followed is utterly the fault of those people , and to think that others would fall in the same trap is arrogance of the greatest order . 
  really like how israel , turkey , hungary , and poland are getting increasingly `` on message '' regarding the eu , without a single eyebrow being raised . 
  even his expanded line could be cut into any one of those countries names :  `` europe must decide if it wants to live and prosper or wither and disappear . 
  i see you 're shocked because i 'm not being politically correct ... we 're part of the european culture . 
  europe ends in israel . 
  east of israel , there 's no more europe ... 
  i suggest you first help us and europe by expediting agreements with us and sending a message to your colleagues in europe on how to help europe . '', 
  it 's the exact same gist as the trump speech in poland . 
  europe is dieing , we are the bulwark of european culture , support us for us must be unthinking and automatic . 
  and yet , we 're treating all of these autocrats as if they 're part of seperate factions while they 're all reading from the same playbook . 
  personally i have n't actually seen any support from the east materialize . 
  feel free to correct me . 
  and the sanction are in fact the weakest thing we could muster . 
  they do n't really work , they in fact help putin by caging his puppet oligarchs in and giving him a siege narrative to feed the public while removing western economic ties in preparation for future conflict . 
  but we are incapable of doing anything else but sanctions , so we uphold them like we 're doing something massive . 
  we should be enacting a `` sphere of influence '' policy and secure the eastern partnership countries while infiltrating russian domestic politics , instead the exact opposite is happening as russia pulls serbia and armenia into it 's sphere , infiltrates us through hungary and sets up pro-russian/anti-eu autocratic regimes , and uses gas to undermine unity with balkan and german industry . 
  considering hungary , poland and russia , then turkey is following pretty damn closely the `` european values '' that are now in vogue in the east . 
  the eu itself has no ability to have it 's own foreign policy , only member states can . 
  this protects `` teh soverenteh '' . 
  and the members states are either western has-been powers incapable of offering much , or post-communist slave-mentality vassals without any position of their own . 
  [ same in russia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_presidential_election,_2012 ) . 
  perfectly democratic state , right ? 
  poland is not the first `` illiberal democracy '' that we 've seen develop . 
  it 's in it 's early stages , but the path is well walked by now , there are no surprised anymore . 
  but apparently not against one party state , autocratic rule , or feigned patriotism . 
  you clearly have n't heard the propaganda coming out of hungary , poland , and romania . 
  it 's pretty much the same nationalist conservatism chauvinism that was active during communism . 
  they changed the paint from red , but it 's the same tactics all over again . 
  could n't care less about george soros . 
  in fact , i 'd gladly help him off this world to remove a weapon from orban 's arsenal . 
  it 's the feudalization of hungary that is the problem . 
  but i 'm not surprised at the guardian . 
  of all the so-called `` liberal '' papers , it 's sounds more likely a left-wing strawman than a sensible news source , and their connections with the blairites is damning . 
  i do n't think you 're wrong , but i think the key words are `` in the field '' . 
  with some complementary certification ( finance , accounting , business ) to help , you could pivot into a different one . 
  the issue , imo , is that it would require a lot of networking since you 'd be left without a stable career path . 
  unfortunately the uk got rid of their mandarins in the 90 's , leaving them defenseless against the bataille des bureaux . 
  why do you say that ? 
  from what i know a law degree , even without undergoing the equivalence exams , is highly sought after for the show of ability alone , as long as you can speak the native fluently . 
   this is n't the full story . 
  there 's still an annual budget and the multi annual framework is just to set a maximum that the annual budget can go up to . 
  the eu is very explicit that it is n't a budget it any way . 
  a budget would actually have given it less legal power not more . 
  a budget is a promise by the eu to pay out , while the mff is a promise for the states to pay in as well as the rough outlines of a the payout to follow . 
  arguing it 's not a budget is a dead-end , really . 
  it 's just a chance to waste words . 
   it 's an agreement that is enshrined under the treaties which are clearly ended by article 50 . 
  that means both the uk 's and the eu 's obligations under the treaties stop . 
  `` the treaties '' as specified by art . 
  50 ( 3 ) refers to the lisbon treaty and the treaty on the functioning of the european union as specified by the lisbon treaty in general provision , paragraph 2 ( a ) , namely :  ` the union shall be founded on the present treaty and on the treaty on the functioning of the european union ( hereinafter referred to as `` the treaties '' ) . 
  those two treaties shall have the same legal value . 
  the union shall replace and succeed the european community . ' . 
  it does ** not ** refer to all the agreements the uk signed up in the meantime . 
  and this means an argument made that art50 ( 3 ) dispenses with all agreements made while in the eu is severely flawed . 
   this is mistaken and not what the eu is arguing . 
  the uk is n't contractually obliged to pay anything after leaving . 
  hence the negotiations . 
  the eu hopes that by the end they 'll be able to draw up an agreement with the uk that results in the uk being contractually obliged to pay . 
  like i said , the legal liability of the uk outside the eu is limited by the anarchic state of the international court system . 
  the negotiations are an attempt to settle the amount of obligation without litigation , do n't assume that this dissolves the previous agreement as not constituting a contractual obligation . 
  while the obligation does not have the same backing as a average person 's idea of a contract , it still put both parties into a dispute over their word . 
  besides / u/standy85 's point , the issue relates to the issue of financial commitments made by the british state to the eu . 
  because of a host of historical reasons , ironically including thatchers rebate , the eu 's budget is largely comprised of sums given by the national governments , and those sums are kept track of as such . 
  these sums are planned in 7 years frameworks , where the member states promise to commit a certain level of financial support to the eu for the duration , including an actual signing ceremony of the produced document . 
  now outside the seven year multi-annual financial framework , there are a host of other such commitments made of which the uk participates . 
  so , this is n't really about a balance of payments . 
  net contributors do n't automatically need to pay less than net beneficiaries when leaving . 
  this is an issue of an international agreement which , because of brexit , is extremely inconvenient to the uk . 
  as a side note , the eu is mutually obligated to maintain it 's own payments into the uk for projects it has signed up to . 
  it 's in the nature of such contractual obligations to bite a party in the ass at an inconvenient time , since if that were n't a possibility then such a signed agreement would n't be needed in the first place . 
  but since no one knew brexit was on the cards when those promises were made , no one bothered to add clauses or other arrangements that would get the uk off the hook for commitments it made thinking it was staying for the foreseeable future . 
  in short , everyone made and signed a contract to maintain a stable set of payments and dispersal of the eu budget for 7 years . 
  brexit is happening in the middle of that time frame . 
  so everyone is trying to keep thing rolling based on that agreement , rather than breach it and cause outright havoc on finances . 
  this might not have any legal validity outside the eu , international agreements are notoriously fickle things , but it there 's a court out there than can try it , we 'd likely win since signed is signed . 
  edit : ironically , if the eu was actually a federal state capable of raising it 's own funding , these commitments would n't be there and the uk would be free of payment and might even argue it would have some of the assets as a piece of the state . 
  but since the eu is largely arrange as a `` supra-national '' organization , with the states seen as participating resources it acts more like an international club where payments are made for membership and resources are part of this exterior organization if not just borrowed/rented off member states . 
  supporter of political faction attempting a soft coup calls request for support against them pathetic . 
  surprise . 
  if we 'd been more responsive to that sort of thing in turkey , we might have avoided a lot of trouble . 
  same in romania , and wherever the weeds took root . 
  i 'm against the `` historical regions '' crap since it 's mostly emotional nostalgia for its own sake , but some autonomy/federalization of technical regions is really needed . 
  the south-west is pretty much abandoned by bucharest , and we 'd be screwed without the steady influx of european funds .
