  lead integration efforts on our terms and with our people positioned in first . 
  and in concord beat down france and germany as a voting block . 
  we can do this , but we need a bit more than talking about `` muh sovereignty '' and how the eu is oppressing us . 
  the problem is we are n't . 
  we are obstructionists , waiting to be cut down . 
  and if we continue on this strategy we will be cut down . 
  that is not a theory , that is a fact . 
  weed , sport and eu economic boom . 
  roman emperors could n't hope for better . 
  let 's just hope the new surprise families keep seeing the benefits for the next 18 years . 
  we 'd be making them lots of profit in the eea or under an fta as well . 
  they could have treated us like they treat africa and made us economic colonies . 
  the uk with it 's desire to keep us in our own countries to work the mines for peanuts while they exported us finished good definetly was pushing for something along those lines , but they also needed voting allies . 
  and we 've all been such nice and predictable trojan horses for them . 
  perfect , now all we need is a major defeat and vassalization and our little re-enactment will be complete . 
  edit : oops , forgot to do the `` many arrows together '' parable . 
  damn . 
  often poorly , especially if not under the direct command of a main hegemony . 
  you 're pretty much making a mistake as old as the achaean league and social wars and repeated every century or so every time a bunch of independent armed forces think wishful thinking and happy thoughts can replace structure and cohesion . 
  this is not be being dramatic , this is me taken that role that has likely always been taken of pointing out that this is a crap idea , that will lead to defeat against a unified force even a fraction it 's size , largely out of a false sense of self-importance and self-reliance . 
  now , take your historical role , ignore the advice and join the rest of the cautionary tales . 
  you know , you 're perfectly right . 
  maybe i have jumped the gun here . 
  i should give them a few more years , they 're just warming up . 
  the question is if poles will allow poland to go full ceausescu ? 
  it 's pretty clear the current government is actually holding itself back . 
  this is them being moderate . 
  `` i know it 's shit so i seek safety in false equivalence and the extremism of other people '', 
  how do you organize the discussions ? 
  between which people ? 
  how are commands transmitted ? 
  how are responsibilities and tasks assigned ? 
  how are mistakes and faults reviewed and corrected ? 
  simply put asking for `` coordination and cooperation '' in place of integration is more often than not a vague way of saying `` do nothing , because i have no idea '' . 
  while any sufficiently advanced form of coordination to actually give a result will be qualitatively indistinguishable from integration , because it needs some sort of integration . 
  how ? 
  and how do you think that can be done without integration ? 
  the polish taliban proving they do n't need middle eastern immigrants to become a middle eastern country . 
  romania had dealt with this stupidity , and we 've learned how toxic it can be . 
  after that `` we do n't want to be part of europol , but can we please get an exception and sort of be part of europol '' debacle , i 'm pretty sure this wo n't try to include denmark or anyone else who is n't quite sure where they stand in the union . 
  it 's becoming clear the eu expanded too fast and an opportunity has presented itself to undo a lot of past damage . 
  why would they do that when they can just kick you out ? 
  eastern europeans are really giving themselves airs these days . 
  time was no one was even sure we 'd be allowed in the eu , now we think we 're doing france and germany a favour by staying . 
  it 's a form of madness . 
  it 's cheap but it 's also croatia . 
  if croatian service workers start asking more more , there are few locations in the eu that can compare . 
  but if this pattern continues , they can bring romanian or bulgarian workers to work on croatian beaches for less than an average croatian . 
  i 'm thinking this in the long term `` what happens when we 're on the receiving end of this policy '' way . 
  i do n't want to be told i should employ myself in the macedonian branch and get paid less while still working and living in romania or get fired . 
  the eu is n't involved in nord stream 2 . 
  all the members , east and germany , were careful to avoid having the eu make a political decision . 
  all complaints were limited to economic regulations , which did n't apply . 
  this is another example why intergovernmental negotiation does n't work , and why the eu is needed to stop germany by vote instead of asking it nicely . 
  i 'm growing numb to the many times the eu is blamed for 19th century politics prefered by the eurosceptics . 
  [ this is what happens when you turn the eu into a purely economic entity . 
  ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/reuters/2017/06/15/business/15reuters-germany-estonia-nordstream.html ), 
  people who know of the bengal famine , the batang kali massacre , of the mau mau uprising , of the events in ireland , the concentration camps in south africa , all the way to the great famine and the peterloo massacre , would say that saying it 's incomparable is only a shade shy of utter cheek . 
  tanks and machine guns in glasgow on `` blood friday '' . 
  young men executed for eastern rising . 
  black and tans , bombings in belfast and the removal of devolution in ni . 
  the winter of discontent and the fall of labour . 
  then there 's the scandals and forgotten inquiries : cash for honours , cash for influence , cash for question . 
  leveson pretty much covered up without a trace . 
  that 's what i can remember off the top of my head for the last century . 
  you guys have a very rosy view of your own history . 
  that 's exactly what it is doing . 
  arguing for lower wages for it 's people . 
  if that goes against their stated ideology , it makes their stated ideology a lie does n't it ? 
  i think i 'm getting the measure of you , millz . 
  let me guess , loyal pis supporter ? 
  that would explain a lot . 
  we could also give the hungarian company the right to pay their workers in a handfull potatoes instead of money , and ignore worker safety . 
  that would also improve competition . 
  there is a sweat spot here where we can allow fair competition , without destroying the east chances of ever catching up with the west . 
  but it ca n't be done by turning us into the equivalent of large labour camps , where average people are trotted out to build for the west and then sent back to the happiest barracks . 
  i think you hit the nail on the head and got it . 
  both are being somewhat unreasonable in their demands , but there is a clear middle ground there that a sensible person can see clearly . 
  that is not how it works . 
  if the company has a branch in hungary it uses for this stuff , then the hungarian worker will be `` encouraged '' to `` stay '' in hungary or be replaced with someone else from hungary or from another eastern country . 
  and if hungarian unions start gaining ground croation or bulgarian `` temporary '' workers will be transfered to hungary to teach them a lesson . 
  see , all the power is with the corporation not the person . 
  and are you seriously hoping to be the west 's sweatshop ? 
  is that the ambition there ? 
  do better !, 
  to begin with , that competition is exactly the reason the cohesion funds exist , to give back to the community . 
  secondly , this is not even about getting outcompeted with hungarian worker . 
  this is the hungarian worker being turned into cheap labour even outside hungary , pretty much second class citizens . 
  the issue is that it 's an abuse of an eu system made specifically to allow free movement of workers within a company , called the [ posted workers directive 1996 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/posted_workers_directive_1996 ) . 
  normally it would only involve temporary transfers , but it 's being used on a more permanent basis to replace local workers , while denying transferred workers western wages despite working in western countries with western prices . 
  so it 's european law not french , and is not so much being broken , but being abused . 
  honestly , you 're engaging in more than a bit of self-victimization . 
  eastern workers want higher wages . 
  western workers want eastern worker to have higher wages . 
  there 's no conflict there . 
  but the polish government want those western companies to locate branches in poland they can then use to keep polish worker wages low and taxing them on the profit they make as a result , because you do n't notice the wages you 're not getting you notice the job that you now have despite the fact that you might have it anyway minus the legal loophole . 
  this is not a battle where the polish government can take the moral highground . 
  they are actively trying to keep polish wages low despite their workers being perfectly able to work their jobs under the western labour agreements . 
  despite the privacy concerns , and despite the likely sarcasm , i think this is a step in the right direction . 
  all of us have phone tapping and home search laws .
