  so we need to adapt and make the tower of babel work . 
  we 're very much in the crossroads approached by the former intermarium . 
  the people back then took one path , and they failed . 
  we 're lucky enough to get to choose again . 
   they mistook peacefulness for cowardice , and consensus seeking for inability to act . 
  honestly , so did we . 
  compromise has become code word for `` do nothing '' in pan-european politics . 
  in the end , they were n't wrong . 
  and in the 1980 's you 'd be complaining , but instead of the euro being to weak , you 'd be saying that the dm is too strong and that 's the reason for german economic might . 
  if the dm was truly too strong then german 's would do what the swiss did and , surprise , inflate . 
  because they 'd be able to do that if they cared to . 
  not that they 'd want to because for the past 10 years they 've been fighting to keep inflation low , because when you 're on an economic high you do n't need steady inflation as much as everyone else does . 
  you 're pretty much rehashing a myopic argument that 's been going on for decades and honestly is silly . 
  a germany that has control of it 's monetary policy is not going to be less competitive than one that does n't . 
  not that the monetary policy plays that big a role in why it 's doing well anyway . 
  the actual reason , the reason a lot of anglo-media has chosen to not tell you because it 's hard to understand is that hartz iv happened before the crisis in the rest of europe , and the germans were quick to integrate industries with eastern europe to bring down costs . 
  end of story . 
  they were always a danger . 
  we knew it back when bush jr was in charge . 
  we put a lot of our wellbeing in an office we do not elect , and who even has dubious public accountability to his own country due to the broken electoral and party system . 
  and to agencies who 's only goal was to protect the interest of that country as a world hegemony . 
  we kept betting our interest would align , occasionally we bent to make it happen , but the failure was only a matter of time . 
  it 's best if it happens now and in stages and we come out as equals , rather than wait for the critical collapse . 
  read up on the 80 's european economic scene and the plaza accords . 
  complaints about german dominance , and the scapegoating of the currency is an old trick . 
  it 's the reason germany was pushed into the euro in the first place . 
  the french thought that the de-facto use of the dm as a european currency was hurting their industry , and by creating a common currency they would negate the benefit . 
  they were wrong . 
  it 's not the currency . 
  people will fall in line . 
  good or bad , it will become a point of pride which by challenging it would shake the foundations of public esteem . 
  britain has and always will punch above it 's weight . 
  that 's the line that has to be toed , whether by someone wearing a blue rosette or red . 
  i never thought i 'd see the day . 
  i always though the russophiles and atlanticists are too embedded in the european political machines to ever see this happen . 
  i should be ecstatic . 
  but honestly , i 'm worried . 
  the established politicians have always been eager to play nice with the big player , if they 've changed their mind they did it under extreme pressure . 
   eu army or no , i think think france will have to take it 's own responsibility for defending such remote outposts . 
  they ca n't exactly expect others to help them there . 
  would disagree . 
  mostly as a defensive measure against hearing western europeans talk about not wanting to worry about our security since we 're far away anyway . 
  we start making exceptions , and we might become one . 
  but also out of a sense of brotherly solidarity with our western cousins . 
  and would extend the same courtesy with the netherlands if their issues with venezuela flare up . 
  i 'd say pan-european federalism is indispensable to nationalism . 
  nationalism while the world is in anarchy eventually leads to competition and warfare for scarce resources , and the eventual domination of one nation over another . 
  globalism provides the resources through wto/un-like voluntary organization , but never solves the anarchy . 
  the only way for nationalism to prosper as envisioned by the revolutionaries of 1848 is to create a civil society of nations , bound by rules with inherent rights . 
  heh , i admit , when i saw it i said to myself : this will cause someone to have a fit , i should post this . 
  you did not disappoint . 
  does n't matter , for hungarians is a matter of principle/perceptions . 
  it 's enough to give it sufficient media overage to keep it in the public consciousness during elections . 
  was just a fun fact , cheers for the correction . 
  not a big fan of crowns , but really like the helmet on the floral pattern . 
  kudos to the maker . 
  it will all break down by by spring 2018 , causing a new refugee crisis . 
  why spring 2018 ? 
  [ to support a friend of a friend . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/next_hungarian_parliamentary_election ), 
  bit of a joke . 
  `` be confident , but not too confident . '', 
  is a hard target to not take a swipe at . 
  chill . 
  apparently it was in the middle of a prolonged proxy war between various powers , with none really coming out ahead . 
  interestingly enough , at the end of the 1500s it saw the only muslim and gipsy voievod of the pricipates , stefan razvan . 
  he was part of the alliance with mihai viteazu , vlach/roman , and sigismund b\u00e1thory , hungarian , which would eventually lead to our first unification . 
  never stop being weird romania . 
   `` it is just important we ( you ) know that and feel confident . '' bit of a 180 from back in 2014 when he asked them to bottle it . 
  the issue is that it makes doing anything in the area immensely harder , including exploiting the new southern gas field . 
  it also keeps a `` frozen conflict '' open to reheating . 
  overall this makes everyone on the island poorer and less secure . 
  at least the public do n't mind , i guess , but in my opinion that 's the only `` benefit '' gained by keeping the status quo . 
  [ `` they free themselves , but they enslave the people . 
  '' ] ( https://youtu.be/9dgpo9xbipa?t=251 ), 
  soviet states during de-stalinization apparently made abortion legal as part of a general move to increase personal freedoms , although not political ones . 
  we had a small period before decretul 770 where it was legal as well , but then ceausescu banned it for pretty much the same reason as pis here . 
   are you still operating under the illusion that the uk will remain in the eu ? 
  sad . 
  you think this is about what i want ? 
  fool yourself , but watch to see the hard brexiteers turn on thatcher 2 slowly as time goes on . 
  you think andrew neil 's grilling was a sign of his lack of bias , he knows what 's up . 
  she 's trying to outmaneuver half of her cabinet . 
  the half he sides with . 
  what , can i say ? 
  man should not have take the role of report writer and messenger if he did n't want his role in the development of that report questioned . 
  either you 're the objective researcher of a polling organization , or you 're making statements in the media . 
   read the manifesto . 
  she is committed to the uk leaving the single market , leaving the customs union , leaving the common agricultural policy and leaving the common fisheries policy . 
  we already won all the debates . 
  i imagine you also fell for the cameron 's big society spiel . 
  this is someone who actually turned around on a manifesto promise days after releasing it . 
  how much do you think the rest is worth ? 
  check the opinion that are coming from the continent . 
  all the other governments want may to get a safe majority . 
  they know she 's angling for a non-exit brexit , and that 's the reason for the secrecy . 
  the only problem has been she thinks she can get eu concessions to make it happen . 
   someone hit me up with a history of failed walls , because most of the big ones i can think of have been pretty effective in achieving their goals . 
  i 'd like to hear of these success . 
  the history of static defenses is actually quite dire .
