  there 's a lot that goes into employment calculations . 
  the more people you 're competing with , the more arbitrary those calculations get . 
  and employers are usually betting you 're going to have a few months of getting your head around what you 're doing anyway , so why not go for good enough skills and a show of initiative . 
  this is n't always the case . 
  there 's way too many `` want 2 years of experience in the industry , and 4 years experience in blah '' , but that 's management trying to filter our as many people as possible . 
  or someone in hr being bad at their job . 
   there are finite places at universities . 
  right now the number is based on number of people who finished high school during population boom - like over 500 000 finishing high school . 
  there are 300 000 now and the number of places is way too high . 
  there needs to be decrease of places without decrease of funding . 
  yeah , i get the fact that you work on a quota system , that 's fair . 
   idk , there are quite a lot of companies coming to us and trying to employ us . 
  i 'd rather have university to teach us important stuff and not push some strange social agendas . 
  that 's not networking . 
  those are companies trying to grab people young and cheap before they know better . 
  mind you , they 're not all bad , many just need the people . 
  but the banks circling around computing science departments waiting to waste 5 years of a young person 's life draining them until they decide they had enough is not promising . 
  pay is good though . 
  and no one is pushing `` weird social agendas '' , that 's a bit extreme . 
  `` we need experienced aerospace engineer , why do n't we employ my drinking partner from erasmus , with whom we spend half a year drinking , smoking and not attending lectures ? '', 
  actually it happens the other way around . 
  you find out the company has openings , you tell your friend to send a cv . 
  but yeah , that 's kind of it , that 's how life works . 
  and simply knowing there 's a position available is enormous amounts of help . 
   strange attitude . 
  high school education should be more specialized , trying to form everyone into one shape is a bad idea . 
  i 'm probably lucky to go to school which attitude could be best described as `` do n't try to prevent people from achieving greatness in what they are the best '' . 
  the amount of people i know sent into the wrong direction because of `` what they are best at '' , i could tell you . 
  the long and short of the lesson is `` what you 're best at , is what you love doing '' . 
  because when you have to re-learn your job every year or so , it pays to actually have a passion for the thing . 
  this is something the over-specialized math-info departments back home had no idea of . 
  so they shoved people who should have been given better direction in life , into something they hated because `` they could do math '' . 
  people who could draw , and might have made it big in graphic design , `` shove them in architecture '' . 
  show a small proficiency to memory `` shove them in medical . '', 
  high schools in eastern europe are like factories of regret and wasted talent . 
   they are paying to volunteer ? 
  that 's really funny . 
  in my country , top 10 high school are exclusively public - owned by government , only criterium for admission being gymnasium exam scores . 
  there are probably 1-2 private hs in top 50 . 
  yeah , they are paying for the volunteering , the direction in doing it , the public speaking/presentation lessons , so and so forth . 
  it 's part of the international baccalaureate program . 
  look at it to see what considered a good education these days , because if i had kids and money that would be where i 'd send them . 
  the public high school education in romania was missing a lot . 
  it 's stuck in `` factory worker '' production mode . 
   yes , and then live under the bridge after you finished your term . 
  better than nothing . 
  i wish i had half the opportunities westerners had in high school . 
  these days i 'm finding myself fixing the broken misconceptions of university students from the east who need to be told `` do projects , join clubs , start companies/volunteering '' because that cv needs to show some shine and go to the hackathons/networking events . 
  because they 're parents told that what you seem to think : `` study hard and people will notice '' . 
  hah , i wish . 
  about technical colleges : they 're great . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i know joiners that now own several houses . 
  but doing them should be a private-market based decision . 
  not everyone needs to do university , but everyone needs to decide their direction in life for themselves . 
  having an `` algorithm '' based on anything else than learning ability will create market distortions . 
  all of what you said made me wonder : do you not have free education and student bursaries in poland ? 
  edit : also `` tightening the belt '' might have the opposite effect of what you think . 
  i mentioned somewhere else that the major weakness of stem education in eastern europe is that students do n't have the connections or the education to get those connections to leverage it . 
  you cut them off from doing it in erasmus , and you might just get a bunch of highly educated unemployed people . 
  this is the trap with the `` cut off excess '' proposals . 
  that `` excess '' can provide added value . 
  it 's pretty much why education in the west is going to shit . 
  they 're cutting off `` excess '' like the humanities , clubs and computer science ( shit you not ) from high schools . 
  meanwhile rich kids get thrown into `` well-rounded '' private academies where they 're expected to do volunteer work and lead post-curricular social programs . 
  erasmus actually gives the poor a leg up over the rich , not the other way around , by providing a portion of the funding most people would never be able to manage . 
  and we do all of that . 
  and this as well . 
  listen , do n't think small . 
  big tech companies spend millions on `` employee welfare '' , `` team building '' and `` global networking '' projects because they know the inherent but non-obvious value of socializing programs . 
  i know you want to be `` serious and dutiful '' about things . 
  but bang for buck , mixing business and play works . 
  companies that stagnate into `` colour by numbers '' thinking get moved to china , where original thought and intelectual cross-pollination is n't needed to produce a widget . 
  as far as i 'm concerned `` orgasmus '' serves as a very good platform for creating cross-continental networks . 
  and if the shape it takes is `` orgies '' to go with the foreign education , fuck it , why not , we 're europeans . 
  ten times healthier than binge drinking or whatever the americans do . 
  never participated in it btw , just to clarify i 've got no horse in this race . 
  if it 's crazy to say that a company in the business of selling news will slant its articles in such a way as to maximize its sales without any consideration of quality , then yeah i 'm clearly insane . 
  reuter does n't do good fact-checking . 
  it 's articles are usually inconsistent snapshots of the latest media echo-chamber . 
  this is n't even about bias , it 's about quality . 
  and arguing that being the largest news service has any value is really strange considering that if we take the uk , for example , the newspaper with the most sales is the sun , well known for being trash . 
  reuter 's a pretty bad source tbh . 
  do n't know where it got it 's reputation from . 
   would n't romania benifit from infrastructure upgrades to come closer to western standards ? 
  yup . 
  but it 's an election year . 
  the current government is against it , the president is against it , but ... shrug . 
  politics . 
  but that has a lot to do with the amount of respect , and so funding , some big names can get despite being horrifying people in every other way and likely have not been in a lab or work environment for half a decade . 
  the business enviroment is less about big names needing sucking up to , and a lot with `` push '' . 
  finding out how to let people find out what you can do . 
  and after a few years to a decade of doing that , if you 're good , you then start getting phone calls from companies trying to grab you , or headhunters running down their expertise lists , or agents looking for clients . 
  another decade or two of that , and you get consultancy work ... sweet , sweet consultancy work . 
  they are n't completely forgotten . 
  we 're still running in market economies , money matters , and loosing money matters more . 
  if you feel like you 're in a toxic environment , get out . 
  office politics are never nice , but they do n't have to be `` give up on humanity '' level either . 
  what are you suggesting then ? 
  make fun illegal for the duration of an erasmus session ?
