  and china/india are definitely on the far end of diminishing returns . 
  the eu as a whole is fairly well placed in terms of size and volume to be at the optimum of that curve . 
  only as mutually agreed aspect of a ceasefire . 
  it has worked , well - ish , in the yugo war . 
  but a ceasefire is a temporary peace at best , that hints at future division , so we might not want to put our resources into that . 
  it would be like trying to guard a self-igniting powderkeg . 
  if we try to throw manned humanitarian aid at it , without political strings attached , we might get good will . 
  we 'd likely be extending the conflict by a bit , but whoever wins might have a more favorable opinion of us . 
  might being the key word . 
  then there 's the `` safe zone '' option , where we pick a side , back them in exchange for having us create zones of return . 
  seems it 's roughly what the italian government is going for with the official regime . 
  but backing the loosing side means trouble later , backing a winning side no one likes means even more trouble . 
  overall , we need someone in charge and on-top of this to figure it out . 
  not a bunch of roughly made plans . 
  delegation is a precious art . 
  listen , when rome beat carthage it was n't a matter of population . 
  japan 's revival from the unfair treaties while china fell apart did n't either . 
  neither did napoleon making a fool of every single monarch in europe . 
  you 're oversimplifying civilization to a numbers game . 
  but it 's all about non-obvious multiplying effects that stack . 
  the `` population game '' is actually a counter-productive strategy , and will only get more counter-productive the more technology advances . 
  i hope you realize , minus the `` buy land '' part that is what a lot of the new deals like the one with nigeria are based on . 
  we 're basicly buying government goodwill , and then having them accept people . 
  it does n't quite work with lybia because of the weakness of the central government . 
  so step one involves a new take on nation building , although i ca n't answer how that might look like . 
  we have a lot of failures and few successes . 
  one way or another they pay.a fact that escaped germany in 2011 when it asked italy and greece to handle the issue , and it seems the idiocy is persistent . 
  the migrant crisis and the southern economic crisis is directly linked to north african instability . 
  the financial burden of both of these slows that the central european economy and lowers general security . 
  and all of that eventually transmits to lowering of cohesion funds and economic activity in eastern europe . 
  you want to get into mental gymnastic for the sake of a guilt-trip , be my guest . 
  but `` do nothing '' serves us not at all , and it just lets the chaos continue . 
  i 'm not saying a plan necessarily involves military intervention , i 'm saying a plan is necessary . 
  finding moral safety in irrelevance is the self-harm option at this point . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/url?sa=i&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=imgres&amp;cd=&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0ahukewjvtu2lnfbqahwbthqkhqqucxmqjrwibw&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2ftowerblock.org%2f%3fcat%3d190&amp;psig=afqjcng0wnhncwqavm9hpukxmabkrfmaig&amp;ust=1481892285084515 ) or [ here ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e8/cwmbran_tower_block.jpg ) they 're either alone or in a small group of 2-4 in the middle of low-density housing at the edge of cities , virtually nowhere . 
  some of them have a weird two storey apartment system where the staircase takes up a portion of the living space . 
  insulation is generally poor , as is the general construction . 
  generally not nice places to live . 
  lagarde is no longer shielding council policy . 
  they failed in giving her the `` good boy '' prize that was the presidency of the commission , and now she 's having legal issues . 
  overall it 's very confusing what the heads of the imf want , it seems they 're in a tail-spin . 
  the stakeholders and major player will keep being the eurogroup/esm government . 
  they 're the ones that are the main funding parties , they are the ones that hold all the keys . 
  and they excuse their actions by saying that they 're `` representing the interests of their electorate '' . 
  which might be true , but draghi has suggested that it 's short-term thinking that fails to solve a long term problem in the entire of the eurozone . 
  like i said nothing . 
  but we need a lybian stabilization plan , to dodge future complications and echr admonishment . 
  unfortunately , italy is the only country willing to think it that direction . 
  the rest of the council prefers to deal with the problem once it reached the shores of italy , by punishing it . 
  because that 's how the council rolls . 
  we really need institutional reform in the eu . 
  first things first , getting rid of the incompetent and impotent mini-councils that have been attached to every single organization like metastasizing cancer . 
  i agree , that was purely for those few that do suggest that . 
  and there 's a fair number of them and do n't get what they 're asking for . 
  how does population volume matter when the production , transport and delivery is all automated ? 
  how does it matter when every extra person is an extra mouth to feed , a body to home , and a mind to educate ? 
  even outside the calculus pure production and force projection , we have just had a cold war that was won by blue jeans and coke . 
  we 're currently facing international media warfare based on info-spam and hiding truth on the 5th page of a google search . 
  and `` technology '' might be global , but i 'll tell you now technique is n't . 
  the tools and talent for creation are things you grow , the institutional experience requires iterations of practice . 
  it 's is n't something you can buy easily . 
  look at how the chinese are still trying to get carriers right , after decades of buying up blueprints and wrecks . 
  simply put , the future rests on us building the right sort of cultural , technical , academic , and military institutions . 
  not the numbers , not the technology , not the money . 
  just talent with good backing . 
  we 're living in the age of automation . 
  populaton volume is irrelevant , it 's all about gardening and exploiting a talent pool . 
  and even then , we have close to half a billion people , not india large but far more manageable , we have sufficient resources to maintain world relevance if we want , set the standard for civilization . 
  if we do n't `` keeping healthy and wealthy '' is going to become harder , and come at a higher cost . 
  this is the attitude that needs to take a back seat . 
  we ca n't just hope to do `` good enough '' and get away with it . 
  it might work in denmark that is surrounded by prosperity , but the eu at large is not . 
  and if we let the domino 's fall at the edge , denmark will feel it as we all start crumbling . 
  is that what the epp was doing when they had schauble start calling commissioners to delay budget warnings on the spanish conservative government 's overspending , despite him being the one who asked for them in the first place ? 
  the epp has been protecting their own , while punishing other governments , all outside the very rules they put in place . 
  the eurogroup has 19 members and votes are taken by simple majority . 
  and for the last decade it 's been epp dominated . 
  yeah , after the better part of a decade long rolling crisis under the epp majority it will be the socialists that will ruin the eurozone . 
  all the bullshit of shitty tenement construction , but without the convenience the density provides . 
  then there 's the solo tower blocks , that is truly a spectacle of half-assery . 
  and the reason they 're being saved is because of the `` law of the sea '' . 
  you do n't let someone to drown if you can help it . 
  if you start making exceptions to that law , you put every fisherman , sailor , cruise passenger , and platform worker in danger of being let to drown . 
  it 's actually not that complicated when you consider that all the members of the troika ( commission , ecb , imf ) are actually acting as extensions of eurogroup council . 
  the imf has already admitted to being manipulated by european heads of state into behaving in an inadvisable manner . 
  the commission has already tried to open separate talks with greece and schauble struck them down as not having the political independence to do so , the ecb 's draghi has repeatedly asked for political compromise and initiative and been ignored . 
  the heads of the national governments , especially the epp members , have been forcing their ideology on the institutions using their majority and their claim on national priority over other institutions . 
  schauble has even threatened to give the esm the powers of the commission to cripple it and prevent it from arguing . 
  not to say the greek government is n't playing it 's own game , but the eu , the eurozone and schengen have fallen victim to the whims of conservative heads of state forming a gerontocracy of middling interests . 
  eu and eurogroup are not the same , just so you know . 
  the eurogroup have far fewer checks and balances than eu institutions , and the commission has been told repeatedly not to get involved besides a secreterial role by governments in the eurogroup . 
  at some point in the past , a certain country pushed for the eurogroup to be kept separate from the eu to prevent the euro from dominating continental politics . 
  this is the results of that push , while the country in question is no longer involved . 
  yes , guardian , why do n't you just continue giving her free advertising for the next year . 
  why do n't you do this for every single loony in europe . 
  maybe even go into hysteric a few times , just do make them look good by comparison . 
  you do that self-fulfilling prophecy that you do , that has put human cartoon figures into the spotlight . 
  anglo-media is a pit of shit-eating , cringe lizards . 
  it 's the eu council . 
  the organization who took full control of schengen borders from the parliament in 2011 , so it can fuck it up in 2015 .
