  where is that asylum agency ? 
  what 's the eu 's policy on libyan government or north african security ? 
  member states failed , they failed badly . 
  do n't want to convince them . 
  you 'll never get fraudsters to admit guilt , does n't mean there 's no point in pointing them out . 
  and that 's what those people are : fraudsters . 
  we 're a decade into the `` answer is n't more europe '' period , where we 've seen every crisis under the sun from financial , to geopolitical be tackled by `` enhanced cooperation '' and `` special meetings '' with dire results , and all we hear is `` we should have even less coordination '' . 
  we 've had nationally regulated banks fail , nationally regulated corporations cheat , nationally defended borders collapse , and even national territory get annexed . 
  at this point if it is n't some niche form of intelectual fraud , it 's reckless endangerment through hard headed stupidity . 
  and every year our external enemies are getting more organized , we 're way past the days where `` unexpected disaster '' was our only threat . 
  is the eu failing ? 
  yes . 
  why though ? 
  because of the eurosceptic paralysis that has taken hold , and the subsequent atomization of effort . 
  is that true ? 
  please tell me you 're joking . 
  to begin with : sovereignty is a two edged sword . 
  ns2 does n't directly impact eastern europe in any way . 
  and germany has all right to make energy deals under the current understanding . 
  now if eastern europe got of it 's ass and actually said : fuck energy sovereignty , let 's have a council vote and prevent geopolitical dubious energy deals being made for the good of the block , the deal would falter . 
  but eastern europe does n't want to do that because it 's afraid for it 's own `` sovereignty '' so much , that it allows germany to do whatever it wants with theirs . 
  as if they 'd win in those conditions . 
  and second , point in fact , hungary used it 's energy deal sovereignty to make it 's own pipeline deal with the russians , just like ns2 . 
  amount of whinge from that : nothing . 
  not a peep . 
  the v4 can go fuck themselves honestly , they like to complain about eu/germany more than they like getting anything done . 
  because they understand each other . 
  they got a hair 's width away from a full blown proxy war with armenia-azerbaijan , but then pulled back as they were satisfied that they were both `` men of the world '' . 
  not they , and the rest of the `` illiberal democracies '' , are more keen on deconstruction of the 1990s world order and re-establishing spheres of influence and advantageous finlandized positions . 
  this is world-wide . 
  everyone is betting on the end of american dominance as the `` final arbiter '' . 
  china 's island in the south china sea , japan 's re-militarization , the saudi-iran proxy war , the land grabs in georgia and ukraine . 
  we 're the only idiots who 've put our money on an unstable presidency an ocean away . 
  power of perception . 
  we 're collectively larger than china by far . 
  but we 're also collectively invested in our own perception of irrelevance . 
  not only do we believe we 're powerless on the world stage , we need to believe we 're powerless on the world stage . 
  we need to perceive our actions as inevitably reactive . 
  our decisions as meaningless . 
  our own opinions as irrelevant . 
  each and every member state would prefer having to choose between the us , russia or china than create their own position . 
  we 're more afraid of our own position on anything , than anyone else 's . 
  we 're not a continent of adults , really . 
  we 're a continents of naughty children who want an adult to listen to and blame . 
  the eurozone and esm are member state controlled institutions , ungoverned by the eu . 
  schengen is a member state controlled institution , largely ungoverned by the eu . 
  same with borders , asylum law and immigration . 
  you 're doing what the `` answer is n't more europe '' people have been doing for the last decade : blaming the eu for not governing shit it ca n't govern , while demanding it governs even less . 
  the failures of the refugee crisis , of the eurocrisis , of dieselgate of this is simple : a europe of state council meetings , secret international negotiations , and `` do whatever you want '' policies does not work . 
  [ umberto eco 's signs of fascism number 8  ( http://www.openculture.com/2016/11/umberto-eco-makes-a-list-of-the-14-common-features-of-fascism.html )  the enemy is both strong and weak . 
  `` by a continuous shifting of rhetorical focus , the enemies are at the same time too strong and too weak . '', 
  active and shifting polyglotism is the only desirable future for the continent . 
  we have all been plagued by a stream of assimilation policies and it has n't gotten any better for it . 
  and having one language has n't done south america or the arab states any favors . 
  better to just specialize in what we can do best , speaking other languages , and just adapt to whatever change comes . 
  edit : i 've really got to smile at all the people giving english a default win in the future . 
  it 's hardly been 30 years since the cold war divided the world into multiple cultural spheres , barely a blink of an eye , latin and french had longer runs . 
  things change . 
  because it does n't work , and it 's the reason it 's being eliminated from future arianespace project . 
  it turns negotiations into cake-cutting exercises as each country whines about not getting a sized piece . 
  it leads inferior contractors winning proposals they should n't have gotten close to ( like europrop int . 
  for a400m , and the company who designed the harpoon on the rosetta ) . 
  it splits the production in such a byzantine way that management is difficult . 
  and it 's simply a political shitshow as each country delays funding whenever it 's displeased ( like iter ) . 
  this outputs products that are way over time and budget , due to the politiking , technically inferior and expensive , and this leads to those countries who `` won the most jobs '' loosing them all as no one wants to buy their piece of shit they ca n't even buy themselves in large numbers because all the components are so expensive because their national producers have no efficiency incentive . 
  edit : [ here is an extensive write up on the failures of juste-retour and various quotas in the esa written by a redditor ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/58bdj2/oc_what_if_esa_became_an_eu_body/ ), 
   this is the first one . 
  do n't tell me , it 's shopped ? 
  that 's england . 
  you can tell by the double decker busses in the background . 
  and nothing says more about how such things do n't show anything about goverment policy since the uk pretty much takes in no one . 
  but the point is you do n't understand the climate in germany . 
  die linke might go up and down parading a return to socialism , may 1st riots might smash against the police , but it 's a conservative country . 
  you 're taking outliers , but have no clue of the fundamentals . 
   lol , you sound like a politician ... you know the ones who talk much but do n't do absolute anything . 
  why do n't i just personally get a rifle and restore libyan and syrian government we can pay to act like a buffer state ? 
  is that the question ? 
  just because you want to `` do something '' does n't mean there is something you can actually do . 
  sometimes the rain catches you without an umbrella . 
   they are the only country with `` welcome refugees '' parades . 
  that 's why the refugees come , because they think they are welcome , and that 's germany 's and sweden 's fault . 
  they should take all the refugees . 
  i think whatever you use for a news source needs dumping for the sake of your mental health . 
  refugees , migrants and romanians are going to germany for the same reasons : it is rich . 
  nobody wants to live in a tent city in the desert when you can work under the table for actual money . 
   good luck with that . 
  never gon na happen . 
  how do you think we prevented migrations up to 2010 ? 
  magic ? 
  stop being edgy , pick up a book , go to your universities international relations talks/meetings , whatever . 
  there 's a lot you can learn . 
  after the bae-eads merger fell , i think that became inevitable . 
  also adding in the uk would pretty much guarantee juste-retour , when the goal should be eliminating it altogether . 
   no taking selfies with every refugee like the rest of politicians ? 
  you 're really making more of a big deal of this than it 's worth . 
   so why are they voting for a populist ? 
  if that 's what germans want , then give them ( refugees ) and leave the rest of europe alone . 
  because she 's good at her job ? 
  and have you really not been reading a damn word i wrote , german 's do n't want refugees . 
  they also do n't want to break human rights issues due to , well , historical reasons .
