  there is a point where a person 's right to privacy fails in favor of the safety of another or the public . 
  this actually forces a set of actions that the government has to take to acquire access , that can then be supervised . 
  the backdoors on the other hand provide instant access without the work and required supervision , and for everyone with knowledge of it . 
  well apparently he frowns on divorce , and when god closes a door he open a window . 
  actual argument made in the texas legislature . 
  `` i do n't believe that when god made marijuana he made a mistake '' - rep. david simpson ( r ), 
  do you really want to be attached to a failed project that 's been a funding black hole for the past 20 years ? 
  let them have skylon , sabre , whatever . 
  til . 
  language never fails to surprise . 
  no , not really . 
  parliamentary sovereignty is a fairly rare practice . 
  in most civilized countries added checks are placed in the former of strong second chambers and constitutional provision , such as a written constitution and accompanying constitutional court . . 
  the eu is no exception , it needs a majority in two chambers and it needs to abide by the treaties and the human rights acts . 
  it depends severely on how much of a hit the uk workforce is willing to take in wages as well as their dependencies on foreign contractors , parts and materials . 
  also , jaguar and landrover to my knowledge do n't compete for the same economic niche as most german vehicles . 
  they 're fond of producing for the high end market . 
  no it really is n't . 
  because it only matters in a comparative sense . 
  if prices for german cars rise , but still stay bellow that of the competition , either by the competition facing rising prices as well or because of initial expense , then market share is kept . 
  as for the impact of less disposable income and loan terms , that 's up to the state in question . 
  simply put , we 're all disadvantaged only and only if a competitor gets more preferential access to the uk market ,, 
  socialism does not automatically mean authoritarian . 
  arguably that would be communism . 
  just googling `` social democracy '' gives you the definition : `` a socialist system of government achieved by democratic means . '', 
  i 'm getting the impression that just like the americans you 've developed some ideological blinders here . 
   eu officials are often elected either by the eu parliament or the eu commission , which means they are indirectly elected by popular demand . 
  elected officials are not bureaucrats . 
  juncker for example is a politician , so is tusk , all meps and everyone else that was set into office through an electoral process . 
  martin selmayr for example is a bureaucrat , he was never elected by anyone he is employed by the commission . 
  i 'm getting the impression that we 're diverging on our sources of definitions . 
  might , could . 
  does n't . 
  the thing is he did n't actually try to protect the borders , it was all a pr stunt . 
  he placed migrants in the middle of budapest in train stations , when they were going down the street to austria he pushed them together for the cameras to make it look like a bigger stream , it 's all show , fence included . 
  whenever he needs more votes , he builds another fence , or he makes a big deal about the quotas . 
  refugees are a political tool to him . 
  the actual point of control we need is in greece and turkey , where the sea is our fence . 
  and i agree overall we 've been a bit to soft and disorganized about all of this . 
  but orban was a jackass who made plenty of european enemies for the sake of domestic approval , and everything you see in the media is backlash to what can be considered a betrayal after the dublin agreement was eased to save hungary ( although to be fair , not like they had any choice in that matter it was dead by that point ) . 
  we do n't even have a policy of `` open borders '' for fuck sake . 
  we have controls still set up in denmark and sweden as far as i know . 
  and serbian and macedonia let them through without even being in the eu , not to mention schengen . 
  you 're confusing the result of incompetence for a sort of willful political choice . 
  we do quite a bit more than welfare . 
  when the french and german governments have controlling shares in major corporations it goes quite a bit further than that . 
  several countries actually legislate to make workers representatives required on corporate boards . 
  and even the welfare was won through decades of worker resistance movements and unions , which were organized by socialists for socialist principles . 
  we 're rewriting history here , because we do n't like sharing too many words with the soviet union . 
  but the fact that they failed achieving anything like what they promised does n't sully the word . 
  because then it renders the fence pointless , especially in schengen . 
  and since a lot of countries are now declaring it illegal to send people back to hungary under the dublin agreement due to human rights violations , it turns the whole fence into a farce . 
  a migrant or refugee can go up to the hungarian border , ask for asylum , then head to germany claim it again and be able to stay . 
  serious question : how does a fence stop someone claiming asylum in the country ? 
  because that 's how they got through greece and serbia , they claimed asylum once they reached them , and them moved on . 
  to be fair to napoleon was instrumental in helping create the grande armee which would serve as the model for the modernized prussian army and as a result the world . 
  caesar on the other hand was given the result of generations of work , training , reform and experience , and then took gaul through a combination of opportunism , politicking and more than a little luck . 
  caesar had a habit of claiming everyone he fought and defeated was an honorable , brave and strong opponent . 
  do n't know if this was in fact a roman thing , but it did you good to defeat such people since no one ever got a triumph for defeating cowardly , dishonorable weaklings . 
   none of the things you described are relevant to socialism in itself , but are components of social democratic government policies under a capitalist free market economy . 
  i think you 're making a facile and erroneous distinction for the sake of ideological dogma . 
  we have socialist elements , we have capitalist elements . 
  their combination has given us varying degrees of mixes from nordic model , to german ordoliberalism/rhine capitalism , to french dirigism , to what you call social democracy . 
  but that does n't mean we do n't have socialism , or not have capitalism , we pick and choose . 
   eu bureaucrats are often elected , quite ironic you speak against it . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  because you live under a government which is giving families money under rodzina 500 + ? 
  because we all have free ( ish ) health care and ( almost ) free universities ? 
  because one of the bigger european conglomerates is mondragon , a industrial worker owned cooperative ? 
  because literally our second largest european party is called the socialists and democrats ? 
  also , because only in america is electing judges , bureaucrats considered a good thing ( and not even in all of it ) or giving unprecedented powers to a single individual , we all run legalistic parliamentary democracies . 
  so you know , that 's why . 
  do you actually live in europe ? 
  as much as i respect ataturk and kermalism , the army was a set of training wheels that had to come off . 
  their very interference undermine the ideals they were upholding . 
  it was probably too soon under erdogan and exactly under the wrong leadership , but it was an extra-legal control that would have kept the country behind in the long run . 
   i doubt that if malta said they do n't support intervention in some future conflict while france and germany do they would be listened to ... so the creation of an ear army is the antithesis of the eus original goal . 
  wait , are you saying they would have a voice now , in the current state of affairs ? 
  in a eu army they would have a veto the same way greece or even damn walonia has right now with foreign affairs , because it makes sense to do so . 
  what changes under your proposal to do nothing ? 
  absolutely squat and malta is ignored . 
  the eu is pretty much the only way to tie german and french decision making to ours , anything else is keeping with the state of affairs mid 19th century . 
  a ) they already have it , the east . 
  b ) automation makes all of that void . 
  people are actually a net-drain over the long term . 
  none of us need more people , we need demographic stability for a host of reasons , but definetly not more people . 
  what does what might or might not happen on the coast of libya have to do with the situation in greece and the balkans ? 
  i 'm sorry to say this , but i had to do it once a week in highschool and i 've got to tell you : it 's a bit weird . 
  i know it 's part of your culture , but every morning ? 
  do y' all think god checks if you skipped a few days ? 
  the west will likely create their own eu , with blackjack and hookers , and leave the rest of us as second tier . 
  but can you blame them ? 
  we 've pretty much failed to offer much besides warm fuzzy feelings of unity , and then we threw that in their face . 
  if we were smart we 'd have started taking integration initiatives on our own inside the eu , like defense , and made them lag behind and be the late joiners . 
  instead they keep leading the herd , and we keep following and complaining about it at the same time . 
  when , not if , it falls apart it will be our fault . 
  the same way the intermarium not happening was our fault . 
  we need integration and alliance the most , but we are the ones who always have done the least . 
  we 're all slave mentality people , after many years of monarchies and dictatorships . 
   but what is good ?
