   who ? 
  who is saying that ? 
  one guy that annoyed you on / r/europe ? 
  have actually lived there . 
  that 's all i 'm going to say , not interested in being insulted and called bigoted for stating an observation . 
  call it a `` communication barrier '' on my part . 
  nationalism in europe has two paths : nation building and state building . 
  british and french nationalism was very much about nation building around the state . 
  german and most eastern nationalism was state building around a perceived nation . 
  italian nationalism did both in equal measure . 
  but to the monarchists it was all dangerous , because they were conservative at heart . 
  people like bismark were unique in seeing an opportunity in riding the wave . 
  you 're attributing malice to what is simply poor thinking . 
  no one set out to `` replace people with foreigners '' . 
  people just believe that when given the opportunity , everyone will accept to work together instead of being shit to each other . 
  in a better world , they would be right . 
  but this is n't a better world , which is why our entire european society is very keen on secularism and polite `` avoid religion and politics at the table . '' . 
  the left simply forgot how to manage these sorts of conflicts after having an easy time post-ww2 , having inherited the victories of their grandparents . 
  if we looks at ataturk , he gave a good example at how it 's always been done , and should be done : you set up rules everyone follows equally . 
  and you try to not show preferential treatment . 
   hey , since blue collar millionaire billionaire is now a thing . 
  and nigel `` commodity trader turned professional politician '' farage is seen as a man of the people ... 
  it 's really hard to comprehend how easy it is to get your `` blue collar '' credentials these days . 
  you might as well say that 's what happens when any 2 people have to deal with each other . 
  civilization is and has always been about keeping people 's individuals quirks to themselves , and keeping society working . 
  call it culture , religion , legalistic belief , tribal affiliation , or family rivalry . 
  there 's never been any shortage of belligerent numb-skullery when it comes to people . 
  but we keep making progress . 
  not even the eton-group , actually eton . 
  he grew up in new york , and not even `` almost new jersey '' new york , but the heart of manhattan . 
  he is a oxford classics student , with a bullington club membership . 
  he is a walking tory standard resume template . 
  as common as a high-end rolex watch . 
  are you seriously going to try and paint boris johnson as `` low born '' ? 
  do you enjoy the challenge ? 
  and then calling mr. `` private garden bridge '' a populist , which is just splendid . 
  i do n't think you actually know much of mr. johnson . 
  he 's well educated , and speaks with a posh accent . 
  but there 's a reason he 's had constant problems getting inside the tory inner circle , no one trusts him to do his job . 
  some would say he 's a classic example of being educated above one 's intelligence . 
  you do n't mention the severe differences between state and `` public '' schooling , as well as the regional lottery . 
  you could have been taught that , but for most people there 's a giant blind spot between the tudors and ww 1 . 
  you missed a rather endemic behavior : the british way is always superior , and they 'll tell you why . 
  the plugs , the taps , the lack of insulation , the transport , the lack of id , the parliamentary system , everything . 
  if it ca n't be rationalized , then the hardship involved in dealing with it will be interpreted as a form of character-building show of resilience . 
  the house is leaking heat like a sieve ? 
  put on a sweater and make some tea , it 's the british way . 
  the culture of complaint and self-deprecation is actually carefully stage-managed bit of well-worn `` safe topics '' . 
  if you get too damn close to the mark , you 're not going to have a good time . 
   and here we see the brit and his habit of ` saying less ' than what he means . 
  that 's honestly a bit of a cultural affectation put on for show . 
  modern britain is n't like that . 
  if you have n't had the pleasure of seeing `` bant '' , the gist is that outright insults are confused for jokes or a form of honesty . 
  everyone wants to be malcom tucker . 
   reminds me of the irony of idiots like farage calling brexit ` independence day ' and then he followed it up claiming it was achieved `` without a single bullet being fired '' . 
   since when are multicultural societies a fundamental value of europe ? 
  notice how the catholics and protestant are not killing each other anymore . 
  how tyrol and sz\u00e9kely land are not warzones . 
  how political parties do n't bomb each other in the streets . 
  yeah , you 're welcome . 
  not only that but apparently norway has significant internal linguistic divisions . 
  it seems , it 's best to think of the whole of germanic scandinavia as a collection of dialects , some of which have states attached . 
  there clearly is no german demos . 
  they ca n't even agree what to call meatballs . 
  this failed pan-germanic experiment should be ended and the german states given back their freedom . 
  ohh , merci beaucoup !, 
  i never could remember what this was until now . 
  it 's actually quite hard to find something . 
  [ here 's a bit relating to the singapore deal ] ( http://eulawradar.com/case-a-215-the-eu-singapore-free-trade-agreement-a-mixed-agreement/ ) . 
  the short of it is that there is a difference between a simple fta , and a more comprehensive ` mixed agreement ' but no clear rule what differentiates the two . 
  so any trade agreement can fall into either category depending on council or court decision . 
  [ here 's an article about the negotiations around how to classify ceta ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/walloon-rebellion-threatens-commissions-trade-powers/ ) the title is misleading since the eu did n't actually throw away it 's right , the council decided it wanted to intergovermentalize the agreement to win eurosceptic points and did a eurozone/schengen aka fucked up . 
  the article tries to paint it as a commission problem , but it 's pretty clear reading it how it went . 
  the issue is that nato is an alliance system . 
  and in europe we have a ton of experience with alliance systems , they do n't really work . 
  they either break down , end up fighting internally , are too disorganized to pose a cohesive threat , or turn into hegemonies . 
  so nato is to a war machine , what a pile of bricks is to a house . 
  and the fact that europe will be the battleground , only makes this mess all the more worrying . 
  it was n't the churches where knowledge was kept . 
  it was the monasteries , where they sent the priests that could n't play the internal politics well . 
  and that `` shared identity '' pretty much consisted of constant war as the church declared anyone it did n't like either a heretic or excommunicated . 
  they actually assisted in the destruction of the last remnant of rome , and then kept the italian peninsula in a constant state of warfare for their own benefit . 
  luther was probably the best thing to happen to the continent , despite the puritanical beginnings , simply for breaking it 's stranglehold on the continent . 
  and the amount of stuff we had to outright steal from the arabic scholars to kick start the renaissance is embarrassing , and a testament to how completely the church crippled us . 
  you 're perfectly right to point out the diversity of character in the roman state . 
  but in the end , those ideals and those men where used up by people who 's interest were solely to enrich themselves . 
  the roman oligarchs monopolized power , land , and wealth without restriction forcing constant expansion as a pressure valve for the frustration of the people they were stealing from . 
  they bought the land of soldiers who were kept away from home , they used slaves instead of free men , they killed anyone who complained too much . 
  empire is just that . 
  a system that co-opts people into its service , good or evil . 
  and while they could have convinced themselves they were justified , we have the hindsight to see a constant race to escape the inevitable logic of a set of short-sighted choices and ambitions that inevitably lead to autocracy . 
  more land to make up for what was stolen , more slaves to work it , more spoils to keep the plebs happy , more wars so minor houses can compete with major ones , and more compromises as the entire system unwound . 
  rome as a culture and state is a truly magnificent thing in many ways . 
  but it also suffered from can only be called a form of political parasitism that forced it into an expansionary phase it could have never survived intact . 
  except the exact issue is that there is no `` we '' right now , thanks to the `` i 've got mine '' sovereigntists . 
  so there 's a very real danger that the nuclear powers , us , uk and france , might not be that hasty about what happens somewhere in poland . 
  and that 's why we should unite . 
   their ability make a lot allies also gave them a lot of enemies . 
  as the achaean league learned , being anything less than an ally also made you an enemy . 
   2nd punic was more or less started by carthage .
