  and the population movement was a quid-pro-quo involving both greek and turkish populations , to prevent the exact shit that happened in cyprus 30 years later . 
  i 'm afraid that if you ca n't call the secularization and modernization of turkey worth calling it european , you might as well strike half of europe from that list or all of it . 
  this is technically eurasia by scientific standards , europe is a construct that must contain meaning . 
  ok , so you have no idea how new zealand is . 
  please go , really nice place , also not what you think it is . 
  as i 've mention somewhere else a third of the population is not european/pakeha . 
  first and foremost a romanian citizen . 
  i 'd say the moment ataturk implemented his reforms , turkey became a european country . 
  it might be backsliding . 
  but it 's backsliding on the same rails as russia , hungary and poland . 
  you 're right , i 'm not taking you very seriously . 
  it 's hard with someone who 's basically saying `` being blonde clearly has severe impact on someone 's development . '', 
  i admit , it 's a failing of mine . 
  we 're going to get creamed again . 
  truly hard hitting fact checking involved in this one . 
  btw , at their best they reveal a likelihood of someone being from those large geographic areas . 
  genetics does n't work like you think it works , people are n't neat little packages of locally indigenous genes . 
  genetics plays a role in medical sciences , not race , my dear modern phrenologists . 
  phenotypical obsessions are quaint . 
  but we actually put a lot of effort into genetic testing and hereditary questions , not just look at someone and say : `` yup , diabetic . '', 
   let me start off by saying , im a biochemist . 
  i dont need your articles . 
  then i pity the field if you 're the sort of person that believes that easily divisible human races exist , let alone that they align to national boundaries . 
  i 'm looking forward to the haplogroup revolutions that will finally bring true genetically determined communities to europe . 
  :p just as much as i look forward to genetic testing existing populations for `` italianess '' . 
  not romanian , but very balkan : [ tears for sale ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0380249/ ), 
  go ask a taxonomer or geneticist about ring species for an intro in `` we 're basicly trying to simplify something complex into something simple people can understand . '' . 
  also , ask about canine genetic malleability , it 's interesting stuff . 
  fun article to get you started : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/species_problem, 
  because i have more that a 19th century understanding of genetics . 
  species is n't even a thing , it 's a short hand for people who could n't be bothered to understand subtlety . 
  and because i 've never meet a shortage of assholes in any place . 
  i 've seen corruption , sociopathy and violence everywhere i went . 
  the one thing that made a difference are the fruits of the enlightenment : education , law , and community . 
  with those tools you can create civilization in any wilderness . 
   race is not something to be ignored . 
  saved for posterity . 
   or should i go ahead and just decide that i am now arab . 
  i dont look like someone from the middle east . 
  genetic analysis would show that i am not from the middle east . 
  i dont speak the language , or share the culture . 
  yet you act like someone from the middle east . 
  maybe you just have n't found your true home friend , somewhere where your opinions are more mainstream . 
  please , head on the first plane to the promised land of ethno-sectarian division and frolic without judgement . 
  edgy . 
  wrong line of attack though , i 'm not part of your identity politics regime you guys have with the far left . 
  you can decode thousands of sequences of dna , you 're not going to find an ounce of `` heritage '' . 
  there is no such things as genetic memory , you 're not the kwisatz haderach . 
   i have a lot of respect for communities and people , but no one has a right to come up and tell me what community i should be part of because of how i was born . 
  you have no right to be the `` heritage/ethno/race '' identity police . 
   right , the sort of culture you 're born with . 
  thank you for that alternative fact . 
   i never said that if i move to japan and have kid , that this kid will be unable to function normally in japan or that he would be unwelcome there , i said he would not be japanese . 
  stop . 
  poor misunderstood individual just wants to make a point that just because you 've lived your entire life in a country , payed taxes , and voted you will always be an outsider , unlike folk who have the right parenting to start with . 
  poor , poor you . 
  i 'm sorry to have so clearly misrepresented your point that national identity is genetic . 
   hold on , i did n't say people from other cultures or countries are not allowed in europe , or that countries with people from elsewhere do n't work . 
  you 've literally said :  let me ask you this . 
  if i move to japan tomorrow . 
  and i have a kid with my european wife . 
  is that kid japanese ? 
  you made it specifically about the act of being born to non-locals making one not fit to be part of the society you 're born in . 
  this is something you said . 
  own it , or drop it , but do n't pretend you did n't try to make a point of it dog whistler . 
  he 's talking genetics , in case it has n't become clear . 
  an arbitrary line in the sand would not make a khazakstani european in his mind . 
  and the 30 % of non-europeans in new zealand are n't new zealanders ? 
  do you think asian-american 's have some issues getting along in their society ? 
  am i european enough for you ? 
  how about the maltese ? 
  how about the hungarians and finns ? 
  how about the georgians ? 
  actually , what makes you think you belong here ? 
  i 'm pretty sure we 've sorted out where this sort of thing belongs in yugoslavia in 1990 , and everywhere else in 1945 . 
  and it 's not on this side of the mediterranean . 
  you think new zealand and canada are composed only of europeans ? 
  i think you 'd be better off in the middle east actually , you 'd fit in there . 
  ethnocentric individual uses ethnocentric state to make point . 
  you could have used canada or new zealand , where living there and participating in society is considered the foundation of citizenship . 
  why did n't you ? 
  it 's not about a systematic failure , but a perception failure . 
  voters are meant to employ competence in their representative , instead they employ sycophants or strongmen . 
  people who deal with the public as insecure children , rather than thoughtful adults . 
  god-emperor cheeto mcscrooge is your problem . 
  my political interest could n't be farther away from what you get up to over the pond . 
  but i 'm not going to drink the kool-aid either . 
  public opinion shifts on a dime , and is rarely based on a extensive knowledge of the subject or consequences . 
  lieing , flip-flopping politicians are the only possible survivors of a public who always thinks it 's right and that it should be listened to , even when it contradicts itself and chooses poorly . 
  people with actual spine and opinion go into business , and never bother asking the public what it wants . 
  they tell them , and then sell it to them . 
  of course , it 's a physical impossibility to treat the eu as a single visa regime . 
  practically like breaking the speed of light . 
  the bloody non-sense people use to excuse discrimination and inequality . 
  it 's been pretty clear that trump 's been turning his advisory councils into `` famous people collection '' to use to impress others . 
  i see it 's working . 
  for a moment i thought it was because of 70 % of our planet being a highly corrosive liquid , combined with a highly reactive atmosphere , not to mention the tectonic activity leading to explosive events . 
  but apparently it 's us . 
  fuck yeah , humanity . 
   it 's not as if europe has a particularly great historical track record of handling global affairs .
