  and this might just be caligula to some future nero . 
  airbus is actually loosing money off the a400 . 
  it partially blames having to rely on a political-promoted contractor europrop international , and the ceo has publicly stated he 's reluctant from every engaging in such a project again . 
  the esa/arianespace is actually moving away from the system of negotiations surrounding multi-national projects because of the failures it caused in such project as typhon/a400/iter . 
  the eu itself actually nationalized the galileo projects for similar reasons . 
  we 're getting better at doing such projects every year , as we 're learning ( very painfully ) what works , and abandoning `` feel good '' strategies around cross-national negotiations . 
  there is no natural comparative advantage in the high tech in industry . 
  any advantage that exists , exists as a result of years of investment , experience and development . 
  first , it 's incredible that now that china has made a point of expanding in every single manufacturing market , as well as as having spent decades building up it 's portfolio to the point it 's nearing the naval and aeroscape ability of the west , that westerners are so keen to do the exact opposite . 
  second , it 's incredible that this idea of `` comparative advantage '' in industrialized economies still exists when a hundred years ago friedrich list looked over it , threw it in the trash and wrote the economic premises that allowed the development of prussian , american , japanese/korean/taiwanese , and now chinese industrial might . 
  and no , the political aspect is not negligible . 
  the line between ally and vassal is the ability to choose . 
  by putting our defense industry in their hands , we sell of that choice . 
  it would be much easier if we got rid of `` juste retour '' mentality in development , and just allowed european companies to compete without being treated as national treasures to be backed . 
  the issue with both the eurofighter and a400m has been a bad tendency to put such thinking before a common position , and the result has been failure and more orders/jobs eventually leaking to the americans . 
  strategic infrastructure is also a thing , as are monopolies . 
  let 's not be the naive here , and put ourselves in the hands of arms merchants especially when it comes to highly niche equipment . 
  and especially one 's with their own geostrategic interests they want others to follow . 
  and a country can produce every single technology across the board , there is no technical reason why not . 
  the issue has always been leveraging order numbers to take advantage of mass production to lower costs . 
  which for 50 years european countries have had a hard time doing alone , but which we are perfectly able to do together . 
  now let 's be sensible , not lease our own security from unscrupulous hegemony from an ocean away and actually do the work necessary to give ourselves a measure of self-reliance and geopolitical independence . 
  it 's never too late to start developing your own equipment . 
  the generational moniker is simply a haphazard convention of aircraft classification , not some clear line of development . 
  if we start now , the pundits might call it generation 5.1 or generation 6th , but it would still be the plane that does the job with the technology we currently have . 
  either way , we need to do it soon because you ca n't restart a niche aerospace sector from scratch once it 's gone . 
  you do know it 's possible to forget how to build something right ? 
  all it takes is one generation of engineers to retire before the next project . 
  we keep buying our equipment instead of developing it , and we 'll never stop . 
  we 'll be giving someone else money to do something we 'd be perfectly capable of doing ourselves , simple out of indifference and neglect . 
  have to agree with you here , the comment surprised me as well . 
  up until 2009 it was practically a different currency which could theoreticly be exhanged into pound stirling of the same value at its issuing bank . 
  although the bank never needed to hold the money available to do do . 
  in 2009 the same but banks have to actually hold deposits at the bank of england equal to how much they issue . 
  its practically a private currency backed by a hard deposit , not guaranteed the same as an outright boe note . 
  but you guys are weird so you somehow think `` different notes , same currency '' is the right thing to say.dunno why . 
  try explaining that to foreign exhange offices outside the uk . 
  scotland benefits from the cap if independent because they 'll het a bonus for having largely marginal agricultural land . 
  like finland . 
  schengen is entirely optional , as ronania well knows . 
  amd no one is in any hurry of adding new members to the euro , again as romania full knows . 
  i do n't think so . 
  the move from kinship bonds and personal genealogy into group identity of unrelated individuals was an extremely important one . 
  and there were two nationalisms born during that revolution . 
  one universalists and another ethno-chauvinist . 
  and in europe they 've been fighting ever since . 
  and that fight has taken many forms and will keep taking many more . 
  garibaldi was an humanist internationalist , bismark a monarchist turned reluctant blood-and-soil ethno-nationalist , ataturk was a heavy handed civic nationalist , tito was an ambitious pan-nationalist , so on and so forth . 
  this weird struggle is part of who we , collectively are . 
  and i doubt that it will ever end . 
  personally i believe shoving the eu in with post-nationalism is a mistake . 
  post-nationalism to begin with was part of an `` end of history '' paradigm where universalist liberalism would inevitable win and that paradigm has proven bankrupt . 
  a nation is and has always been a polity which self-indentifies as a unitary people , whatever their connection to each other . 
  and in that regard the eu is a continuation , not a replacement . 
  maybe not as exclusivist and ethno-centric as nationalism has tended to be in europe , but inevitably the same forces and principles will apply . 
  it 's ireland , you want free water , put a bucket outside and wait for a bit . 
  scotland is the same and it has no water charge , infrastructure being handled on a council/country level using taxes . 
  the actual domestic usage costs are just so low that in practice it would be more expensive to start charging per use , since metering and billing would add extra overheads . 
  the issue with ireland is that there 's no shortage of water to actually cause rationing or political will to modernize , and because of that the entire system has been allowed to leak extensively . 
  in practice this raises overall costs for everyone , although it should have never come to that point to begin with . 
  what should happen , is that industrial/agricultural/commercial usage should be charge since they 're the ones straining the system and domestic usage should just pay the infrastructure costs involved through their taxes . 
  and by fixing the leaking infrastructure they could do that , just like in scotland . 
  it 's all up in the air . 
  it depends if negotiations limit to only payment of promissory arrangements , or it extends negotiations to asset/liability partitions . 
  in the former , the normal arrangement of payment both ways will be structured as set out in the multi-annual financial frameworks on both sides . 
  in the later , a formula has to be agreed about to tally the values involved and distribute them . 
  although i think this will be taken off the table since for the uk the net value is negative ( despite johnson 's claims otherwise ) and for the eu the precedent is toxic . 
  who is `` le marechal '' the americans are speaking of ? 
  or is it just them not getting who `` le general '' is referring to ? 
  i actually do n't know how much custom 's paperwork is involved if any . 
  we are technically within the customs union , but at the same time [ there has to be registration of the physical volume of goods passing through ] ( http://www.sabian.ro/directia-schengen-frontiera-transport-marfa-proceduri-vamala-consultanta/ ) . 
  i imagine someone working with this confusion in a corporate environment would prefer not to suffer the headache and , as you say , choose hungary . 
  it might actually be better since it gives it permanent residents , who sport high education and income . 
  while the traveling circus is more like a temporary boost a few days a month . 
  that 's pretty much it , just delays . 
  but delays matter when you 're dealing in bulk . 
  and even that 1 hour train stop between budapest and timisoara for travelers would make organizing a cross-border company a tiny bit less worthwhile . 
  it does impact commerce , but is not against eu competition rules . 
  ultimately it 's not fair , which is why schengen exists to begin with . 
  but it 's not illegal , it 's just the reality of having security checks at borders . 
  that 's a bit extreme , practically calling for guilt by association . 
  that being said , the issue is that nothing that is happening is illegal . 
  the hq has to be somewhere , trade is happening everywhere in the eu , so the location will never please everyone if we are taxing on hq location . 
  we either need a pan-european tax system that maxes hq location irrelevant in the union , or we need to abandon the hq system altogether and re-model the entire tax system to take into account other aspects . 
  i 'd argue that we 'd have to remodel the entire corporate structure system eventually , because the very concept of a hq is becoming increasingly meaningless but that 's outside of anything i can speculate on safely . 
  1970s and 1980 had their own brand of euroskepticism resulting from the the empty chair crisis and the resulting luxembourg compromise . 
  back then euroskepticism , much like european politics in general , was a closed doors affair between politicians . 
  this was also the age of euro-sclerosis , where economic stagnation was paralleled by a collapse of european political initiative . 
  the 1990s were a response to that age and saw a massive push for european integration , the creation of the single market , and our last great period of prosperity . 
  ( well , in the west , arguably not in the east ) the 2000s-early 2010s were a response to that and the return of euroskepticism as a popular force , and again eurosclerosis . 
  we 're stuck in a cycle . 
  the bill just got 10 billion euro bigger . 
   i was saying france are trying to impose a tax regime , as you agreed later in the post . 
  one that just so happens to benefit them greatly . 
  this is at least the second time they have pushed for minimum tax rates . 
  and it 's within their right to push , and within the rights of everyone else to disagree and push back . 
  it 's called politics . 
   why do you think that ? 
  any company could have set up that tax structure so by definition was n't a special deal for apple ? 
  [ here ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/apple-s-irish-company-structure-key-to-eu-tax-finding-1.2775684 )  but unlike the other big players it was moving money around within two bits of one company , rather than between two separate companies .
