  i do n't know how much he 's willing to achieve and how much is show . 
  but out of all the candidates , he 's the only one to come on stage and make eu-directed changes as part of his manifesto rather than being vague . 
  edit : oh , except lepen and her `` pegged franc '' idea . 
  that was pure `` genius '' , like inventing a monetary time-travel machine . 
  you are taught to win , and are allowed to use any rethorical device to achieve that . 
  your only actual `` check '' while you are speaking is the poi , and every novice debater is taught to refuse them as a matter of course . 
  i 'm sorry i 'm confused as well . 
  poland is right now one of the top net-beneficiaries . 
  bigger than romania and bulgaria combined from what i remember . 
  it 's understandable that there will be less funds eventually given to the east . 
  but poland being a net-payer ? 
  next budget ? 
  that 's something people believe ? 
  admittedly it was a rather apt parallel , rather than the screeching redirection that you 'd see on / r/worldnews . 
  i doubt it , the reason countries did n't join is the same reason they do n't like the eu , too much investment in their notion of total independence and sovereignty to compromise for the sake of survival . 
  [ this is their true wet dream . 
  it really should be used more to evaluate efficiency-of-use in the eu , instead of talking in angloisms like `` just a free trade area '' or `` use '' , that serve no purpose . 
  although , i 'd argue that while abortion is perfectly alright on the national level now , as reproductive and genetic technology moves forward we 're going to need to have a deeper conversation in how it all fits into the european charter of human rights . 
  not on board , big fan of subsidiarity , except for that bit about turning national politicians into fuel . 
  finally they 'd be of use . 
  the eurasian economic union is very dedicated to preserving the sovereignty of ~ ~ russia ~ ~ it 's member states . 
  it considers it paramount that ~ ~ russia ~ ~ members are allowed the freedom to follow their own interests . 
  poland should join it , and enjoy the immense sovereignty that the eaeu provides . 
  1945-1975 , it was mostly bad for the british isles . 
  the long forgotten slog , after `` winning '' ww2 as a world power . 
  1900-1945 , is a bit more iffy to say the least . 
  the century kicked right off in the middle of the boer war when concentration camps were used , and some might say invented . 
  after that is the amritsar massacre , which was really a pointless waste of life that turned the man who did it into a hero . 
  then there 's the famine in india during ww2 as the uk got really paranoid about the blockade and started redirecting increasing resources to itself ( interestingly enough the uk was one of the countries that suffered least due to food shortages during the war ) . 
  then there are the relatively small indecencies like the taking of the ottoman empire , as british soldiers started arresting ottoman parliamentarians as they were trying to subjugate it in the style of the british raj . 
  i 'm sure there 's more . 
  empires suck , no exceptions . 
  debate society culture . 
  in an adversarial debate , you 're given a platform you need to support , and then you need to spin the facts to make that point . 
  a jury decides who `` won '' , compromise is impossible by design , no third-party fact-checking is done , and you 're encouraged to just keep talking and not take questions . 
  for poland will be a loss , but not for pis . 
  it can use it 's own loss during negotiations , whatever side it 's on , as a stepping stone for blaming the eu for any economic difficulties down the road . 
  that would do wonders for orban 's ratings honestly . 
  maybe that 's putin future christmas present to him . 
  the mistake lepen made was being too honest . 
  when you talk about destroying the eu , you have to use the word `` reform '' . 
  as in `` reform the eu by ~ ~ taking it apart and having it run like the ever-successful eurozone or schengen ~ ~ bringing powers back to nation-states . '', 
  our ring of fire , russia 's ring of control . 
  we 're going to regret this in 10 years . 
  it does matter , because the media defines the scope of the conversation . 
  and it 's extremely hard to beat down lies and misdirection one it has rooted itself in . 
  lies stick . 
  so when you 're talking to local voters about 70 % of the time you 're trying to debunk what the man on the telly said , before you can even make your point . 
  as for clarifying with the eu , the issue remains and will continue to remain that the eu does not want to get involved in internal matters , especially relating to separation . 
  and the uk will have no reason to ask it to give a report on it 's opinion of proceedings . 
  simply put , scottish voters have to be asked to behave like english voters and take a leap based on self-belief , and it 's not something that works as the last referendum has shown . 
   this whole thing has happened because the eu has n't compromised on the issue of freedom of movement . 
  ultimately you can blame the eu . 
  you 've swallowed her lies very well . 
  right , it 's our fault for trying to preserve a fair single market for countries . 
  we 're the ones who refuse to compromise to everyone 's detriment , and are looking for a `` clean '' brexit . 
  will you continue blaming us when you 're out ? 
  if the independence campaign can be faulted for anything , it seems it can be faulted for not being brazen and audacious in it 's statements . 
  brexit and trump show that screaming `` control '' is better than argumentation any time of the day . 
  admittedly , you ca n't shut a conversation down in scotland by saying `` do n't talk [ country ] down '' , like you can down south . 
  people are less trapped in that illusory bubble of instinctual nationalistic defense . 
  scotland 's deficit as part of the uk is calculated by apportioning uk-wide costs based on population . 
  scotland 's government has been running every year since its existence a balanced budget since it ca n't borrow , but since you ca n't apportion uk-wide costs like trident and refurbishing westminster to just england , it 's distributed on a per-individual basis as the cost of running the uk . 
  so 10 % is an inflated number , as scotland absorbs the costs of the uk being a g7 power . 
  now , as for how that related to the eu , it does n't . 
  the eu gives suggestions to non-euro countries to lower deficits , but it does n't really care since it has less impact on the system by far . 
  greece is tied into the euro banking system , romania is n't . 
  so the argument has no actual foundation . 
   if scotland does join the eu , a favourable deal between eu and uk will be needed for scotlands trade is heavily reliant on the uk . 
  but how much of that realistically is with the uk company acting as an intermediary for the eu market ? 
  we 've already seen in ireland that while the uk is important , it 's not the most important , and likely to become less so . 
  so scotland is attached to an already small market that is likely to shrink as a result of it 's main customers leaving . 
  how does that benefit scotland ? 
  btw , sturgeon actually promoted staying in the single market , as part of her attempt to `` explore all option '' , she is n't wrong when she says may has not given an inch on compromising with scotland 's interests . 
   scotland being in the uk already abides by a lot of eu regulation but i think economy will be a big factor , otherwise the eu ends up with another greece . 
  if romania , bulgaria and croatia can enter the eu , while having average salaries half the uk minimum wage , how can you talk about the economy being an issue ? 
  we 've had countries in europe go from not-existing , to surviving an actual socio-economic crash that makes 2009 look like a blip , to joining the eu in 14 years . 
  by comparison , this is n't difficult , and you 're severely talking down scotland in terms of infrastructure , legal preparation and financial difficulty . 
  `` how could a war in europe ever start ? '', 
  with shit like this , that 's how . 
  mutual beneficial enmity . 
  or croatia block serbia ? 
  or serbia block albania or kosovo ? 
  do you see why we ca n't allow lone wolves on this and how spain has to consider it 's position wisely ? 
  btw , turkey was never blocked , it never actually lived up to the standards set . 
  does n't matter , the propaganda machine has started up and by tomorrow it will be common wisdom . 
  it will be like the last 3 referendums . 
  lies no one has the strength to question after the 100th time spoken . 
  bigger picture considerations regarding spain , gibraltar , the uk and the issue of territorial division and management post-brexit will come into play . 
  and spain 's treatment of scotland as a territory separating from the uk to join the eu will play into that . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.bankofengland.co.uk/statistics/documents/ms/articles/art1oct09.pdf ) is some info on it . 
  the report is a result from a reform done in 2009 , after one of the commercial banks nearly folded putting it 's issued banknotes into danger . 
  and an even more detailed report : researchbriefings.files.parliament.uk / documents/sn04993/sn04993 . pdf, 
  it 's his fault to be honest . 
  he could have easily blamed the eu for it , by allowing it to do the deal with the consent and supervision of everyone and the parliament . 
  but the national leaders had to be the ones on that airplane , making that negotiation as sovereign states that have a free foreign policy , so they get to carry the blame for it . 
  just , damn , deserts . 
  especially after re-nationalizing schengen in 2012 . 
   turns out germany runs the show after all . 
  run intergovernmental negotiations , get intergovernmental results .
