  i have no problem with this . 
  but could they do it without lowering taxes at the same time ? 
  so did the roman elite . 
  they were still very much roman . 
  do n't shove the ethno-linguistic-religious nationalities of the present onto historical figures . 
  it 's a bad fit . 
  i fucking love it actually . 
  for a moment i was afraid the eu will be weak and try to sacrifice to maintain a semblance of the status quo . 
  but they 've broken it so thoroughly that it now has no choice but to take a firm stance . 
  the moment the papers rejoiced at may 's declaration that she will pay no bill , all i could think of is : all of the buildings , the equipment , the agencies , everything is now ours without a contest in one swoop . 
  there will be no distribution of assets . 
  denying the single market ? 
  i just saw airbus 's jobs moving east and freedom of movement preserved . 
  not one negotiation meeting has been done , and they 've been giving up so much . 
   by using symbols -- including the vergina sun and other symbols that are part of greece 's historical and cultural heritage -- the use of which is prohibited under article 7.2 of the interim accord . 
  other instances of this violation include the renaming skopje 's airport `` alexander the great '' , the raising of statues of alexander the great and philip ii , and naming the section of corridor x that passes through the former yugoslav republic of macedonia `` alexander the macedonian '' , construction of the `` porta macedonia '' arch , the surface of which bears carved reliefs depicting scenes from ancient greek history and the vergina sun , as well as express reference to `` aegean macedonia '' , raising of monuments in katlanovo and tetovo adorned with the vergina sun , raising of monuments in gevgelija , in the municipality of gazi baba , skopje , with depictions of the vergina sun and maps of `` great macedonia '' . 
  of all of it , this entire section makes me cringe . 
  you know what nationality alexander of macedon would have assigned himself if asked ? 
  he would have said that he was the son of zeus/ra/helios , and how dare you speak to him that way you filthy pleb . 
  even among the greek civilization at the time macedonia and it 's family fell under a question mark regarding their cultural cohesion to the hellenic world . 
  almost like russia or turkey to us . 
  so , to hear that macedonia ca n't have a right to him , while correct , but because greece has the true right to him and his dynasty as exclusive heritage is damn bloody insane . 
  this is the diglossia argument all over again , with heads stuck firmly in asses in regards to how much cultural syncretism you can get away with and you 're both terrible by doing it . 
  somebody else being a lunatic is not an excuse to sink down to the same level . 
  in fact it weakens your position by making it harder to actually pick a side since both parties are acting disgracefully . 
   nope . 
  it is important . 
  it 's not . 
  not when it comes to trying to build a mythical continuity with a dead civilization who 'd be alien to you . 
  and not when discussing territorial disputes where having your name on something , does not actually make it yours . 
  it 's asinine . 
   i do n't know where europe seems universal from , but the fact is it is n't . 
  well , ever since franco died and then the iron curtain falling , we 've all fallen closer into step to what the renaissance started . 
  the french revolution , the spring of 1848 , garibaldi 's war , the martyrs of arad , vasil leski , ataturk , even the ill-fated russian revolution sort of brought us closer together in time based on the idea of a common future for mankind . 
  oh it 's far older than that . 
  during the imperial stage both we 're playing against each other in what was termed `` the great game '' . 
  on the flipside , during the cold war , the us actually lost faith in the uk intelligence service due to several leaks and what was perceived as attempts by the foreign office to continue the policy of playing everyone against each other . 
  but yeah , the uk using anything else but gps would be a huge political issue . 
  the government is filled with atlanticists who 've padded over trident 's us dependencies for decades , they 're used to it . 
  the eu or russia ca n't afford that sort of lobbying . 
  directed at me : i know that i 've been denied housing on account of being romanian . 
  nothing much besides that . 
  about other people : there 's small time bigotries everywhere . 
  numerous and varied beyond counting , because there 's never a shortage of assholes in the world . 
  even in politics and on tv , there are quite a few who try to win points by trying to scapegoat another population for whatever trouble is happening . 
  as for why we stick together , both national and european level ? 
  despite what some people think , nothing to do with common background . 
  there are many multi-religious states , multi-ethnic states , or multi-lingual states , and our politics is all over the place . 
  we try to play the `` common background '' card too hard and half our states would end up like bosnia . 
  even `` homogeneous '' states have varied and deep regionalist cultures with their own history and traditions . 
  we get along because we try to , best we can honestly . 
  secularism , minority rights , regional representation , coalition-centric system , strong constitutions . 
  it 's all very fragile . 
  why are you blaming the eu for the eurozone crisis ? 
  you do realize the eurozone was separated from the eu , because of fear from the uk and sweden of it dominating it . 
  so it was seperated into a eurogroup governance of member states and their finance ministers , who then created another separate organization the esm to issue bailouts . 
  in fact , after juncker meet with tsipras privately . 
  schauble made a statement that it was n't the commission 's job to talk to greece about the eurocrisis , and suggested that the commission could be disbanded and replaced with something less intrusive . 
  upvoted for absurdity . 
  contract glonass for military operations ? 
  i 'd like to see that . 
  welcome to how negotiations work , and why the word `` could '' was used . 
  you can portray the eu as the mean bully to scapegoat how deep in the shit you are . 
  but damn , if you 've not made a point of making sure that deeper in the shit you go . 
  apparently the uk already received legal advice that the eu 's commitments do n't apply to it , a fact that may has embrace . 
  and galileo is one of those commitments . 
  actually maybe it 's the countries who suffer most from corruption that have most to offer in terms of lessons and advice , do n't you think ? 
  for the last few years western media has been puzzling over the left/right mix of the new demagogues ( populists ) , as they 've steadily gained more support . 
  to romanian 's this is something we 've know about for a decade and a half , experienced , got tired of , and have moved on to the next stage . 
  progressivism in romania has taken a more juridic than political form as a result . 
  and it 's the same with corruption . 
  the west has plenty of examples of it being discovered too late . 
  fillon employing family ? 
  sarkozy taking campaign funding bribes ? 
  german government making way for dieselgate ? 
  wulff taking bribes ? 
  there 's never any lack for quid-pro-quo in politics , and a society secure in it 's incorruptibility might not see what is staring them in the face . 
  an outside view is always helpful . 
  well i 'm sorry you feel that way . 
  but as a romanian and as a european , i 'm not going to `` watch my mouth in front of my betters '' . 
  because having one 's ancestors win one victory , does n't immunize society from backsliding . 
  `` it could never happen here . '', 
  has always been incorrect , and in my opinion both the west and the east are fast forgetting the foundations of the modern democratic state in favour of easy answers and neoliberal corporate control . 
   `` europe wake up '' how is that cocky ? 
  we 're trying to achieve something , and in the face of opposing corrupt , populist , and autocratic winning in other countries . 
  i 'd say it 's more a cry for help most of the time . 
   i did n't mean to insult anyone . 
  well you did . 
  apparently in response to a french redditor 's post . 
  maybe chill a bit on the bashing next time . 
  do n't be petty . 
  you 're very unlikely to see a romanian making the comparison to begin with , you do n't need to add insult in our direction because of it . 
  that being said , the fillon protest comes under a huge question mark regarding what the protest is about for me . 
  why protest to protect a politician from investigation ? 
  what does it achieve ? 
  oh , i 'm pretty sure there were romanian roma pretending to be bosnian or croat , if not other romanian ethnics as well . 
  the 90s were an age of shameless opportunism , and germany very likely has decent provenance interviews as a result . 
  the issue i think it 's tracking . 
  the bad experiences with refugees and migrants so far has been from people that disappear . 
  everything else are social and political arguments that run thin as pressure builds up .
