  i also support weapons held at home as part of an occupation or conscription , with intent to be returned when out of service . 
  i do not support every idiot with money and will getting to be able to kill someone with a pull of a trigger . 
  they are not toys , they hold a great deal of responsability . 
  and that should be how they should be treated , a privilege gained from society , not a personal right dolled out mindlessly . 
  one guy thinks he sees something , shoots . 
  the other guy sees the guy shooting and shoots at him . 
  a guy nextdoor thinks he 's the one being shot at and shots back . 
  we 've had military forces fall into that quagmire . 
  and they expect people without training or instilled disciplined to avoid it . 
  is this really the czech government ? 
  do you think good people think about the times they 'll need to shoot someone ? 
  that they feel the need to put out the effort and money into acquiring and owning one ? 
  gun ownership is a sign of fear and insecurity . 
  if it becomes a necessity for normal people the state has failed . 
  and by allowing more guns to circulate , it only decreases that sense of security as people now expect a criminal to shoot them , because why would n't he be armed . 
  this is your life now , a life where everything is much more dangerous than otherwise . 
  it 's in the context that the uk has chosen to fully back saudi arabia 's influence in the region . 
  i do n't know if you can call that choosing the lesser evil though . 
  and he expects that only good , decent people take advantage of this ? 
  people who themselves would have no business owning a weapon in an ideal world ? 
  i expect if we do see `` hybrid warfare '' as the minister warns , they 'll be armed with czech issued guns . 
  if we do see that , or any connection between a crime and a czech supplier , i hope people in the rest of the union see sense and give czechia back its sovereignty , its borders , and its right to self-harm without involving others . 
  the eu is its member states . 
  if the member states block things to please their operators , there 's nothing the rest of the eu can do . 
  do you even know where your government stands on this ? 
  the council has a lot of power over legislation , and an embarrassing amount lobbying . 
  simply put , if the government of germany wants to meet with their telecom operators and do their bidding , the eu ca n't disagree because , well , `` muh sovereignty '' . 
  so national operators have been using their respective governments to cripple the motion for years , which is why it took a decade to do . 
  we 've seen the same thing with media-liberalisation due to national copyright monopolies . 
  and almost every major national industry . 
  the extreme nationalists tend to put too much power into their states , taking from people . 
  regions and the eu . 
  the wise nationalist recognize that for the good of everyone , powers and responsibilities have to be divided where they make sense . 
  the mindless european ethno-nationalists have poisoned the word , and they can never be forgiven for that . 
   but suddenly the things starts going bad way in the mid of 17th century . 
  from what i read it started exactly when liberum veto was implemented . 
  having one fool or charlatan stop everything . 
  although arguably this was n't the only thing . 
  the hungarian magnates also had their own series of powers over the state , and they chose to weaken it so they 'd have more freedoms until the ottomans took advantage of the weakness and invaded . 
  honestly , as someone incredibly paranoid about the russian government , no . 
  they do n't really do much , not now and not historically . 
  they 're supposed to serve as a warning sign , expecting a follow up but we have no follow-up . 
  by and large , it 's the only tool european leaders have at their disposal to act outside the eu borders . 
  as the recent syrian frustration has shown , eu leaders are powerless on the world stage . 
  without reform , this is as best as we can do , despite achieving little to nothing . 
  we 're going to get another wallonia moment , where member states run around to figure out what the fuck is happening when it finally comes time for europarl to vote and it flexes it 's muscles . 
  we , the public , will have less information to work on regarding the negotiations since member states are disinclined in discussing eu matters with their electorate when they 're not trying to scapegoat it . 
  the europarl and it 's commitees by comparison are very transparent . 
  this is also a sign that member states are still dedicated to monopolizing powers , and likely a warning for their eventual attempt to sabotage the spitzenkandidat system in 2019 to return to the system where they pick the president of the commission behind close doors . 
  yeah , congrats , whatever your reasoning you managed to help completely fuck up high-end diplomatic negotiations . 
  lifetime achievement award for you . 
  and i bet you 're going to tell others that your reasoning was sound . 
  which is complete piss . 
  we 're trying to stabilize the damn neighborhood , prevent it from blowing the hell up , and you 're going to go on and say it 's about `` fighting corruption '' . 
  the netherlands is doing nothing to fight corruption . 
  the netherlands is standing in the way of the eppo , for fuck sake . 
  and now , to please the hysterical twits , it 's going to go ahead and throw a spanner in the working of the continent . 
  but like i said , congrats on the shitshow . 
   that 's what people voted for after all . 
  did they ? 
  because the admission from the opposition was a blunt `` it was not about ukraine , it was about the eu '' . 
  this is bullshit , all of it . 
  i 'm not even going to pretend that referendum was run honestly . 
  this is ideological zealotry that attaches to anything it can push it 's agenda onto . 
  of course he did nothing according to you . 
  nothing could have possibly pleased you short of no deal at all . 
  what i see , considering the lack of security promises , is showing russia that it can do whatever it likes . 
  this is a complete repeat of the 2011 cameron veto of the financial reforms , which the europhobes underplayed despite the havoc that it subsequently caused internally in the eu . 
  sneaked into / r/thenetherlands . 
  apparently people are not happy with this , despite the concessions . 
  so rutte is pulling a cameron , and hindering everything while legitimizing his opposition 's inane hysteria . 
  i imagine this is now going to form part of the pvv 's election platform . 
  this is the interpretation that the parliament reject , since it sidelines it to an `` exchange of views '' . 
  which is completely mental , considering it 's role in signing-off on the treaty , and it 's nature as the eu 's only directly elected chamber . 
  hopefully it 's getting changed tonight . 
  anything else is an attack on democratic oversight , in favor of political elitism . 
  the question is though , who suggested this wording ? 
  which person in the council machine thought to push for the sidelining of the parliament in negotiations ? 
  is it council policy ? 
  you can own a flat . 
  of course , i grew up in several and am less fussed , seeing gardened houses as where you visit your retired grandparents and where you 'll retire yourself . 
  although i understand . 
  having lived in uk tenement buildings , it 's obvious why people would want to avoid them . 
  was also surprised to find out that it 's a rarity if not impossible to find a building administration or a flat association managing a building to actually discuss improving things . 
  if someone wanted `` good use of space '' , they 'd build 4 storey tenement clusters with district heating . 
  there 's a pleasant middle ground between the row housing and the tower block , that provides the same comforts , leaves space for public areas , and gives sufficient density for services . 
  car parking is perfectly capable of being placed underground . 
  unfortunately i have yet to see this done in the uk . 
  in comparison , the row housing seems like a cheap attempt at giving the impression of the `` model suburban home '' without any of the comforts involved in space and privacy , and all of the drawbacks . 
  sorry , you 're perfectly right . 
  but we are at a time where we 're seeing an increase in european intergovernmental organizations , such as the new patent court , that will face the same miss-administration problems . 
  and the `` collegiate system '' of administration by committee has been implemented to eu institution like frontex , it 's successor , and the future eppo . 
  the lack of responsibility for this mess inside the patent office , is largely a result of distribution of responsibility through the admin council , who represent members that have no time or interest in paying attention to the problem . 
  since a lot of them are eu members , this paints a dire picture . 
  the logic of consumerism where population leads to consumption , leads to production leads to employment is looking like it 's going to break down . 
  industrial automation is doing to the production workforce what the second industrial revolution did to the agricultural workforce : creating a large amount of unemployed quickly . 
  it 's entirely possible that consumerist employment will no longer be a certainty in the future , and we 're looking at an idle manpower future . 
  that is a source of instability . 
  okay , i 'm going to give that bellow a certain point population numbers start mattering . 
  but it 's definitely a situation of `` diminishing returns '' , where more population goes from benefiting to hurting you .
