  we 've already made the damn deal and people like you are still not happy . 
  we do not have a niue for n africa . 
  largely because no one gave a shit until now . 
  but this `` nothing is being done '' bullshit is just that . 
  a delusional grab for your arguments to maintain relevance as the actual solution increase in complexity beyond your ability to understand them . 
  again , asking questions instead of thinking . 
  we 're not omniescent . 
  we dont know why people are drowning , until we get them out of the water . 
  and then we dont throw them back in because we 're not monsters . 
  and have you not heard of the lampedusa or moria camps ? 
  did breibart not tell you about them ? 
  we have issues . 
  all of them are a result of running 27 different systems on police , border and asylum and we ca n't do shit because the anti-immigration crowd is also the anti-integration crowd . 
  so enjoy the clusterfuck that everyone knew about back in 1992 during the yugo wars . 
  since the ability to learn anything is obviously lacking . 
  if victor wants them out he 'd be the one giving greece support and travelling to african and me countries to make deals . 
  instead all the money goes to a fake wall instead of our southern border , so that people like you can get a show out of him being strong . 
  if the crisis ever stopped he 'd actually lose support , he might want greece and turkey to fail holding them back . 
  so another nabbucco pipe dream ? 
  let 's make a habit of letting people drown fisherman and yachts everywhere will thank you for that bit of policy change . 
  they just have to look and yell like europeans while inhalling water and paddling for their lives . 
  i ca n't believe something as simple as the most customary and ancient law of the sea is beyond some people . 
  edit . 
  what is this `` no vetting '' bullshit . 
  we actually do process , interview and background check . 
  are you getting your facts from breibart ? 
  it 's been two years . 
  and i do n't have the energy to give to this `` simple solution '' tripe . 
  how about you start searching for the answers to those questions yourself . 
  starting tip : we dont consider invading countries to return migrants or shooting people at sea solutions . 
  we 're `` weak '' like that . 
  you 're right !, 
  damn . 
  i wish i had more that one downvote to give to my own pseudo intelectual rant . 
  what does being romanian have to do with it ? 
  gullibility to strong leaders that lie to your face is bloody universal . 
  maybe you also admire how he 's moving his residence next to the royal castle and staffing goverment with fidesz cronies ? 
  maybe you hope dragnea takes note and turns our country into a one party state that does big speeches about culture and sovereignty ? 
  maybe you regret we shoot the last bastard that did that ? 
  with what navy ? 
  the member states control the sea and borders . 
  should the eu nationalize the italian and greek navies ? 
  and there was no damn invitation . 
  the speech was done after hungary gave up holding refugees and were bussing them to austria . 
  was the quota system a cynical german plan to get rid of the refugees once hungary and greece failed their dublin commitments ? 
  yes !, 
  germans dont want them either . 
  but what it was n't was the bleeding heart invitation the alt right propaganda brigade naively picked up on . 
  because they need an scapegoat like an addict needs heroin . 
  man is getting downvoted for suggesting hungary liberate itself from brussels tyranny ? 
  he 's only saying in summary what orban right now is sending long questionare forms on . 
  the eu will continue performing like shit as long as the council does `` management by committee '' with people like orban leading the very institution they then complain against . 
  the eu is currently an advisory service for national goverments , like the europhobes always wanted . 
  it 's not responsible for borders , for employment , for forein affairs , etc. 
  now watch them squirm as they react in confusion on why this `` every nation for itself '' system is n't working . 
  `` germany , it must be germany . 
  my ideas would work if it did n't exist . '', 
  that seems to be the new line of defence . 
  you know why that worked ? 
  because no one wants to be processed in hungary . 
  no one wants to stay there . 
  and greece and italy , the countries that are real bottlenecks , instead of bypassable small north balkan country , are too overwhelmed to do the same . 
  germany ca n't close it 's border because that 's where they want to be and get processed . 
  it 's not actually a solution . 
  so here we are , germany relies on italy and greece for border control . 
  greece and italy rely on everyone for support . 
  and orban is in a corner playing with himself pretending he is relevant to the mass of fawning idiot fantasists . 
  mszp 's , as bad as it was , biggest crime was having a leader that was too honest and not paranoid enough . 
  it 's looking like fidesz has set out to never make that mistake . 
  paranoia and dishonesty are now treasured achievements . 
  the only difference between fidesz and the cdu is that the later rules a receiving country who 's trying to avoid humanitarian issues due to historic baggage , while fidesz rules a slither of land that can be bypassed and is unimportant diplomatically . 
  back in 2012 when italy and greece were keeping the tide at bay , they both had the exact same podition : enforce dublin , give no help , take no one . 
  the alt right has selective amnesia and hates merkel so that part of history has been forgotten . 
  also the black sea and the caucassus . 
  turkey overall would be a big geopolitical win . 
  and if we can revive kermalism a huge loss to both islamic reactionaries looking for an ally and european reactionaries looking for an enemy . 
  well consider that the royal family before the 20th spoke german . 
   the upper class in the uk standardized itself with rp but regional accents and dialects were pronounced before the `` public '' schools opened . 
  you 're right that the middle class adopted it eagerly as a way to feign aristocracy when it developed during the late 19th . 
  but rp before that was an artificial mix , heavily influenced by thames dialects , that promised the regional aristocracy ( like scottish lords paying for london mansions with wool profits while scots were seen as todays romanians ) that they could fit in and be seen as educated rather than backwater hicks . 
  it works the other way around as well . 
  you 're not going to strutt around that perfect rp tending bar in newcastle . 
  class , regional , and political belonging are worryingly intertwinned . 
  the working class northern labour voter is not just a stereotype , its a heritage . 
  idiomatic phrasing is universally a fuck you to new language learners . 
  german is not unique . 
  every language developes these shibboleths as part of day-to-day conversation as if to test that you 're not an android spy . 
  wow , orban is the right 's chavez . 
  such adoring worship of someone who 's only interest is power with the eu replacing the us as the scapegoat . 
  wonder what excuses youll make for him when the curtain falls and we get to see what was behind the show . 
  actually received pronounciation was an attempt to get rid of regional and class accent differences , and equalize society . 
  but because that `` equalization '' only happened in private and high class educational establishments it became itself an upper class affectation . 
  to appreciate british history , one has to have a good sense of irony . 
   and their debts with it ? 
  no , thanks !, 
   and they 'd have to get in the european union to do that , and they rejected it , anyway . 
  pretty much the level of economic and political insight i 've come to expect around the topic . 
  keep it up . 
  not everyone who 's been helping the french flag has been french . 
  :p the bitcoin symbol is already hard enough to push back , might as well team up .
