  but i 'm honestly not surprised that someone would defend this non-sense because i 'd feel the same of `` my way of life '' , as if i 'm interested in preserving any traditionalist non-sense of my own . 
  but i 'm a damn liberal , of the old persuasion , all traditionalism is in my sights by default . 
  i ca n't begin to unpiece the bad narrative you 've built up . 
  i do n't like the modern left which romanticizes the civil rights struggle to the point of inane cargo cult following , but i definitely ca n't get behind how `` it was n't that bad '' , and act as is there was any justice or logic in how things went . 
  people got the vote , because they fought for it . 
  democracy is property insurance for the rich . 
  not because `` it made sense '' . 
  it 's not disrespectful to wear your uniform of state . 
  whatever that uniform may be . 
  this is pandering . 
  and that send the wrong message . 
  it would be a nice gesture by a regular person , but they are n't regular people . 
  they have a lot of responsibilities , and they are expected to hold their own on foreign territory . 
  this is n't a church . 
  and they are n't guests . 
  these are people doing they jobs , and coming in from a long flight to be meet with business negotiations . 
  it 's weird the analogies people are putting up . 
  these are n't regular civilians , doing regular civilian things . 
   reddit loves circlejerking about sweden muslims and feminism . 
  you have no idea how embarrassing it is to find oneself on the same side of those people , because some have a grade school understanding of what diplomacy is and think going native opens any hearts at all . 
  all it does is water down our reputation , as the people of iran see our representatives fall into line just like everyone else . 
  or it shows you 're in a position where you 're willing to bend backwards the moment you leave the plane , for the sake of getting anything at all . 
  let 's remember that iran regularly deals with russia and china , countries who have the diplomatic sensitivity of a rhino . 
  but they need each other , so they cut deals , because that 's the way of the world . 
  this is n't going to impress anyone , considering that . 
  no , a pointless sign of disrespect is going out of your way to do something that is disrespectful . 
  especially when all you are doing is wearing your regular uniform of state . 
  in fact , we can turn the argument around and say that imposing their dress code on those traveling to deal with you , is itself an act of disrespect . 
  and this is why diplomatic immunity exists , and no one forces anyone to bend over for someone else before negotiations have even started . 
  this is n't diplomacy , i 'm sorry . 
  this is someone trying to be `` neat '' , with good intentions , but no acumen . 
  diplomats are expected to stand their own as much as bend to pressure , because in the end they represent the country . 
  this is actually a bit embarrassing . 
  sorry , triggered . 
  :( the term has become so watered down it 's hard to tell anymore . 
  because they 're foreign delegates . 
  they represent the country they are from , and are given various legal protections to allow them to do so . 
  if they went into a mosque , it 'd be understandable that they put themselves in a situation that required diplomatic restraint . 
  but doing this in the simple process of doing their job , is more than a little beneath them . 
   as an open and humanist person would just like to point out that humanists freed slaves illegaly , burned churches , killed kings , fought against the death penalty , and just generally were assholes to anyone who did n't respect basic tenants of universal human rights . 
  humanist means that you have standards , and you 're willing to fight for them . 
  not that you accept anything that can be passed off as a `` cultural element '' . 
   seriously fuck these retarded feminists . 
  i was with you up until this point . 
  take into account that the suffragettes threw themselves in front of horses and starved themselves to death simply to make a point . 
  the movement used to have a spine and skin so thick it was armour . 
  this is just cultural relativism and `` would n't it be nice '' leaking through . 
  the right does it as well . 
  like i said , small country playing small country politics , and self-finlandizing as a result . 
  it does n't have to be this way . 
  we do n't have to be lead by the nose by iran , saudi , or russia , to get things done . 
  we do n't have to pander continuously to look like we 're not taking sides . 
  we can be above this non-sense . 
  stop being hyperbolic . 
  nothing i said remotely approached `` imposing our beliefs and values on other countries '' . 
  we 're not `` knocking down every cultural belief '' simply by maintaining the form and function of our foreign delegations . 
  this , this right here , is a puerile form of diplomacy , that is all . 
  and that 's how it will be interpreted , by people who have had to deal with russia , china and india up until now . 
  there 's respect and then there 's appeasement . 
  it would be perfectly understandable for them to wear their regular attire as representatives of a foreign delegation . 
  they were trying to be nice , i understand that , but this is not the right way to go about it . 
   we do n't have to , you 're right . 
  we have the choice not to go to iran and these countries , but we do anyway . 
  it 's really basic stuff than can improve relations between countries . 
  it 's pandering and watering down the european brand . 
  and in a cut-throat region , where relationships are defined by need , a pointless gesture . 
  no one 's going to throw an extra billion on a contract because you kow-tow . 
   and , i mean , the hijab is n't that bad . 
  i have an issue with the burka , which i think is offensive to women . 
  but the hijab is basically just a scarf , and can come in all different styles and patterns . 
  if ataturk saw fit to ban it from being worn by public officials , i do n't see why we should do any different . 
  covering of hair has been a christian tradition as well , and it dissipated for the same reason . 
  we are secular societies , by and large , and it 's what separates us from a world mired in sectarian conflict . 
  we should treasure it . 
   it 's about sweden . 
  sweden and parts of the west has to choose between shiites ( iran ) and wahhabis ( saudi arabia ) . 
  it 's a lose-lose . 
  no , we do n't . 
  we 're not a tiny country needing a hegemon , despite us thinking like one . 
  we can be our own faction , with our own interests and goals that others can align to , we just choose not to because we 're still mentally unprepared for the responsibility . 
   iran has the right to expect people to follow their culture norm , as do we . 
  i really hate it that both the left and the right have taken up cultural relativism as a thing . 
  no , we should n't bow to traditions either foreign or domestic out of an expectation to follow cultural norms . 
  that 's just returning to medieval europe . 
  our continent 's cultural foundation rests on a subtle form of iconoclasm and rule bending . 
  they could , but that is cutting off relations with europe at a time they 're trying to do the opposite . 
  there 's no reason for us to pander . 
  it does n't matter , all foreign officials have diplomatic immunity . 
  he is n't wrong . 
  as much as i hate it , the ethno-nationalists won in europe and have stolen the word . 
  there 's a handful of exceptions , but when the nationalists get together , they 're not invited . 
  and the scary part is that 's the nationalism that bannon identifies with , and aims to support both in here and the us . 
  civic nationalism comes across as godless liberalism to him . 
  i 've been on the receiving end of the scottish independence media campaign , and i do n't think it 's actually a `` click-driven policy '' it seems to be a systematic `` blind spot '' in the political consciousness . 
  i 've seen the treasury boldly breach the law regarding leaks , not even lie that they did it , and the media just let them go because it served the narrative . 
  i 've seen msps be attacked on air before they even open their mouths . 
  i 've seen the bbc actually recut a press conference so they can lie about what was said . 
  i 've seen arguments against scottish independence used against brexit , and be dismissed without further notice because `` it wo n't happen '' , just like that . 
  there 's a duality in how things are reported in the uk , and it 's become fairly obvious . 
  where ?
