   aber selbstverst\u00e4ndlich wissen wir , dass es in der geschichte kein schwarz und wei\u00df gibt what is right and wrong , really ? 
  what is truth and lie ? 
  all of it is about point of view !, 
  apparently someone 's on the alt/far-right mailing list . 
  that 's interesting . 
  well , good news / u/irondragongx , looks like you 've got yourself a destination !, 
  [ we 're already getting it from the russians . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t65swzhabes ) the former-imperials are full of themselves . 
  i suspect that foreigners means non-eu . 
  you left out the most common denominator of `` do nothing '' , which tends to win most of the time currently . 
  [ it 's older than the eu ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/has-the-chimera-of-a-multi-speed-europe-already-reared-its-head/ ), 
  well , they have to compete with the likes of rotterdam and antwerp , and they 're definitely not going to manage that through a competitive location or better efficiency . 
  that being said , i 'd like to remind people that olaf can only offer suggestions to member states it ca n't prosecute . 
  the agency that can prosecute , the eppo , has been held back by ( among others ) the netherlands who is directly effected by this fraud . 
  if you are dutch , please contact your government to end their obstruction of the eppo . 
  suicidal ideation is part of the process . 
  the survival instinct does n't really kick in as you 're doing it . 
  it becomes a sort of insistent daydreaming , so you can do `` small things '' along the way hoping to make it easier on yourself . 
  sort of push yourself in the direction . 
  the actual `` get it done '' process is sudden and terrifying though . 
  at that moment , someone who `` happens '' to have his ducks in line is likelier to go through with it than someone who did n't act on his desire to plan it out . 
   anyway , they spoke greek , their culture was greek and most of them were ethnically greek therefore your argument is refuted . 
  trigger warnings should have been placed . 
  more like christendom . 
  europe was barely a thing back then , and used fairly exclusively to the latin-germanic section of christendom through the influence of the carolingian empire . 
  i 'm not quite sure how the byzantines saw themselves and their geography . 
  but if they did n't see themselves as the center of a political-geophaphic world stretching across the mediterranean , through the levant and to the far side of syria , i 'd be genuinely surprised . 
  to them , the west were barbarians . 
  lesson from eastern europe : empires suck , no exceptions . 
  the poles dislike the russians , the bulgarians the turkish , the hungarians are less fussed about the germans 150 years after the martyrs of arad . 
  but we 've been burned by everyone , and that 's what was learned . 
  \\ _ hopped \\ _ is more than a bit of a unionist . 
  the british kind . 
   gladio was a nato stay behind force operation , no cia link has ever been proved despite 6 parliamentary inquiry in 4 separate nato states . 
  they also never found any evidence of cia involvement in the contra affair and drug smuggling . 
  every time an investigation was made it was found that it was all a bunch of disconnected individuals that happened to have had ties with the cia . 
  excuse me , if i do n't believe the organization responsible for `` operation ajax '' and tasked with secrecy and foreign interference had nothing to do with nato 's stay behind force . 
   you can put more bodies at the feet of italian communists , german communists , russian communists , the mob and far right ultra nationalists like the new order and the black guard then you can at the cia . 
  let me give you the standard response to both russian and american `` tu quoque '' / `` whataboutism '' : a pox on both your houses . 
  honestly , his post was so incoherent that all i could make out was his missuse of terms . 
  checking his history i see your point . 
  fyi deer have been a destructive pest , especially in areas that have seen hunting of wolves and bears in the past . 
  now two wrong usually do n't make a right . 
  but if for whatever reason your big predator count goes down , either bad luck or stupidity , deer have to be hunted down on a regular basis to keep their numbers in check . 
  otherwise they destroy the entire forest as they eat the saplings and debark the trees . 
  they 're also dangerous as hell during mating season . 
  ehh , you 'd have to be very liberal with their influence to get that territorial occupation . 
  you also have to be very liberal with your definitions to classify the kievan rus as a proto-russian state , let alone a direct antecedent of what will eventually become the russian federation . 
  i really do n't understand the question and it 's purpose in the context of my post . 
  what does `` marginalising '' mean in this situation , and who are the `` 2nd tier '' ? 
  why sarcasm , they definitely would have . 
  they were the biggest advocates for expansion to prevent further integration from happening . 
   personally , i think inheriting a civilization runs a bit deeper than copying some stuff from them . 
  but if you believe that 's all it takes , that 's probably why were disagreeing . 
  i agree on this completely . 
  because if copying does n't imply inheritance then we have zero connection with the roman and ancient greek culture outside of maybe a few countries . 
  the entire concept of `` modern western civilization '' goes down the drain . 
  you might think we copied the romans and greeks because of some `` feeling of superiority of their values to ours '' , but the christian world would have none of that especially from pagans . 
  we literally took arabic texts , that preserved ancient roman and greek thought , and proceeded to copy them because they did things better back then . 
  our entire civilizational foundation rests on turning our back on christendom , in favour of copying long-dead pagans . 
  and the fact that the ottomans did the same , to the point of naming themselves inheritors of rome , plays into the greater trend of european cultural formation . 
  also , the comparison with saudi arabia is apt . 
  because it 's meaningful how few institutions they copied . 
  they 're more similar to a medieval satrapy or kingdom than a modern nation and that makes all the difference . 
  mechanical technology does n't play into it , that 's just stuff . 
  thanks for that . 
  thought it had some link with the from the roman `` pileus '' . 
   the ottomans were nomads that slowly took over and realized that the best way to rule over their new subjects was to institute western institutions and people to do it for them . 
  not western , roman . 
  there was nothing western about the ottoman/byzantine imperial system at the time . 
  the european west was dominated by varied feudal electorates at the time which became the dominant system till the renaissance re-started the copying of roman civic forms in the west . 
   the ottoman history starting sometime in the 18th century is essentially just being quickly overtaken by western powers as far as power goes and struggling to keep up by attempting to copy western ways . 
  ottoman history at the 18th century pretty much mimicked the habsburg history . 
  what were essentially the two main powers in europe slowly degraded as they were overshadowed by the new colonial empires . 
  you have to take both the ottoman and habsburg empires as part of the same package to understand their history . 
   i have no idea what you are talking about with your accusation of ethnic centric chavanism . 
  seems like a thinly veiled way to call me a racist to me . 
  do n't be sensitive . 
  you were just using words and notions that simply have no meaning in a historical or political context . 
   what about ottoman culture closely resembles byzantine culture other than administrative practices that ** were adopted because they were better , not because the ottomans saw some virtue in them . 
  ** what 's the difference ? 
  you see what you want to see honestly . 
  everything you know of modern anatolia is turkish to you not byzantine , so you assume that the empire was `` turkified '' . 
  everything in modern china to you is chinese , so you assume that the yuan were `` chinefied '' . 
  you 're applying the logic backwards . 
  it was n't really an attempt at modernizing or done begrudgingly . 
  you 're using 20th century ethno-state chauvinist thinking for historical feudal and imperial relationships . 
  to the ottoman dynasty they were taking over what amounts to a company as the new ceo , similar to how the yuan dynasty took over china . 
  they inherited the institutions and problems , they had the internal sectarian conflict , the difficulty maintaining control in what is now armenia , the rivalry with venice , the arab egypt and the persian empire in the east ( whatever the name was at the time ) . 
  they also inherited the orthodox patriarchy , mount athos , the system based on a codified law and the entire imperial management system . 
  the ottoman sultan 's behaved just like western kings . 
  as virtuous as needed to maintain a public image , otherwise amoral bastards who did what they wanted . 
  downvoted for using modern 19th century created entho-identities in a historical contest . 
  the names and a lot of the borders are `` modernized '' to fit existing states . 
  russia is the blatant standout here , since nothing like it actually existed in the east at the time . 
  thinking of any pre-modern monarchical regime as a state in the modern sense is a mistake . 
  they were more like alliances of land-owners . 
  it was ingrained so well , that there were constant conflicts between orthodox and monophysites . 
  one abrahamic sect replaced by another abrahamic sect makes very little difference in the grand scheme of things . 
  eventually the muslim ottoman sultan , got the same treatment as the orthodox romanov tsar and the catholic bourbon king .
