  but a cultural rule-set that does not guide a person to increasing his sense of importance in his community will always be abandoned . 
  that sense of importance is defined by personal wealth . 
  note , not necessarily money , land or stuff , but wealth . 
  resources any sort ( social or physical ) that assist in survival . 
  because when someone puts a velvet glove on an iron fist , it does n't make them a `` softie leftie '' . 
  we frame the individual-social dynamics as a form of contractual obligation for a reason , not just `` for the feels '' . 
  and what you see as `` preferential treatment '' is occasionally `` pin-point surgery '' with a desired outcome . 
  it 's tiring arguing the `` personal responsability '' issue when the shit reality is that people are given random cards and nothing is a given except pain and disappointment , not even self-control . 
  they also timed it to coincide with the hungarian anti-eu propaganda disguised as a questionnaire . 
  got ta give orban his due , he knows how to play the three ring circus . 
  give a person a choice between wealth and culture , and wealth will likely win out . 
  culture tries to tilt the scale , but culture does n't put food on the table . 
  want enlightened self-interest ? 
  fine , fuck empathy then , do n't care . 
  when you have educational outcomes statistically proven to parallel socio-economic wellbeing , guess what ? 
  it costs less to intervene and avoid another societal reject rather than letting someone rot inside their initial environment and effect the rest . 
  there , that 's the sociopathic `` dog-eat-dog '' explanation . 
  social position and criminal-affinity are inherited as a result of learning/raising environments . 
  human beings can be manipulated to get out using carrot-stick behavioral techniques . 
  and we all benefit from having less desperate , broken people running around throwing spanners into the works . 
  life is unfair , the world suck , and shrugging off doing something cause you ca n't be arsed is a sign of short-sighted stupidity in an enclosed word where your neighbour can decide to kill and rob you if he 's desperate enough . 
  sorry , but now i 've got my hands on the un study on roma and romanian health care you 're likely quoting , i ca n't help to correct it . 
  as corrupt and difficult health care is in romania : there is no institutional discrimination against roma . 
  we actually , as the un paper says , need to make programs specifically targeted at roma because their difficulties are unique and honestly self-created . 
  that 's why the mediator program was necessary . 
  all our problems are not actually institutional , we actually have minority protection enshrined in the constitution . 
  they relate with inter-ethnic tensions that both communities cause and the individual discrimination that happens on both sides . 
  the fact that one is an ethnic minority does not lessen that perpetuation of the conflict through the roma crime-families and their influence in their communities keeps destroying trust . 
  as for maro temm , i 'll be honest is sounds like the beginnings of a ghetto , reading through it , it sounds like nothing that has n't been tried before one way or another . 
  as others have said on this board , from multiple countries , the entire thing will be torn down by it 's residents before they move on . 
  call it prejudice , but i think of it as experience . 
   i 'm romanian , immigrated when i was 10 years old and i spend the past 10 years around europe working in it . 
   99 % of europeans will have no issues pointing out how `` not european '' they look when they see them . 
  we are hire wired to notice patterns . 
  as someone who gets confused for a south american by westerners : lol . 
   that 's quite intriguing what you say ... we have plenty of gypsies here , and some of them are even quite integrated - with a job and dressing casually , not in those traditional clothes you see most of them wearing , but you can still see they are ethnic gypsi . 
  well if it 's been a few generation since his family even used the word `` tigan '' for themselves , what are you going to do about it ? 
  you 're only as ethnic as you claim to be , and `` tigan '' is a swear word , so surprise , you 're going to get gypsy-looking romanians . 
  even among gypsies , not a lot look like they could star in `` black cat , white cat '' . 
   if you put the whole of the developing and emerging world together , it does n't match the importance of china in the economic and technological fields . 
  you may not like it , but that 's how it is . 
  you are right , and my arguments are based on that truth . 
  china is extremely competent and capable . 
  chine is extremely large . 
  china is extremely ambitious . 
  and if we were all a small country , we 'd do right to align ourselves with them . 
  but collectively we are not , we are a regional power on the eurasian land-mass . 
  and china is a competitor . 
  our allies are its neighbors . 
  do n't know what to tell you . 
  maybe 500 years has allowed sufficient communities to `` romanianize '' in the area and fit in . 
  or maybe you do n't have a sufficiently large set of `` gypsy '' physiology experienced , because i 've honestly never seen a gypsy which i could confuse for an indian or vice-versa . 
  but you will insult someone eventually if you start making such assumptions . 
  you misunderstand . 
  i am not looking for advice , or for examples , or as a counter-point in the style of `` you have no idea '' . 
  get yourself out there , put in the time , and see the vicious circle that both communities are taking part in to understand and provide a genuine synthesis rather than a rough-shod `` square peg/round hole methodology '' . 
  we have ghettos , we have family gangs , and we have ethnic minorities . 
  mostly these are seperate , but when they all meet , they meet in the roma community ( because as you say , history ) . 
  and then those communities use ethno-traditionalism to excuse their own self-exclusion and actually punish those trying to help for getting involved in `` changing their culture '' , deeping romanian mistrust in return . 
  and the west is not helping , we need to break the ghetto 's , we need to break the gangs , we need to break the link between cultural traits and their deep conservatism . 
  we do n't have a solution , and the failure of `` western model '' solutions only makes our own chauvinists more proeminent . 
  do something , or at the very least do n't make it worse by arguing for cures that do n't work . 
  where are you from ? 
  because growing up in craiova , got to say , you 're not going to get that impression . 
  country side living will give the same shine , especially in some of the poorer towns . 
  it 's always been the shitty/traditional clothes and attitude that were the cues , never how people looked . 
  and if you actually bothered to ask around some of the beggars in the west , you 'll find out not all of them are gypsies . 
  plenty of poor romanians who 're finding easier ways of making a living . 
  edit : btw , traveling the balkans gives you the full spectrum of `` european looks '' . 
  your comparisons are a bit vapid honestly , otherwise you 'd have bulgarians and croatians looking too `` turkish '' to apply . 
  maybe compared to scandinavians ? 
  swarthy is n't exactly a rare trait among romanians . 
  and poverty can leave a person looking pretty disheveled . 
  does n't make them a gypsy/roma . 
   face it : you suck at minority politics . 
  first of all , make sure you 're talking on eye level . 
  i welcome you to volunteer in romania and give it a go . 
  because seriously , there is no need for that rant even if the poster is n't exactly the most reasonable . 
  the socio economic , family and cultural issues surrounding gypsies are seriously difficult , and you 've gone and pick it up by the wrong end . 
  trying to get historic about it is intellectual masturbation . 
  and the arrogance runs on both sides . 
  we 're dealing with socio-economic factors and toxic enviroments hidden under ethno-cultural traditionalism . 
  please , get some experience before climbing on a high horse on this . 
  this topic is n't a playground for the inexperienced . 
  do n't be an ass . 
  getting away from a toxic household is the hardest thing anyone can do . 
  you 're abandoning the smallest comfort to risk failing at the hand of strangers which could n't give a rats ass if you live or die . 
  both the individual and society have responsibilities to each other . 
  no one gets to anywhere in life , low or high , without help . 
  pretty much . 
  lower socio-economic factors meeting family upbriging/ethno-cultural factors and pairing off and feeding into each other , into a neat little package of perpetual siege mentality and crab-bucketing . 
  it 's a horribly complex problem , for who neither the modern self-style `` left '' and `` right '' ideologies can provide more than headline material . 
  we need fairly effective `` help to get out '' programs for those leaving the lifestyle to massage this out in the long term without triggering either of the toxic factions . 
  policy and reality are two different things . 
  russia has managed a good deal by relying on audacity to cut through the hubris and exceptionalism of the west and leave them in confusion . 
  rational does not mean it will do what you want it to do . 
  rational means it will do what benefits them . 
  and when you have generals and bureaucrats spending every day figuring out how to undermine you , you 'll get surprises . 
  you might be fine relying on pieces of paper to aid in defense . 
  i 'd prefer we actually built structures capable of providing what those pieces of paper can only promise .
