selective education is part of propaganda . 
  but you are right . 
  shhh ... let the circlejerk on russia continue ... 
  if someone did what they did ( go to a church and sing in there ) in any other country , they would get jailed as well , but since it is in russia it is always under the context that putin is the evil and it is a police state . 
  maybe they should be happy that they got released and leave it there , every time they say something it looks more like a pr movement of their own . 
  it 's true that nowadays macedonia is not keen to such union , but historically speaking we are not much of different people . 
  no one is showing only one wrong , or if the one wrong is being shown is constantly what the serbs did ... look at the icty convictions and see that it is mainly serbs and only a handful of others convicted . 
  look at the unsc resolutions to see the evolution of the conflict . 
  you could even open wikipedia to see that after the war was over , the former kosovo liberation army tried to created a conflict in macedonia . 
  no one is to praise on both sides ... over all everyone should try to be more tolerant and not rush to destruction/killing ... 
  austria is in dire need for some democracy and freedom !, 
  ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ like ^ ^ ^ russians . 
  fun fact : in the constitution of the us ( or some document equivalent effect ) it was established that the amount for which you can go to court is anything above 20 $ and the amount has n't been changed ever since . 
  get used to it . 
  apparently no one likes russia . 
  it depends , if the company does not show in court and they have assets in the us , chances are that the assets will be taken to pay the damages . 
  if they do n't have assets in the us , they will be sued but she wo n't receive shit , because there is nowhere from where to take the money . 
  damn , i was just about to post that . . 
  welcome to reddit !, 
  enjoy the downvotes !, 
  because there are some really stupid people out there . 
  that would be helpful i think . 
  please do . 
  exactly . 
  if someone could explain to me the funny part of that show i would be really grateful, 
  now it 's also part of the political agenda . 
  desperate to show evidence of reform ? 
  how about all the opt-outs that the uk have ? 
  moreover , if the uk voted to stay , there was a draft document ready for even more special treatment . 
  no one has treated the uk with contempt . 
  take responsibility for the vote . 
  what you can do is to write an e-mail to the commission , they are usually really helpful and fast with replies , especially when it comes to academic research . 
  also , have you tried to research in peer-reviewed journals for any previous studies on this ? 
  go through their sources and the data they used . 
  this type of data can also be located in national ministries . 
  some countries have ministries/departments related to the use of eu funds and they can have data related to the regional application . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/regional_policy/en/atlas/managing-authorities/ find the managing authorities for each country and contact them . 
  if you read the schuman declaration , which started the whole process , federalisation is indeed mentioned as a goal . 
  whether it will happen or not , it is difficult to say . 
  some people embrace the idea , while others are against it . 
  my recommendation for finding financing is contacting the university itself and explaining the situation to them . 
  when you choose a country , a university and a degree call the university office which works with students and ask them . 
  do that with every uni you choose , since it varies between countries . 
  i study in the netherlands , my education is entirely in english , so i did not need to learn a new language . 
  basically you either find a uni where the education is in english , then take a toefl or cambridge language exam to show that you have the required proficiency or you have to learn a new language . 
  once again as soon as you know what do you want to study or where , talk with th universiy . 
  call them or write them an e-mail . 
  i study in a university in the eu , while not being a national of that country . 
  the first thing you want to see before going is if you can afford going to the university of your choice . 
  not only tuition fees , but also food , housing or even night life . 
  see if you even need a student loan . 
  in the uk the tuition fees are out of proportion , while in europe you can still go to uni without needing loans at all . 
  you will have to check for yourself wether there are loans avaliable for the uni you want and what are the requirements . 
  not only that , but also what are the requirements for entering the uni , such as grades , entrance exams , language requirements . 
  see in what languages are the courses and so on . 
  what are the pros ? 
  well , you get to meet new people from all around the world . 
  improve/learn a new language . 
  meet a new culture , new way of life . 
  learn to be independent and manage on your own . 
  cons : you are away from home in a new place all alone , which sucks . 
  if you get loans , loans are a big con . 
  i can not really compare eu unis to the uk ones , the thing that i can say is that in the uk tuitions are stupidly high , even for crap universities . 
  if you have more questions , feel free to pm me . 
  a laptop weights enough and takes space , which can be better used . 
  it is just inconvenience and something that you will have to constantly pay attention to . 
  i think it 's more likely that you break it rather than someone stealing it while backpacking , so its better just to get some more sd cards or as someone suggested if one of your friends bring a laptop , jut buy one big hard drive and bring it . 
  maybe you should read the history of eu and how it was created and how it expanded . 
  the uk never wanted to be part of the eu , it became a member-state because the trade between the community ( as it was ) was very profitable ) , no one in their sane mind was going to change an already established institution to a country which barely wants to be part of the union . 
  it would be for the best , that would truly create democratic legitimacy in the eu . 
  the commission is the most important organ of the eu . 
  ( can start actions for infringements when it wishes , if it wishes and how it wishes ; it 's the main proposer of legislation at eu level ) . 
  i recommend checking firstly art . 
  223-234 tfeu to see what does the european parliament , as an institutions , does in general . 
  sagres is a good place and attracts a lot of british tourists , however is at the atlantic ocean so the water is far colder . 
  i would recommend palma de mallorca or roses in spain . 
  i would strongly suggest shabla/krapec in the north seaside of bulgaria , not the south though . 
  ( shameless promotion of bulgarian seaside . ), 
  honestly , the way i see it there is no difference between the democrats and the republicans . 
  the two party system is shitty overall and both parties just look like two actors on a stage pretending to be different , while they are not . 
  [ el mundo ] ( http://www.elmundo.es/ ) that 's what i used to read when i wanted to improve my spanish , no idea for the other countries though . 
  this is a rule for every country . 
  either great beaches or city . 
  i recommend bulgarian mountains , pirin , rodopi and stara planina . 
  has `` huts '' which are members of the bulgarian tourist union , they are cheap and cool ( far from fancy ) places to sleep and get a meal . 
  usually they are between 3 and 5 hours one from each other and in any of the three mountains there are things worth seeing . 
  you can plan a trip for yourself with friends or you can ask btu for any planned trip and pay a fee around 70 $ ( last time i did it , it was around that price ) and you get food and sleeping paid a guide with a group of people and you travel for one week with backpacks through the mountains . 
  here are a few websites if you want more info : [ bulgarian mountains ( bulgarian only ] ( http://www.bulgarian-mountains.com/huts ) [ huts in bulgaria ( also in english ) ] ( http://www.planinite.info/v_pomosht_na_turista/hiji_i_zasloni_engl/index_hiji_i_zasloni_engl.htm ) [ bulgarian tourist union ( bulgarian only apparently ) ] ( http://btsbg.org/kontakti.html ), 
  soviet modernism is cool ( train stations in bulgaria used to be cool at least ) if take care of . 
  since no one takes care of the buildings , it is just depressing . 
  in bulgaria most of the homes/buildings are with a very characteristic style , which i call soviet modernism . 
  basically tall cement buildings which have not been painted outside since the fall of `` communism '' . 
  about small homes they are normal brick houses , but also not really fine looking in general . 
  usually in the city there are the the tall buildings and then on the outskirts there are the houses , generally speaking . 
  in the nethelands , at least where i live , the houses are very typical dutch houses , if you have played anno 1503 , the houses there are the exact model from here . 
  in portugal , in the villages mostly there are houses made out of granite , which are amazingly cold and difficult to heat . 
  in the cities it 's mostly buildings of 5-6 stores max. , which are taken care of periodically and look pretty normal . 
  i hope that answered somehow . 
  true . 
  fixed now ...
