  aaaand now repressions moved 6 years from what you previously posted - good job . 
  i do n't give a shit about current government or the last one , i just cant stand people trying to spin history so some people may look favourable in what clearly is bad light . 
  what do i know , i only have lived in eastern poland for about 30 years , and have heard many first-hand stories about what russians brutes did to polish people while doing their aggression on poland in 1939 . 
  it 's all just exaggeration . 
  all those brutally murdered people are also just an exaggeration . 
  also - no one gives a shit about causes of their brutality or reasons for their attacks . 
  what irks us is their denial of their role in downfall of poland in 1939 . 
  and do n't spread your `` civil war '' and `` repression stopping in 49 '' bullshit - it 's in poor taste . 
  also this one is just pure gold :  it is probably likely that the 45 years of communist occupation did equal amount of social and economic damage as the 5 years of war and german occupation but you ca n't put the two in the same category . 
   brutal as the soviet occupation was , i do n't think it can compare to the nazi occupation glad to know your perception of it is more valid than that of people who lived through it . 
  of course in later part of war we did fear germans more , since russians ( who almost got fucked over by germany ) had to work with allied forces , so they needed to appear as our `` comrades '' in fight with evil nazis ( check out our manipulative television series made during our communist occupation `` 4 pancerni i pies '' ) . 
  however we would like to adress it - russia did cooperate with nazi germany . 
  if regular russians are not willing to admit to it thats not our concern , facts still remain the same . 
  edit : hello russians - downvote this all you like , i do not care - if however you want to know the truth about your countrys part in wwii get your information from somewhere else than your manipulative russian sources . 
  no matter what stalin did , no matter if you speak of `` respecting of authority '' and other nonsense - fact remains there were no worse thing that could happen to people living in eastern poland than hordes of russian soldiers . 
  killing for fun , mass rapes , stealing absolutely everything . 
  i knew many , many people who openly said they prefered german army moving through their towns/villages than russian one . 
  why ? 
  because there was order , civilians were generally left alone , they could even live in room in their houses if german military were in them . 
  with russians ? 
  you 'd be lucky to sleep in stable , and oh boy - if there were girls around - prepare for rape . 
  splitting people with knives , stabbing with pitchforks , brutal rapes ? 
  daily occurence with russian army . 
  no matter the political reasons , their aggression on poland should be rightfully acknowledged as working with germas - because thats exactly what it was . 
  lack of foresight is not good enough excuse to make petition for something that they claim to be so important to them one day after referendum ( especially with prognosis showing that pro and against sides were so close ) . 
  if they felt that they had no voice in their own future why not make petition earlier ? 
  this is idiotic and puts people supporting this petition in bad light . 
  if this matter was so important to brittish youth why was n't petition made before referendum ? 
  it would have to be massive scale boycott to achieve anything , that 's why i said it will never happen because of our `` lesser evil '' mentality . 
  he `` ate '' *** be *** from his sentence , but it 's still pretty clear . 
   so is there just no party for the rational voter at present ? 
  being blatantly honest - no , there is n't . 
  people need to stop voting for `` lesser evil '' , boycotting current parties and not taking part in elections at all would be clear signal of our dissaproval , but it 's never gon na happen . 
  oh , please tell me what is not factual in my description ? 
  that they made least projects of all current parties ? 
  that their leadership is ignorant and uninformed ? 
  please - enlighten us all . 
   it seems like a party for high-information voters pissed off with the other options , but i question how well that will translate with the general electorate . 
  well , looks can be deceiving . 
  their `` leader '' and his `` right hand '' are known as most ignorant , uninformed people - from which polish internet has made fun of many , many times . 
  nowoczesna as a whole is pr party , it 's all about their public image , but no actions , projects or incentives . 
  it is weakest party in whole opposition - much talking , lot less doing . 
  we do n't need another party like that , we already had po . 
  and yeah , pis is shit too , no denying that - but more often than not they are demonized in western media . 
  if there is very ill kid to be born , one that will require constant attention from parents - how is that not forcing this children on them ? 
  if there is raped woman who is pregnant - how is this not forcing kid on her ? 
  if there are teenage kids that messed up and now girl is pregnant but without money , skills to raise child are you not forcing that on them ? 
  wheter you like it or not you are trying to force children on someone , you are just too egoistic in your worldview , you lack empathy for people that already live on this earth , you are really ignorant , or you are just plain too stupid to see that . 
  you do n't deserve nothing more than insults , as your whole stance is insulting to people who experienced first hand what you try to take away from them as a last resort option . 
  i really do hope that life will give you firsthand experience on how to raise child concived from rape , or one that requires constant attention ( because as we can clearly see you lack imagination/empathy to place yourself in other peoples shoes ) so you can understand why total ban of abortion is really evil thing to force on others . 
  once again - no one forces you to take abortion - just dont take this right from others . 
  i am not saying that we are the good ones , but unlike you guys we are not hyprocitical enough to take an option from someone who has no other choices left . 
  it 's their moral dilemma , it 's their concience . 
  also - since you admitted that you wo n't support financialy children you try to force on someone , nor will you adopt unwanted ones you should just shut the fuck up in matter that does not concern you , nor you are willing to take active position in . 
  mr smartass - please enlighten us - do you plan to adopt unwanted baby ? 
  do you plan to financially support parents that could not abort their very ill kid ? 
  or do you just want to take last measure from women that had to make it ( and it 's never easy one ) ? 
  you do n't have higher moral ground here , what you propose is just evil . 
  you want to force someone to try to raise terminally ill kid , you force someone to endager their life , you force someone to give birth to someone they do n't want in their life . 
  do n't act so high and mighty , unless your shitty bill will include help for all those poor mothers you treat like a fucking incubators . 
  all `` pro-life '' morons who would sign this should personally pay for those kids . 
  why should i tolerate someone who thinks that his religion is good enough basis to ban me from something that has no impact on them ? 
  fuck them . 
  no , but i do think that there should not be something as degrading for music , and as politicaly soaked as eurovision - unless it 's on private tv stations , funded with private money . 
  and remind us all when it all started according to your great innocent country ( no matter what he will write please check what happened 17 . ix .1939 , two weeks after germany invaded poland ) . 
  i do n't think journalists should have much say in making media situation on par with other european countries , and not chaos that it was up until this point . 
  but i have to agree - all this blocking and voting was terrible idea , and will definetly backfire . 
  and it wo n't bacfkire most because of media bill , but because of budget one - that one definetly should not be voted on in such controversional setting . 
  he / she is not a traitor , it 's just that their opinion does not matter at all . 
  they had their chance to make change in their home country , could have made their own company / could have paid taxes / could have get education etc. 
  instead they decided to leave their country - draining it from workforce / taxmoney / educated people . 
  so yes - fuck them , their opinion does not matter for people who are still here , and no , they are not patriots , they left . 
  so what they did was legal , but you have negative feelings about that , therefore democracy is under attack ? 
  also - please tell me how are media working in other countries parliaments , and how they are working in poland ? 
  please tell us if you know - current bill proposes changes to make it on par with what european country ? 
  i am gon na give you a hint - they have baguettes , and they are democratic country . 
  stay uninformed and stir shit from abroad , cause you are caring for poland so much that you left it . 
  yep , like the right to leave your homeland behind . 
  noone cares about polonia or migrants opinions - you are not in here , we are . 
  wan na make changes ? 
  come back . 
  do n't want to do that - then shut the fuck up and go spend some pounds / dollars . 
  `` mom , mom - no - i can not find a job , because i am atheist and anti government , also because i believe in evolution . 
  leave me alone , i want to play overwatch and ffxv . 
  what do you mean go find a job ? 
  i already told you , i can not find job in poland because of reasons i mentioned earlier . 
  no , i am not just lazy , it 's all because creationism . 
  local shop wo n't hire me because i told them i do n't believe that god made me from clay . 
  and no , they did not ask that on job interview , i just felt compelled to tell them that when they asked me about previous job experiences '' . 
  what a bullshit statement - if you think that the reason for you not having a job is any of those things , than i have some bad news for you - they are not . 
  one actual reason is fixed by commuting , rest are made up . 
  no one asks you in job interview about your political or religious views , they ask about your experience , work ethics , and try to figure out if you are competent or not , rest is not important . 
  edit : before you try to make some stupid excuses - i am from subcarpatia - the most religious and pro pis part of poland - i 've changed job several times , i commute about 40km to my workplace , i am from small village , was lector in church - now i am atheist but i dont shove my beliefs down peoples throaths and i never had any problems , neither did my friends . 
  i am politically unafilliated and am not supporting neither government nor opposition - no impact in work field whatsoever . 
  also - who the fuck believes in creationism ? 
  and how do you bring that up in job interview ? 
  edit 2 : seeing upvotes there are more people like you - who can not take reposnsibility for their own shortcomings and think that it 's all other peoples fault , because they have `` edgy '' believes . 
  give me a fucking break . 
  grow some spine and learn to find fault in yourself and not only in others . 
  that is terrible way to live - `` i can not spend money now , i need to save it for when i am old and can not utilize it in a way i can now '' .
