  just do n't think it makes you somehow better than anyone else - it does n't, 
  are you just that much of an ignorant or are you straight up lying ? 
  to show that komorowski kept his word they arranged construction site for road that was not even having needed permissions to start any kind of work on it . 
  it was only done to make him look good , it had nothing to do with any failure of meeting deadline , it was straight up theatrics - nothing `` standard '' about it . 
  if not then i 'll just assume it 's your ignorance and will disregard your last sentence . 
  i do see that it was and still is wrong , but i wo n't pretend like this is somehow something new and unique and `` i am fighting with this new phenomenon like good patriotic citizen '' since i am not a hypocrite . 
  it only takes writig two words to find it - `` komorowski '' and `` autostrada '' ( highway in polish ) and there are many [ results ] ( https://youtu.be/bwx28cocweu ) . 
  * ofe money was on individual accounts , it was said to be private funds ( not located in zus ) by all ofe companies , yet somehow they ( ct ) agreed on making them public funds ( even though law is not working backwards ) , therefore allowing government to take those funds as measure to fixing debt . 
  they allowed for taking something that was deem as private fund to be changed into public one than got taken over - constitution guarantess that we can own things , somehow in this case funds that we did own could have been made into public ones . 
  * about retirement - in poland law does not work backwards , if those people according to law during what they were working for their retiremet fund could retire at 60 or 65 , new age requirement should not be enforced on them , yet it still was . 
  * government is forced by constitution to provide us with fair treatment , somehow adding tax just to raise the price of gas that went down on the whole world does not seem like it . 
  and even if you say we have noone else to blame for all other more important issuess , they are still more important than this ct nonesense . 
  also i think you do know who put most of those new horrendous regulations in place . 
  how is constitutional trbunal anything else than political tool ? 
  people should not care about institution that did nothing when ofe money was taken , did nothing when retirement age were raised even for people who were 63 at the time , did nothing when government added another taxes on already steep priced gas just because . 
  they are not defending citizens , and they have never been . 
  wheter one political party or other puts their buddies in it is of no consequence to me or you ( unless you have some political affiliations ) . 
  and yes - there are much bigger issues . 
  for example why is it so hard for young people in poland to raise children , to build a house , to buy a car , to buy an apartment , to get decent job that pays well . 
  why is it so hard for people in poland to make his/her own company ? 
  why we are doing nothing with the fact that soon our retirement funds will not even afford our elders to live month to month ? 
  those all are much more important issuess than power struggle over some political tool . 
  i have n't heard of this party called po+n . 
  probably it 's because they are 2 different parties . 
  do n't try to manipulate your own sources and present them for what they are . 
  i am supporter of neither of those 3 parties but what you are doing in here is clearly trying to spin your own statistics and made your own coleration to show that pis supporters are old uneducated people from villages . 
  fact reamain that of all parties that participated in elections pis had the most of people : * with higher education - as shown by your own statistics . 
  * from all age ranges - as shown by your own statistics . 
  * from villages and towns of all sizes as shown by your own statistics . 
  sadly people like / u/nefu are not willing to admit that in our modern polish history things that are happening are n't really anything new . 
  he bought into opposition propaganda that he is a hero saving democracy and rule of law . 
  he still believes that somehow our judical system is independent ( even though people involved into biggest affairs in poland walk free , and have been doing so since 90-ies ) , apparently he thinks that we had objective media before ( which were always echo chamber for ruling party , something that is not worth watching for this simple reason alone ) . 
  he also apparently believes that constitutional tribunal is something more than political tool ( even though we got fucked over by our governments few times without them interfering at all ) . 
  do n't invoke communism if you are not even going to admit severity of bullshit that has been happening in this country for years - current government is shitty but same has to be said about every other before them . 
  no one is taking your democracy , no one is slashing your rule of law - go defend democracy in countries where there is no constitutional tribunal at all , and stop messing with your own country . 
  again with your uninformed idiocy . 
  if you had any information on the subject you would know that in what you sarcastically call `` good old days '' people were generally more rich than are now . 
  it was because even though they made less money , the buying power of zl was much much higher . 
  that is why many , many older people have their own houses and apartments ( modest , but still ) without going into 30-year debt - thing that is almost unimaginable to current generations . 
  please - do n't speak on a subject you clearly have no idea about . 
  jesus fucking christ - get a grip mate . 
  you do need to have a basic knowledge of the situation and politics in poland to speak on the subject . 
  there is no such thing as breakdown of democracy . 
  government manipulating public tv is nothing new in poland ( search for tvp coverage of president komorowski opening of part of a highway fiasco ) , fucking with constitutional tribunal is also nothing new . 
  so please , do n't `` belittle '' my experience with all governments that ruled poland post communism - i am disilusioned with those assholes - it 's not the first situation of this sort , nor the last one . 
  you speaking `` just like germany '' bullshit makes you look like an idiot , so please if you do n't have any knowledge on the subject , dont participate in discussion , just read what other people have to say . 
  i do n't see any sense in responding to nonsense like :  do n't belittle the breakdown of what once was a real democracy , and is now quickly becoming what germany was in the 1930s . 
  you clearly have absolutely no idea about current situation in poland , how it started , and why it is not resolved yet - so why should i bother ? 
  it would be like me pretending i know anything about building an atomb bomb - i do n't - therefore i am not speaking on the subject , and anyone trying to discuss it with me would be just wasting his time . 
  who are this `` most '' you are talking about ? 
  that is not elitist at all / s get off of your high horse , i do n't know any person that personally cares for this problem , they usually see it for what it really is - power struggle between government and opposition - ( people are annoyed by lack of communication and trying to resolve this issue by both government and opposition ) and i am neither old ( 28 ) , uneducated ( civil engineer ) or pis supporter so fuck off with your generalization . 
  thank you for your input , i really appreciate other peoples opinion on subjects they have absolutely no idea about . 
   zus is in reality a part of taxation system and therefore guaranteed by government . 
  it literally ca n't go bankrupt without the whole country going bankrupt . 
  that 's why i said  it will happen in matter of years and what will happen to this country wo n't be pretty . 
  it 's not a secret that soon we will not have enough money to provide both decent retirement and all services that take their funding from our taxes . 
  it 's 15 years at most . 
  i think that is kind of a big deal that should be taken care of right away . 
  if people did not care for it they would have to stop with this utter nonsense and settle on any viable solution . 
  right now it is - who will gather more media coverage and make more fuss about this whole situation . 
  there are more important problems at hand . 
  just a few drops in a sea of citizens of poland . 
  some people just wan na think that they are fighting for something that matters - in this case that is bullshit . 
  public media were never objective , and we people should not give them views , it always has been like that because next government is always doing sweep ups and changes in managment . 
  constitutional tribunal is useless , no matter if it consists of mostly government judges or opposition ones , they have n't prevented so many changes directed at us - citizens of poland , nor will they do it in future as they have always been just a political tool , nothing more . 
  there is one thing that really matters and noone is even talking about it . 
  what will happen when zus ( something that taxates 1/3 of our paycheck and then some more from our employer to pay for country needs , and to accumulate money for our retirement fund - also biggest reason why making company in poland is pain in the ass as costs are humongous ) goes bankrupt ? 
  it will happen in matter of years and what will happen to this country wo n't be pretty . 
  any political parties mentioning the subject ? 
  fuck no , cause it will be a problem for later , when someone else will govern . 
  edit : i see downvotes but no responses . 
  good job people , get pumped on unimportant matters that will not affect you in any way , and lets not mention the elephant in the room . 
  you are not malcolms x , or martin luther kings , you defend neither democracy nor anyones freedom . 
  you are just participants in political power play . 
  to be honest normal citizens could n't care less about this whole mess , they have more pressing matters on their heads than this shitty constitutional tribunal - like for example trying to earn enough money to provide for family month to month in a country where everything costs way to much comparable to what we earn . 
  edit : to anyone downvoting this - how any of this mess made by government and opposition influenced your day to day life ? 
  it did n't , it 's just a power struggle between people that are all worth eachother . 
  no , that 's not what i said . 
  what i said was :  i knew many , many people who openly said they prefered german army moving through their towns/villages than russian one . 
  which is factual given many personal accounts given by people who lived through it . 
  you know that russians did occupy almost half of poland during wwii ? 
  you do know about massive repressions , sending to camps and gulags ? 
  you have heard about barbaric actions of russian soldiers invading poland ? 
  comparing them to nazis is not absurd . 
  i wonder if they will force quotas on other countries to take them too ? 
  do n't try to spin this around about jews . 
  ussr had their own kind of camps , ussr had their own massacres too . 
  we are talking about eastern poland population and what germans and russians did to them , and from all personal accounts of people who lived through it they seem to be comparable . 
  yeah , because civilians killed by germans were more killed than ones that started to be killed 17 days later by russians , thats why it is totally not on equal footing . 
  who gives a damn if they were invading same country from two fronts , killing citizens of said country - germans were worse , and they should take all the blame because they started doing this 17 days earlier - yep , you are 100 % right . 
  * long live mother russia . 
  brave russian heroes of wwii may live forever , they did nothing wrong - they are only reason wwii was won . 
  i do n't know how this works in another countries , but in poland decreased unemployment rate is usally just an effect of removing people from unemployed status list our government holds . 
  it happens if someone is not accepting job government have found for them ( no matter how shitty it was , or if is good fit for them ) , or if citizen failed to sign their monthly `` i am still unemplyed '' list . 
  russian forces did venture into parts of current eastern poland . 
  they did their mayhem there . 
  i do n't know how can someone call raping , stealing and pillaging `` trying to subordinate '' someone , but whatever . 
  russian government plan was one thing , what their soldiers did was the other . 
  oh , i am sorry , waiting 2 and a half week before invading a country and slaughtering their civilian population and destroying shitload of things in their path is not a contribution in our downfall ? 
  good to know mate .
