if we do this then german army can pacify us in our own country thanks for eu regulations . 
  our fucking tretcherous government . 
  voting against the will of their own people and v4 countries just to please germany and eu to get nice and comfy jobs at brussells . 
  do n't worry , people who voted on it will stay in brusselle . 
  they know they will be treated ( rightfully so ) as traitors by polish society . 
  our despicable fucking politics betrayed both our people and v4 countries . 
  you do understand that what may seem good to you might be garbage to others and vice versa ? 
  it 's subjective , and since many people enjoy it then it has to have something that is good for them . 
  i did n't say which of those i find funny , but all of those are globally well known british comedy series and comedians - we ca n't say the same for polish humorous work . 
  oh come on , how are we better than brits with our humour ? 
  ever heard about monthy python , black adder , mr bean , allo-allo , a bit of fry and laurie , peep show , that mitchell and webb look , it crowd , the office , extras , life 's too short , anything from sasha baron cohen , frankie boyle , jimmy carr , ricky gervais or eddie izzard ? 
  they are miles ahead of us in this particular category , something we have to accept as a fact . 
  tell me , is whole german society really so heavily pro immigrants ? 
  or is it also just media stunt pulled on all other europeans ? 
  ( serious question ), 
  good , some of pro-idiots needed reality check - this may be helpfull for them . 
  the more i listen to those fucking idiots commenting on the situation , the more angry i get . 
  how there can be no consequences for manipulation of something you can clearly see with your own eyes ?? 
  what the fuck skynews ? 
  holy shit , those reporters and their comments are just infuriating . 
  are we watching the same feed ? 
  are they blind / corrupt / dumb or is it just some kind of propaganda ? 
  yes , also countries that were reluctant about quotas will definetly want them now , since they are doing strikes whenever their entitled requests are not met - who would not want that in their country ? 
  what ? 
  you should care about your buddies ( that were sanctioned by eastern europe and that lost their deals with them in the name of eu solidarity ) - who would help you build nordstream ii ? 
  `` allowing human suffering is my business '' - yes , indeed it is - something that your country has shown time and time again - destabilizing syria being one among them . 
  please , please tell me how multiculturalism is a way to go . 
  how we should be accepting of all cultures and religions . 
  how we do n't have rights to restrict their freedom of religion . 
  not only these people are not fit to be in europe , they simply do not deserve it . 
  all remarks and movements for making host country sharia-law based should mean automatic deportation to a country that has this system . 
  it 's a win-win . 
  you dream about sharia patrols and muslim laws upholded ? 
  here ya go , there is your one way ticket to what you think is normal . 
  now , poles are not refugees because there is no conflict in our borders . 
  chceck what refugee means before trying to impose idiotic points on others . 
  they also work in bars , shops etc. 
  with polish coworkers - doing jobs that any pole will do without moment of hesitation . 
  just like france and uk is dealing with them ? 
  oh it wo n't be dismissed by citizens , it will be dismissed by media , and that is a huge difference, 
  i do n't know how independent experts in field of statistics work in your country , but here in poland we are manipulated time and time again . 
  just like in our last presidential elections , when former president according to your independent data was so far ahead that he would easily win in first round . 
  guess what ? 
  he did n't , we were just being fed a bunch of fake statistics . 
  also - with thousands of people in protests against them , and only hundreds for them in many cities througout the country i think it 's pretty indicative of our position . 
  moreover uncovered media manipulations on the subject of immigrants makes all the polls shown there seem not really reliable . 
  i can bet my life on it that in nearest parlament elections the party that will win with majority of votes will be the one with anti-immigration stance . 
  check what refugee means . 
  by the very definition of a word they are refugees . 
  and it 's not like they are doing jobs that no pole will do , cause that is just a lie . 
  some of the employers prefer them to poles cause they can offer them lower wages . 
  it takes its toll on our job market , and housing market ( they rent rooms ) . 
  do you even know single one of them ? 
  have you spoken to any ukrainian people working in poland lately ? 
  their numbers and seasonal nature of their work changed with political situation with russia . 
  poland could just deport them , but we practically do n't . 
  who said anything about welfare ? 
  are those people not in our country ? 
  just because they did not get asylum does not make them not refugees , there is still conflict in their country . 
  and just because out of 400k only 1700 applied does not mean that rest of them is to be not counted as ukrainian refugees in poland . 
  hmmm , there is not a word about hundred of thousands of ukrainian refugees that poland took . 
  how convenient . 
  good thing that protets held in many cities showed that those polls were untrue , and majority of people are against illegal immigrants and eu forced quotas . 
  besides if you read comments on any article about immigrants you 'll get same , real proportions , and not ones from manipulated polls . 
  numbers of adult young males were also confirmed by many sources , but not by pictures shown in media - how convenient . 
  just watch news tommorow - when it all will be discredited , thanks to 100-200 hooligans that sung racist stuff . 
  thats all you will hear , i doubt they will mention thousands of regular folks marching there - just racists and xenophobes . 
  i do n't remember syria being part of ue for their citizens to freely move through europe , nor do i remeber poles making sharia-law ghettos in countries they went to find a job and make their life there . 
  i also do n't remember poland inviting illegal immigrants to their country - unlike some stupid cow from germany . 
  so yeah , bad `` ironic '' arguments are bad . 
  and tell me if refugee is still a refugee if he reached safe country , but wants to go to other countries `` because reasons '' . 
  i am just talking about manipulating of pictures ( mostly showing kids and women when there is about 75-80 % of yong adult males ) and numbers ( both of people that are pro taking in more refugees , as well as number of refugees themselves ) . 
  you can verufy that for yourself watching anti immigration protests and pictures and videos of refugees themselves . 
  did you make quota for ukrainian refugees ? 
  cause right now there is about 400k of them in poland . 
  we do n't really mind them . 
  what we really mind are people that tend to not assimilate , that are ungratefull to their hosts , that do not respect the laws of the country that took care of them , people that tend to riot and burn cars , that tend to make ghettos , and in borderline cases rape and kill others . 
  we are not quite fond of that . 
  i would boldly state that majority of europeans are same way - since - you know - with internet there is easier access to information , and public media have it harder to manipulate you . 
  hungary is border country of ue and has to deal with this crisis first-hand . 
  none of the countries you mentioned has same problem . 
  also it 's not a conspiration - it 's a fact that media manipulate what they show and what they do not show to give perspective that countries that defy forcefull numbers of refugees are xenophobes and inhumane . 
  it 's borderline retarded to say it 's not happening when you have easy access to all video footage from private accounts and are not living off what media force feeds you . 
  how can you say anything about `` separation of powers '' if only reason this conflict exists in the first place is that constitutional tribunal in poland was political puppet ? 
  it would be really nice if people started thinking for themselves and stopped listening to bullshit politics are spewing from all sides . 
  there are no `` good guys '' in this conflict , which still is internal matter of poland . 
  are you high ? 
  it 's our internal problem - no human right or democracy has been violated - only thing that has been violated is that political parties want to have certain number of their `` buddies '' in constutional tribunal and they are fighting over it like kids in sandbox . 
  we have idiotic governments and idiotic oposition - we as citizens have lost no matter what happens . 
  pe resolution will do it just fine . 
  it 's our national trait - i am 100 % we will se opposition support sinking in - cause even if you are against current government , trying to get other countries to interfere in our internal affairs is seen by most as treason . 
  never in history of poland involving others in our internal affairs ended in a positive way for a country as a whole . 
  no , it 's not good . 
  it only shows how all of our parties are just vile mobsters that care only about being in power , no matter the citizens , no matter overall image of poland all of the world has , `` fuck the consequences , i want to rule '' - and its shown by both government and opposition . 
  it 's shamefull that we can not settle our differences within our borders and some idiots think it 's good idea to drag whole union in our internal affairs . 
  whole constitutional tribunal thing is a joke when you see that some countries in ue do n't even have them , and others plan to liquidate it - yet it 's basis for ep ruling ? 
  have you considered that disrespecting women is unnacceptable in europe , no matter your religion or country of origin ? 
  if there is school directive of shaking hands with teachers you should not be exempted from it just because your religion treats women as second class citizens ( or worse ) . 
  so their religion misogyny is their right ? 
  i mean wtf ?
