  unless there will be some government ultra funding so you can exchange your current car for ev than it 's not really a market that will produce vehicles anyone would be able to buy . 
  there are countries in europe where buing new car is almost impossible due to high cost uncomparable to country wages . 
  how do you propose people in those countries exchanged their vehicles for ev ?? 
  not every eu contry has good enough conditions to use wind as competing energy source . 
  same goes for water . 
  nuclear plants are huge investment for countries - so another nigh impossible thing to do in some countries . 
  still more research in batteries is needed , that 's true . 
  it 's all fun and all to be eco citizen of the world who drives his ev car but realisticly speaking it wo n't happen in coming years . 
  at least not as fast as you 'd like it to happen . 
  drastic changes in regulations made right away will only make exit of some eu contries much faster , lets not kid ourselves about that . 
  i am sure on your birth certificate or id there is simple enough explanation for you to understand wheter you are citizen of eu or some particular country, 
  except by now china air pollution is reaching usa , how long till pollutions from those countries reach eu ? 
  also - i do not give a damn about your flag near username , it means nothing - you are citizen of some country , not european union . 
  those two countries amout to almost 50 % global pollution - if they wo n't do anything about it eu would be merely making a small unimportant dent . 
  we could totally cut all of our emissions , being ultra-green and whatnot - still it wo n't mean shit till those 2 countries change their pollution . 
  it 's not important wheter you give a damn or not , it 's a fact we can not bypass . 
  edit : also if you do n't give a damn about other countries wanting to pollute their inhabitants - you should also not care for rest of eu countries , focus on your own . 
  because changes in eu wo n't mean shit till usa and china minimize their emissions ? 
  previous government was terrible , thats true - but it is not good enough reason for current goverment and president to walk all over constitution . 
  if they think that current paragraphs in constitution do not make sense in some situations they are more than welcome to change it . 
  however simply disobeying it just because , is really , really shitty way of governing . 
  but lets be honest - if someone thought that things will change for the better with pis taking the lead is gently speaking naive ( stupid is more adequate term ) . 
  nothing , and i mean abso-fucking-lutely nothing will change till government is always formed with same faces , same old corrupted parties . 
  we need a breath of fresh air in politics , and i do n't mean rebranding ( like nowoczesna or zjednoczona ) , but new people . 
  old failures ( we can not call them anything else ) should be banned from political life , as they did more damage than good . 
  if you mean country buying stuff from other countries then i am 100 % sure they have their own way of showing the capabilities of their vehicles . 
  if you mean private use - i am not really familiar with the subject . 
  i would guess civilian can own a tank striped of all of its combat capababilities - but then whats the point ? 
  why would you need an ad for a tank ? 
  i would call it more sad than ironic . 
  i do n't understand how people can vote for same 4 parties ( pis , po , psl and sld ) and expect anything different . 
  vote for any of them is basically wasted opportunity for our country - they all had their chances , which they all failed miserably - why should they deserve more credit of our trust ? 
  after so many failures those parties should be disbanded , and people in them should be banned from politics for the rest of their lives ( many of them should face jail time to be honest ) . 
  but since people are naive they eat every false promise they get , and after 4 years there comes dissapointment and reality check . 
  meanwhile when archbishop in poland says shit like that he goes unpunished , and wins court battle against people who saw it as unacceptable ( while stupid people are praying for him in a court hallway ) . 
  noone is saying that - people use word betrayal because polish ministers agreed their stance on quotas with v4 day before they did 180 on them - effectivly betraying them . 
  oh , that 's exactly same thing - selling weapons to country actively attacking another country , while whole of eu is withdrawing as much deals with russia as possible and forcing mandatory quotas by country that bypassed shengen laws and dublin agreement by showing how welcoming they are to migrants they can not even settle in their own country . 
  yep , sounds the same to me / s, 
  dublin agreement does not enforce on us to take mandatory quotas of refugees , but to take asylum applications from people who send them . 
  also germany violated shengen laws , and bypassed immigration protocol , and now it tries to enforce mandatory quotas on other countries - you have to be blind to say that `` its just a part of being in eu '' . 
  link between nordstream and v4 is that germany was actively persuading other countries for ceasing deals with russia , but it did not stop them in making nordstream ii agreement . 
  it 's hypocrisy at its finest , and now they demand solidarity from other countries . 
  wheter you like v4 or not is not important - what is important is that eu needed strong counterweight for germany which v4 could provide , but after our politiciants trick pulled on them i doubt it will happen . 
   where was v4 solidarity when slovakian pm was calling for ending sanctions on russia . 
  where was v4 where orban was making deal with putin ? 
  and how about nordstream solidarity shown by germany ? 
  how come they can do deals with russia , and others can not ? 
  and we did betray v4 - cause our politicians confirmed to countries of v4 that they will vote against mandatory quotas day before they voted for them . 
  i do care if our politicians are people of their words or if they are tretcherous bastards , as it sheds unfavourable light on poland as a whole . 
  also allowing other countries to boss you around is forfeiting your sovereingty . 
  7k people are what we got from splitting of 66k - and there is 120k to split . 
  this is of course only first batch . 
  also betraying v4 and whole society with abandonment of sovereingty of our country is not something i would call a smart deal . 
  solid no would be a clear sign for germany that we are not there puppets . 
  except what you said does not apply to poland at all - current party is sore loser - they have absolutely no chance of winning , but inspired by tusks success in brussells ( by success i mean well paid job in eu parlament ) they want to make them look better for eu in order to get sympathy points for future jobs in brussells as they are finished in poland . 
  also they betrayed v4 - when they confirmed their opposition for mandatory quotas , and next day voted for them - pleasing eu and germany is now their only goal , there is no hope for them in here since they are practically hated for their corruption , affairs and disregard for people . 
  yep , just look at our country . 
  2/3 of society are against it ( and this number comes from official polls , so real numbers are probably bit higher ) , yet our government does not give a shit , they do n't represent our best intrests . 
  no , i said  personal troubles that should have been resolved behind closed doors in your household it 's not molestation , or beating your spouse - that is not something you `` fix '' inside yor house . 
  but you and other person tried to make it emotional so your point may not seem as stupid as it really is by making that connection - so good job on that . 
  also - do n't use this `` majority of poles '' bullshit argument , as it is simply not true . 
  yep , another person trying to pander to emotions - i see you did not bother to read my reply to other person using that same tactics , so please , go read it there . 
  yeah , compare it to abusive household ( great comparison - suggests that only one side is in the wrong ) , or better yet molestation - that way you may pander to emotions of people reading it . 
  do n't describe it for what it really is - power struggle between polish parties - so more like who is holding the remote control , or who gets to have more space in wardrobe - and no , problems like that are not suppoused to be dragged outside . 
  `` democracy is under attack '' - with people freely protesting what they want , when they want without any repercussions . 
  `` womens freedom is under attack '' - when the act proposed by extreme conservative subset of population was proposed , but as anyone with brain could have predicted it was not approved . 
  `` media controled by government '' - when all what current government did was cut the middle man , with same results in changing managmenet like it has always been . 
  `` deconstruction of constitutional court '' - when all of problems that happened with it are direct effect of fight for power between pis and po . 
  good job mate , try using more emotional arguments next time . 
  so if you have personal troubles that should have been resolved behind closed doors in your household you get all your neighbours involved so they can interfere , even though only information they get is either from you , or person you have disagreement with , both biased to support the argument of person telling it ? 
  you do n't put your internal problems outside , because in process you are draggin your `` family '' through mud , you resolve them behind closed doors , so your reputation does not suffer . 
  so many angry people in this thread . 
  no , what polish government is doing is not good , what is also not good is outer force trying to interfere in internal matters of a country . 
  and do n't use this `` democracy under attack , second turkey , just doing what previous govenrment did '' etc. 
  shitty arguments , because you have to be blind to not see that everything that has been happening is just power struggle between shitty polish parties . 
  edit : i am dissapointed in you people , you just dance how they play for you . 
  posting here in polish is pointless . 
  basically they made conference and chose to let only 3 media outlets in . 
  it 's idiotic and will do more harm to them than good . 
  it was ecological-theological conference - that 's just beyond retarded . 
  should we pray for better environment now ? 
  how can anoyone be so dense to use public money to make ecological-theological conference ?? 
  are we replacing religion lessons with ecology ( we totally should btw . 
  ) , or is this some kind of moronic joke made by our ministry ? 
  why do politicians always do shit like that ? 
  they basically make fun of themselves . 
  i do n't support any party that is currently in our sejm , but please do tell of all parties which one had highest number of people with higher education voting for them ( with a source of course ) ? 
  do n't throw lies that are easily debunked by simple google search . 
  and what exactly is this dismantling of democracy you speak of ? 
  i am really curious . 
  are you afraid to go out at night because of secret police ? 
  are you afraid to take part in any of protests because of violent suppressing of said by police ? 
  or maybe you ca n't express your opinions because of lack of freedom of speech ? 
  are you by any chance repressed ? 
  were you interned ? 
  and do n't even make me start on our judical system or tibunal . 
  they are not corrupted because someone said they were , they are corrupted because of what they did . 
  ever heard of rynasiewicz or bury ? 
  `` independent '' - yeah , right , good luck with that . 
  wan na feel like a hero fighting for good cause , whatever - fight your imaginary wars .
