  emigration of poles was direct effect of terrible conditions in poland ( job market , living conditions , prices to paycheck ratio , terrible environment for making your own company ) . 
  even civic platform mentioned more than once that their goal is to make it possible for poles to come back to their motherland . 
  biased article is biased . 
  and what legislation you are talking about ? 
  also - majority of judges are still ones picked by po , not current leading party , so they can block anything they want - do n't worry about it . 
  i agree , press and media as a whole should be free , and if its influenced by some sort of political agenda or party ( like for example witholding information from general public , demonization of other political movements , and turning terrible events in a way that shifts blame from perpetrator to victims ) , then that country does not hold eu standars , and should not get this priviliege and should leave union . 
  do n't you agree ? 
  i love it when people who have absoultely no idea talk about state of politics in poland . 
  media change is exactly same thing all of the previous governments did , including donald tusk previous party civic platform . 
  also - constitutional tribunal mess was started by previous government , and is now being sorted out by current one . 
  it 's not handled in best possible way , but what you are writing is straight up lie - they did not do it to pass controversional legislation . 
  where do you get that information from ? 
  except it is all made on assumption that what current government is doing is a crime - which is not . 
  let me make it as clear for you as possible : - person a makes action x : no one bats an eye , it 's seen as normal thing - person b makes action x : `` attack on democracy '' , `` neo-fascists '' , `` doom for polish society '' if this is not hypocrisy on peoples part than i do not know what it is . 
  and about your last sentence - read my first reply to the op , but not only first few sentences . 
  no - i do not agree with `` attack on democracy '' and `` neo-facism '' narrative created by some media . 
  it was not seen as `` attack on democracy '' then , so it should not be seen as one now . 
  and what happens now with media , happens with each goverment change , it 's nothing new . 
  also - i think we should freely brand people that are total hypocrites with what they seem `` attack on democracy '' as idiots , morons and stupid - cause they are either those , or they purpousefully stir up tensions in polish society . 
  and i still find it hard to believe how people are that stupid to believe that things that are now happening with media and constitutional tribunal are any different than what previous government did . 
  the fear mongering is made by people like you , who turned the blind eye on actions of civic platform , yet practically same actions from other side of political stage is an attack on democracy . 
  it 's all horseshit and you either have to be blind , stupid or hypocrite to see things happening now as any different than actions of previous government . 
  i am in no way sympathizer of current goverment and their political decisions , but seeing all this `` attack on democracy '' and `` neo-facism '' bullshit spewed on internet by morons like you makes me sick to my stomach . 
  this is my previous comment on yet another hypocritical article on that matters :  i hate those articles . 
  they are so hypocritical in their `` defense of democracy '' it hurts . 
  same goes for supposedly active groups like kod in poland , and other movements . 
  do n't believe in anything they say , they are just massive hypocrites . 
  when previous government did their unconstitutional election of 5 judges , instead of 3 ( number they could legally elect ) there were no kod manifestations , no public movements came to the streets , it somehow was non-issue . 
  now , when another governemnt does equally shitty decision about tribunal somehow it 's attack on democracy ? 
  give me a fucking break . 
  where were those manifestations when ofe money ( our retirement fund , which was in private companies hands ) was taken from us by government - where were they ? 
  or when previous government turned out to not give a shit about a country , when sentences like - `` this country does not exist , it 's just cock , shit and bundle of stones '' ; `` fuck eastern poland '' ; `` i do n't care about gas prices , for me it could be 7zl '' - were said by politicians where were the manifestations ? 
  where was kod ? 
  how those people could still work in politics after showing such disregard for our country ? 
  fuck kod , and everyone who cries about attack on democracy - you hypocritical bastards . 
  you seem to be very picky about what you deem attack on democracy , i guess it depends if there is money in it or not . 
   i am in no way defending current government , they are also massive cunts - which they 've shown already by f.e. 
  cutting funding on in-vitro , while we maintain massive funding to church . 
  but at the same time fuck oposition for making a fuss out of stuff they themselves did before , and involving in it foreing media . 
  our political scene is such a disgrace it hurts . 
  bunch of people whose only real goal is to get as much for themselves during their time in power , and not giving a shit about problems that we know will soon come . 
  nobody tries to fix our budget issue , nobody tries to fix that soon there will be no money for retirement funds , they do n't care about it ( yet ) , since it is problem for another governments . 
  egoistic assholes , thats what they are and have always been , every governemnt . 
  and what about it ? 
  still it 's thousand times more than you suggested in your ignorant comment . 
  we have muslim societies , however they are not of arabic descent , but tatar . 
  they respect european values , and we respect them . 
  also - tatars from poland are strongly against taking in immigrants , because even they can acknowledge that their islam was tempered by living in european country for hundreds of years , making them compatible with our values , middle eastern one is not , and it 's still barbaric , backward ideology with no respect to human rights and women . 
  that is absoulutely bullshit . 
  noone is persecuting atheists in this country . 
  if you take this information from smug teenage militant atheists then yes - they are being persecuted for their stupidity . 
  i am openly atheist , and neither me , nor my atheist friends were ever persecuted . 
  in poland religion , or lack thereof , does not matter if you are decent human being . 
  noone cares about opinions of 80 years old zealots , and younger people do not care . 
  i hate those articles . 
  they are so hypocritical in their `` defense of democracy '' it hurts . 
  same goes for supposedly active groups like kod in poland , and other movements . 
  do n't believe in anything they say , they are just massive hypocrites . 
  when previous government did their unconstitutional election of 5 judges , instead of 3 ( number they could legally elect ) there were no kod manifestations , no public movements came to the streets , it somehow was non-issue . 
  now , when another governemnt does equally shitty decision about tribunal somehow it 's attack on democracy ? 
  give me a fucking break . 
  where were those manifestations when ofe money ( our retirement fund , which was in private companies hands ) was taken from us by government - where were they ? 
  or when previous government turned out to not give a shit about a country , when sentences like - `` this country does not exist , it 's just cock , shit and bundle of stones '' ; `` fuck eastern poland '' ; `` i do n't care about gas prices , for me it could be 7zl '' - were said by politicians where were the manifestations ? 
  where was kod ? 
  how those people could still work in politics after showing such disregard for our country ? 
  fuck kod , and everyone who cries about attack on democracy - you hypocritical bastards . 
  you seem to be very picky about what you deem attack on democracy , i guess it depends if there is money in it or not . 
  i am in no way defending current government , they are also massive cunts - which they 've shown already by f.e. 
  cutting funding on in-vitro , while we maintain massive funding to church . 
  but at the same time fuck oposition for making a fuss out of stuff they themselves did before , and involving in it foreing media . 
  our political scene is such a disgrace it hurts . 
  bunch of people whose only real goal is to get as much for themselves during their time in power , and not giving a shit about problems that we know will soon come . 
  nobody tries to fix our budget issue , nobody tries to fix that soon there will be no money for retirement funds , they do n't care about it ( yet ) , since it is problem for another governments . 
  egoistic assholes , thats what they are and have always been , every governemnt . 
  transsexual is a person who ca n't accept their biological sex / gender , therefore he/she undergoes body changes to make themselves look how they feel they should . 
  there is no such thing as woman brain trapped in mans body and vice versa - transsexualism is basicaly glorified mental ilness , nothing more . 
  those people should definetly not be allowed to join the police . 
  are we really this pc now ? 
  if someone ca n't even find their sexual identity , there is no way in hell i am trusting that person with a weapon and responsibilities that police officers have to uphold . 
  also all police forces besides medical examination undergo a psychic evaluation . 
  it 's not that easy for `` normal '' person to join the force , many people fail at psychic exams - how person struggling to accept / find his own sexuality will pass that ? 
  still it does not compare at all to pollution situation . 
  if their hungry children had very probable future big negative impact on me , then yes , there would be some sense in this comparison . 
  there are so many things that could be classified as `` negative phenomenon that you do n't control completely '' , it 's too vague to mean anything as comparison to problem of earths pollution . 
  what ? 
  this comparison is rubbish . 
  how are those two things even comparable in your eyes ? 
  their being hungry has absolutely no effect on me , however china and usa polluting atmosphere has besides local pollution for them global consequences for everyone else . 
  only thing i am getting out of this is image of some delusional people who think they can somehow save the world by drastic changes in our way of life . 
  just because sayig that black is not black does not make it true - you have your nationality wheter you like it or not . 
  infinite amount of flairs on reddit wo n't change that . 
  since when feelings got more to do with reality than facts ? 
  how are they better ? 
  with their limited range ? 
  long-ass charging time ? 
  and how are they source independent ? 
  if my country gets its electricity from coal it 's still not really clean energy that you are using in your vehicle , as coal was required to produce it . 
  and this part :  they accelerate quicker , are more spacious and require less maintenance . 
  is just golden . 
  and who will buy those cars ?
