  and to people defending that all people should have right to not shake someones hand - it 's school , good manners is something that should be polished there , we should not allow students to be rude just because . 
  nope , not at all - you know why ? 
  because we do n't say that we are better than western civilisation , that out laws are better than theirs , we also do n't do terrorist attacks . 
  so kindly fuck off . 
  what is also important - this asylum was not cheap , we payed for it with a train of gold , so there are not really any comparisons between that and current migration . 
  lets not kid ourselves , it 's never mike . 
  sooner we can accept that the better . 
  muslims not integrating in western society is not made up problem , and people like you trying to sweeep this under a rug is part of that problem as well . 
  so it was `` pierre '' and `` jacques '' that did the bombing ? 
  for fucks sake mate , just stop , you are embaracing yourself . 
  oh , like in paris there were no refugees ( or people posing as them ) doing attacks ? 
  get a fucking grip mate . 
  yea , because that is exactly the same . 
  better yet - start doing that when one of them does suicide attack on your airport or trainstation . 
  oh , so you mean we are trying to execute our persecuted minority of silesians ? 
  or we break human rights in poland ? 
  or we are not taking any migrants and in 2016 we will get only 400 of them ? 
  some of those people should lose their jobs for nonsense they said there . 
  no , but them saying absolutely idiotic things that could not have been any more far from thruth kind of does . 
  i recommend watching debate again , listening to what some of those idiots were saying , then checking the facts . 
  we are talking about eu debate and topics that were mentioned there , so unless i somehow missed them talking about it , your argument is not valid, 
  what is real reason to involve ep in internal matters of polish country ?? 
  nothing they did was undemocratical . 
  lo and behold all those faces changed in biased public tv - oh humanity !, 
  i am sure official of azerbaijan reported on that to ep , and not opposition , because why would they ? 
  about constitutional tribunal - yes , like it stopped expropriation of ofe money ? 
  or how it stopped adding fuel tax , because prices of fuel went to low ? 
  or how it stopped prolonged higher vat , despite it being said to apply for short period of time ? 
  this instutition is not liquidated , it still can give their verdicts on important legislations . 
  just do n't have any naive sentiment that it will work in your favour , cause it never did . 
  there was a statement from ep that this procedure was started for the first time because it was reported to them from outside that poland may not respect the rule of law . 
  oh , i am sorry - did change in anchormans in public tv change your day-to-day life ? 
  did change in judges and what defines majority in constitutional tribunal change how your life goes ? 
  give me a fucking break . 
  did i use the word refugee or migrant ? 
  did they use word refugee or migrant ?? 
  reading with comprehension is a beautifull skill , you should try to learn it someday . 
  i do n't think we can . 
  shame . 
  executions for silesians and breaking of human rights in poland arguments should provide swift kick in the ass for all those ignorant eu officials . 
  ... and have lost their political connections due to change in government . 
  nah , just kidding . 
  people who will go as far as to tell on their own country to ep even though there is no real reason to do so ( judging by previous government standards ) , to stir frictions between poles , to try to abolish democraticly chosen government just `` because '' , are weak , pitiful people , who can not take their loss with dignity . 
  lets be honest - no simple citizen was affected by those changes that were debated today . 
  not even one . 
  no simple jan kowalski ( eng john smith ) will feel any difference by how he lives in our country - i can not even imagine any rational person to try to undermine that argument - so who do you fight this fight for ? 
  well , did n't you hear they were threatened with executions ? 
  neither did they to be honest , but what do i know , spanish guy in ep said it , so it must be true . 
  hey , lets listen to all these people talking about poland like they have any idea about what they are talking about . 
  hypocrisy about migrants - suggesting that we will get only 400 . 
  what about ua migrants ? 
  are they some kind of imaginary people ? 
  they are worse than middle eastern ones ? 
  oh , and look at gloryfying of kod leader , you know - person who could afford going to brussels to spit on poland , yet cant afford to pay alimonies for his own children . 
  person who in interview said that he did not protest previous government , because he did not feel like protesting then - yea , true leader and person to aspire to . 
  also - what the fuck are they talking about human rights ? 
  what human rights are broken in poland ? 
  but this is paradoxically good . 
  it will show misinformation of eu officials , and how eu can be used to meddle in private matters of other countries for personal gain of some political parties . 
  eurosceptism will rise , and maybe we will start to look more critically on this union . 
  edit : oh , and here is first backhand putin comparison . 
  could you please provide a source for your statement ? 
  yep , all that has happened is strictly direct effect of our electoral system . 
  massive support loss for civic platform is definetly not a reason of their time in power , because as we clearly see in this totally unbiased article they can not do anything wrong . 
  i mean even if you try to hide behind those numbers you must objectively admit they have lost huge part of their followers , and things like that do not happen to good governments . 
  i do n't have to propose anything , as we are speaking about this article and not about means to fix the world . 
  half of the people have not even read the article , yet somehow think they should comment on it . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  have you even read the article ? 
  judging but what you are writing ( as in totally not staying on the subject of discussion at hand ) you did not . 
  i 'll help you - this idiotic article in attempt to put previous government in overly positive light went as far as to suggest that increased emigration of polish people was actually good and positive thing . 
  problem is that even people they so blatantly want to show in positive light have themselves admited that massive emigration is failure of poland and we should do as much as we can to encourage poles to come back to their homeland . 
  attitude that is commonly shared by all parties in poland . 
  what ? 
  in what world people moving from their homeland because they can not make decent life for themselves in it is a good thing ? 
  because that is what is happening , it 's not dreamy `` search for better education and work experience to come back to motherland and invest in it '' . 
  and it is something that is acknowledged by both sides of our political scene , even though article is not showing it as such . 
  but yeah , even though both previous government and current one can admit that it is a failure that more and more people leave , instead of coming back - it is you champ that is right about this situation . 
  oh , is that so ? 
  court battles about expropriation of private funds by government and officials do not really support your narrative . 
  it would take me few hours to mention all of the reasons . 
  but here is one - they basically expropriated our private retirement funds , and have put them in state controlled institution zus which will go bankrupt in few years . 
  also , under pretense of fixing budget they increased vat . 
  of course it was temporary measure and vat was suppoused to go back to it 's previous value after certain amount of time . 
  it never did . 
  when price of our fuel went down , in order to compensate they created special fuel tax . 
  there also was illegal tape recordings scandal - which , with all the controversy surrounding it , shown that many of people in power have absolute disregard for our contry ( `` this country is fictional , it 's cock , shit and a bundle of sticks '' , `` fuck eastern poland '' , `` i dont care about gas prices , they can go up to 7zl '' and so on ) . 
  by any objective metrics civic platform heavily lost their support in poland as a direct effect of their `` governing '' . 
  as for huge numbers of poles leaving - article mentioned it as success , which objectively it was not . 
  what is more even civic platform , so highly praised in this text , many times acknowledged it as a problem and failure . 
  what you wrote still does not change anything about that sentence . 
  apathy towards elections and political parties is not effect of good , competent government . 
  majority of poles did not vote for them , but neither did they for any other political party . 
  their electorate was most vocal one , and that is a fact . 
  it was biggest to take part in this elections - also fact . 
  if some of them are so naive to come back and `` invest '' their money in poland - they soon face harsh reality of how unbelievably small-company unfriendly our country is . 
  but truth is that huge majority of them never returns , because why would they ? 
  why this article is utter shit : - if your beloved civic platform was so great how come current goverment does not even need coalition to be able to have majority in sejm ? 
  answer - civic platform was terrible , incompetent , corrupted government , which made it possible for such backward political party as law and justice to win . 
  - huge numbers of poles moving to other eu countries is not by any means success ( unless you mean it in a sarcastic way ) .
