as long as you 're not a putin critic or gay , right ? 
  but sure , the amount of permits you need to build a house should be the definition of freedom . 
  do you actually know why you say that or is it just something you saw on a facebook meme ? 
  just curious , not saying there is nothing to criticize . 
  literally making netherlands great again . 
  do n't you guys have actual issues to protest against in poland ? 
  everybody that watched this show knows that the poles did n't build and run these camps . 
  it 's honestly just fucking annoying reading that bullshit spam under every article they post . 
  at least you instantly assume thousands . 
  how come there were n't more attacks on christmas markets despite isis calling to attack them ? 
  but obviously you 're informed way better than all of europe 's intelligence agencies . 
  he 's fucking with you dude, 
  there are hundreds of thousands of bombs still buried under our big cities and basically nothing ever happens . 
  i would n't be surprised if there was one directly below me . 
  but there 's no point in worrying about things you ca n't affect anyway . 
  also , there 's a medieval gate tower in the way of the blast , all gucci . 
  kind of amused actually , not sure why . 
  grew up in a small town where this was n't an issue so this is new for me . 
  it happens everyday somewhere in germany so i 'm not really worried about it . 
  was n't gon na spend the holidays here anyway . 
  sure sucks for the people who have to spend the whole day somewhere else especially since it 's the whole city center . 
  feels + * carefully selected data that backed those up *, 
  everything you wrote in your rambles was based on feels , but carry on . 
  my appartement is 100m away from that bomb and i certainly do n't want my shit get blown up but somehow i wan na see what would happen aswell, 
  because people do that for themselves and not to show all your facebook friends that you care/pretend to care . 
  the grey countries are grey because they are not in the eu and therefore should n't count in the eu average . 
  what ? 
  skiing for austria ( also shitloads of tourists in vienna ) and for montenegro people with other passports visiting their families . 
  that 's my guess at least . 
  edit : and low poulation obviously, 
  haha . 
  good satire there mate . 
  as i understand it this quota is for 120,000 refugees who are currently in hungary/greece/italy . 
  so 14931 total out of 120000 will go to spain . 
  definitely the right way to do it , although you can argue on the numbers . 
  saves lives and you get the really poor refugees out who ca n't afford the smugglers . 
   since it does n't fit your agenda it 's obviously fake , right ? 
  i wonder who derailed it . 
  it 's just the title here on reddit and liveleak that 's sensationalist . 
  in the clip itself they even state that the `` homeless '' people living there might be able to live there again after the new houses are built . 
  and i 'm pretty sure they could just apply for other social housing if they really ca n't afford a place on their own . 
  wtf are you on about ? 
  he never claimed it was fake , just pointed out a mistake in your statement that national ! = public tv . 
  i 'm not even sure what `` national television '' is supposed to be . 
  public broadcasting is the correct term . 
  sadly not everyone thinks that way . 
  the alemanni were a germanic tribe just like the germani . 
  [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/names_of_germany ), 
   these people assume and base their prediction on the projections that the asylum seekers will leave once the war is over . 
  this commenter assumes and bases his prediction on the projections that the asylum seekers will not leave once the war is over . 
  mostly because it 's located in franconia, 
  [ best i could do ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eueklrv.jpg ), 
  alright so you do n't believe it . 
  maybe that would change if you lived in a warzone . 
  believe it or not : there are actually people in this world that do n't want to kill other people . 
  came here expecting bogdan de la cluj to be on top . 
  glad i was n't disappointed . 
  haha , that is actually insane . 
  did n't know they had companies competing for the best fuel efficiency . 
  thanks for the source . 
   you are correct . 
  if you have an empty stretch of road that is perfectly straight , and you slowly accelerated to around 80 km/h and then held it there while driving perfectly straight with no head wind , you will hit the manufacturer figures it 's not that extreme . 
  i could match the manufactures figures easily when driving on the austrian autobahn at 100-150 km/h in my old e200 benz with medium traffic ( i think it was 8,3 l/100km ) . 
  but the official figures should include cities and country roads where this is completely unrealistic . 
  its just widely accepted here that you have to add at least 20-30 % depending on your driving style . 
  in cities i 'd hit 14l/100km frequently but it should be noted that i drive like a fucking moron . 
  i really doubt that . 
  could you provide a source ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you could hit the manufacturers figures if you drive perfectly efficient and there are no traffic jams most of the time . 
  it 's still insignificant statistically . 
   people on the street will say hello to them . 
  greeting random people in the streets ? 
  thought we were talking about germany . 
   they 'll see that not wearing a burqa is n't that big of a deal . 
  they 'll get used to it , just like how they got used to wearing the burqa in the first place . 
  when everyone stops wearing it , there is no longer any shame in being the only women on your street not to wear it . 
  and their daughters will grow up without ever having known the burqa . 
  if they leave the house 99.99 % ( probably ) of the women they see are not wearing burkas already . 
  some will leave the house less if they ca n't wear it ( not all of them are forced to wear it by their male family members ) if they feel ashamed of themselves , or not at all if other family members can get the deeds done you described . 
  but for the general public the problem is fixed at this point if they can never see them right ? 
  they need to realize these points you described in your last third themselves or get educated about these topics ( somehow , do n't ask me how ) . 
  i 'd rather see 1 more burka every month or week walking down the street than having her forced to sit at home ( by her man or by her belief ) . 
  or 10 per day . 
  i personally could n't care less . 
  sorry for shitty writing , had a few beers . 
  my main point here is that if you ban the burka , you do n't fix the problem , you just get it out of sight . 
  and i think a ban will not accomplish anything . 
  all it 's gon na do is make them stay at home . 
  while driving for example is a different story , but i doubt they would drive anyway . 
  if you apply that kind of logic to my post i could say something like : i saw a picture of hitler wearing shoes , i 'm sure you 're in favor of banning all shoes . 
  i just do n't see how you make the connection from a burka ban to a swastika ban . 
  both representing ideologies ? 
  freedom of speech ? 
  edit :  we do n't like that they are forced to wear certain clothes so we force them to to wear other certain clothes . 
  i think it 's stupid because it 's hypocritical . 
  i do n't see how that applies to swastikas, 
  what do you mean ? 
  because we force neonazis to fly different flags ? 
  i agree but banning them seems stupid . 
  we do n't like that they are forced to wear certain clothes so we force them to to wear other certain clothes .
