  maybe you should ask the commenter above , not me . 
  i never said that it does n't work . 
  i just said that ** if ** it does n't work , then it should be fixed instead of preventing the smaller parties . 
  maybe the system should be changed instead , if it does n't work with so many parties . 
  why should single person splinter parties be prevented ? 
  finland had a 6 party coalition in 2011-2015 . 
  or finnish, 
  no , unlike australia , israel is a member of ebu . 
  well , half of iceland is technically in north america and that 's where most of the people live . 
  * ~ ~ swedish ~ ~ politicians * geniuses pick one, 
  is it a / u/zogg18 joke ? 
  portugal not european confirmed . 
  really the problem is stupid spelling in english . 
  in many languages `` your '' and `` you 're '' would be spelled in the same way , because they are pronounced the same . 
  [ is this a competition ? 
  ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/appendix:finnish_nominal_inflection ), 
  that does n't break vowel harmony . 
  why is n't '' - 's '' considered a case in english ? 
  actually there are some cases in estonian that do n't exist in finnish . 
  no , it has nothing to do with that . 
  it does n't matter . 
  finnish has a line to swedish too , even though there is no genetic relation . 
   basque is an isolate , it 's not part of a larger family , so it was left off the chart . 
  well , technically it is part of a larger family , but it is just the only living language in the family . 
  but there is a line between finnish and swedish too . 
  the relation that finnish and swedish has is similar to basque and french/spanish . 
  yeah i know that . 
  finnish and swedish also do n't have any relation , but there are still loaned words for example . 
  i 'm sure even basque would have some kind of line to french or spanish . 
  but gdp does n't even measure income . 
  what bike sharing system ? 
  would they be able to use the byzantine money back in scandinavia ? 
   the other question is : what would you replace them with ? 
  just get rid of them completely . 
  i find it really hard to understand why so many people seem to think that the democratic system of the uk is good . 
  in my opinion the uk is hardly even a democracy . 
  most of the justifications you mentioned just do n't make any sense to me . 
  but why could n't they be democratically elected ? 
  why is that a good thing though ? 
  it 's very undemocratic . 
  what is the purpose of the lords ? 
   singapore ( 719km2 ) which has a population of around 5,610,000 that 's bigger than the population of finland . 
  finland, 
  or poland, 
  look at the map . 
  it has only palestine coloured . 
  palestine is recognised by bunch of states though . 
  but why does it break down to two syllables instead of one ? 
  it does n't sound any different to those diphthongs . 
  can someone explain this : apparently the finnish diphthongs are these : yi , \u00f6i , \u00e4i , ui , oi , ai , \u00e4y , au , y\u00f6 , \u00f6y , uo , ou , ie , ei , eu , iu , ey and iy , but why is for example oe not a diphthong ? 
  it 's palestine , not israel . 
  do n't cars use winter tires in there ? 
  it 's about 2,5 $ a meal , so about 75 $ / month . 
  my rent is about 250 $ and i spend about 100-150 $ for everything else . 
  so that 's about 350-400 $ / month . 
  but i do understand that most people ca n't live with as little money as i can . 
  as a student i get cheap housing and food , and i am maybe even a bit overly stingy with my money . 
  that 's true and to be honest living with as little money as i do is not possible even for all students . 
  why ca n't you do that with regular welfare ? 
  i live on less than that as a student . 
  swedish being an official language in finland is nothing more than remnant of the swedish rule in finland . 
  there is no good reason for it anymore . 
  you 're more likely to be hit by a car on your way to the new year 's celebration than you 're to die from terrorism there . 
  there are places in sweden that are strictly finnish speaking too . 
  would you call sweden a bilingual country ? 
  swedish not being a foreign language is just a technicality . 
  most finns never need to use swedish in their lives . 
  greece too, 
   their famous national stereotype of being calm and collected stoicists probably took the biggest hit . 
  is that really the stereotype people have of the british ? 
  i thought the stereotype was more or less the opposite . 
  i think you might be thinking of estonia . 
  \\* only korea, 
  people from \u00c5land do n't learn finnish . 
  actually i figured how i could read it with a tool by now , but the problem i had earlier was that i could n't distinguish some colours on the map . 
  now this can of course mean that they are actually close to each other , but i do n't really trust my colour vision , so i ca n't be sure . 
  normally i would use a tool to distinguish colours from each other , but in this case it did n't work , because of the continuous scale . 
  so if you changed the scale to a discrete one it would solve the issue , for me at least . 
  actually i figured out a better way to use the tool for this kind of maps , so it is not really `` impossible '' anymore just a bit harder . 
  except sweden . 
  as a colourblind person this map is impossible to read . 
   50f this is / r/europe . 
  50f = 10 c. 
  neither here :(, 
  even in finnish, 
  for comparison the nuclear bombings of hiroshima and nagasaki killed about 130 000 people in total . 
  the karelian isthmus was not part of russia back then either though . 
   you should go at the beginning of april when the ice melts no , do n't do that . 
  that 's the worst time of the year to visit finland . 
   the finnish subs have a lot of problems . 
  what problems ? 
  the fact that spelling competitions make sense in english tells a lot . 
  they are not even that famous in finland . 
  at least i had n't heard of them before this ama . 
  well , they did n't really get a lot done . 
   liberal right ( anarcho capitalism ) - for a few years in spain between the wars but the french ended it it was anarcho communism , not capitalism . 
  at least if you mean [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/revolutionary_catalonia ) . 
  also a better term would probably be libertarian instead of liberal there . 
  \\  moderate \\  republicans, 
  finland 2011-2014 would have been a full rainbow .
