just watched the first minute , he seemed to know a thing or two . 
  obviously not . . !, 
  sorry guys !, 
  okay . 
  maybe not so as well done as i thought then . . 
  cool . 
  found this which explains dutch/flemish differences pretty well : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cw-ohhozxwk ( about 7 minutes ), 
  well . 
  they also have their little oil fund , hrm $ 973 billion dollars , so i 'd say they can pay a little extra for their fast food than us poor , starving swedes !, 
  hell , they could even afford to send every family in sweden eternal big macs for a century or two . 
  if that 's not a good investment i do n't know what is . 
  it 's simply baffling how misinformed you are . 
  i understand why romani people flee romania if people over there have the same opinions as you . 
  you know , they 've been persecuted since they left india , right ? 
  still are ? 
  structural racism ? 
  go read a book . 
  i guess it 's because smuggling is easier . 
  i was living in marseille a while back , which also has an incredibly bad rep. [ same thing there . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_connection ) drugs coming and going . 
  same thing in oslo . 
  guess it depends on loads of other factors as well but that 's just what i 've heard - port towns are usually grittier . 
  of course there 's exceptions . 
  how is amsterdam ? 
  pretty safe no ? 
  i 'm originally from this particular town . 
  it has an undeserved bad rep. 
  there are per capita more criminality in both gothenburg and stockholm for example . 
  sure , it 's a port town , and those are usually a bit grittier , with everything that comes with being a port town . 
  still - these actions are rather a form of self regulation , gangsters targeting other gangsters . . 
  but an important point to be made is that the common man is n't the target here . 
  i might be biased coming from malm\u00f6 but i got ta say it 's a damn nice town !, 
  also , zlatan comes from malm\u00f6 :-), 
  or they could just take a dollar or two from their modest little oil fund . 
  worth around $ 857 billion dollars according to wiki . 
  poor guys !, 
  or rather . . poor swedes that takes all the jobs that you do n't want , our krona is almost worth the same now ... :-), 
  i 'm not convinced that that 's the right way to deal with people in an already vulnerable position . 
  you 're poor ? 
  sorry , it 's illegal . 
  i really think we should stop hitting down and instead focus on where the problems are . 
  with money grubbing people on the top for example ... 
  saw [ this picture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/scbqaoi.jpg ) on twitter the other day . 
  it adresses asylum seekers but i think it applies to poverty , or beggars , as well . 
  it 's funny how it 's especially you guys with the american flags who gets upset when people strike against your deeply rooted liberal market economy . . one of your american writers said it pretty well : `` socialism never took root in america because the poor see themselves not as an exploited proletariat but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires . '', 
  hear , hear . 
  i met a girl on erasmus in my hometown . 
  she always wanted to do these touristic things which i naturally did n't care much for . 
  then i followed her back home and she got to taste her own medicine ...  an important point to be made though , which i learned the hard way - it 's really damn hard coming to a new culture , not knowing the language , not understanding the humour , etc. 
  i had a bloody difficult time adapting . 
  after a year i still do n't really understand how the french socialize . . 
  anyway , i think erasmus really helps in that way . 
  there are usually tons of other people in the exact same place as you . 
  it 's just extremely practical . 
  please bring back some troms\u00f6 weather to this canicule ... marseille is literally killing me . 
  27c now and it 's one in the morning . 
  jeez . 
  just a note . 
  the swedish posters on reddit tend to be very pro swedish democrats ( the extreme right wing party ) . 
  here 's an answer from someone who would never vote for them . 
  in my opinion nobody wants to work with them because their representatives constantly messes up , says stupid racist things , and are basically a one question party . 
  oh and they used to be full blown nazis back in the days . 
  the norwegian alternative manages to not mess up time after time , and were n't nazis before . 
  kinda makes a difference . 
  maybe it was n't clear but that was my point . 
  it 's kinda easier to travel when you 're money is worth more than the other country 's . 
  i can only presume that if our continents economies were switched , we 'd have a massive influx of latin americans in europe . 
  yeah . 
  here on reddit i usually just go to / r/trees when i get tired of the common racist banter on the rest of the site . . 
  there 's a huge difference between having a racist-infested part of a forum , and a forum that 's completely biased towards racist posts ( with a few exceptions as you state ) . 
  i completely disagree . 
  flashback is a swedish forum with a strong racist hivemind . 
  perhaps 5-10 years ago or so it was ` ok ' but something happened and since then it 's completely infested by posters leaning to the far right . 
  even if flashback sadly is pretty big in sweden , it is in absolutely no way what so ever representative as ` sweden 's reddit ' . 
  rather ` sweden 's stormfront ' ... 
  saw absolutely nothing of it from a cloudy marseille . 
  did n't even notice it getting darker . 
  the grandchildren are gon na be so impressed one day when i tell them about the grand solar eclipse of 2015 !, 
  haha !, 
  great work . 
  i just wan na say that i think your euro [ looks plain awesome . 
  ] ( http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/79992000/jpg/_79992151_lithoneeuroafp.jpg ), 
  what 's really cute is if we compare our population sizes !, 
  us 318,9 m vs europe 742,5 m. 
  there 's a reason they call it orgasmus, 
  while i feel compelled to agree with you on that , very few terrorist attacks as a whole are de facto committed by muslims . 
  the power of media is incredibly scary . 
  or simply scary . . http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/01/14/are-all-terrorists-muslims-it-s-not-even-close.html, 
  perhaps because ... they never answered him ? 
  that 's really interesting . 
  i 'm a bit late to the party here , but , mind linking to a spoken version ? 
   they have banned climate protests at cop21 , there is absolutely no indication that the activists are targets or that they themselves pose any threat . 
  also heard about other activities involving crowds were allowed . 
  yeah this is absurd . 
  the christmas markets as champs elys\u00e9es will still go on , and even the football games will continue ( !!?! ), 
  where the terrorists were trying to get in !, 
  but no , no climate protests . 
  safe to say that hollande does n't want another cop15 on his hands . 
  i guess what he insinuates is that democratic rights are important . 
  when it fits him .
