pretty sure that 's thera ( santorini ) a greek island in the aegean sea . 
  i caught jirachi first try itemless , 
  i just had that happen to me while playing as tsl mongolia , but they settled tibet . 
  does anyone know why their ai likes to settle very far away from their capital so early ? 
  is zoroark or giratina-o better for sinister power ? 
  i 'm seeing a lot of references on this form recommending zoroark , but giratina-o has the same ability and 80bp . 
  can someone explain something that i 'm missing ? 
  ohh , thank you so much !, 
  sgt peppers reissue edition . 
  yeah it 's not super rare , but i love it still to this day . 
  subnautica please op !!, 
  btw prison architect is great anyone who does n't have it should pick it up in the humble bundle sale rn !, 
  ayy pokemon xyz, 
  can we get gengis khan again ? 
  that would be real nice to have a huge mongol empire now that the science and culture penalties for each city are removed . 
  what game is this ? 
  greek civil war looks like a cool scenario . 
  from left to right :, 
  physical graffiti by led zeppelin , an original copy of toys in the attic by aerosmith , original goodbye yellow brick road single by elton john , abbey road by the beatles , an original copy of pink floyd 's dark side of tyhe moon in great condition , and ziggy stardust by david bowie . 
  so the story goes that my uncle gifted me a very nice turntable from the 60s with speakers , amp , and everything . 
  at the same time , i bought for myself sgt. 
  pepper 's and revolver . 
  i fell in love with the sound , much better than my crappy digital speakers i was used to . 
  cue to now , i finally saved up enough money to go to my local record store and picked up these . 
  as a young person , it was hard to get a collection going because i did n't have much to start with , but i am very pleased with this haul now and it was worth the wait . 
  just wanted to share this with you guys because this sub has been a great help showing me how to properly take care of everything . 
  thank you !, 
  definitely , i 've owned it on digital for a while now . 
  grown to be one of my favorites . 
  thanks !, 
  animals and physical graffiti are the bessssttt, 
  game dev tycoon developers put out a pirated version of the game on purpose that had your company go out of business in the mid game due to extreme pirating . 
  there 's no way you can win on it . 
  pretty clever for the developers to discourage people from pirating . 
  breh roman emperors like nero wore silk ... 
  it was also a common show of wealth and status for women to wear silk . 
  and silk only came from china . 
  yay, 
  intel celeron , integrated intel hd graphics , 
  glad i 'm not the only one !, 
  lol today , everyone would lose their fucking mind today if this happened . 
  totally in games like civ or eu4 , when i declare war - it 's like `` ooo , this should be an easy win but better save just in case i mess up . '', 
  holy . 
  shit . 
  this is so amazing , i 'm actually low-key inspired by these achievements of yours . 
  a huge factor into why i chose the i7-6700k is because my local microcenter has it on sale , only $ 10 more expensive than the i5-6600k i was looking at . 
  thanks for the advice on the h series mobo , i was n't really planning on overclocking much if at all . 
  thanks a lot for the informative comment !, 
  [ i put in a ssd  ], 
  you 're right about the cheaper motherboard , found a similar one for cheaper , just does n't overclock . 
  thanks for the input on the other parts too !, 
  just got a new pc , overwatch please op !, 
  [ r/civ ] ( reddit.com/civ ) is leaking again, 
  ... wow that fixed it . 
  what, 
  triggered, 
  yeah i was actually googling the achievement but the picture was from an article on the sultanate of rum, 
  * me too thanks, 
  stridersword, 
  really love medieval games , and chivalry has always seemed interesting !, 
  ay same breed of pupper and same specs !, 
  idc whatever nation you want op , ik it 's late in ` the season ' , but if you need someone , i 'll be willing to play , 
  this is beautiful . . 
  bless you, 
  ah please op , i 'm currently sporting a cheapo off brand mouse i got on clearance . 
  an upgrade would be fantastic !, 
  nice abbey road picture man !, 
  my first pc game would have to be one of those abc counting games your parents get you when you 're very young . 
  i do n't remember it 's name . 
  the first real pc game is civ v for me . 
  keyboard - some gigabyte $ 10 crap, 
  mouse - og white windows mouse ( i love it it 's the best ), 
  headphones - apple earbuds, 
  controller - none lmao, 
  all this with a 1070 and i7 under the hood lol, 
  what if i told you, 
  athens is a crusader duchy and is not greek ... 
  yeah i caught another one the other day when i noticed constantinople was spelled kostantiniyye when owned by the ottomans ... 
  beautiful and amazingly well executed !, 
  r5 : my graphics card must have been too unrecognizable to civ iv due to the games age , that it gave me this funny error message . 
  it 's still playable thankfully . 
  yep !, 
  classic constantinople not istanbul , but some people did n't get it apparently . 
  thank you !, 
  nah , i actually just bought the game and this was the first thing i saw after the movie !, 
  but thanks for the tip when i do get into mods . 
  how did you make that list ? 
  this is why i love pcmr \u2764 \u2764, 
  wow so i did n't expect so much backlash from this ... 
  this was actually a convo from my friend - whose permission i got to share . 
  i guess i 'll have to give her a little talk about how you should be nicer to creeps hitting in you ? 
  lol, 
  i have n't been to many places , but this is a cool idea and why not take a stab at it ? 
  [ here 's mine !, 
  boi that 's my alarm, 
  it 's a pupperrrrrr ... 
  so cute op, 
  oml the desk space o_o looks nice op !, 
  low key nsfw op ... 
  nice name for your doggo,
