  in fact , i might even have fun doing them . 
  i 'd like rain 's `` leadership '' skill as a materia . 
  that way , it 'll be easier to build your ideal and preferred party . 
  like for example , if i wanted rain 's leadership then that means i 'd have to give up the tanking prowess of cecil . 
  alternately , if i wanted cecil 's tanking ability , then i would have to give up the convenience of rain 's leadership skill and have to settle for separately casting cecil 's focus and refia 's embolden . 
  it seems to be really that good because a ) equipment that give evasion are currently rare and b ) not even jp has that sword . 
  personally , i farmed for it because i do n't do tm macro myself . 
  that means every chance i get for good equipment , i grab them . 
  all aboard the thunder god club boat . 
  lol, 
  just got ta say ... that thing 's hideous . 
  it 's like mother nature could n't make up her mind or was drunk to either make a snake or a leopard . 
  here 's the thing , from blowing all my lapis and tickets the first time lightning came about , i realized and accepted then and there that i would never get a 5-star base unless i pour some real money into the game . 
  which i was n't willing to do considering their cheapest package is still too expensive for something virtual . 
  with that said , i 've played the game like 5-star bases did n't even exist . 
  i know they 're there , and i see them when my friends use them , but i approach them with a mindset that they 're simply high-end npcs for hire and that players like me would never get them . 
  however , i still saved up tickets for specific characters ( because why not , i have nothing better to do tbh ) . 
  namely orlandu and in the future , sephiroth . 
  i guess what i 'm trying to say is , ** just play the game normally as if 5-star bases are just npcs that ca n't be acquired at all ** and one day , you 'll suddenly be surprised that you get one even when you were n't even hunting for it in the first place . 
  approaching the game with that mindset , makes disappointing pulls less painful . 
  pretty sure i 'm numb to them at this point really . 
  yeah , i 'm starting to think that theory going around that the ** rates are increased for players with minimal to zero game activity ** are true . 
  so , i take it the bosses for this event 1-hit you , goes through evasion ( due to those **** ing hitboxes ) , drains all your lapis when you die and reverts your save to the start of the event thus getting rid of any and all progress from that point ? 
  now i 'm just 99 % ftp . 
  mono red is a good place to start . 
  still competitive while not hurting your budget in the long run . 
  next on the budget friendly list would be mono green elves . 
  either deck should help you do well enough . 
  probably not a 100 % win rate but you 'll definitely win some matches while lose a few here and there . 
  if you 're not worried about budget then by all means , go with tron . 
  also , remember that it also depends on your local meta . 
  goblins are okay . 
  they do well enough considering how strong the competition is in modern . 
  it all depends on your local game shop 's meta and your side-board cards . 
  +1 to what he said . 
  you may want to run mono red burn instead . 
  it can still have goblins along with other non-goblin sources / creatures . 
  i used 100 lapis whenever i died in a stage . 
  they were n't even boss stages . 
  just normal dungeons . 
  it was n't until i hit level 70 + that i started realizing that doing that was a waste of lapis . 
  * that you could reroll until you got a 5-star base, 
  * that using 100 lapis to resurrect yourself is a bad , bad , very bad decision . 
  * that splitting up your stat pots between different heroes is another equally bad , bad , very bad decision . 
  * just recently ; that crafting the armors and accessories first before y ` shtola 's unique staff which consumed all of the materials is an extremely bad , bad , very bad life decision . 
  the main reason i play is because of the game-play . 
  even though it 's final fantasy , if the game-play and sprites were similar to record keeper , i would never play it ( e.g. 
  the heroes in record keeper would just wiggle a bit when doing an attack . 
  no actual attack animation happens unlike in brave exvius ) . 
  been doing it actually . 
  ofcourse i prioritize really useful ones like just recently ; y ` shtola . 
  i 'm looking to awaken laswell next even though he 'll still stay on the bench right after . 
  i may not go on the pioneer voyage into space . 
  a lot of things could go wrong since it 'll be the first time we 'd be doing it . 
  i 'd wait for the flights after that . 
  safety protocols should be more updated by then . 
  \u266b raise your flag, 
  come on and raise your flag, 
  so just raise your flag, 
  oh wait ... wrong universe ... 
  if you want to aim for a 5-star , now is the time to do it by rerolling . 
  do n't chase them as you go along the game . 
  just enjoy the ride with daily pulls and tickets . 
  do n't go all in with the in-game currency ( lapis ) unless you 're planning to spend hundreds of dollars into the game . 
  edit : never use lapis to resurrect yourself . 
  i 'd keep him since he 's already good himself . 
  the only remotely `` bad '' 5-star base is lightning and even then that 's only because we have the others to choose from now . 
  noctis is awesome support . 
  if you got him instead , i 'd still recommend you keeping him instead of going for orlandeau . 
  all in all , you have a pretty good start . 
  you can reroll if you want but what guarantee do you have that a ) you 'll get noctis and b ) you 'll get orlandeau again ? 
  queen is a base 5-star ? 
  lol all this time i thought she was some hyped none 5-star one . 
  i thought delita has good damage output ? 
  any room for restoration angel 's old partner ; thragtusk ? 
  the game would rather give me 2 cecil and 1 zidane than give me fryevia . 
  like , wth ... . 
  also known as sober-and-cocaine-free-sophie . 
  edit : which is essentially all 4 . 
  i was waiting for this when the egg seekers banner begun . 
  congratulations on luneth . 
  lost it when refia 's crazy-ex side started whispering . 
  hahahaha !, 
  oh man , now medius will really be useless . 
  how long will this week 's gift box ( the usual lapis , topaz + buff ) last ? 
  my salary will arrive this coming tuesday so i need to know if i can just wait until then or go ahead and use my credit card right now . 
  edit : extra question ; what are those rainbow colored cakes in korea for ? 
  i know what the others are for but these rainbow colored ones are unique in korea only . 
  what are they for ? 
  thank you , and next maintenance is next weekend , right ? 
  more or less ? 
  thank you . 
  any idea about my second question ? 
  noise !, 
  plenty of time . 
  thank you !, 
  yes that 's the one . 
  i see , thank you very much !, 
  that answers my question . 
  what ever happened to dragonstorm decks ?
