experiencing this too . 
  using bluestacks with my desktop . 
  square-enix is making similar mistakes to ffxv before it became arr ; rushing things . 
  also , the game has way too many loading times for a modern mobile app . 
  that kid will go places when he grows up . 
  geeezus **** ... now they add my freya into the mix . 
  x1 half-price featured summon and x5 summon tickets . 
  all 3-stars : fran ( 2 ) , galuf , maria , clyne and medius, 
  yeah , i 'm not spending 5,000 lapis . 
  maybe if sephiroth was there , i would , but not for these rates and for garnet and freya . 
  forget trying to get zidane . 
  got a zidane just today at the once-a-day 250 lapis featured summon . 
  and here i was actually hoping to pull either garnet or freya . 
  personally i just use any free tickets i get and only do the 250-once-a-day-summon . 
  currently saving my 7,800 lapis for when they add or if they add sephiroth , seifer and probably another cool bow user like artemios ( i like bow classes ) . 
  okay , i pulled zidane yesterday and today i got vaan . 
  both from the 250 discounted summon . 
  currently my main party consists of terra ( maxed ) and wol ( maxed ) . 
  with artemios , bartz and fina not far behind in reaching max level . 
  they 're all at their max ranks as well , btw . 
  my question is ; should i bother leveling vaan and zidane ? 
  they 're both just 3-stars . 
  or just set them aside for now as part of my collection ? 
  i know i 'll definitely use those trust moogles on zidane . 
  i think the other half of the most recent content is still to be released . 
  that 's including diablos . 
  cheers !, 
  a bit surprised that you chose terra . 
  i 'll lose my aoe then . 
  also , is n't it a little redundant since wol already has full break ? 
  heaven 's ash . 
  only reason for phantom forest run even at high levels . 
  the ash is a staple ingredient for 4-star and up awakenings . 
  for me , whenever i need to do dailies for exploration , i went to phantom forest . 
  lately , i 've also been farming maranda coast for ice megacrysts and i 've noticed that it gives me a noticeable chunk of rank exp . 
  i 'm currently rank 35 . 
  gratz !, 
  only decent mages i have at the moment is terra and vivi , with terra being at max rank and level . 
  you mean sacred crystals , right ? 
  yeah stick with int . 
  you get more bang for your buck . 
  int drops a decent amount for me every time . 
  either they come in twos or threes . 
  love that place . 
  took me a while now that i think about it . 
  what i did was to simply ignore it in a way that i did n't put it at the top of my concerns list . 
  i just made it a point to go to the hungers map to do my daily quest completion quest . 
  then one day , i just noticed that i had the quest marked as completed . 
  yeah just play the game normally , tbh . 
  try not to focus on your rank level . 
  i never grinded that myself , instead , i just focused on my units . 
  the nrg in this game replenishes quicker than most mobile games anyways . 
  always have been a fan of him . 
  a bit dismayed that he 's just sub-par at the moment . 
  he 's awesome since he has some decent killer passives and barrage . 
  i 'm just disappointed with his trust master reward : equip bow . 
  would 've been nicer if it gave a high level bow as reward since there is n't one in the game anyways . 
  thanks . 
  gave me something to think about . 
  i still do n't have locke , though . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll put it into consideration . 
  i just maxed fina now , anyways , so i 'll have a spot up for a lowbie to grind . 
  haha same . 
  ca n't wait to see their approach with sephiroth . 
  vivi is pretty nice because of his double cast . 
  he actually hits harder thanks to that . 
  but since you have kefka , i think he 's way better in the long run . 
  i 'm a bit of a collector when it comes to games like these so , i find the second set very attractive . 
  however , the first set is pretty much a money-in-the-bag for farming . 
  you 're all ready to go with set one . 
  never really noticed anything worthwhile from there aside from awakening mats . 
  oh hands down i do chamber for exp grind . 
  cactuar chamber if it 's up , no questions . 
  i guess the latest exploration maps would still give more exp but then you have to really play the game or use macros . 
  i like the chambers because i can simply click on ` auto ' and then alt + tab and do something else . 
  i like the convenience . 
  have n't thoroughly read through those recent forms of terra and kefka myself . 
  oh you really meant holy crystals ? 
  sorry , it 's just that i never really had any problems getting those . 
  they 're all over the place to be honest . 
  i. ... i think i 'll just wait for the trust moogles . 
  lol, 
  that 's nice . 
  still would prefer them to change that tm reward of his though . 
  i actually prefer the ` normal ' look for celebrities . 
  i ca n't put it into words but this photo of her 's is still a turn on . 
  i sure hope they 'd do something for us be players . 
  not everyone owns a ps4 , sadly . 
  me being one of those lol . 
   ... ( the power creep would break our game i belive . ), 
  care to elaborate a bit ? 
  i ca n't see why se ca n't just ` balance ' out the stats of ffxv units . 
  nah , i doubt he 'll ever be true to his ffxv counterpart . 
  just imagine what you suggested there ; x4 weapons + barrage . 
  that would be too crazy . 
  as the others posted on here ; they 'll have to give us his 5-star version first and even at 6-star , i think we 'll only get double wield and some passive unique to him of sorts but not make him too game changing . 
  collecting every unit . 
  even the trash ones . 
  in fact , i think i have all of the trash ones already .
