  if it 's any consolation , the 2 lone tickets i used just got me hope and that katana wielding student from type-0 . 
  they got eaten pretty quick by their prime versions . 
  thanks !, 
  exactly what i needed to hear . 
  yeah , it was a real bummer when they removed ** arcane golem ** 's charge . 
  i think that 's what really killed the deck for me . 
  right ... i 'm confused . 
  i thought the holy trinity was wol , tilith and rikku ? 
  with tilith being replaced by ayaka or cg fina appropriately once those two come out . 
  yeah can you explain the requirements for ffbe 's `` holy trinity '' status ? 
  i thought it was because of the balance of having a tank , support and healer was considered a trinity . 
  orlandu , tidus and eileen are all dps . 
  so ... . why ? 
  thanks !, 
  exactly what i wanted to know . 
  that 's good and all but i 'm still a little dumb founded as to why rob even bothered accepting and going to the banquet in the first place after what he did . 
  like dude , you just cancelled and pretty much dumped the political marriage set-up by an ally lord , and you go to his banquet even still ? 
  a little common sense would have gone a long way , young wolf , and you would still be alive and in the game right now . 
  nope . 
  you 're not alone . 
  only reason i log-in now is for the free stuff . 
  until we get another guaranteed 5 * event with improved rates ( meaning we do n't end up with clones ) i 'm not spending a cent on this game . 
  i 'm tired with all of the garnets , hope and vanilles i 've been getting lately . 
  sniff ... sniff ... my ... my wallet . 
  my ... my credit card ... sniff ... please ... someone help me ... . 
  `` broogle '' . 
  you made me spill my drink you bastard . 
  thanks for the laugh tho . 
  right , so is pod 153 supposed to be equipped by xon to increase the drop rates or is it okay for my rikku to keep it ? 
  they 're both in the same party . 
  ** edit : thanks !!!, 
  after seeing sephiroth coming to jp , nah , the hardcore saving starts now . 
  not even discounted 250 pulls . 
  full on 120 % no spending for me until i get that glorious-silver-haired-mama 's - boy . 
  i just ask for an extra bowl or plate . 
  i 've never had food returned to the kitchen for any reason aside from taking it home with me . 
  i do n't want staff spitting in it . 
  never happened to me before but seeing that it has happened to others , i think i 'll pass . 
  if i did n't like the food , i just provide feedback on the website , if they have one , and never go back . 
  i take it that putting in linkin park 's late vocalist chester is too early at this point in time ? 
  even if it 's some form of eulogy / dedication for him ? 
  thank you !, 
  i thought since i 'm an unverified user , my posts are not seen . 
  i 'm good when it comes to following instructions and the example of seniors . 
  i just know i 'll be spamming that 3-hit aoe move even though it does nothing for chaining . 
  just using it for the animation is enough for me . 
  well i was always looking forward to orlandeau and so far he 's still meta thankfully . 
  i 'm still looking forward to luneria for my personal preference for archers and sephiroth in the coming future . 
  i imagine michael bay will have random explosions in the background , because reasons . 
  lunera is pretty decent considering she uses a bow and her main stats being mag . 
  though , you need her very own tm bow to really shine . 
  it 's the reason why i tried ( in vain ) to pull for her . 
  +1 for this . 
  still waiting for bow users to get some really strong 5-star meta love in ffbe . 
  i do n't know why , but archers have never been at the fore front of squaresoft and square-enix games . 
  they love sword users and spear users but archers , they never got some decent attention . 
  like , truly , i have n't seen an archer in any content made by the company that stands in the same level as other fantasy material . 
  i mean archers like legolas from tolkien , archer from ufotable and robin hood from english folklore . 
  yeah i noticed that as well . 
  square always loved swords and katanas more . 
  and for some reason they always gave bows to bards . 
  like , what ... 
  tsk !, 
  beat me to it !, 
   mazing stories season 02, 
  oh wow ... i think this is it !, 
  thank you !, 
  heh , so it was a series after all . 
  yep !, 
  just finished the episode . 
  it 's exactly what i had in mind all these years . 
  i dunno , maybe the prospect of getting anyone or anything from a magazine with just a few chemicals is something worth fantasizing about . 
  demon of resentment is a permanent trial , right ? 
  like i can just set this aside for the future ? 
  pay off my 2nd credit card and be rid of it once and for all . 
  staph . 
  just staph !, 
  gave up on the 5-man party mission . 
  that reward is more trouble than it 's worth . 
  only reason i finished the other 3 missions was because of a 900 mag friend rem . 
  party consisted of wol , t.terra , ashe , rikku and tilith . 
  that 5-man mission is tedious and requires to actually pay attention to the turns , buffs and mana pool . 
  which is fine if you 're into that . 
  personally , it 's a little too stressful for me . 
  i play to relax , not to be aggravated . 
  if you go after 3 of the missions only ( sans the 5-man one ) you 'll find that they 're easy enough . 
  who do you have ? 
  coz my mages barely brake the 800 mag ceiling . 
  not even hitting 850 . 
  however , i 'll admit , aside from the friend rem , i was able to make it due to rikku and tilith . 
  i was actually planning to go with solei because everyone seems to be going with her lately , but i found my solei is just 5-star and i do n't even have enough gil to enhance her . 
  so i made do with who i had . 
  that 's going to be real bad if someone where to turn off the lights . 
  aside from computers , let 's not forget to give credit to indoor plumbing and the modern toilet . 
  can you imagine just taking a dump in a hole on the ground and using dry weed / leaves to wipe yourself ? 
  tis the main reason why , as much as i enjoy the general fantasy theme of the medieval era , i would still, 
  * strength in numbers *, 
  * victory of life over death *, 
  shadow . 
  you can all relax now .
