  i mean yeah , it 's also because he 's floating , but if you look closely at his sprite , he is taller , probably the tallest in the game right now . 
  skyrim , mass effect trilogy and dragon age trilogy . 
  closest for me would be drinking sprite that was left on the table the whole day . 
  i thought it was just the fizz of the carbonated water that felt funny . 
  it was n't . 
  tiny black ants got into the bottle and got stuck in the sprite swimming about . 
  yes , i had a swarm of live ants moving in my mouth . 
  my hair still stands to this day just remembering the feeling of those tiny bodies and legs moving about . 
  it 's my main deck and i love it !!, 
  however , a word of caution ; the current modern environment is very bad for us atm . 
  too many sources of hate against us and right now we just do n't have that one card that has the same power and utility level as tarmo and snap . 
  majority of the wins you see online are mainly due to favorable match-ups , which are usually burn and creature heavy but removal light decks . 
  if you 're still keen after reading this ; wr and wb builds seem more resilient and better suited for grinding matches . 
  it 's bad against shadow if you try to race the deck . 
  better to stall so that those shadows stay in manageable health . 
  flood the field with sisters and stay on the defense until you can land and stick an angel . 
  if that works out , alpha swing for 20 once thune and your other creatures get fat enough . 
  you could just drop that one goblin and spectral procession . 
  they do n't synergies with your champion anyways and procession is played best along with honor of the pure which you do n't have . 
  champion can be explosive with norin but take note of those situations wherein he 's the only one you can play . 
  he does n't really do much in long grindy games . 
  but yeah , i 'd definitely drop those processions since they do n't help him anyways . 
  your spirits just end up being chump blockers . 
  pepsi . 
  from what i can tell , coke has more fizz compared to pepsi which hurts when i chug it down in one go . 
  it 's the reason why i let my coke `` air out '' just to lower the carbon content / fizz . 
  pepsi got the fizz ratio just right . 
  considering how much pride both company has about their products , nah , it 's very unlikely to happen . 
  it 's also all about money . 
  look at it this way , if we ca n't even get a valkyrie profile or xenogears banner ; both games being copyrighted property of square-enix -- it 's very unlikely for us to get a blizzard banner . 
  they 'd be very careful about that . 
  copyright and shit , you know . 
  mainly my hobbies ; gaming , mtg and building gunpla ( plastic model kits ) . 
  oh and elizabeth olsen . 
  yeah , she brings me joy too . 
  all soul sisters variants run leyline of sanctities on the side . 
  other than that , adjust to your local meta . 
  word of caution , as you may know yourself , the current modern environment is hostile towards soul sisters . 
  i 'm not saying it 's impossible to win , only it will be a hard climb . 
  ashe looks like a support that can deal damage to the enemy with her skills while buffing / healing the party at the same time . 
  she look 's to have some nice numbers on her skills too . 
  look 's interesting and worth pulling . 
  while , balthier , looks to be your usual 1-on-1 dps but uses guns . 
  not sure how good he is if you already have dps like orly . 
  stuck at 74 / 100 arena wins . 
  got killed by a troll party that had a base 2-star as it 's leader but had 4 noctis in the party . 
  fucking asshole that guy . 
  decided to jump on the rikku-band-wagon . 
  i do n't much have to choose from anyways . 
  i 'd probably save for sephiroth if he was put in the game eventually . 
  playing magic the gathering and building plastic model kits . 
  i do n't mind it on other people . 
  it 's their skin . 
  at times i even enjoy seeing really good ones . 
  but personally , i have no plans of ever getting one . 
  never appealed to me , i guess . 
  leo, 
  ah well then you 'll like and find some use for balthier . 
  he has some nice def ignoring % on his skills . 
  it 'll all depend then if we get a really good gun for him when he is released . 
  you guys are the reason why i 'm timid and so wary of new people . 
  32 and i still am skeptical when meeting someone new , making sure to keep my distance . 
  plenty of other things i want to say to you lot but i need to adhere to this reddit 's rules . 
  the thought crosses my mind on a regular basis . 
  but then i realize i ca n't afford a gun . 
  slitting the wrist takes too long , judging the theory behind it even if i cut myself vertically . 
  jumping off a tall building or bridge seems a bit painful . 
  a gun is quicker but yeah , ca n't afford . 
  this . 
  that 's ... pretty detailed the way you described your cecil . 
  lol, 
  * rank 93, 
  * i like the free equipment , units , moogles and tickets, 
  * if i can , i acquire units first , moogles second , tickets third and equipment last, 
  * i want more moogles and tickets along with the usual ratio of exclusive units and equipment, 
  * more 5-star moogles if possible since i do n't macro-farm . 
  moogles are the only way i can attain tms . 
  * other feedback : more moogles, 
  to be fair ; orlandeu 's sprite always did look a little lack-luster even back in fft . 
  his sprite is just a typical looking hooded old man with a single sword . 
  if you put him side-by-side with any ffbe hero sprite , he get 's left behind considerably in the looks department . 
  heck , i ignored and did n't use him in my first play-through of fft when i had the option . 
  only after i used gamefaqs did i discover that he was a powerhouse . 
  did n't really help against a threesome of orlandos and freyvia , either . 
  well elt wilhelm 's sweep attack does hurt ... a tiny bit if you 're buffed . 
  hurts a whole lot if not . 
  but yeah , other than that , he 's easily downed . 
  it 's actually good that he 's not crazy hard . 
  because , my friend who just recently started , only has lightning for dps and wilhelm as a tank , his golem esper is at level 1 and refia is only at 5 * and is level 54 . 
  yeah , he 's having a hard time with most of the content . 
  just recently maxed the free ffbe story units . 
  focusing on the non-free ones now like mercedes , elle and luka . 
  being a sci-fi / space film fan , overall i think the movie was okay . 
  however , the following things at the start made me realize immediately that this was going to be a movie about ` bad-decisions ' :, 
  * not using robotic arms to interact with the alien, 
  * shocking the alien, 
  * [ ryan reynolds playing hero . 
  it was all under control until he went in and made things worse . 
  ] ( #spoiler ), 
  no we do n't .
