  i want to be a pilot , but i 've found that it 's not a cheap dream . 
  so i 'm opting for my 2nd best which is to become a police officer . 
  struggling with that as well because i ca n't seem to get out of my running ceiling and hit the required times . 
  it 's really disheartening right now at this point in my life . 
  i 'm happy for you that you finally found your ` spot ' . 
  you deserve it . 
  yeah , plan is to stall , remove the tarmo and just stall until i get archangel of thune out . 
  just keep pumping counters until i can hit him straight for 20 damage in one combat phase . 
  haha that would be a very unique way of god showing his contempt for you . 
  in ancient times it was either a plague or a lightning bolt straight in the face . 
  now , it 's a swarm of cats overwhelming you and your life . 
  you think maybe there 's something in your garden that has some sort of catnip effect on the cats ? 
  i 'm supposed to get 10:50 or under for 2.4 km . 
  i 'm stuck at 12:40 . 
  it 's really screwing with my morale . 
  as for the pilot dream ; i 'm more of a b to c average type of student when it comes to math . 
  however , i 've found that i have an affinity to driving vehicles and even when i 'm using those high-end aircraft simulators i manage the aircraft just fine and able to land them successfully . 
  i know the real thing is completely different but yeah , i really think i may have the knack for it . 
  thanks for listening to me dibbler . 
  i appreciate your effort and time . 
  phyrexian metamorph will bounce itself . 
  it 's an artifact creature copy of the leonin . 
  it will bounce itself and exile itself and return because it 's an artifact . 
  the only time the combo will stop is if i choose to exile something else aside from the metamorph . 
  i think you should get that cat-away again and probably have that area go through a spring cleaning of sorts to get rid of all the cat feces and most likely urine that may have accumulated . 
  that could be also what 's attracting them . 
  giving them the sign that it 's their territory . 
  haha your dad sounds like a swell guy . 
  hearing you say that about flying a plane , you 've given me a little hope . 
  i 'm not even looking to fly anything fancy like a fighter plane or a boeing . 
  heck , i 'll be content just flying a courier / cargo plane . 
  or one of those survey planes for science . 
  just let me fly , dammit !, 
  haha !, 
  thank you for the tip about my run . 
  i figured it 's all about my moral i suppose . 
  i imagine i 'm currently in a downward spiral with it . 
  in that , due to the low moral , i 'm unable to run faster and due to the that , my moral falls even lower and vicious cycle repeats itself . 
  right , right . 
  i see your point . 
  i believe i 'll go with your suggestion of 1 or 2 of each . 
  at worst , leonin will simply be another artifact/enchantment remover while metamorph can at least copy swords . 
  your 's also works only it requires more mana and , in a way , complicates things for you with all those triggers to look after . 
  but yeah , you pretty much still hit the idea of the combo , generally . 
  it 's not even viable for my fnm . 
  all of the decks at my lgs , save for myself , are gp level and fully decked out . 
  lol, 
  how about just window shopping ( or browsing ) ? 
  just look at stuff you like . 
  walk around , browse here , browse there . 
  just imagine the cats as enemy mobs or something and your class is an alchemist . 
  make those bombs !, 
  ** du eeeeeeet !!!, 
  cross-class gunner alchemist with drinking mastery . 
  ** i like it !!, 
  ** hahahaha !, 
  i 've seen the rw versions . 
  i like that it has more than one way to win outside of aggro mode . 
  only reason i have n't converted to it is due to some form of loyalty to my mono-w one . 
  now , i do n't know about you , but having near 1-mil life when valakut decks go online and start pinging me in the face for 30 + damage a turn , seems like a good thing to me . 
  hey ... wait a minute ... those cats are evil man . 
  look , our conversation has been derailed by them . 
  we were discussing about how to get rid of them now we 're talking about rpgs and shit . 
  wth ... those cats , man ... watch out . 
  uhh ... prefer to get it on with an elf tbh , but yeah sure , one ring . 
  i got ta admit , i have n't noticed evangeline lilly until she played tauriel . 
  she looks nice as an elf . 
  not bad really . 
  can i get some too ? 
  shit ... should 've checked everyone 's feedback on reddit first . 
  i went and bought it . 
  fml . 
  edit : ** for 17.99 new zealand dollars . 
  fxxx my liiiiiiiiiife !!!!, 
  ** there should be an up-vote all button . 
  overall , i like this event . 
  my only regret is me using all those moogles on kain before this event . 
  now , i have a bunch of gungnir moogles but no 2nd kain to use them on . 
  fml . 
  used up 17 tickets trying to get reberta or zyrus . 
  game gave me trance terra instead . 
  fml . 
  i guess ... . okay . 
  i ca n't even dress her up tbh . 
  coz all of my best magic boosting equipment and materia went to freyvia . 
  i have two questions . 
  trying to pull reberta , i got trance terra . 
  is trance terra future proof ? 
  is freyvia mag build viable ? 
  my main dps is the one who uses most of the good atk items and materias so i 'm wondering if a mag build freyvia is viable . 
  i really want that valkyrie-sprite-clone . 
  haha well at least you have a good mage . 
  i was actually aiming for both of them so if i got either one , i 'd be a happy camper . 
  thanks . 
  that 's what i wanted to know . 
  good to know . 
  i 've already maxed her to 80 . 
  i 'll awaken her next once i 've gotten more materials . 
  running low on one . 
  i regret not pulling ling 's and the valentine 's banner .
