  used up my last 5k with no luck . 
  yeah , i just want to max it eventually to satisfy my ocd side of maxing everything in a unit . 
  heck , if we could get 9999 stats for feeding pots like in most ff games , i would . 
  ofcourse , it 's not a priority atm . 
  still trying to max maxwell 's tm . 
  a true final fantasy fan will max out all of the stats on a character , even if they do n't use all of them ( like mag on phy units ) . 
  lol !, 
  because seeing 99999999 on all stats is just too darn beautiful and ocd-satisfying . 
  so how game changing are dc 's enhancements ? 
  i want to know if it 's worth investing the materials on him since i already have orly and freyv all set-up . 
  the two of them are still missing a bracer and l&a or two but yeah , they 're pretty much bis already . 
  will dc end up being redundant for me ? 
  or a big enough of a boost that it 's worth the mats ? 
  this . 
  thank you very much !, 
  exactly what i was looking for . 
  right !, 
  i meant dkc . 
  haha . 
  but yeah , thanks !, 
  abe 's origin story . 
  interesting . 
  turn 1 : plains , play soul warden or soul 's attendant . 
  i got ta say , as pointless as this list is , i got a warm fuzzy feeling when i saw myself in it . 
  i would even go far to say that it made my eyes water a little . 
  initially , i thought , `` nah , i wo n't be in it . 
  nobody really remembers me or actually notice me . '', 
  you actually surprised me . 
  thank you for this . 
  you and zargargle . 
  my sustenance is ... 
  you 'd think a not so good base 5-star like lunera would be easier to acquire . 
  but nope , game would rather give me my enth snow , chizuru , trance terra , ace , and dkc . 
  game keeps throwing snow at my face . 
  not sure if the universe is trying to tell me something . 
  snow 's rate for me is currently the same as shadow or hope . 
  like really , feels like the game is telling me ** use . 
  snow . 
  damn . 
  you . 
  this is already a pretty good list . 
  i would just add these :, 
  ** ufotable 's approach with * fate * series **, 
  * fate / zero, 
  * fate unlimited blade works, 
  * fate heaven 's feel ( currently in the works ), 
  i think it all boil down to if op is even into reading visual novels . 
  for example , with me , i 'm all for reading mangas but i 'm not even bothering with the visual novel . 
  even though i hear good things about it . 
  that 's what i 've been doing with all the snow i 've been getting ; cannibalizing him . 
  no , not really . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 've seen some really attractive tanned girls . 
  but sophie is just fine the way she is . 
  that 's some inception-shit right there . 
  pay off my current car , pay off 1 credit card , buy a new desktop computer and put the rest into the house mortgage ( it wo n't be much but it 's still something ) . 
  the hawks + martyr is more on the aggro side . 
  i opted for the attrition / going wide build which involves archangel of thune + return to the ranks . 
  the thing is , our deck is highly meta-dependent . 
  depending on the meta at your lgs , the aggro side may fare better . 
  the printing of fatal push also made things even harder for us . 
  since you 're still building your 's , i recommend looking into wr norin sister builds . 
  a quick google search will provide some interesting deck lists . 
  at the moment , wr norin decks are faring better compared to the mono white variants . 
  it 's still a hard uphill climb , generally , but you have better odds with norin sisters . 
  crusader is good for your aggro game . 
  but lightcaster is able to exile liliana and black enchantments that you may want to get rid of . 
  thraben inspector is interesting in that it helps in card drawing in late games . 
  i imagine if you 're going to put that in , that you might as well use champion of the parish as well . 
  make the most out of all that humans you 've got . 
  only reason why i have n't opted for norin sisters is because it would involve me overhauling pretty much half of my deck including my mana base . 
  i do n't have the finances to go through that anymore and i 'll be honest , i love the archangel . 
  you are correct in going with rttr over proclamation . 
  rttr can hit your 2-drops ( pridemate ) as well which is something proc ca n't . 
  i 've since converted all of my proc in rttrs . 
  for me it 's an uphill climb because my lgs is swarming with xb / xxb variants . 
  they all run fatal push alongside whatever removal they have . 
  the few times i win is when i 'm fortunate enough to either a ) go up against mono red or b ) my opponent get 's mana-flooded . 
  my side-board is your typical hate pieces like leyline , auriok champion , stony silence etc. 
  but lately i 've added more anti-black hate like mirran crusader and devout lightcaster . 
  off the top of my head , pretty sure i run 23 lands, 
  * 4 flooded strands, 
  * 4 windbrisk heights ( archangel on heights just makes me giggity lol ), 
  * 1 ghost quarter, 
  * the rest plains, 
  you 're right that we 're , on paper , good against black decks , but the problem with the removal arises when they use snapcaster or other graveyard recurring shenanigans . 
  the deck just ca n't keep up . 
  looking forward to cate blanchett . 
  got ta say though , it 's sad that they 're trying to ride on the `` hip style '' that guardians of the galaxy is going with . 
  with all the colors , comedy and type of music . 
  i prefer the `` epic style '' thor 1 and 2 went with . 
  with the first two films , you knew full well it was about valhalla and gods . 
  i do n't get that same feeling anymore from this poster and the recent trailers . 
  i was n't really dreaming in that i was seeing anything . 
  however , more than once , i 've had this sensation where in i ca n't wake up or move . 
  it feels like someone is holding my mouth and body down . 
  i really have to struggle myself to wake up and talk and open my eyes . 
  the whole time i 'm struggling my mind is wide awake and i 'm thinking `` wtf is this ?!, 
  or something . 
  when i finally do , it really feels like some form of release and relief that i was able to wake up . 
  really annoying when that happens .
