  i just delay the inevitable . 
  * too many times i 've had life-gain cards on hand but no pridemate on the field to pump . 
  again , i gain life , and ? 
  what then ? 
  sadly , akh did n't bring anything new and worthwhile for my soul sisters to play with . 
  here 's to hoping the next set will be better for this deck . 
  i see your point since the pridemate ( in an ideal match for me ) would also get pumped when my opponent plays creatures . 
  i guess it depends on the meta of my lgs . 
  sadly , the meta there is packed full of removals . 
  like really , i 'm lucky to get my pridemate to 3/3 before it get 's path , pushed or bolted . 
  i just realized now ... your cecil can switch his fabulous aura on and off , eh ? 
  he was shining like a diamond along with rain in one of the past eps , right ? 
  which rank is the most efficient in farming for ariana 's materials ? 
  cheers !, 
  thanks !, 
  that would be a nice start and then , eventually , add in the feature to be usable even in the middle of combat . 
  naturally , like in ff games , changing one equipment will make you sacrifice that unit 's turn . 
  do n't give up . 
  eventually , you 'll have your own 5-star base soon enough . 
  i 'm 99 % ftp ( purchased that recent $ 1 ) since the gl servers launched last year and i 'm still here . 
  granted , there were months / intervals where i just logged-in to collect the dailies and then closed the app immediately after . 
  that was what i would like to call my ` semi-quit ' phase . 
  still , i kept logging-in once a day just to get the free stuff and daily pull . 
  lo and behold , i got orlandeau , and interestingly enough , he 's the only 5-star base i was saving up my tickets for in the first place . 
  tldr ; try not really focus on getting the 5-stars . 
  just play the game normally , heck you can just log-in , get your freebies , do a daily pull then log-out immediately . 
  next thing you know , you suddenly pull a 5-star base . 
  much appreciated !, 
  5nrg it is then . 
  since your friend added green , might as well take advantage of collected company . 
  i 've seen it in other wg human decks and if not countered , it can really get out of hand . 
  i used to run squadron hawk before but i get slagstormed / anger of the gods a lot so i opted for something bigger and more synergy with the lifegain ( archangel of thune ) . 
  also , i do n't sowp so i ca n't take advantage of the hawks much . 
  white blue on soul sisters ? 
  first time i 've seen that suggestion . 
  do n't think blue has anything that can help our decks outside of counters or creature bounce . 
  but then , if we 're bouncing creatures , might as well just go red for norin . 
  if we 're holding up mana for counters or cantrips , then our aggro game suffers . 
  most of the time , it 's g , r or b that get 's mixed with soul sisters from what i 've seen . 
  those 3 colors either add something to the lifegain , aggro or in black 's case , more removal and lingering souls . 
  and how exactly would you know that ? 
  just curious ... 
  pretty sure that 's a priest judging by her clothes . 
  nice archer nonetheless . 
  as tempting as it is to get ramza , i do n't macro farm , so if given the choice of picking a unit with max tm on the get go ; i 'd probably opt for gilgamesh . 
  that 's it !, 
  shrine maiden . 
  totally mental blocked on the right title , but that 's it . 
  interesting pasta . 
  i like it !, 
  man please do n't give gumi ideas lol . 
  i have n't even beaten gilgamesh trial and you 're already suggesting all that crazy stuff . 
  kain has a good tm spear though . 
  if anything that 's worth getting . 
  all hope is lost . 
  i 'm at 91 % lol we 'll get there !, 
  right , cool thanks . 
  i 'll go ahead and download it then . 
  wish me luck . 
  okay thanks . 
  worth a shot downloading then . 
  yeah , just found out for myself . 
  had a feeling that was the case . 
  yeah , just found out . 
  so if the moderator could add it to the faq about the game for future reference , that would be great . 
  the mobile version works beautifully with memu . 
  i 'm able to use the app 's customized controls so it 's pretty much like playing dota 2 on the pc with wsad movement controls . 
  very helpful indeed . 
  did they ninja nerf orlandeau 's chaining capabilities ? 
  back during the fft2 event it was pretty easy to do his 27 chain . 
  now , i 'm having difficulty doing it even when i 'm pretty sure i 'm clicking both orlandeau 's in near god-speed at the same time . 
  i 'm experiencing the problem while doing the dark espers trial . 
  every single time , the chain breaks on the 11th hit and then restarts again . 
  i 'm playing on memu . 
  alright . 
  thanks !, 
  all this time i thought you were talking about bear `` patches '' . 
  still annoyed that they banned bloodbraid elf . 
  had to dismantle and sell off my naya lightsaber because of that . 
  a little too late . 
  the only pieces left from my lightsaber are the birds and wallet-slayers . 
  everything else , gone . 
  haha i never did get why the deck was named that . 
  it was the deck of 2009 's world champion andre coimbra . 
  when i went 0-4 in my last modern league with my ub mill deck that does n't have ensnaring bridge and glimpse the unthinkable i knew then and there , that the deck just ca n't hack it in a meta filled with tarmos and shadows without those two key cards . 
  there was just no way the deck will put up decent numbers unless i invested over 200nzd + more for those cards . 
  there are two new auras of interest in ahk . 
  the white one and the blue one . 
  might want to check them out . 
  where is this thread going ? 
  lol, 
  wow ... when you have extra time on your hands , ** you have extra time on your hands ** . 
  well done sir . 
  good thing you do n't go crazy then in not knowing what 's inside a black-hole . 
  crypt incursion is another card i do n't have . 
  well , a little too late now since someone else bought the deck off of me . 
  it 's good in a way . 
  i 've been meaning to cut down on the decks i have . 
  too costly to update more than 1 in the first place . 
  focusing instead on my soul sisters and edh deck .
