  aw , tsk !, 
  * snaps fingers *, 
  oh well , thanks !, 
  man , it does n't even stack with embolden ? 
  zzzzzzz what a let down . 
  thank you for the tip , though . 
  too late . 
  it 's crafting lol, 
  meh , collection purposes now i suppose . 
  get thee hence !, 
  oblivion awaits thee !, 
  it 's not really that they 're expensive ; what 's in them are just not worth their price . 
  it 's not even a guarantee that you 'll get the 5-star that you 're aiming for . 
  after seeing his skills in the wiki , i might actually have changed my mind about pulling for him at all . 
  i already have firion ready for his 6-star in the future and bartz . 
  if anything , the only reason i find the prince attractive to pull is his limit break animation . 
  i dunno ; what do you vets here think ? 
  is noctis worth his weight in lapis ? 
  my main party consists of :, 
  * wol - tank and full breaker, 
  * cod - support and extra dps, 
  * exdeath - mage, 
  currently only have 5,000 + lapis and 20 tickets . 
  should i wait for orlandu , or is the prince worth trying to aim for ? 
  oh god , now you made me doubt myself . 
  lol, 
  yeah i saw that crazy chorizo chain . 
  i 'm mulling over it now , thanks to you and ogthunderbreak . 
  lol, 
  thank you for the in-depth tips . 
  i needed to hear everything you just mentioned and it helps . 
  yes , as you have guessed , i only recently acquired dual wield . 
  i do n't have the other high-tier tms . 
  and yes , i do n't have cecil yet . 
  i 'll try my luck with noctis then . 
  hopefully , rng gods are kind enough to grace me with him . 
  yeah , planning to do daily first , tickets , then 5k lapis for last . 
  i like eating chorizo with rice . 
  mmmmm !, 
  i 'm glad it was just a troll / unforeseen bug . 
  for a moment i regretted not completing the trial prior the recent maintenance . 
   charlotte 's story episode is not limited time . 
  it will be there permanently ... at least until veritas of the ice turns the world of lapis into a frozen wasteland . 
  dafuq man ... spoiler alert for us not playing jp . 
  lol, 
  lol i never played vi which explains why i did n't get the reference . 
  is it still possible to craft shining splendor ? 
  about a week ago , i think , i saw some redditors discussing about how they are with their wood farming . 
  so it made me think , `` why would they talk about it , let alone farm wood for it , if it 's no longer available ? '', 
  are shining splendor materials still available in-game ? 
  tsk ... damn it . 
  okay , thank you for the clarification . 
  hi steam , here 's a link to my 10 +1 pull in case i made a mistake in the order , tho , i 'm pretty sure i was very careful . 
  i know , but meh , i enjoy having variety in my party . 
  i have seen the chizuru chaining videos , and they are crazy , still , not my cup of tea . 
  good on you . 
  i 'm alright . 
  of-course i 'm disappointed , but i * did * kind of expected my results . 
  i mean come on , base 5-star on a single and first time 10 +1 pull ? 
  nah , i 'm never that lucky ... ever ... in anything . 
  lol, 
  my collector side * is * a bit happy that i finally acquired rosa , though . 
  been hunting her for some time . 
  thanks , i 'm alright . 
  if this happened to me now with noctis , i 'm sure as heck it was going to be the same thing with orlandu should i have waited for him . 
  congratulations on getting zidane !, 
  for a 3-star base he has the pull rate of 5-stars . 
  have fun getting his tm . 
  ouch ... those pulls . 
  i 'm sorry you did n't catch a break at least with chizuru . 
  take note , i do n't farm tm ** at all ** . 
  manual or with macros . 
  so the only way for me to acquire chiz 's blade mastery ( which she needs bad ) is via moogles or extra chizurus . 
  other than my reason , naturally i do n't recommend what i did . 
  i 've * never seen * a rainbow ever . 
  though , i do feel your pain ; hope being raised like that just to grind it into dust . 
  25k lapis ... i salute your patience and self control . 
  i assume you also skip certain daily pulls otherwise there 's just no way to amass that much without even being a dolphin at the very least . 
  my charlotte is at 50 % + tm as well . 
  lol !, 
  now if only she gave us a really worthwhile tm reward . 
  ... and ? 
  was that rainbow noctis ?!, 
  tell me . . tell meeee !!!, 
  ah , i forgot about the trophies . 
  i never really paid any attention to the gold ones since their required targets are just too insane to really focus on . 
  i do the quests though . 
  pretty sure i have a number of them to do still . 
  i 'm glad . 
  hopefully i 'll be able to amass another batch of lapis for orlandu , though i as i mentioned , if this happened with noctis , pretty sure it 's going to repeat itself in future banners . 
  but i will not give in to spending , just yet . 
  i 'm just waiting for more worthwhile bundles to appear . 
  as of this moment , their prices are just too much for what they give . 
  damn ... well played and congrats on him . 
  that face palm of his is just perfect . 
  lol, 
  it 's still ramza !, 
  well done !, 
  your friend and i need to hang out . 
  she needs to do my pulls .
