  those group of dead bodies reminds me of those really hard bosses in mmorpgs like rf online and wow . 
  so nostalgic . 
  thank you very much for this . 
  while i was 100 % ftp , i was lucky enough to pull 2 orlandeau , 1 freyvia , 1 rikku , 1 t.terra , 1 fohlen , 1 setzer , 1 dkc and 2 rikku . 
  now that i converted into a dolphin and started putting money into the game , all i 've been getting are trash golds . 
  i ca n't even pull lunera and i 'm all broke now . 
  starting to think there really is some sort of gatcha bar that drains the more i pull . 
  the sudden change in the quality of units i pull are too drastic and obvious . 
  i have found that the lower the level , the more bonus you get in sta and str . 
  so while you 're still level 18 , take advantage of that and grind more !, 
  when you hit level 30 + , and unless you 've been grinding diligently your whole life , you 'll find that wis and int get 's a boost , but str and sta drastically drop or makes it harder to grind them . 
  i do n't mind this so long as it 's on an ` on/off ' feature like an accessory . 
  i do n't want it permanently on . 
  i 'll take whatever they give us so long it 's optional . 
  to be honest , most of the time i just want to rush through explorations . 
  only reason why i would like to raise the encounter rate would be for hunting quests . 
  shut up . 
  i 'm at work , hungry as hell and it 'll be 3 hours before i 'm able to go home and salary has n't arrived yet . 
  staph . 
  can you provide the stats for 9s ' tm please ? 
  what exactly does it do to make it worth spending resources on trying to get him ? 
  might as well try going through the limited time event story . 
  get whatever you can with your units and a strong friend to carry you . 
  but , since you 've only been gone a few months , i think you should have some maxed out units at this point , right ? 
  thanks !, 
  * haste - extra turns would be nice . 
  the bosses in the game pretty much have it already with their multi-attacks per turn . 
  * blue magic - would add an additional depth for the game if we can use some enemy skills . 
  not a big one but still something . 
  * combat-swap-system - similar to what ffx had . 
  the ability to swap out a unit for a back-up one . 
  also , if all units die , the back-up team will come out and replace them . 
  yeah i 'm a coward with perma trials . 
  it 's mostly the time limited ones that i really bother with . 
  i 'm not going to stress myself out with the perma trials . 
  life is already giving me a fair load of stress . 
  i just want to chill whenever i play ffbe . 
  i usually go for perma trials once it 's gotten a little easier to survive . 
  for example , with aigaion , i wo n't bother with him until wol can tank him comfortably without dying in a single hit . 
  it 's been pretty much like that since gilgamesh . 
  obviously , all of the weapons . 
  i mean come on , it 's a no brainer to have those as trials . 
  outside of ff , i would like to see lingering will as a trial . 
  i want to see him wipe the floor with my face all over again lol . 
  you mean gil 's missions ? 
  personally i had difficulty with the limit break mission . 
  i had to bring in a bis noctis friend just to be sure he dies to a limit . 
  and yeah op , if this is what you meant , the latest trials are always the most difficult one . 
  i 'd keep two just because it 's shit hard to get her in the first place . 
  zilt . 
  nothing . 
  zero . 
  null . 
  saved up my tickets and lapis before all for him and him alone . 
  now , if only i 'm lucky enough to pull lunera , i 'd make her the main mag unit staple . 
  i like her sprite and i like archers . 
  holy trinity ( wol , rikku , tillith ) , freyvia and orlandeau . 
  that 's for the main campaign or any events that do n't require specific units ( bonus units or trials ) . 
  pretty underwhelming one too which is why i forgot who it was . 
  so ... i 'm concerned about the whole `` no tongue on the first date . '', 
  rule and this ... 
  how exactly does copyright work ? 
  i ask because is n't there a sci-fi film titled ` serenity ' already ? 
  only if it 's a moogle . 
  i love arms like that . 
  rawr o , ... , o, 
  what the hell is wrong with my amelia ? 
  it shows she has dual wield guns unlocked but she can only equip one gun at a time . 
  edit : thanks for the answers . 
  yeah , there are only a few guns she can dual wield . 
  the high power ones are all 2-handed . 
  what a waste of awakening mats . 
  useless !, 
  that 's usually the catch with really pretty ones like this . 
  another good example is jennifer lawrence ; in one of her leaked photo-sets , you 'll see she 's disorganized when it comes to her bedroom . 
  it 's not so bad , though , i mean hey , at least they 're pretty . 
  lol !, 
  natural food coloring that also lengthens the shelf life . 
  not so much like that of dried food but definitely more than if it were n't coated with it . 
  just finished got s7 : e3 . 
  got ta says , danny needs to recruit an experienced military tactician . 
  tirion is good when it comes to diplomacy but so far , he 's not doing do well in making war campaign calls . 
  legit jobs all have 3 things in common . 
  namely they are :, 
  * they 'll invite you for a face-to-face interview or over skype ( which is specific to certain jobs but the important thing with this is that you still get to see your interviewer 's face ) . 
  * they 'll never make you pay any kind of fee just to get the job . 
  period . 
  even legit salesman jobs do n't make you pay anything except for the gas or travel money you 'll use to get to their physical office . 
  * when you pass the interview , aside from your usual contracts to fill out , a legit company / job will always make you fill out some form of inland revenue forms for your taxes and benefits . 
  because i like archers and elves . 
  i knew full well how much the community mentioned she is n't worth the resources , but nope , like the dumbass i am i still let my shallow side as a gamer go for the unit that looks nice but is overall not high tier . 
  blew all my tickets and what little lapis i have , and i still have n't gotten her . 
  thank you for this , op . 
  returning player here . 
  last patch i played in was the masters so yeah , i 've missed a lot since then . 
  currently raising a level 30 + ranger so i 'm curious , any new bow builds i should look into ? 
  in the past , i used a split arrow + ice build . 
  is ice still viable ? 
  uhhh . . not sure why the down-vote , but good on you for pitching in for the community . 
  this game will always be here , yes you 'll undoubtedly miss some content , but hey , at the end of the day ** it 's just a game ** .
