  i never noticed the gil pass by . 
  i need help ... please ... 
  that 's ... going to be a bit difficult . 
  i do n't farm tm outside of moogles and clone units . 
  period . 
  i do n't do it , either manual or the macro way . 
  that 's what i was telling myself ; `` enhancements are pricey but they 're still a long ways off . 
  guess i 'll just max units that can be maxed to pass the time . 
  i 've got plenty of spare gil . '', 
  big mistake ... . :'(, 
  i feel shitty after spending all of it without noticing , that 's for sure . 
  i 've always been this way as a gamer . 
  max anything that i could . 
  doing characters first then skills and items later on . 
  does n't matter if i 'm using them or not . 
  clearly i have to be a bit careful and take it down a notch . 
  was seeing all the posts of her upcoming 6-star . 
  figured now 's the best time to do it . 
  6 million ... damn , well played . 
  i 've never bothered maxing then selling fp units until now since i never had a problem with gil before this . 
  thanks for reminding me of that method . 
  when she get 's another michelin star ** then ** she 'll be worth eating then . 
  lol, 
  for now all we can do is * imagine * the delicacy that will be 6-star chorizo . 
  the flavor , the oozing dps boost , the hype . 
  just got my second mediuses . 
  however , i 'm not into the whole tm farming ( manual or macro ) . 
  i just do it with moogles and extra units . 
  it 's going to be a while before i really get those eggs . 
  yeah , i need to get my gil up first before i satisfy that maxing craving of mine . 
  my main party has been set-up and maxed already a long time ago , which is also another reason why i 'm doing what i 'm doing . 
  still , need to slow down . 
  yeah , i was reminded of the fp units and i just sold the few maxed ones i had lying around . 
  immediately got 100k . 
  should have done this sooner . 
  thanks for the recommendations . 
  i was not aware that gumi actually supports macros . 
  just wanted to play it safe . 
  i 'll think about it thoroughly because if you see what i 've acquired since global launched , it would be a real shame if my account is eventually banned in the future should gumi re-think about their stance with macros . 
  i do n't have base 5-stars but the units i have still make this account of mine and the time i put in it very , very valuable . 
  i just tried what the others have been suggesting here ; sold my maxed fp units . 
  i sold 7 and my gil jumped way up from what you see in the screenshot to 100k . 
  so i guess , that 's the way for you and me ; max fp units , sell , rince and repeat . 
  the gil went through my fingers like water . 
  i do n't do tm farming and until i posted this thread and everyone started helping , i never sold fp units before . 
  sell maxed out fp units like what everyone suggested here , it really works . 
  the amount of gil you get out of that is real . 
  maxed or was trying to max rank and level every . 
  single . 
  unit . 
  that i can . 
  that and i do n't really tm farm or exploration grind too much . 
  eventually , it was bound to run out at the rate i used gigantuars . 
  was maxing units that i could max just for the sake of it , even if i 'm not using them . 
  lol, 
  focusing on ones that have or will have 6-star rank in the future . 
  hahahaha urrr no , would be nice if there was one but , yeah , no . 
  i can imagine it , majin fina coming out when fina get 's too much to drink . 
  hahahaha !, 
  haha and that 's why i 'm very reluctant to try it . 
  it 's okay , i 'm still enjoying the game somewhat . 
  i just got my first dw with all of the event moogles i 've acquired to date so it 's all good . 
  i do n't have cecil yet so at least , i have time to amass more moogles for excalibur . 
  from what i could recall , the highest my gil ever got ever since global launched is 150k + . 
  ever since , i 've been maxing units that i need and now , just recently , started maxing everything else . 
  it 's a gaming itch that i 've been scratching for as long as i can remember ; max anything and everything , including the amount of potions i can hold in my inventory . 
  sell maxed out 1 ~ 2 star fp units , bro , it 's what everyone suggested here . 
  it really works . 
  just last night i sold 7 units and i got 100k + . 
  keep maxing exdeath , he is so well worth it . 
  oh wow ... congrats on her . 
  been doing daily pulls and tickets for her ever since she came back . 
  i 've been rewarded ( pfft . . ) with fang for my efforts . 
  good job on pulling her . 
  there 's a `` caught between a rock and a hard place . '', 
  joke somewhere in there . 
  have my upvote for that perfect match and for having the charm to make your enemies * have a hard on * for you . 
  you and me both . 
  after this incident , my gil management will be changed considerably . 
  i 'll also start maxing and selling fp units . 
  my thoughts exactly , still , should be a little smart about spending gil from now on . 
  ca n't have this happen a second time . 
  i will fully convert from a ftp into a whale for sephiroth alone . 
  the others are just bonus . 
  i 'm going to actually skip dolphin phase and just straight evolve into a 6-star whale . 
  lol, 
  i have a feeling that 100 lapis gil bundle is a typical `` noob trap '' . 
  try doing what majority of players here suggested ; max fp units in a single run of adv vortex of experience then sell them . 
  sold in batches , fp units give a nice chunk of gil . 
  i 'd run both , regardless of the tms you have . 
  cod 's support and survivability is just too good to pass on . 
  having chizuru around means i can focus on supporting my team with cod while chizuru and exdeath dishes out the damage . 
  once cod is done buffing the team and debuffing the enemy , she can pitch in with her own damage skills . 
  inspite of luneth , gilgamesh and lightning being in the summon pool , you still ca n't go wrong with chizuru . 
  she hits that hard , well enough . 
  will two morale talismans stack ? 
  to be more specific , will two auto-bravery ( atk + 20 % ) stack ? 
  you 're only about 7k away from getting that moogle . 
  might as well go for it . 
  after that , you should have time to buy anything else .
