  i only had 20 tickets and a mere 5,700 + lapis . 
  i figured , if i could n't pull noctis now , i know there was no way i 'd pull orlandu in the future being a pure ftp player . 
  here are the results of the single 10 +1 pull of mine . 
  i did n't bother recording the tickets since for all 20 , i had to occasionally stop and fuse some to make room and like with the 10 +1 pull ; did n't get anything worthwhile . 
  for all 20 tickets i did get 4 chizurus . 
  i know , i could have kept them and raised them but i figured since i do n't farm or macro tms then i should just feed them to my max rank chizuru for some tm % . 
  so i did that . 
  anways , i wish best of luck to everyone else trying to get the young prince . 
  may the odds be ever in your favor . 
  [ removed ], 
  i 've played 7k and had it linked with my gmail and fb ever since global launched . 
  this also is n't the first time i 've switched devices . 
  i 've never had this happen before but it seems for the first time i 'm unable to retrieve my account . 
  however , all of my achievements and purchases for 7k are still recorded in google play , so clearly , my account exists , or existed . 
  can someone please help ? 
  the game is still updating now as i type this . 
  update : okay , i 've re-installed the game and this time tried connecting in-game the fb and google play . 
  still nothing , however , the data clearly still exists because when i tried creating a new one with the same name , it says that the name is already taken . 
  basically , it seems my game data has been disconnected from both my facebook and google play account which are both under the same e-mail . 
  can anyone help me with this , please ? 
  how do i tag cm_rin ? 
  i already submitted a ticket to support but so far , i 'm still waiting for their reply . 
  first time posting in this sub . 
  i was wondering if the community would provide some feedback with regards to my gw boggle auras inspired deck , modified into bant colors . 
  i 'm currently overseas so i do n't have my full decklist but i will list down the staple cards that i have . 
  creatures :, 
  * x4 silhana ledgewalker - or - invisible stalker ( forgot which one i sold and which one i kept lol ), 
  * x4 geist of saint traft, 
  enchantments :, 
  * x4 rancor, 
  * x4 hyena umbra, 
  * x4 keen sense, 
  lands :, 
  * pretty much the same as what 's usually run in the boggles decks . 
  probably will add / remove / replace a color to accommodate all 3 bant colors . 
  geist of saint traft is my favorite card so i would really like to work with it . 
  i think my aggro is a turn slower compared to boggles because of that . 
  if i were to add in noble hierarch / birds of paradise for an explosive turn-2 traft , is it viable ? 
  i appreciate any input the community can provide . 
  edit : added content . 
  talking about venser , the sojourner , just curious as to why he has n't been seeing play lately ? 
  sure , his casting cost is steep but all of his abilities matter . 
  if anything , only the - ability may not be so useful if you 're not creature heavy . 
  that ultimate can definitely wreck your opponents . 
  so , how come he never sees play ? 
  hi all . 
  i was curious with everyone 's opinion about this deck . 
  it seem 's good enough to get a 5-0 according to the link but like every other deck i 'm sure it has it 's bad match-ups ; which are they ? 
  also , can someone try to explain on how to properly side-board it since i have no idea on which pieces to replace with a side-board if i need to . 
  i ask because it seems it 's a very expensive deck so naturally i do n't want to buy it and then lose easily and miserably to other top decks . 
  at the very least , if i can win a few matches consistently or at least draw , that 's better than going 0-5 . 
  tldr ; is knightfall deck really a good deck and worth it 's weight in gold ? 
  edit : thank you all who responded . 
  you all pretty much told me what i needed to hear . 
  i 'm glad i did n't give in to my buyer impulse . 
  the thing is , i 'm actually looking for that one modern deck that i 'll just keep and continue modifying in the future . 
  i 'm actually trying to get rid of the fun decks i have at the moment because they 're just becoming clutter in the house . 
  i 'm not trying to quit per say but eventually i want to only have one modern deck in my home and one edh which i already have . 
  i guess i 'll just have to keep looking . 
  but thanks again , everyone !, 
  i thought soul sisters was no longer competitive in high level play . 
  i am so relieved to see a lone soul sisters deck making it among the top decks in the latest scg results . 
  so , my question is , does this mean soul sisters really still has a fighting chance ? 
  or was this a simple case of the soul sisters player being lucky with their match-ups ? 
  i live in new zealand and i 'm having a bit of difficulty getting my hands on a set of archangel of thune for my mono-w soul sisters deck . 
  my question from the community is ; which is a good temporary replacement -- restoration angel or baneslayer angel ? 
  i have a set of each one . 
  thank you for any assistance you all can give me . 
  edit : added decklist as it seems it helps to answer questions like mine more easily . 
  apologies for not including it the first time around . 
  * 4 soul warden, 
  * 4 soul 's attendant, 
  * 4 serra ascendant, 
  * 4 ranger of eos, 
  * 4 archangel of thune ( if i ever get my hands on them ), 
  * 4 path to exile, 
  * 4 spectral procession, 
  * 4 brave the elements, 
  * 10 plains, 
  * 4 ghost quarter, 
  * 4 windbrisk heights, 
  * 4 flagstones of trokair, 
  * 1 emeria , the sky ruin, 
  hi all . 
  just yesterday ( tuesday ) i played at my lgs . 
  i got massacred to be honest . 
  i 'm wondering if it 's just a case of bad and unlucky match-ups or if infect is really no longer that competitive ( at least ug . 
  not sure if mono black fares better ) . 
  first off , here 's my deck-list . 
  a few things to take note of :, 
  * i do n't have a side-board, 
  * i ca n't afford fetches, 
  * i ca n't afford spellskite and noble hierarch, 
  * 4 glistener elf, 
  * 4 necropede, 
  * 4 blighted agent, 
  * 4 groundswell, 
  * 4 vines of vastwood, 
  * 4 distortion strike, 
  * 4 mutagenic growth,
