  ` coz i 'm still a long ways from getting dual wield or the other high-tier tms . 
  thanks , p-note !, 
  added you !, 
  id is falken and the companion i have up is kefa . 
  by that , do you mean he got nerfed compared to his jp version , or he really was nerfed after yesterday 's patch ? 
  two weeks is just not enough for us ftp players who conserve their lapis . 
  if i blew them all on energy , it would n't be a problem to just stick with maranda coast or coe . 
  alas , that 's not the case , so whenever those cactuars come around , my god i start drooling . 
  lol, 
   find a strong cod and go for it , she is n't much different at level 100 , stack up on smoke bombs , get a tank and a breaker and go for it . 
  right now , the strongest companion i have is a whale luneth with 700 + atk . 
  i have a some 6 \u2605 cod companions but so far the one with the highest atk barely scratches 380 + . 
  did n't know that since it was n't mentioned in the patch . 
  i 'll try another run then . 
   luneth will be more than enough . 
  you got it . 
   go with luneth then , do you have any lightning/luneth equiped with diablo in your friendlist ? 
  those might work too . 
  alright !!!, 
  let 's do this thing !!!!!!, 
  brb ... lol, 
  my friend luneth ended him in two turns . 
  lol !, 
  add me up still !, 
  the more the merrier . 
  wtf ... my 700 atk luneth friend ended him in two turns . 
  hahahahahaha !!!!, 
  thanks for all the help , p0k3r !, 
  add me if you can spare some room . 
  just killed him now . 
  friend 's luneth ended him in two turns . 
  this is awesome !, 
  woops , sorry about that . 
  here it is ; 255205893 . 
  yep , that 's me . 
  hang-on , i 'll make some room and i 'll be the one to add you . 
  lani and sabin . 
  more on lani , because even her tm sucks balls . 
  i see no worthwhile , long-term purpose why she is even in the game other than to screw with our pulls . 
  really hate that ***** . 
  nice , i 'm glad . 
  yeah i also received a confirmation from customer support about this method being one of the temporary fixes . 
  i also kept a close eye on my rubies the moment i clicked ` offensive ' and they were n't touched . 
  archer emiya . 
  would finally break out the cc and spend on those $ 50 + packages . 
  looks awesome . 
  except for the face , tho . 
  does n't it seem a little too cute ? 
  shane has more of a serious pretty face . 
  off the top of my head , she has a face type similar to major kusanagi from ghost in the shell . 
  edit : grammar checks . 
  now see , if they can give that guy a giant bird to fly on . 
  i 'm damn sure they can make jave 's dragon finally grow up for him to ride it . 
  that would be one major spoiler . 
  if they were to include both , they would be separate heroes in their own right . 
  oh yeah , i 'm not expecting this kind of scale , but come on , they gave rin a dragon to ride on , right ? 
  i think when they awaken jave , it 's about time the tiny dragon awakenedand grew enough to ride on as well . 
  it would be so perfect , flavor-wise . 
  ... ... you got a point . 
  i still play it but only if a ) 7k and brave exvius are on maintenance or b ) i 've finished all of my dailies for those two . 
  as expected of se , the game look 's beautiful enough . 
  my main problems with the game are :, 
  * you ca n't customize your hero 's face and gender . 
  * the attack animations are the same all across 3 base classes . 
  ( e.g. 
  the dragoon 's basic attack animations with it 's spear is the exact same as the warrior 's basic attacks with it 's sword ) . 
  * it roughly takes a whole month as a pure ftp player to acquire new jobs . 
  edit : grammar nazi lol, 
  pleasure !, 
  forgot to change into main party . 
  fail and die miserably . 
  one knows . 
  but one is impatient sometimes . 
  thus , one fails . 
  sad . 
  32-yrs old . 
  viii , tactics , vii , ix then x. 
  ^ yeah . 
  was thinking about that as well . 
  his first skill would be him re-enforcing a random pipe . 
  his second skill would be actually tracing and creating a sword . 
  then his awakening would be that nine lives of his . 
  his awakened form would be him at the end of the latest ubw series . 
  find another slightly cheaper game to spend on . 
  for me that 's seven knights . 
  they offer slightly cheaper packages . 
  that , or it 's better that you just quit . 
  not really , no . 
  i mean , i do n't want to 1-hit the girl but , yeah , she 's a little too much for me if even my whale friends are having trouble with her . 
  it 's pretty much the same reason why i never got into dark souls . 
  however , interestingly enough , i 'm very much into monster hunter and the perma-death-punish system of fire emblem . 
  i like a challenge , but only to an extent . 
  lastly , real life is already challenging enough as it is for me what with a job , paying bills , maintaining a marriage and raising a child . 
  so yeah , when i play games , i 'm not looking for that much of a challenge . 
  edit : added additional line of sentences . 
  as someone who 's played devil may cry ever since it debuted on the playstation 2 in 2001 ; this is a really appreciated colab . 
  been a while since nostalgia hit me so hard while playing a game . 
  i look forward to getting vergil in global . 
  edit : grammar checks . 
  i 'll still play the game .
