  do dailies and whatnot but , i think i 'll hold off on spending a cent for now . 
  the only reason i was spending was for awakening anyways . 
  it 's settled ... dante , vergil , nero , shane and espada party . 
  this party is about to get crazy !!!!!, 
  i saw that post of your 's . 
  thank you for giving me the idea of using rydia or garnet . 
  my rydia is a meager 3 \u2605 and i just remembered that i 've already raised garnet to a decent rank and level so i opted for her instead . 
  i am so annoyed with maxwell that if i could draw , i 'd draw myself slapping her silly right after acquiring her . 
  does n't seem like it 's that way since i still see multiple maxwell completion threads on the first page of the reddit . 
  but yeah , okay , noted for future threads . 
  i 'm a ftp player as well . 
  it was only because of a whale friend elza and getting lucky in having garnet and rydia that i was able to complete it . 
  if you have either garnet or rydia , the diablos quest is as good as done . 
  here 's the run down of what i experienced :, 
  upvoted . 
  only reason i got it was with a whale friend and garnet . 
  this trial was not fun at all . 
  * `` 10 % trust moogle - increase tm % when fused with any unit . 
  limit : 1 cost : 300 star quar ... '' * ** what ?!!!!, 
  can i skip this banner ? 
  planning to save my tickets and lapis for orlandu instead . 
  i already have ex-death , bartz , wol and zidane for dw . 
  is gilgamesh that much of a game changer to warrant pulling for him ? 
  same thing with archers . 
  for as long as i remember , archers in ff games were 99 % of the time healers / support females . 
  i do n't know if it 's a custom that square is sticking with but it 's always been like that with them . 
  unlike in other games we see archers that are ` legolas ' - types or ` archer emiya from fate series ' - types . 
  only in tactics , tactics advance , ffbe , ffxi and ffarr do i remember seeing male dps archers . 
  i 'm kind of hoping they either they make a colab with type-moon for the fate series or they design another cool male archer like artemios . 
  edit : sentence structuring . 
  more like my waifu pulled me . 
  i was hoping as much . 
  hehe , i felt the shaking part when my garnet 's limit was full and my friend 's elza limit was about 90 % or something . 
  right after winning , though , the same feeling of annoyance towards the overall difficulty of the trial came rushing right back in . 
  as i was looking at my lvl 1 . 
  maxwell in my unit window , i had this urge to really want to slap her silly for giving me such a hard time . 
  i can at least respect enough that you 're that type of gamer and that that is what makes you happy when playing games . 
  personally , i would only tackle the ` insane ' difficulty in a game if it was going to reward me with infinite ammo or some other game breaking reward . 
  if the reward does n't come close to that level , or worse , all you get is a measly achievement certificate , then i do n't bother . 
  thing is , i 'm just a casual-selective-hardcore-gamer . 
  like , i enjoyed preparing and defeating the weapons in ffvii , but you wo n't see me enjoy fighting ozma from ffix . 
  congratulations again and well played !, 
  still surprised they have n't done a valkyrie profile , saga frontier , vagrant story and xenogears events . 
  sometimes i wonder if they even want our money or not . 
  nm better step up their game otherwise this 'll be another bleach colab incident just waiting to happen . 
  he ` grew tired ' probably . 
  actually , is n't it perfect for einherjars to be summoned by the crystal as well ? 
  the crystal stores memories and feelings , correct ? 
  would n't be surprised if all 3 valkyries and the other gods are 5 \u2605 bases . 
  for equipment , would be awesome if lenneth could use both swords and bows like in the actual game and her limit break animation would also change like in the original based on the weapon type she 's using . 
  `` get thee hence !, 
  oblivion awaits thee ! '', 
  god it would really , be so awesome to have them here . 
  hear !, 
  hear !, 
  totally would also morph into a whale for those !, 
  citan , fei , id and ramsus !, 
  and machine killer for additional flavor . 
  yum !, 
  i thought se still owned vp since it was published by enix , ergo , se would own it when squaresoft and enix merged . 
  agreed on star ocean and drakengard colabs !, 
  man , i love the nostalgia i 'm feeling in this thread !, 
  you mean this blonde bitch ? 
  ugh i agree with you . 
  ca n't remember the amount of times i just went and turned off the playstation each time she wiped the floor with me . 
  hahahaha god no please no . 
  now that i think about it , i do n't ever recall using badrach even once outside of scripted combat . 
  lol, 
  stomp , or even better , the limit break would be welltall-id picking up a big ass submarine and throw it at the enemy . 
  lol !, 
  i would n't be surprised if he would be a mage on par with exdeath , kefka and the other high-tier ones in jp . 
  it would definitely fit with who lezard valeth is . 
  limit break has to be celestial star , no doubt about it . 
  i remember gabriel celeste definitely being easier . 
  he 'd probably be the pro boss in an event with ethereal queen being the elt boss . 
  not sure if i 'd whale for them , but i do still would appreciate seeing them again . 
  their game really was an eye opener for me back when i played it the first time . 
  i realized that i just could n't keep hacking away as much as i want . 
  definitely made me re-think my methods a lot , for a game of it 's kind back in the day . 
  heroes from a gem of a game titled ** valkyrie profile ** . 
  here are their skill in actions . 
  hahahaha !, 
  i like it !, 
  he 's ` tired ' . 
  lol, 
  lenneth , lezard and freya for me . 
  `` it shall be engraved upon your soul ! '', 
  with a badass hair style . 
  yeah !, 
  i think the gameplay really was one of the reason why it did n't do so well . 
  this event pretty much scarred her for life . 
  congratulations on the win !, 
  and by therapy , it means you have to give her all of the stat boost pots you 'll get from the arena . 
  does n't matter if it 's stats she wo n't normally use like str ; give them to her . 
  she deserves them . 
  lol, 
  it was definitely grim for game of it 's genre back then . 
  true . 
  well , they did insert that horn in maxwell 's limit break . 
  if they do this colab , maybe it 's time to insert short voice files in the game .
