  really excited . 
  edit : i believe only a select few bosses who are phy resistant will pose a challenge for you . 
  i 'd say that 's a good run . 
  you get 2 of luneth 's tm which is neat and you have 2 rikkus as well . 
  at the very least , you have his tm which is sought after . 
  god you 'd be so annoying in the arena then . 
  it is !, 
  the one reason why i would n't be disappointed in wasting a 5-star base pull on gilgamesh . 
  does bartz tm dh stack with her innate one ? 
  coz i have bartz 's tm at 40 + % . 
  need to know if i should feed him the moogles or not . 
  thank you !, 
  i guess bartz 's tm is next up to be acquired then . 
  it 's just i currently only have 1 dw and the thundergod is using it . 
  well , i do have maxwell and also the unit that has letters and arms . 
  which do you recommend aiming for ? 
  yeah still no gil . 
  right , l&a then . 
  i have two of the l&a unit too so that 's two for freyvia . 
  ah no , i just do tm moogles . 
  alright noted , i 'll keep an eye out for two more . 
  thank you !, 
  oh man , where do i start . 
  off the top of my head ; castlevania : symphony of the night . 
  200 % map completion and every single ??? 
  drop unlocked in the bestiary . 
  talk about stereotypical line-up of protagonists . 
  you got the main hero who 's the muscle , followed by the female lead who again for some reason has to show her navel area ( not that it 's bad , she 's easy on the eyes ) , a black guy who i would n't be surprised if he died , and then you have the fat white guy with the glasses . 
  lol come on hollywood . 
  not underwhelmed . 
  more along the lines of `` uhhh okay yeah sure , why not , cheers . '' . 
  i guess ` meh ' was too general and clearly negative . 
  i 'm still working towards a 2nd dual wield so for now the 2nd landu is on the bench . 
  i think the only things that can survive a 3 + landu party are holy and phy resistant enemies . 
  there are a few i believe . 
  haha nah , then everyone would be creating alternate account , constantly re-roll for the unit they want then just trade . 
  still , i 'm happy for you that you got ramza . 
  okay , this has been bothering me for as long as i remember . 
  does n't water get into the tube of those water goggles that he 's using ? 
  i was under the impression that those things only work just below the surface where the opening can be exposed into the air while you 're underwater so you can take in air through the tube . 
  how is it that some people are able to use them way below the surface ? 
  yes , i know he 's holding his breath here but then what 's the point of using them this far down ? 
  haha thanks , yeah i know it 's basic but i rarely went swimming outside of your usual pool . 
  it 's something a child would ask at some point but it 's only now that i 've gotten the chance to actually ask about it . 
  calling it now , their astronaut will do it whilst inside a giant robot . 
  on a more serious note ; it 's nice that we 're going back again to the moon . 
  always wondered why we stopped . 
  is it simply because of the sudden price increase of rocket fuel ? 
  ahaha well hopefully they 'll go with a mature adult this time around over a teenager like most of their pilots are in fiction . 
  i see . 
  so it really is all about the money and political gains ( if there will be any ) . 
  that 's a shame . 
  2017 and i was hoping we 'd have some form of a lunar base already in place . 
  yes , the logistics of that for the supplies would be a daunting but i imagine it 'll be easier to launch deep space missions from the moon . 
  disclaimer : not an expert lol but you got ta admit the theory is a little sound . 
  you know , i have n't complained even once ( until now ) about the times my post got deleted . 
  i understood and accepted that maybe , just maybe , the sanction is legit and that i indeed should n't have posted that . 
  but then , come posts like these . 
  nothing against you op , you seem to be a swell guy . 
  but i just ca n't fathom how your post is left alone while all of mine are deleted ( heck i would n't be surprised if this was removed as well ) . 
  i 've never posted any nsfw content or single liners and so far they 've all been ffbe related . 
  i do n't even know any of these mods personally so i just do n't get what their beef is with me . 
  i refuse to accept that it 's some simple case of internet bullying and power-tripping . 
  i 'd like to think these mods are more mature and objective than something as shallow as that . 
  my main dps duo are freyvia and landu . 
  they 're pretty much fully set-up and ready to take on anything . 
  my question is ; is worth to build up fohlen who i just recently acquired ? 
  he 's currently a mere 4 \u2606 with nothing on . 
  thanks !, 
  vertical jump ability at least 48cm for males . 
  it 's actually the only quest that i 'm able to complete easily . 
  here 's the thing , i 've only started pumping str and sta at level 32 because this particular class has been the only reason for me to do so . 
  which i think is the reason why i 'm having so much trouble . 
  it 's even worse because my inspiration stat get 's a debuff during winter which is what it is right now here . 
  i 'll try to grind my running skill every other day like what you said . 
  it 's better than nothing i suppose . 
  i 'll try those dungeons then . 
  just was n't sure if they were just gold sinks for rich high-levels and that those did n't really deliver in the long run . 
  i 'm earning just enough gold for basic daily supplies but yeah , i think i can squeeze in those dungeons . 
  i 've experienced this for a time last week as well . 
  it occurred consistently whenever i tried to fight and acquire lakshmi . 
  the game would crash right after her intro cut-scene . 
  i sent a ticket to support and they provided the usual trouble-shooting steps and even asked for details about my device and whatnot . 
  even after re-downloading the game from google app store , the issue was n't fixed . 
  come the ffx banner update , i just focused on the moogle raid and macalania woods . 
  after clearing everything 100 % , i decided to pay lakshmi a visit again out of curiosity . 
  lo and behold , the game never crashed again and i was able to fight and acquire lakshmi just fine . 
  so , i dunno if they did something to fix it or the problem just went away by itself . 
  what are the percentages on those tms you mentioned ? 
  are they all at 0 % ? 
  if they are , next question is , is tidus already at max like your aileen ? 
  if not , i recommend artisan first for eileen to get her settled in while you 'll be working towards getting tidus up to speed . 
  after artisan , 2nd dual wield for tidus but that 's assuming you already have a decent weapon for him atm . 
  * ** is luneth still great ? 
  he 's still okay . 
  better than lightning if that 's what you 're asking . 
  his tm is still relevant if you 're already set-up with the bis ones like dw , dc , excalibur etc. 
  * ** what does he need to be great ? 
  you 're usual bread-and-butter for phy dps like him . 
  excalibur , black cowl etc. . .
