  i went ahead and barfed ... 
  i just noticed that when i would craft the egg recipes , that my red and blue eggs are at 999 cap . 
  does it mean the eggs i get just disappear into oblivion until that cap goes down ? 
  i got aiden first followed by nox from 10 tickets . 
  had 20 left and decided `` wth , i 'll use 10 more for freya '' , got freya on 2 tickets . 
  used up a total of 22 tickets and i got all 3 . lol, 
  i see , but i still keep stacking them past 999 right ? 
  right , right , right . 
  there 's that . 
  okay , okay . 
  thank you !!!!, 
  loved watching farscape so when i heard morrigan the first time i knew on the spot that it was claudia black . 
  any more of her ? 
  what are the colors of the awakening materials for the following units ? 
  i 'd like to stock up on them as early as now . 
  * cod, 
  * exdeath, 
  * agrias, 
  need the answer to this as well . 
  there are a few missions that require we kill the boss with an esper . 
  having problems with those since i either 1-hit the bosses or i do n't do enough damage for the esper to kill them . 
  i 'll take that . 
  thank you !, 
  i 'm at work right now so i ca n't pull out my phone to check . 
  the 4-star guaranteed ticket gift , i took it out from my inbox so my question is ; does it expire ? 
  or i can just save it for a later date ? 
  might as well use them on your chizurus and take advantage of her chaining capability . 
  since you mentioned that you spend real money on the game , spending lapis on adding more unit slots should n't hurt so much and would prove beneficial for you . 
  edit : as for your excalibur , put it on luneth until you get dw for orlandeau . 
  but that 's just me . 
  two-timing slob !, 
  lol, 
  on a more serious note , did you just recently started playing the game ? 
  like , just a month ago maybe ? 
  that might be the reason . 
  cheers !, 
  cheers !, 
  have you finished all of the trials ? 
  what about every single mission in the game ? 
  those should keep you busy for some time . 
  the last thing to really grind for would be the high level trophies . 
  i only have xon and garnet . 
  can i use bartz in place of ling since he has entrust as well ? 
  hmmm ... right . 
  okay thanks !, 
  just try to focus on the free lapis you get for the missions . 
  it helps numb out the boredom lol . 
  huh ... then i 'm all out of ideas as to why this guy did n't get it . 
  probably ... depends on how active he is in a week ? 
  i 'm seeing all of these units with a bunch of bar spells being used but no mention of cod . 
  is n't her all elements buff better and more convenient than the bar spells ? 
  edit : also , i have everyone else except for snow . 
  will that be a problem ? 
  is cod good to bring in the latest trial ? 
  her all elemental buffs should be convenient for this trial than wasting more than one turn setting up your usual bar spells . 
  so it 's the percentage that is the key . 
  okay thanks . 
  suddenly their voices when they shout out their moves are ringing in the head . 
  thanks for the nostalgia . 
  rose for me . 
  love that brunette !, 
  oh right , right !, 
  urrr ... i always mistake brunettes with pure black hairs . 
  was going to say noctis but from what i 've read this past week from others talking about how good enhanced ramza is , i 'm starting to lean more towards him . 
  well sht ... that explains a lot then . 
  in the meantime , was that a laswell unit with rain 's sword on his back ? 
  lol talk about spoilers ... . 
  meh , i 'm just observant . 
  the fact that she pulls all those rainbows should distract everyone else enough from that tiny bit . 
  i am leaning a bit more towards nia due to that passive of her 's . 
  it 's still hard for me see their shard value atm . 
  for now , i 'll just monitor how the next batch of specialists will be . 
  it 's not like we wo n't be able to awaken these in the future anyways . 
  edit : this is n't directed towards you benomeara . 
  now , just for sharing my feedback on how i feel about these changes , even though i did it in a neutral , non-irate tone ; i get a down-vote ? 
  wow , just wow . 
  what a community . 
  lol, 
  i mean i was n't expecting an up-vote , but a down-vote ? 
  really ? 
  haha okay alrighty then . 
  that 's why i 'm starting to lean more towards the lieutenant . 
  too many times i see my lone 4/4 pridemate fatal pushed . 
  then all i 'm left with are mere 1/1 sisters on the field . 
  chizuru and firion . 
  i do n't know why but ffbe did not inspire me to replay an ff . 
  instead , i suddenly found myself re-playing mass effect 2 . 
  i 'm weird ... i know . 
  that too . 
  you hit it . 
  yeah , slagstorm or anger of the gods on soul sisters is not a pretty sight . 
  blood is all over the floor at that point . 
  i put in 1 [ [ emeria , the sky ruin ] ] for games of attrition . 
  sadly , you are right , sweepers and the current heavy removal meta is our deck 's kryptonite . 
  to date , i 've only found two solutions for sweepers and those are [ [ return to the ranks ] ] and [ [ selfless spirit ] ] . 
  the issue with most of our creatures being 1/1s is also the reason why i play a full set of [ [ archangel of thune ] ] and [ [ ranger of eos ] ] ( as opposed to only 2 or 3 of ) . 
  i used to have cards like [ [ renewed faith ] ] back when i was just starting out with the deck but i 've found they do more harm than good . 
  namely :, 
  * purely life-gain cards do n't do anything to help me kill my opponents . 
  i gain life , that 's cute , but what then ?
