  * ** are tmrs still annoyingly necessary ? 
  not necessary but definitely adds some replay value to the game and makes our lives easier . 
  i mean , dual wield ; why not ? 
  * ** do the macros work again ? 
  i do n't macro but based on what i 've seen in this community , i do n't think it ever left . 
  people are still using them just fine . 
  * ** i spent a lot of time working through the story yesterday , and the last boss fight i did was the two-headed dragon . 
  what should i do next ? 
  definitely play the story . 
  get some lapis , get the latest espers , get the latest vault items etc. 
  * ** what 's the best way to get crystals to enhance abilities ? 
  events and the vortex is the only way to get them atm . 
  * ** any expedition tips ? 
  speaking only from experience ; i only go for the a and s rank ones if it 's a moogle . 
  it 's worth the gamble . 
  other than that , i only go for b-rank and below . 
  i prefer minimal rewards but higher rate of success . 
  one thing 's for sure , get dual wield for either of them . 
  but if that was my account , i 'd gear tidus first . 
  once he 's all set-up , then i 'd focus my attention on aileen . 
  try to do them 1-by-1 . 
  it 's `` easier '' to get missions that way . 
  you do n't need to rush anyways because those story unit trials are there forever . 
  stay with team 1 . hands down . 
  start playing !, 
  that 's actually a good roll . 
  definitely could 've been worse . 
  edward would be broken in arena . 
  his sprite would be so darn small that you ca n't even target him . 
  you 're a sick bastard ... 
  get my very first and fully equipped evasion unit so i can finally give back to this community and carry newbs , the same way i was carried before them . 
  already have rikku , chizuru and fohlien . 
  i just need to get the bis evasion items and materias . 
  that 's about as american as a cake will ever be . 
  nothing short of an american flag shaped caked will match that . 
  lol, 
  where are this week 's announcements ?!, 
  i need my fix , kora !!!, 
  lol xd, 
  yeah it really did throw me off a little when nothing came during the usual hour of announcements . 
  i think i 'm addicted to this game if simply not seeing the weekly announcements when i should , is starting to have an effect on me . 
  does that mean i will only get the bonus of 50 % if i have both a sword and heavy armor equipped ? 
  or is that cumulative of 50 % for ** each ** . 
  meaning i get 50 % if i use a sword and another 50 % if i have heavy armor on ? 
  ah there you go . 
  that 's what i wanted to know . 
  thank you !, 
  thanks !, 
  exactly what i wanted to know . 
  please do n't jinx it and give gumi any ideas . 
  some of us do n't macro at all , so the increased rate in moogles is definitely a welcomed thing . 
  you did n't even really answer his question on how you want to be killed . 
  lol, 
  might as well go with this feature . 
  really no downside to it , tbh . 
  if we get full inventory , we have plenty of options to fix that ; expand , sell or use . 
  simple . 
  and ` sexy nurses ' to come out , oh yeah !, 
  not sure which is more disturbing , the doll or the fact that for some reason , your mum thought it was a good idea to pick it up and bring it back home with her . 
  haha it 's related to the comment i replied to . 
  obligatory `` shut up and take my money !! '', 
  comment . 
  +1 for sephiroth, 
  this . 
  i 'm not at gp level in terms of skill but i 've been playing ss since it was concieved by woods . 
  it was already difficult winning with soul sisters before fatal push , it has become an even steeper climb when it was released . 
  i was hoping [ hod ] would have provided some good upgrades for us but sadly we received none . 
  it 's still a good and fun deck . 
  in fact , it 's my deck for life . 
  but right now , the environment is very hostile and brutal towards us . 
  i tried lone rider . 
  too slow . 
  by the time i flip it , it gets pushed . 
  better to just play pridemate or champion . 
  wow this happened moments after i just sent out all 4 expeditions lol , that was close !, 
  i 'm fine with no lapis so long as we get two 10 +1 tickets lol, 
  thing is , the pridemate is easier to pump . 
  with even just a single sister on the field , he becomes a threat . 
  with a rider and a single sister , your only hope is that you or your opponent uses a spell that triggers 3 life-gain events for the rider to flip . 
  that 's that part of it that makes it slow . 
  yeah , norin sisters or bw sisters could probably make a use for that but only due to budget reasons . 
  even then , it 's still not that good since it only activates on your spells . 
  even the dual-colored sisters run more white spells than other colored ones . 
  i do agree with the late game dilemma with martyr . 
  which is why i dropped her . 
  however , my experience with the rider has n't been any better either , sadly . 
  in place of the hawks and martyr , i am having some good experience with archangel of thune at 23 lands which runs a full set of fetches and set of flagstones . 
  so far i 'm able to cast her just fine and consistently on turn-5 . 
  by no means does she make the matches any easier but at the very least , i go down fighting and screaming and clawing instead of just being pushed to death . 
  i 'm in new zealand and this does n't show up on the google app store yet . 
  is it currently exclusive to the us only ? 
  i see . 
  thanks !, 
  11 tickets first , nothing . 
  then followed with 10 +1 , aiming for ashe , got her and zarga-guy . 
  what 's the timing on their chain ? 
  together as much as possible or delay one of them ? 
  thanks !, 
  yeah , heck no . 
  i 've seen enough of pinhead to know where this is going .
