yeah we 're not talking about nazi or communist newspapers though . 
  the mainstream newspapers there are all guardian-esque , and yes i 've spent a lot of time there . 
  it 's unattractive how swedes think always their country does everything better than everyone else you 're worse than serbs , americans , russians who would admit their over the top patriotism is based on emotion . 
  swedes constantly try to prove with facts sweden is the best , which is subjective and impossible to do . 
  the worst part you never admit it and act like you 're not jingoists, 
  it 's almost as if they represent the range of opinions people have . 
  you just do n't notice the bias in your papers because they 're all equally biased towards political correctness, 
  what is that law about questions in headlines called again ? 
  you 'd think they have enough faith in their ideology to stay true to it though , or i would have imagined that, 
  even stranger then i guess . 
  i ca n't think a man who 's done what he has would suddenly start feeling guilty, 
  i find it incredible that he 's working with the authorities after going so far down the terrorist route . 
  how can you do all he 's done and now play ball to get a reduced sentence ? 
  you 'd think if he was that fanatic he 'd only care about god 's judgement, 
  you obviously did n't read the article which definitely does n't say that, 
  for someone without physical balls , she has huge balls, 
  turkey is socially backward , almost in civil war and has a despotic ruler . 
  turkey does n't admit the armenian genocide , and is occupying half of an eu member state . 
  most of all i do n't want 80 million turks having the ability to freely move here considering the prevailing social attitudes there, 
  yeah definitely , but i do n't really want medieval barbarians of any stripes, 
  no , they just create the world view that makes people support isis . 
  if i went around propagandising to white youths saying blacks and jews are the problem with society , and then they committed acts of violence against them , i 'd rightfully be seen as a significant part of the problem, 
  anyone else really not looking forward to having people like this chap as a neighbour ? 
  yeah true, 
  the express and mail readers i 've met have mostly been well meaning but have n't kept up with changes in society , and find it alarming . 
  they basically just want to live in the 50s what they 're with is n't it , and what 's it seems weird and scary, 
  not as much as britain bashing sells karma on this sub, 
  they are in much of the country . 
  london ridiculously takes the average up, 
  my grandma lives near cut throat lane . 
  imagine having that as your address there are also gropecunt streets in several english cities ( some have had their names changed ) which used to be red light districts, 
  awesome how nature finds a way, 
  the express is the only paper that supports ukip . 
  i used to be a paper boy . 
  it 's almost only read by old grannies, 
  source ? 
  i see what you 're saying about the blandness but imo those are the coolest becuase they have some of the longest histories, 
  well you would n't have ice hockey without it, 
  the only thing on the list of any consequence is ice hockey , which was of course brought to you by british soldiers . 
  you 're welcome my fellow subject of the queen . 
  bonus empire brownie points for having codified the modern version for everyone , good job http://www.canada.com/travel/hockey+researchers+puck+back+1796+earliest+known+portrait+player/6639066/story.html, 
  yeah it 's only the second most popular sport in the world . 
  tell me about some great cultural exports from quebec . 
  also 1759 , never forget, 
  since they 're not wearing pads , they 're playing with one of those plastic balls or a tapeball , rather than a real cricket ball , and those things swing like a fucker in any conditions, 
  i really hope wheelchair man was another somali so they might treat him better, 
  yeah i meant why is english your first language ? 
  i assumed it would be hebrew, 
  borat 's reddit account detected, 
  foreign johnnies are n't very good with sarcasm, 
  rivendell ? 
  i 'm against nationalism , as in parties who define themselves as nationalist because they invariably take things too far . 
  i 'd like to see mainstream parties having some more ` nationalist ' policies , which i guess we are seeing in the uk ( at least with miliband 's labour not corbyn ), 
  irrelevant whataboutism, 
  that 's just not true though . 
  italian football is incredibly slow and boring compared to english football . 
  on holiday on italy i watched some mid table games on tv . 
  incredibly slow . 
  i think it might be partly to do with how hot it is . 
  german football has one team so far ahead financially who buy the best players of their competitors if you 're downvoting me it 's because you hate the truth . 
  no one actually thinks italian football is anywhere near as entertaining as english football stay jealous, 
  thanks you sir . 
  you guys are great at austrian too . 
  it 's kind of amazing there 's a situation whereby supposed refugees have to be begged to go to a beautiful , safe country, 
  that 's a problem with muslims , not with maajid nawaz, 
  yes , but they are now capped at 92 ( since 1999 ) whereas previously there was no such limit . 
  all of the main parties have agreed reform should be pursued but not on how . 
  there have been minor reforms recently, 
  all three of the major parties have had house of lords reform in their manifestos since the 2010 election campaign . 
  you also did n't knnow the hereditary peers were being phased out . 
  i 'm not going to talk to you further because you have fuck all idea what you 're talking about . 
  stop writing misinformation and misleading people when you do n't what you 're on about, 
  hereditary peers are being phased out . 
  the law that new ones ca n't inherit a place in the house of lords has been law since like 1998 so you 're talking bollocks, 
  it 's kind of technocratic yeah . 
  it 's somewhat apolitical . 
  even those peers nominated by a party ( that 's just some of them ) very often vote against their own party . 
  they do this a far higher amount of the time than in the commons because they are kind of more loyal to their profession than party . 
  the lib dems ( and some other parties i think , possibly labour now ) want the lords to be fully proportional representation but this has the problem of making it more political . 
  i think the tories want to make it half pr or something, 
  they all want reform but they disagree about exactly what reform to take . 
  many of the peers in the house of lords are experts in their field ( this is one of the ways you get chosen ) . 
  so if the they make legislation on something to do with the health service , the medical experts can send it back to say it makes no sense for example . 
  or finance experts there could send a new bill back because it has loopholes in it etc. 
  they do n't come up with legislation but they review it and send it back to the commons to be improved upon . 
  so this is the problem with having a proportionally elected house of lords , it benefits from these non elected but relatively non partisan experts . 
  also it 's not the done thing to vote on an issue you are n't an authority on which is why most of them do n't vote on most things, 
  it 's being phased out though . 
  it 's a byproduct of our parliament being hundreds of years old . 
  the hereditary peers are n't replaced by their heirs as they die now since the 90s . 
  still a crazy historical relic but the law to change it was made years ago, 
  i 'd wager an enormous percentage of those ` children ' are lying about their age , and even those who are n't are disproportionately male and aged 15-18, 
  this is only the fifth time i 've seen this posted here, 
  yeah exactly and ashley williams . 
  they have no strength in depth ( english third tier players on the bench ) but they have some decent starters . 
  it 's pretty bad not getting in when heavyweights of football like albania and slovakia qualified too . 
  it was a weird qualifying campaign, 
  they have bale and ramsey . 
  the tournament expanded . 
  northern ireland 's qualification was far more miraculous,
