   sad by the amount of `` we are uk , we should n't have to ask shit from the other 27 . 
  they should give us whatever we ask , cause they need us so bad ! '', 
  and `` uk is stronk independent country who do n't need no eu , and will get all it wants from the eu if it leaves , cause we 're awesome ! '', 
  i 've seen from british redditors . 
  british people do n't really see it like that . 
  anti eu brits see the eu as a big bully and us as the little guy getting screwed over by a france / germany block, 
  this is different and worse than in that video . 
  it was in normal state schools . 
  not islamic schools, 
  a bit of a joke . 
  i mean students who should be children , but were actually adults, 
  my school had adult children from nigeria and bangladesh . 
  it definitely happens, 
  yeah it 's only the second most popular sport in the world, 
  it 's effectively lying by omission and pushing an inaccurate narative, 
  this is the most commmon and ill informed meme . 
  no they never were , the fighters funded by the west against the ussr included groups who would end up being both talibs and northern alliance . 
  ie they split afterwards, 
  hopefully someone will throw away the key, 
  cheapskate isis having a bring your own bomb party, 
  where i grew up in london there are quite a lotfrom ecuador and peru who used ancestry rules to get spanish citizenship and then came here as it 's in the eu and has better job prospects . 
  there are also quite a lot of chileans , the community mostly being established by pinochet refugees, 
  the largest foreign born group is finnish though right ? 
  i bet there 'd be more difference if it was non-european born, 
  everyone who started bashing on anglos here should be forced to read this, 
  the puritan ones who thought england was a hive of sin probably did, 
  it 's not racist at all . 
  i 'm just pointing out that many non muslims practice this and it 's nothing to do with islam so this article is nothing to do with islamophobia . 
  i was agreeing with you . 
  you 're quite insane, 
  because it 's not necessarily an islamic issue so it would be silly to call someone an islamophobe based on it, 
  judging by the ticket prices , i 'm not sure why !, 
  ` random local news ' is banned , so no , i guess not . 
  i also disapprove of every incidence of harassment , but your comments imply there is no cultures which are more prone to this , which there very clearly are ... 
  it 's not acceptable behaviour at all , but in my opinion , it 's not of the same magnitude as what happened on new year 's eve and i 'm sure you know it 's not . 
  you honestly do n't think this incident is being highlighted to say ` see white guys are sex attackers too ' ? 
  well i guess you know that because it seems to be why you posted it too, 
  although it seems to be that most practitioners are muslims , some african christians must be doing it too because if this map is accurate then the incidence is higher than the percentage of muslims in some of these countries https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:fgm_prevalence_unicef_2015.svg, 
  if the case is that this video is n't the whole incident then i apologisise . 
  this is what i was referring to https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyqb81bpd9m edit : that seems to be the entire video because the two stills in the article which claim to be of the ` attack ' are from the video, 
   sounds familiar , but it 's in more people 's interest to change the status quo . 
   perhaps , but not all people are equally influential, 
  watch the video are those guys acting like dicks ? 
  yes is it in any way comparable to the new year 's eve attacks ? 
  no , obviously not funny how this ` assault ' is reported immediately though, 
  well fair enough . 
  i 've read quite a few novels originally published in other languages so i did n't realise . 
  i think it 's partly due to the amount of good books in english already though, 
  that 's just absolute nonsense . 
  go to any public library, 
  in which two immovable objects collide . 
  / r/europe 's resentment of british euro-skepticism and fear of muslim immigration, 
  is n't that balanced by the cost of living though ? 
  the uk does significantly better than sweden, 
  so are they anglo australians or croatian australians ? 
  edit : do n't downvote me . 
  it 's a valid question because there are a lot of croatian australians so they 'd likely visit and this thread is just an anti anglo circle jerk, 
  finns and swedes act exactly the same , if not worse when drinking / on holiday explain how i 'm wrong rather than downvote . 
  the only reason anyone thinsk we 're any worse is because there are more of us . 
  dutch , swedes , finns etc do not act any different, 
  i honestly do n't think the public in any western european country cares if romania leaves . 
  in fact i think more would like them to leave than like them to stay, 
  it 's totally outrageous no matter which side does it . 
  also the people who do it are fucking idiots because it actually harms their cause when it 's proven to be false, 
  genius, 
  but we do better than norway and sweden in pisa tests so i do n't understand how both can be true, 
  i think environmental concerns are far down your list when you 're trying to stay alive, 
  how on earth can they want to expel christians from the camp and expect to live in europe ? 
  playing devil 's advocate here ; would you expect her not to be charged for having an illegal firearm if she used to defend against a sex attacker ? 
  ( assuming it would be judged to be a reasonable level of force if the firearm were legal ), 
  nope . 
  the teachers were mostly white and middle class and scared to confront them . 
  ` dirty pork eater ' was another one . 
  our lesson on evolution during biology was disrupted and our teacher actually gave up on that section of the syllabus and told us to study it at home because about 75 % -80 % of the class ( muslims and evangelical african christians ) kept interrupting with stuff like ' i ai n't descended from no monkey bruv ' etc, 
  the muslim guys in my school ( mostly of bengali and somali origin ) literally used ` jew ' as an insult like arsehole or dickhead, 
  he 's telling me to fuck off for saying they should n't be jailed so it 's implied dickhead, 
  the law makes a difference between a specific group , and an ideology . 
  you can ban a group because they are actively committing crimes . 
  that is different to banning the ideas, 
  i 'm not playing with words at all the guys in the documentary ( if you watched it ) are playing with words but not openly supporting isis , yes . 
  i simply do n't believe in locking people up who have not committed a crime . 
  i ca n't believe that is so controversial, 
  i dunno about that . 
  if i was a muslim youth and i watched this , i 'd be less likely to think they were cool or whatever , especially with how often they get confronted by other muslims . 
  you did n't answer my question of what criteria you would put for arresting someone with these kinds of views, 
  well i think bad ideas and pathetic cult like groups who reject society and think they are above it invariably look ridiculous under further scrutiny which these kind of things provide, 
   showering them with attention to show them how important do you also think this about all the documentaries about neo nazis ? 
  do you think this about vice 's one about swedish left wing militants ? 
  in my opinion it shows what fucking idiots they are and makes them look pathetic . 
  so in your world of arresting people for expressing opinions you dislike where do you draw the line ? 
  do i get arrested for having the incorrect view on this ? 
  and if you want to arrest all the muslims who have opinions which are socially unacceptable to the average non muslim european , you will be arresting an awful lot of them, 
  answer my question then . 
  what do you think should happen to these guys ? 
  and btw the existential risk that isis poses to the uk compared to nazi germany is just not comparable at all and the same goes for france . 
  it 's not fucking playing with words . 
  these guys do not represent a foreign power do they ? 
  the people who were still nazis after the way were freed and allowed to continue to be nazis . 
  a terrorist group is not comparable to a proper country . 
  you 're playing with words by dodging my question,
