  well no he would n't be tried for treason . 
  open nazi supporters in the uk were interned , and freed after the war . 
  what do you think should happen to these guys then ? 
  so what ? 
  i do n't think you should be imprisoned for openly advocating white supremacy or anarchism either you actually think they should be jailed because of what their views are ? 
  probably they would be arrested and investigated whether they were a german agent , but i do n't think itself that would be a crime . 
  i 'm not sure though . 
  supporting isis is illegal though , which they do n't openly do , so this person in your hypothetical situation would only criticise our government and not say he supports nazism, 
  well they 're not breaking any of our laws by saying any of the things that they say in that documentary , and i personally believe in the rule of law . 
  he wants to kill people for something which is n't even illegal, 
  making a documentary is not the same as condoning their behaviour at all . 
  documentary makers make documentaries about nazis , anarchists , communists . 
  it 's not propaganda for them, 
  i get what you 're saying but he 's a contrarian . 
  he is against the ` establishment ' in everything . 
  he 's more unpopular because his views on the falklands for example . 
  from the stuff the ` establishment ' supports , israel is not very popular because of their actions in the settlements, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hezbollah#ideology they 're islamists . 
  by your argument hamas are not islamists because they focus on palestine, 
  i ca n't stand those people but you 're a dangerous , deranged lunatic if you think people should be shot on the spot for thought crimes . 
  wtf, 
  not exactly . 
  less have joined isis than the uk military . 
  more have joined syrian rebel groups altogether, 
  sorry that 's my ignorance , i actually thought they were volunteers like the russians who fought for the nazis, 
  thanks for your in depth answer, 
  thanks for the info . 
  it 's interesting to hear from the perpective of a country we never really learn anything about, 
  that 's interesting . 
  is there a special reason that latvia supported germany much more ? 
  i guess they had a similar relationship to russia as lithuania did ? 
  ( i hope this comes across as helpful not annoying ) in english we use commas for thousands and full stops ( or periods as americans call them ) to indicate decimal points . 
  i see this mistake in this sub all the time from people who are otherwise good at english, 
  did lithuanian nationalists side with the germans like latvians did ? 
  because of the katyn massacre or communism being imposed after ww2 or something earlier ? 
  yes but they also fought a war against nazi germany after they made peace with the ussr, 
  who is seen as the bigger historical ` bad guy ' in poland ? 
  germany or russia ? 
  they show it on eurosport but i 've never met anyone who plays it or watches except my pe teacher in school , but he 's italian, 
   like you said , you guys made the crusader allusions in wwi and i 'm sure many of your soldiers did in the iraq war . 
  i think most british soldiers are patriotic but british patriotism is n't so linked to christianity as judaism is to israel , and church going christianity is pretty uncommon with young people unlike in the us  no , i 'm saying that singling out the israeli lobby alone which is pretty common in britain and the us is rooted in medieval concepts of jews . 
  i do not actually think that you or even the guys who made this movie are anti-semites . 
  what i do think is that if what they are doing is legal it does not merit special attention like it 's given . 
  i just do n't think that 's the reason . 
  i think it 's simply that one small country exerts way more influence than other comparable countries . 
  china and the us are more powerful than us though , so that 's not the same . 
  israel has so much influence for her size  right right , galloway has n't been an mp for years and the head of the labor party is totally pro-israel . 
  galloway is a fringe politician who is the head of what is basically a muslim minority interest party . 
  he only stands in impoverished muslim areas . 
  corbyn is very pro palestine , and he 's also completely un-electable . 
  he 's also very unpopular among other politicians in his own party . 
  he won because of the members ' votes , many of whom joined because of him , so he 's popular with mostly students and left wing political activists . 
  he 's not popular nationally at all . 
  he has led an already failing labour party after the elections , to even worse ratings in the polls , and his foreign policy is actually one of the things he 's least popular on . 
   the israeli army has no more a religious element than the american or british armies have . 
  i do n't think that 's true about the british army at least . 
  americans are a lot more religious though  no , they were a link in a gradual transition for marxist ideology to islamist ideology . 
  eh they 're still relatively reasonable . 
  you could make agreements with the plo in a way that you ca n't with isis or whoever  i dislike even more the european reaction as if israel is some colonial entity from the 19th century settling a foreign land to me that shows you do n't condemn the settlement policy enough then because it 's clearly a big obstacle to peace far more than the opinion of any european is  you promised us a country in the balfour agreement as well as to facilitate jewish immigration in the actual terms of the mandate yes that 's true . 
  i can see how that is considered as a betrayal by zionists . 
  that does n't account for the fact that the british had to adjust policy due to the arab reaction , but yes i understand your point  why is jews supporting israel a problem when they do it according to the law , is any other minority subject to such scrutiny ? 
  if they are n't breaking the law it 's their right , if they are put them on trial but these constant allusions to `` secret cabals '' of jews `` affecting government decisions '' is practically just rehashed middle ages anti-semitism . 
  do i appear to you to be some kind of rabid anti semite ? 
  shutting down criticism of israel by calling people an anti semite plays int the hands of actual anti semites because it devalues the term.that 's pretty offensive and if you watched the documentary which was btw shown on a completely reputable tv channel here you would see there 's a rabi condemning some of these guys ' business dealings in the illegal settlements . 
  not all of them are jews anyway . 
  it 's not a problem as such , but israel has a disproportionate influence compared to any other country i can think of . 
  it 's actually the opposite of ` secret cabals ' ; you wo n't go anywhere if you are n't part of the pro israel groups in our parliament, 
   the plo has a serious islamic contingent which was a precursor to the later islamic terrorist groups . 
  they use the terms jihad , martyr and islamic justifications liberally , in fact they pioneered the use of defending al-aqsa mosque ( an explicitely religious goal ) as a reason for violence . 
  because the israel defence forces have never had any religious element ? 
  i still do n't it 's fair to put the plo alongside those other groups i named . 
  the british army made allusions to the crusades when they took jerusalem in ww1 . 
  the british army still was n't isis  the vast majority of fighters were not holocaust survivors i never claimed that . 
  some of them were , and you said they were n't , but you were wrong about that . 
   in your head i was . 
  nope . 
  you were because you did n't admit you were wrong . 
   dude , my family was in those organizations my paternal granddad was a veteran of the sherwood foresters and was in palestine if you want to play that game , but i do n't really think that makes either of us experts  so the poles were saved from their eventual planned genocide by the russians hence they had no right to resist the soviets i gather ? 
  i think it 's extremely harsh to compare us to stalin 's russia but okay  give me an example of things we do that your other allies and you yourselves do n't do . 
  i 've been through this debate a thousand times , and i can show you british commanders saying that israel takes more effort to safeguard human rights than nato . 
  for me personally it 's the illegal settlements which seem to be making everything more unstable , rather than the conduct of israeli troops , and i 'm also not claiming we are perfect and have never done anything wrong basically i think your idea that islamist terrorists in europe nowadays are in any way related to a european government having dealings with the relatively non fanatical plo a long time ago is far-fetched and ridiculous and it 's obviously something to do with you thinking that europe owes israel something when i do n't personally see how it does  this coming from the country which supported our enemies in 1948 i do n't really see why we should n't have supported israel 's enemies in 1948 . 
  we were n't stabbing you in the back because we were already fighting the jewish insurgency israel has a considerable influence on our government . 
  does the uk have any influence on yours ? 
  far less , i am sure https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0e70bwa7xgu here 's a documentary about the israel lobby in the uk if you happen to be interested, 
  because they 're shia ? 
  they 're still driven by a way more overtly religious ideology than the plo, 
  plo are more in the style of 70s and 80s soviet funded terrorists , in the sense that they are not religious fanatics like al qaeda , hamas , hezbollah or isis , so it 's not the same . 
  they are comparatively much more logical and reasonable . 
  you called me ignorant when it is a fact that fighters came from europe after being saved by the allies as i said and fought so you 're no position to refer to me as a ` dolt ' . 
  you were completely wrong yet are still being really arrogant . 
  i ca n't really understand how you can say fighting against men who rescued you is n't ungrateful , and if you think allied soldiers did n't care about jewish lives then watch some video interviews with british soldiers who went into belsen . 
  just because no country 's main reason for entering the war was the jews does n't mean they were not rescued ... 
  the jews were kept in the camp as it was n't sure what were they would be going . 
  you know it 's not the same as what the nazis . 
  israel 's allies let her get away with things that no other country would and if you ca n't see that then you 're a jewish supremacist surely . 
  israel clearly takes advantage of europe and the us more than the other way round edit : re-reading it , you 're right ` modern terrorists ' was n't a clear way to explain what i meant even though it seemed clear in my mind, 
   irgun and lehi were not freed from belsen by the british , this is just historical ignorance , since 1939 onward britain severely limited jewish immigration as well as land ownership rights in the mandate of palestine no my friend , you are the ignorant one , and yes they tried to limit it but many immigrated illegally during and after the war and they also ran guns into the country which were used by the insurgents , so that is bullshit . 
  the allies did save many jewish lives , and many jews saved from europe made it to palestine between the end of the war and the end of the british mandate so you 're both ignorant and ungrateful . 
  and yes i was being facetious making an obviously tenuous link between the acts of jewish terrorists and modern islamists , because i think the idea that dealing with the plo has anything to do with modern terrorist is also ridiculous https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aliyah_bet, 
  this is a pretty outrageous comment when israel was formed when american funded jewish terrorists in palestine drove the british army out .
