though my money is on us getting a free trade deal with the us before the eu does . 
  not like that would be any achievement . 
  it 's more like europe * does n't want * a deal with the us , because we wo n't accept lower standards in some critical areas like industry , food , and social protection . 
  oh , and yeah , there 's also isds . 
  because the eu does n't care about sovereignty at all . 
   the vast majority of those with a lower education level are old because it was fine to not pursue further education a few decades ago . 
  now , everybody has a-levels because you pretty much have to nowadays , even if you 're an idiot . 
  are you saying that education should n't be factored into the results when you are talking about a decision of this scale ? 
  it gives you the background , and more important , teaches you how to do the research you need to choose according to your best interests . 
  also , saying that `` those people are old and did n't need to pursue higher education in those times '' seems like an excuse and it only strengthens the case that this was a totally un - or misinformed vote . 
  by that logic , would it be fine to tolerate education levels like those in the 1330s , because people had their cottages and farm animals and there was no `` reason for them to pursue further education '' ? 
   funny enough , it was this same generation that voted in a referendum to join the eu . 
  saw some interviews from 75 in which they were asking people how they wanted to vote , and half of them had no idea what they were voting for . 
  it was an uninformed vote then , as it was now . 
   birmingham , the second biggest city in the country where 50 % of the city is white british , voted to leave . 
  have n't looked that much into it , but i know the biggest cities voted remain . 
  i know that in birmingham , the vote was particularly tight , with the leave vote being 50,4 % . 
  so it 's by no means a landslide , much like the entire country at this point . 
  leave or remain , the result of the vote would n't really matter as long as it was an informed decision with a clear majority . 
  the biggest problem with this referendum is that it was won on half-truths ( sometimes outright lies ) on a really tight margin . 
  it looks more like a right wing coup than a democratic decision . 
  the importance of the minoans can not be overstated . 
  their linear a alphabet is the origin of the subsequent mycenaean and , by connection , today 's greek alphabet . 
  they 've also laid the bedrock for many of the archaic/classical myths and legends and have influenced a lot of the later greek culture in general . 
  truly the first european civilization . 
  more acceptance here than in poland ? 
  was n't expecting that . 
  you can bet your willy that those `` stats '' are clearly incomplete . 
  we also do arms trafficking and organ smuggling . 
  i suspect a part of you is still living in the 40s . 
  because of course , everyone who 's not from a place that 's acceptable to you comes to the uk with a clear intention of `` creating ethnic enclaves and increasing crime '' . 
  what a fucking joke . 
  yes , we have our fair share of idiots here , but using ad hominems does n't help counter my argument . 
  surely the fact that romanians and poles were used to promote resentment against immigrants by being portrayed exaggerately negative in some of the uk press helped quite a bit . 
  when you insult a whole country like that you do n't expect sympathy in return . 
  my answer is pretty much what / u/nidrach said , so i wo n't bother repeating it . 
  to sum it up , what you 're saying is that you 'd want ( and implicitly trust ) your government to make policy decisions on their own , without any other type of external perusal . 
  i would n't . 
  not my government and nobody else 's . 
  seeing the policies coming from yours after june 23rd , i think you should n't either . 
  as long as it 's not related to critical areas of national interest ( like energy security or military ) , seeing things through more eyes makes for better results . 
   however , i am glad that angela merkel is taking a firm line here as i do n't want the uk to stay in the single market . 
  if immigration is not an issue for you ( like you stated in a previous comment ) , i do n't get why you do n't want membership in the single market . 
  surely you are n't happy about the prospect of massive deregulation and opening of public sectors to private purchase more than they are now ? 
  you also ca n't be eager about losing the social contract the eu currently promotes and all the social and worker protections that are attached to it ? 
  sovereignty should n't also be a concern since every type of free trade will imply you need to open your regulatory systems to foreign scrutiny ? 
  it ca n't all be idealistic zeal that motivates you to not want the uk to be a member of the single market . 
  or is it ? 
  yeah he is . 
  of course this is giving some credence to the theory that britain can have its cake and eat it too , and that would be bad in the long run . 
  i certainly hope that i 'm proven wrong when it comes to his intentions , but he 's been stating quite overtly in the past that [ countries that are against integration should be offered an associate membership status ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqgf8kdhvi8 ) . 
  that , or it might be a pr stunt to show some goodwill during the negotiations and it might never materialize at all . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'd fully take britain not leaving at all versus unhindered integration , and i hope some form of coalition develops there and tries to block brexit altogether . 
   this will just collapse any opposition to change the actual political movement of the country . 
  maybe because that 's exactly what he wants ? 
  verhofstadt is a federalist ; he wants to make sure that one of the biggest opponents to further integration is actually leaving . 
  not that that would be a good idea though . 
  yeah , and calling those people idiots now certainly helps . 
  it 's clear that you have n't got a clue about how ordinary people lived their lives back then . 
  there were small pockets of dissidents right up to the 80s but they got silenced pretty quickly . 
  every warsaw pact country had its dissidents , but most of them were destined to fail without proper political support of some sort . 
  where did i say that i 'd like them to be silenced ? 
  what i would like is to see is journalists actually challenging and publicly dispelling the lies that politicians are caught peddling , no matter what their ideology is . 
  and let me guess ; you 're now going to discredit my question again by saying that both of them base their agenda on factual evidence and not on exaggerating claims that fit their agenda ? 
  why is the bbc giving so much air time to the likes of le pen and farage ? 
  i 'm all for an impartial press , but they have n't done that much to challenge the falsehoods the far right is spreading throughout europe . 
  one could argue that they even helped promote some of them . 
  i agree , unfortunately . 
  most romanians in here have this chronic obsession about being noticed , no matter the reason . 
  the same obsession persists when it comes to the country 's image overseas and the validation they get from that . 
  sadly , this mentality extends to quite a large number of people outside of reddit as well . 
  what a fucking joke some of these postings are . 
   no , i think that 's all it was . 
  britain 's political euroscepticism predates the introduction of free movement . 
  immigration might have won the referendum now , but its core motives are different . 
  and i still think that being outside of the single market is n't going to bring the net numbers down by too much . 
   if on a per-capita basis romania experienced the same level of immigration as the uk did in the last 10-15 years , you 'd have serious political parties in romania pushing for eu exit . 
  we have a massive brain drain ( more than 10 % of the population ) and that 's equally bad . 
  health and education are one of the sectors that suffer the most because of it . 
  [ we have an anti-eu party ] ( https://michaelbirdjournalist.wordpress.com/2016/04/19/what-we-learned-from-marine-le-pen-and-her-nationalist-friends-visit-to-romania/ ) but no one is taking it seriously . 
  le : direct link - https://michaelbirdjournalist.wordpress.com/2016/04/19/what-we-learned-from-marine-le-pen-and-her-nationalist-friends-visit-to-romania/ le2 : reddit for mobile sucks balls . 
  i still do n't know how the leave campaigners managed to trick so many people into thinking that brexit was about what they said it was . 
  it was never about sovereignty in the absolute sense . 
  it was never about immigration . 
  it was about their dogmatic beliefs that moving britain 's external policy towards emerging markets would give them the ability to make more money and rule economically over those countries like they would n't be able to while they are in the eu . 
  and of course , they could do that just because they 're british . 
  turns out that they 'd have to make some of the same concessions they make in europe for having trade deals with india or with china . 
  and even more so - as a small country you would have to concede a lot more when dealing with markets that have the total population count in the billions . 
  those concessions are clear - they would have to give foreign investors more unregulated access to britain 's market - from the nhs to energy security to all sorts of other public services . 
  that 'd , of course , make some people in the government wealthy , all the while the people are worse off and their standard of living goes down as a result . 
  and all this time , they 've been using far right fringe parties to make the case for leaving europe about immigration . 
  not that it is n't a valid concern , but it was never one that was on the table if they were to leave the eu . 
  the way they conducted the campaign was absolutely sickening . 
  or , to use the words of someone from their conservative ranks , `` verging on the squalid '' . 
  what a total mess this has been . 
  what a load of bollocks . 
  because of its size and position , switzerland will always be dependent on europe , and everyone knows it . 
  you are just repeating the same shallow platitudes about sovereignty and disdain at foreigners making your laws without rationally taking into account the benefits of * sharing * decision making and how that would actually boost your influence . 
  you do n't like these regulations ? 
  join the eu and veto them .
