dual boot windows 7 and linux ( ubuntu ) . 
  i actually prefer xubuntu but i 'm too lazy to switch at the moment . 
  south italy would be a failed state if the rest of the country did n't keep it afloat . 
  it 's unbelievably corrupt and backwards . 
  the mafia probably has a lot to do with that . 
   he drank cow blood as he was a butcher finland . 
  i have some doubts that this will work . 
  mainly because i do n't believe in psychology as solution to any problems . 
   single best ingredient : pumpkin seed oil . 
  nectar of the gods . 
  everything tastes better with a few drops of that oil on it . 
  i like pumpkin seed oil , lemon juice and salt in a salad . 
  salad never tasted so good . 
  interesting detail : pumpkin seed oil is dichromatic : http://www.drizzleoils.co.nz/uploads/1/7/7/7/17777583/5826784.gif in the bottle , it will be a dark red to brown , on the dish it will be green . 
  the map is probably distorted . 
  somebody is desperate for attention . 
  the paella is probably the best . 
  iran less popular than north korea ? 
  this poll is strange . 
  the report is here : http://www.esrb.europa.eu/pub/pdf/asc/reports_asc_4_1406.pdf?4fa1ede5965b4df5613605d6bab04a6b it 's not too difficult to read and i found it interesting . 
  so we should soon see some `` ukrainian fascist terrorist attacks '' in russia that are totally not a false flag attack ? 
  and then the rise of novorossia which is totally not sponsored by russia ? 
   the climate and geography is different from the rest of german-speaking europe have you ever been there ? 
  the area has an alpine climate , just like the nearby portions of austria , bavaria and switzerland . 
  the villages look similar as well , and german is commonly spoken . 
  most of the population has austrian/bavarian heritage . 
  greens are usually a minority , what have they done or said to grow bigger than that in belgium ? 
  the economist seems to have a tendency to exaggerate problems concerning the eu . 
  in one sentence : we see authoritarian right-wing politics in the us that remind us of the horrors of ww2 . 
  judging by the downvote , i should clarify : * a massive military-industrial complex . 
  * glorifying of war , weapons , and soldiers . 
  * forced patriotism with the message that one 's country is superior . 
  * news reporting that borders on propaganda . 
  * constant wars , often with a flimsy excuse . 
  * covert ops that have the goal of destabilizing a country , killing opposition , or overthrowing governments or rulers that do not submit . 
  of course , there is no person cult , or making a scape goat out of a minority , and other things also differ , but the similarities are there , and enough to be concerning . 
   it is often claimed that `` trillions of gm meals '' have been eaten in the us with no ill effects . 
  however , no epidemiological studies in human populations have been carried out to establish whether there are any health effects associated with gm food consumption . 
  as gm foods are not labelled in north america , a major producer and consumer of gm crops , it is scientifically impossible to trace , let alone study , patterns of consumption and their impacts . 
  therefore , claims that gm foods are safe for human health based on the experience of north american populations have no scientific basis . 
  i 'm curious what you think about this point . 
  what 's the problem here ? 
  do you not think that they have a point ? 
   an eu research project [ 27 ] has been cited internationally as providing evidence for gm crop and food safety . 
  however , the report based on this project , `` a decade of eu-funded gmo research '' , presents no data that could provide such evidence , from long-term feeding studies in animals . 
   indeed , the project was not designed to test the safety of any single gm food , but to focus on `` the development of safety assessment approaches '' . 
  [ 28 ] only five published animal feeding studies are referenced in the safotest section of the report , which is dedicated to gm food safety . 
  [ 29 ] none of these studies tested a commercialised gm food ; none tested the gm food for long-term effects beyond the subchronic period of 90 days ; all found differences in the gm-fed animals , which in some cases were statistically significant ; and none concluded on the safety of the gm food tested , let alone on the safety of gm foods in general . 
  therefore the eu research project provides no evidence for sweeping claims about the safety of any single gm food or of gm crops in general . 
  i also find this very strange . 
  going by the rhetoric of gmo advocates , one would that there 's some rock solid science behind the claims of gmo safety , but reality seems to be different . 
  i think islamic countries are to some degree held back by their religion , which necessarily implies that growth of islam could set europe back in similar ways . 
  this is particularly true for islam because it intentionally blurs the line between civil law and religion , whereas in europe separation of religion and state is considered an important historical achievement . 
  i think all abramic religions are backwards . 
  bronze age values are simply inappropriate . 
  none of this makes sense . 
  historically right wing extremism is tied to economical hardship . 
  see greece for a recent example . 
  see pre ww2 germany for another example . 
  the nazis gained traction after severe economic sanctions placed on germany after ww1 , and the general economic depression of the 30 's . 
   i am very curious myself as to what exactly drives people to convert to radical islam i think it 's a combination of feeling worthless and violent tendencies . 
  jihadism gives the illusion of being someone important , and way to feel superior , and it justifies/idealizes violence . 
  the same . 
  but drones seem to kill a lot of innocent civilians and `` jihadis '' that are n't actually doing any harm . 
  it 's not how they 're killed , it 's who is being killed . 
   the infighting is bizarre since all these groups have similar goals . 
  similar stated goals . 
  the real goals might be different . 
  i 've heard claims that the motivation behind some groups is actually monetary gain . 
  they can extort the population for protection money , control oil wells , receive funding from arab gulf states and other sources for fighting . 
  if they actually won , the money flow would stop . 
  this point of view is consistent with the turf war between factions and the lack of progress . 
  no wonder ukrainians want change . 
  they could do trials elsewhere , but trials in the eu will be considered more trustworthy because manipulation will be harder . 
  to be honest , i think other countries will follow the eu . 
  before another idiot claims this is n't about giving corporations more power , here is an excerpt from a critique :  isds grants foreign corporations the right to go before private trade tribunals and directly challenge government policies and actions that corporations allege reduce the value of their investments . 
  even if a new policy applies equally to domestic and foreign investors , isds allows foreign corporations to demand compensation for the absence of a `` predictable regulatory environment '' . 
   in recent years , the use of isds to challenge a diverse array of government policies has expanded dramatically . 
  inclusion of isds in free trade agreements and bilateral investment treaties has allowed corporations to file over 500 cases against 95 governments . 
  many of these cases directly attack public interest and environmental policies . 
  for the following reasons , we strongly urge you to exclude isds from ttip :  isds forces governments to use taxpayer funds to compensate corporations for public health , environmental , labor and other public interest policies and government actions : isds has been used to attack clean energy , mining , land use , health , labor , and other public interest policies . 
  in fact , of the more than $ 14 billion in the 16 claims now pending under just u.s. free trade agreements , all relate to environmental , energy , financial regulation , public health , land use and transportation policies -- not traditional trade issues . 
   increasingly , corporations are using isds to challenge non-discriminatory government measures . 
  for example , eu investors have attacked egypt 's minimum-wage increase , and a u.s. corporation has attacked the peruvian government 's decision to regulate toxic waste and close a dangerously polluting smelter under deals with isds . 
  in one of the most notorious cases , u.s. tobacco giant philip morris launched investor-state cases challenging anti-smoking laws in uruguay and australia after failing to undermine the health laws in domestic courts . 
  particularly because of the significant number of cross - registered companies in the u nited states and the eu , the number of isds attack s on public interest policies would likely increase dramatically if ttip includes isds . 
  governments must have the flexibility to put in place public interest policies without fear of trade litigation launched by corporations . 
  more in the letter : http://action.sierraclub.org/site/docserver/ttip_investment_letter_final.pdf?docid=14701, 
  have fun with your last word . 
  the whole tafta is about expanding corporate rights . 
  if you 're seriously arguing otherwise , then you 're an idiot . 
  i see no reason to expand corporate power when legal systems to handle these disputes already exist . 
   naturally , this would make governments unable to act in public interest , which is ridiculous . 
  and that 's the whole point of this neoliberalist bullshit . 
   placing corporations on the same level as nations , and allowing the former to sue the latter for alleged loss of future profits caused by policy changes if this happens , my respect for the eu will drop to zero , and i will start to vote euroskeptic parties . 
  the people that are even considering this should be fired . 
  if this goes through , expect monsanto suing various countries because they could have made more profits if only regulations were more relaxed . 
  this is utter insanity . 
  ps : this is part of the tafta trade deal , which is basically an attempt by industry lobbies to dodge regulations . 
  annexeria ... as in annexing .
