  furthermore , there should be a healthy debate about alternatives . 
  my expectations are not too high . 
  it is merely a sane way to go about things . 
  we 're talking about governments from whom we should expect competency . 
  how can one even * pretend * to help the victims when we do n't really know who actually did it is beyond me . 
  i 'm not impressed by this . 
  without evidence , it boils down to trusting the us government , which has been proven to be untrustworthy in these matters . 
  remember , they claimed , with high confidence , that saddam had wmd 's . 
  the british report acknowledges that it has n't been proven beyond reasonable doubt that assad was to blame . 
   when all of the evidence being put forward by multiple countries says that they did . 
  can you show me some of this evidence ? 
   the point was few dispute it was government forces got any sources for that ? 
  in any case , consensus is no substitute for hard proof . 
  nobody in the public has seen any proof that assad , or the syrian army is responsible . 
   the headline you 're suggesting insinuates something that 's not supported by the german intelligence being highlighted . 
  the insinuation of headline is n't supported by the findings of the german intelligence either . 
  the headline could also read `` syrian government forces may not have carried out a chemical weapons attack ... '' and it would have technically the same meaning , just insinuating the opposite . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  i thought that berlusconi having ties to the mafia was merely a rumor . 
  this is a sad joke . 
  they have no proof , and do n't care . 
  they just want to go to war for whatever reason . 
  the propaganda machine is in full swing . 
  would you mind to lay it out for us outsiders ? 
  if you want to punish whoever is responsible for the chemical attack , then you actually need to * know * who was behind it . 
  if assad was n't behind it , then attacking him will * help * the real culprits achieve their goals . 
  i 'm looking at the bigger picture ( `` same bullshit as always '' ) , and long-term effects . 
  any military intervention sets up the stage for future conflicts . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  same bullshit as always . 
  the us is destabilizing yet another country that stands in its way of control of the region . 
  remember iraq and `` weapons of mass destruction '' . 
  the chemical attack was likely a false flag operation to justify the intervention . 
  they even publicly warned syria long before to prepare the public opinion for this operation . 
  the last target of this systematic effort to control the region will be iran . 
  do they embrace his threat of harming the entire country as well ? 
  does anyone know what would be worse ? 
  government falling apart , or the government losing credibility for submitting to a criminal ? 
  in any case , i hope this exposes berlusconi as what he is even to his voters . 
  he 's threatening the entire country over one year of house arrest ( an extremely lenient punishment ) . 
  does the `` middle ground '' actually reduce the incidence of heroin addiction or promote recovery ? 
  do we actually * know * what helps in these cases ? 
  germany learned it the hard way . 
  the us never had half their country destroyed in a war , so they 're still quite fond of going to war . 
  in other words , in social matters the us is about 50-100 years behind europe , at least from an european point of view . 
  security for whom and of what type ? 
  financial security for the entities in charge of spying on citizens ? 
  security has become the boogeyman used to scare adults into submission . 
  israel is * so * concerned about peace talks . 
  italians can be very innovative . 
  they continue to surprise me with their good work . 
  it 's a shame that their government as a whole is so unstable . 
  a reminder of how flawed psychiatry is . 
  there is no objective method to diagnose something such as paranoid personality disorder , which also means that it can not be disproven either . 
  once the ~ ~ inquisitor ~ ~ psychiatrist thinks that you are ~ ~ a witch ~ ~ suffering from a disorder , it 's nearly impossible to clear the ~ ~ accusation ~ ~ diagnosis . 
  full rye , rye/wheat mix dark breads as they are popular in germany and nearby countries are the best . 
  i picture judges getting fired if they do n't fulfill their charge quota . 
  judges getting a bonus if they exceed it with a certain margin . 
  in other words , a sort of judicial `` assembly line '' with little regard for time spans required to responsibly handle cases . 
  yes , it 's a sweeping generalization and a bit of an emotional knee-jerk response , and i should know better . 
  i do however firmly belief that some things are too important to put into the hands of a for-profit organization . 
  the prospect of privatisation of the courts is quite frankly horrific . 
  i feel sorry for the uk that this is even considered by some . 
   why not ? 
  press is privatized too whenever something is privatized it goes to shit . 
  some things are just too important to put up for sale . 
  that sounds too bad to be true . 
  i agree with the general sentiment in your post , but it 's not about race or ethnicity . 
  it really is about culture , and also about the poverty and oppression in the countries some immigrants come frome . 
  if you want to get along with the society you live in then you have to accept it , and make its culture a part of your own . 
  without acceptance you can not be part of it . 
  some people are willing and capable of doing this , others are either not capable or unwilling . 
  i 'm saying this as somebody who has lived half his life in a different country than he was born in . 
  i do n't understand eurovision either . 
  a citizen is not an immigrant . 
  at least , that 's the definition i am using here . 
   see ? 
  you assume that immigrant = = muslim . 
  i 'm talking about muslims , yes . 
  i 'm making the assumption that the greater the cultural difference , the more difficult integration is . 
   but i also know for sure that i would not want to live in a france where all my friends of 2nd or 3rd generation immigrants would be absent . 
  yes , indeed , france would be poorer without their skills . 
  hold on . 
  i 'm talking about expelling criminal immigrants from the country . 
   second , third , fourth generation immigrant still do not feel integrated in france . 
  that sounds like you are suggesting that muslims not integrating is the fault of the french . 
  i 'm not so sure about that , it goes at least both ways . 
  on a more pragmatic level it is also irrelevant what the cause is . 
  if integration is too difficult , then we need to recognize this fact instead of pointing fingers and hoping that somehow things will get better on their own . 
  if integration programs also fail , then i 'm absolutely for expelling criminal immigrants out of the country ( i 'm not french by the way ) because it 's better for everyone that way . 
  never trust `` science '' that is n't based on measurable criteria because it 's only opinion in a lab coat . 
  non-profit oriented , non-drug oriented research into the cause and prevention of chronic diseases . 
  research for clean and cheap energy generation . 
  job-oriented education programs . 
  not sure why people are reacting to that . 
  you 're just going to get olive oil from the bottle it was sold in . 
  many restaurants already do this and it 's cleaner than some jug that gets reused for years . 
  it 's not going to increase prices or have any negative effect on you , as far as i can tell . 
  how are they justifying this ? 
  do they expect to get into firefights or something ?
