  not hitler 's playbook , no . 
  autocrats are prone to losing touch with reality when they have too much power or surround themselves only with those who confirm their every belief . 
  there are many historical and recent examples . 
  so yes , the average person can sometimes judge the situation better than those in power . 
  i think putin is mildly deluded . 
  this was merkel 's opinion after meeting him and it seems to make sense . 
  i think it refers to this :  by day , he buries the dead . 
  he says even handling the deceased is risky . 
  `` sometimes i worry what these polluted bodies are doing to the environment , too , '' he says . 
  `` the undertakers do n't want to touch them . 
  they are toxic even in the grave . 
  you sound like an american who mistakenly thinks he can speak for the users here . 
  by the way , a liberal in europe is someone who supports free trade , low taxes , and a small government , etc. , and is on the right of the political spectrum . 
  what about casu marzu ? 
  the cheese with live maggots and their excrement in it . 
  unless it 's a head shot , the victim will not die instantly but rather move its limbs in agony . 
  a small difference in the foot 's position does n't mean anything . 
  blood seems to be missing though and one would expect quite a bit from several bullet wounds that would surely be delivered to make sure the victim has no chance to fire back . 
  the lack of visible blood could be the perspective though . 
  you seem to hold the misconception that mental illness can generally be fixed . 
  since you brought up the broken leg example , what we can do today for the mentally ill is , generally speaking , comparable to giving painkillers to somebody with a broken leg . 
  it does n't fix anything , but suppresses some of the more prominent symptoms . 
  `` work benefits '' ? 
  you seem to have only faint understanding . 
  this is about disability benefits made available to people who are found to be unable to work . 
  this is what social security is for . 
  a supporting family might not exist , and mental hospitals are not there to feed and house anyone with a psychiatric diagnosis . 
  what exactly are you trying to say ? 
  the problem was not a lack of diagnosis . 
  the problem is the company in charge of work capability assessments . 
  do n't forget the roman ruins . 
  is berlusconi pulling renzi 's strings ? 
  italy has some very talented researchers . 
  it 's a shame the degenerate politicians are too busy fighting each rather than implementing reforms . 
  so why is this bad ? 
  selling monopolies is a terrible idea . 
  privatization works only when theres 's a healthy competition . 
  accepting the offer would probably have been seen as betrayal by protesters . 
  new elections is also probably more likely to lead to the results the protesters are hoping for . 
  that 's a rather odd way to look at it . 
  one can appreciate how russians say what they think in a straightforward manner . 
  i 've noticed this on several occasions . 
  that said , the ukrainians have a right to decide for themselves . 
  i 'm shocked to learn natural resources play a role . 
  probably given to him by saudi arabia . 
  they 're sponsoring the armed opposition groups in syria , and bought stg-77 rifles in the past . 
  either that or he took it from the syrian army . 
  here is a site that helps you understand the questions and filling out the form : http://copywrongs.eu/, 
  freud ? 
  a cocaine addicted quack that privately called his patients scum and admitted that he had never cured anyone while publicly stating the contrary . 
  which means approximately :  the patients are scum . 
  the only useful purposes they serve are to help us earn a living and to provide learning material . 
  in any case , we can not help them . 
  freud in a letter to ferenczi . 
  culturally and geographically the british are european , politically not so much . 
  i suspect british euroscepticism has mainly political roots . 
  we need to transition into sustainable industrial and agricultural practices on all levels . 
  it 's common sense . 
  pollution and pesticide usage can not increase forever , waste can not accumulate forever , biodiversity can not decrease forever , oil will not last forever ( it 's not just important for fuels but also agriculture ) . 
  one thing i really appreciate of the eu is that there is awareness of these issues and there 's real willingness to confront these problems . 
  very good decision . 
  this will make it harder for pharmaceutical industries to hide the possible ineffectiveness or side effects of their products . 
   2009  a person attempted to set the southern merchants ' goat on fire the night of 7 december . 
  an unsuccessful attempt was made to throw the natural science club 's goat into the river the weekend of 11 december . 
  the culprit then tried , again without success , to set the goat on fire . 
  someone stole the natural science club 's goat utilizing a truck the night of 14 december . 
  on the night of 23 december before 04:00 the south merchant goat was set on fire and was burned to the frame , even though it had a thick layer of snow on its back . 
  the goat had two online webcams which were put out of service by a dos attack , instigated by computer hackers just before the burning . 
  they should just go with the flow and make burning the goat a tradition . 
  i sincerely hope that snowden will speak to the eu parliament . 
  surveillance is out of control . 
  i also think that this is a good point :  i n't veld said that she believed american businesses were more understanding of european citizens ' privacy concerns than members of the u.s. congress . 
  `` privacy is the new ` green . ', 
  when you see companies advertising that they are in a so-called ` e.u. 
  cloud , ' you know u.s. companies are going to worry , '' she added . 
  there 's an opportunity here to expand the eu it sector . 
  the us it sector has already suffered due to privacy concerns . 
  that kind of stuff . 
  shooting like rambo without aiming . 
  shooting the guy next to you in the hand . 
  filming his own death while pointing the camera at a tank barrel . 
  shooting at a jet fighter with assault rifles thinking they can hit it . 
  it actually means `` god is greatest '' . 
  they are using it as battle cry . 
  when bad things happen , the camera men often say `` allahu akbar '' followed by the same words , which i assume are verses from the quran . 
  so they do come across as extremely religious . 
  hardly a surprise to anyone who has watched some of the videos by rebels on liveleak.com . 
  they have no training and hardly an idea of what they 're doing . 
  a lot of them are kids that just want to fire assault rifles . 
  most are extremely religious judging by the constant `` allahu akbar '' in response to everything in these videos , and i would n't be surprised if they really believe they 're going to get their 72 virgins in paradise . 
  religion offers a loaned identity and a purpose in life to those who lack either . 
  you 're starting to sound more reasonable now . 
  please do not try to label opponents of nuclear power as irrational ignorants that act solely on feelings . 
  can you outline a solution for nuclear waste that does n't involve just burying it somewhere and hoping that it never causes problems for future generations ? 
  can you say with a straight face that nuclear power is completely safe ? 
  there 's a running joke that 's been around since the 60 's : that fusion power is always 20 years away . 
  except that today it 's more like 50 years away . 
  maybe . 
  sanity is shimmering through . 
  i 'm glad this subreddit exists .
