  it 's rare to see a civil and educated discussion on capitalism and socialism on reddit . 
  probably on the recommendation of a psychiatrist who is just as crazy as his patients . 
  poland can into space ? 
  one can always hope . 
  i suspect he will be more vulnerable to further sentences now . 
  probably merely a pretext to introduce some unrelated laws which would otherwise difficult to pass . 
  does n't the un have anything better to do ? 
  fructose is healthier than sucrose as long as we 're talking about small amounts for the reason mentioned in the article . 
  in larger amount fructose is converted more rapidly to fat than sucrose though . 
  the us obesity epidemic is in part related to excessively large amounts of fructose ( not that other forms in the same quantities would be acceptable ) . 
  in any case , the best is to avoid sugary drinks entirely . 
  since the sugar is dissolved in a liquid , it is absorbed much more rapidly compared to solid foods where it is mixed with other things that slow down digestion and absorption . 
  it 's a barbaric and backwards custom , fitting for a bronze age desert tribe believing in a god that demands blood sacrifices . 
   financial markets have reacted positively to the survival of letta 's government , with yields on italian 10-year bonds falling to 4.3 percent , the same as before the crisis erupted . 
  seems like the markets are reacting to political instability rather than to berlusconi . 
  oh you . 
  how can you make so much sense . 
  did n't somebody try to kill him once ? 
  nice response , much better than i could have done . 
  it 's called narcissism . 
   hotchkiss identified what she called the seven deadly sins of narcissism  shamelessness : shame is the feeling that lurks beneath all unhealthy narcissism , and the inability to process shame in healthy ways . 
   magical thinking : narcissists see themselves as perfect , using distortion and illusion known as magical thinking . 
  they also use projection to dump shame onto others . 
   arrogance : a narcissist who is feeling deflated may reinflate by diminishing , debasing , or degrading somebody else . 
   envy : a narcissist may secure a sense of superiority in the face of another person 's ability by using contempt to minimize the other person . 
   entitlement : narcissists hold unreasonable expectations of particularly favorable treatment and automatic compliance because they consider themselves special . 
  failure to comply is considered an attack on their superiority , and the perpetrator is considered an `` awkward '' or `` difficult '' person . 
  defiance of their will is a narcissistic injury that can trigger narcissistic rage . 
   exploitation : can take many forms but always involves the exploitation of others without regard for their feelings or interests . 
  often the other is in a subservient position where resistance would be difficult or even impossible . 
  sometimes the subservience is not so much real as assumed . 
   bad boundaries : narcissists do not recognize that they have boundaries and that others are separate and are not extensions of themselves . 
  others either exist to meet their needs or may as well not exist at all . 
  those who provide narcissistic supply to the narcissist are treated as if they are part of the narcissist and are expected to live up to those expectations . 
  in the mind of a narcissist there is no boundary between self and other . 
  people who do n't have foreskins ca n't tell how ridiculous this notion is . 
  they think the foreskin makes things really complicated , because that 's what they have been told . 
   nobody is holding a gun to a country 's head forcing them to use usd . 
  yes , they send an invasion force instead . 
  iraq and lybia both wanted to stop trading oil in petrodollars . 
  worcestershire = wuus-t\u0259r-sheer, 
  yes . 
  english is easy to learn , but pronunciation is difficult . 
  i write in american english because i 'm more exposed to it than british english , but like british english accents and pronunciation more . 
  it could also push ukraine towards the eu . 
  i got lots of social democrats , some greens . 
  at the bottom of my list were conservatives and christian democrats . 
  nothing he does makes any sense . 
  the head shot was n't an accident , he also shot a police man in the head . 
  and why kill a hostage ? 
  i think he has decided to die and wants to take as many with him as possible . 
  language diversity will decrease , it 's a natural consequence of an open world . 
  different languages only exist because people lived in isolation . 
  i already can not adequately speak about certain topics without making heavy use of english words ( for example programming ) . 
  i think this trend will continue . 
  whether we like it or not , english will continue to become more and more widespread , and local languages will continue to fall more and more behind . 
  greece was under ottoman control from 1453 ( fall of constantinople ) until the revolution in 1821 . 
  my grandparents had one of these . 
  a print of it at least . 
  in the west , how many women are verbally , physically abused , disfigured or killed for not trying to be beautiful ? 
  i agree that society puts some pressure on women ( and men ) , but it 's not even remotely on the same level . 
  clearly , i do n't share your view . 
  it 's perfectly acceptable for me to criticize a religion based on how it actually expresses itself rather than how someone thinks it should ideally be expressed . 
  i also recall the the koran is quite contemptuous towards women in some parts . 
  you do n't think this could in any way be related to women being oppressed in islamic cultures ? 
  religion is an integral part of the systematic oppression . 
  so the women are free to wear the clothing they wish ? 
  no matter how impractical in hot weather , or for instance , when swimming ? 
  no , you 're just mistaken . 
  history is one thing , the present another . 
  it is a tool of oppression that is imposed on them because abrahamic religions hate women . 
  after reading the comments here , i agree that it is a good decision . 
  segregation on religious grounds would be a step towards islamization . 
  separation of religion and state is something i regard highly . 
  besides , islamic women 's clothing is oppressive . 
  i like this guy . 
  he 's always made a positive impression with his speech . 
  so . . how does whale taste ? 
  schnitzel is better than costoletta in my totally unbiased opinion . 
  pork is better than beef when prepared in this way . 
  south korea is surprisingly high placed . 
  i thought asians had low alcohol tolerance ? 
  apparently not koreans . 
  why do you repeat the false statement that nobody could possibly supply rebels with chemical weapons ? 
  that 's just blatantly false . 
  what do you make of articles such as these ? 
  do you exclude the possibility that the rebels could have been supplied with these weapons ? 
  if so , on what basis ? 
  what do you make of articles such as these ? 
  that 's about an un investigator saying that it was the rebels who used sarin . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-22424188 as to how anyone could think that rebels had the capacity to launch chemical attacks , you are aware that they are being supplied arms by saudi arbaia , a country not exactly known for a clean human rights record ? 
  hindsight is 20/20 . 
  if anyone has hard evidence incriminating assad , they should present it to the un security council . 
  until this happens , there is absolutely no reason to believe that any such evidence exists . 
  the link works fine for me . 
  posting to provide an alternative narrative to that being presented by interventionists . 
  these articles also challenge their rather one-sided narrative : [ 12 us intelligence officials tell obama it was n't assad ] ( http://www.washingtonsblog.com/2013/09/12-u-s-intelligence-officials-tell-obama-it-wasnt-assad.html ) [ intelligence on weapons no ` slam dunk ' ] ( http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/u/us_united_states_syria_intelligence_doubts ) [ top chemical weapons expert highly skeptical of u.s. case against syrian government ] ( http://www.washingtonsblog.com/2013/09/exclusive-top-chemical-weapons-expert-says-syrian-deaths-could-have-been-caused-by-industrial-accident.html ), 
  it is useful to look back at iraq wmd debacle . 
  us government officials claimed that it was certain that iraq had wmds , but never presented any evidence either . 
  before military intervention is justified , evidence should be presented that proves , beyond reasonable doubt , that assad is indeed to blame .
