  it seems over the top . 
  police carrying firearms is fine as long as they 're used responsibly and only as last resort which seems to generally be the case . 
  now the us on the other hand ... 
  it makes you look like a person that needs to compensate for something . 
  another bot . 
  bayer has a website to educate the public on honey bee health , the benefits of neonicotinoids , and the misconception that pesticides are related to poor bee health . 
  they blame colony collapse on everything except pesticides basically . 
  it 's useful to add some context . 
  lung cancer is predicted to cause nearly 280 000 deaths in the eu in 2015 , about 20 % of all cancer deaths . 
  http://annonc.oxfordjournals.org/content/early/2015/01/24/annonc.mdv001.full 90 % of lung cancers are caused by smoking cigarettes . 
  even smoking occasionally increases the risk . 
  smoking can cause cancer almost anywhere in the body , but the lungs are more often affected . 
  http://www.cdc.gov/cancer/lung/basic_info/risk_factors.htm this is why i find the thought of big tobacco being able to influence legislation concerning cigarettes unacceptable . 
  you seem to be a ttip supporter . 
  can you explain why you think that the benefits of allowing companies to sue a country for these reasons outweigh the drawbacks ? 
  the only `` benefit '' i can think of precisely that of forcing lawmakers to consider the impact of their actions more carefully - but now you 're telling this effect is nothing but an allegation . 
  i write `` benefit '' because it could also be viewed as detrimental effect . 
  the mere possibility of legal action already has a detrimental effect . 
  if a country takes action against a dangerous addictive drug and the producer loses profits , so what ? 
  they should have known better than to sell such a problematic product without expecting consequences in the first place . 
  if it turns out that cigarettes eventually become unprofitable , that 's great . 
  the market has spoken . 
  now produce something useful for society rather than trying to fight for your right to harm society . 
   critics of the trade talks , which centre on reducing the regulatory barriers to international trade for big business , said the documents back up fears that ttip will allow tobacco giants to take legal action against the uk and other european governments who attempt to tighten smoking legislation . 
   so-called `` big tobacco '' firms have already used similar legislation to sue countries around the world : philip morris used a comparable trade treaty to take legal action against australia over mandatory plain cigarette packaging and is also suing uruguay in a $ 25m lawsuit over its attempts to enlarge health warnings on cigarette packets . 
  ttip supporters should be checked for brain tumors . 
  cigarettes are an addictive drug that kills people . 
  and now the drug dealers want the right to sue countries that attempt to reduce this problem . 
  if you think the point of this is n't to enrich a few fat fucks at the expense of everyone else then you 're delusional . 
  according to the video it 's about distributing the force of impact because it can still be lethal even if the bullet does n't penetrate the armor . 
  [ prescription drugs associated with reports of violence towards others ] ( http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0015337 ) also http://ssristories.org/, 
  before calling for more mental health measures , consider that there is some suspicion that antidepressants can make people go on a murderous rampage and similar things . 
  i wonder whether he was on antidepressants at the time . 
  depression alone is n't sufficient to explain this behaviour in my opinion . 
  people fighting for the right to continue poisoning the population because it 's more profitable than the alternative . 
  greed is going to be the downfall of our civilization . 
  `` stop forcing my hand . '', 
  the correct translation would be `` especially male muslims have no respect for the police '' . 
  the most bizarre european food is without a doubt rotten cheese with live larvae : casu marzu . 
  so disgusting that it 's illegal according to eu hygiene and safety law . 
  nations that only feel safe from russia by joining nato is merely the consequence of russia 's foreign policy . 
  this may yet prove to be a blessing for europe . 
  my feeling is that brexit , trump , rise of the populist right reflect a growing dissatisfaction with the establishment . 
  trumps victory makes it very clear that it 's time for the establishment to ask themselves why they are losing to idiots in the political arena and make the necessary changes . 
  i want competent people to make the necessary reforms , not lying populists . 
  lithuania : suicide ouch . 
  the results of 5 minutes of googling , with no prior knowledge of the topic : germany ranks low on dyslexia rates . 
  some researchers think dyslexia arises from inconsistent grapheme to phoneme mapping at the language level ( that is , the same written letters can be pronounced in multiple ways ) . 
  english is much more inconsistent than other european languages in this regard , and dyslexia rates are high . 
  you need more foxes and owls . 
  they are mouse murdering machines . 
  this looks like southern france or north italy . 
  maybe mediterranean spain or the adriatic . 
  the vegetation suggests its not too far in the south where it 's drier and hotter . 
  the content of religion is imaginary , just like the earthquake and the damage it has caused , right ? 
  it seems that you have run out of arguments , 
   the government 's defence of the burkini ban rests on worries about religious tension and public order after recent terrorist attacks , coupled with two underlying principles . 
  the first is la\u00efcit\u00e9 , a strict form of secularism enshrined by law in 1905 after a struggle against authoritarian catholicism . 
  this principle is supposed to keep religion out of public life , and has been the basis of previous french bans : on the headscarf ( and other `` conspicuous '' religious symbols , including the jewish kippah and oversized crucifixes ) in state schools ( in 2004 ) , and the face-covering niqab in all public places ( in 2010 ) . 
  the other principle is women 's equality . 
  it may appear bizarre , or frivolous , to argue that women should bare more flesh . 
  but many on the french left in particular regard the need to protect women from a male-imposed doctrine as being at stake -- and are willing to put it even before liberty , another founding value of republican france . 
  the logic of the burkini , says laurence rossignol , the socialist women 's minister , is to `` hide women 's bodies in order better to control them . '' http://www.economist.com/blogs/economist-explains/2016/08/economist-explains-19?fsrc=scn/tw/once, 
  nobody is preventing them from enjoying the beach , except the brainwashing . 
  it 's a cult , and they are brainwashed to think , feel and behave in a certain way . 
  similar to the jehova 's witnesses and other sects . 
  the oppression is precisely in the brainwashing . 
  again , there 's no way they wear it because it 's comfortable . 
  the endless rationalizations that people come up with to defend their backwards culture . 
  they do n't wear it because it 's comfortable . 
  they wear it because they must . 
  let that sink in for a moment before going on talking about how the burkini gives them freedom . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/appeasement can backfire horribly though . 
  recently a two year old girl in italy was hospitalized for severe nutrient deficiencies , caused by a vegan diet . 
  this law is probably a reaction to that . 
  extreme beliefs often mistaken for insanity http://medicine.missouri.edu/news/20160523-extreme-beliefs-mistaken-for-insanity.php, 
  yes . 
  the attacker was mad . 
  no connection to terrorism or religion or any relation to immigration policies at all here . 
  just madness . 
  now move along please . 
  the left and center parties have no plan , that 's why people vote far right . 
  can we finally have a talk on immigration and muslims without constant fear of racism ? 
  while it 's funny , it also reflects poorly on may . 
  she comes across as playing some sort of game , while this is a serious matter . 
  redneck gun nut mentality here in europe ? 
  learn something new every day . 
  i 'm with the greeks on this one . 
  the republic of macedonia is a bunch of slavs that had an identity crisis and decided they would borrow an identity from ancient macedonia . 
  in the article , they argue that the arguments by the american doctors are culturally biased . 
  lack of consent . 
  a baby can not give consent . 
  a baby is not property of the parents , to do with as they please . 
  while american and jewish docs like to talk about medical benefits , european docs find these arguments unconvincing and onesided and conclude that the risks outweight the benefits http://pediatrics.aappublications.org/content/pediatrics/early/2013/03/12/peds.2012-2896.full.pdf 3 . 
  causes unnecessary pain to babies , and irreversible loss of nerve endings . 
  it can disfigure the penis permanently ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/skin_bridge ) and can cause death via infection or blood loss . 
  has its roots in superstition . 
  here is a paper on the medical aspects of circumcision , written by european doctors : http://pediatrics.aappublications.org/content/pediatrics/early/2013/03/12/peds.2012-2896.full.pdf tl ; dr : circumcision has no compelling health benefits , causes postoperative pain , can have serious long term consequences , violates un child rights and the hippocratic oath . 
  also , circumcision can result in deformation of the penis , and things like bits of left over foreskin reattaching to the glans . 
  there is no medical justification for routine circumcision .
