  i do n't know if those comments about mommy doing nothing are just an american thing because of the `` liberalism '' there is in the usa . 
  even now ( i am 23 y/o ) when i visit my parent 's house , if they ask me to do something i 'll do it without asking `` why ? 
  '' , not because i am afraid of them but because i love them and respect them too much like to do something shitty in front of them . 
  and again , you are missing the point of my comment . 
  physically abuse ? 
  i am not saying that she has to hit her daughter just for her to understand something . 
  my point is , if you live at home with mommy and daddy you follow their rules and if her mom was a human being worth some respect , she should not be disrespecting her the way she is doing it right now , by bringing guys to fuck her while her mom is on the next room , especially because those guys are n't her boyfriend . 
  you want to make mistakes , go do them somewhere else but if you are living here you have to respect my boundaries . 
  and he got gold still xd fuck this world, 
  any advice for an student that wants to design multi-million $ projects ? 
  yeah haha same thought . . 
  it sucks being german , you ca n't wear nice things :(, 
  as a non american , every person who loves freedom is an american . . 
  so yeah , i am an american !, 
  germany murica'ed them xd, 
  never ... 
  ignore the `` like you '' at the end , you do n't want to offend her , you are trying to solve the problem , not make it bigger . 
  and the cat from behind thinking `` i should buy a boat '' . 
  so much salt on this thread !, 
  rip your reddit account :(, 
  they hate us cus they ai n't us, 
  your comment pisses me off so much . 
  `` i 've seen guys in latin america take a piss in the middle of the road without any concerns . '', 
  - what does that have to do with anything ? 
  how is that relevant with having a big/small dick ? 
  people has to piss dude and we are n't living in the usa were you can find a gas station every 20-30 minutes . 
  the only difference between your country and mine is that here the salaries are lower but it compensates with things being cheaper . 
  people in other countries ( at least in mine ) have the same problems you have , nothing changes . 
  but chicharito may not play today to save the game :(, 
  you are talking about suicide , there will always be something wrong with someone who think about suiciding . . do n't you think ? 
  as other people said , you need therapy right now , not tomorrow , not next week but right now dude . . 
  now tell me , what is wrong with waiting a few years to get married ? 
  why you jump from a failed marriage to another one ? 
  edit . 
  a woman can be a bro too , it 's in the bro code . 
  but yeah , that 's not a bro night . 
  i know , twitch chat is half the experience . 
  if you are asking yourself if you should do it , then you probably should not . 
  yeah 'd , it 'd be 'd great 'd m8 'd, 
  that 's because c9 is better at playing vs koreans than tsm , we all know that . 
  yeah , i mean they call wildturtle the best adc in na , but you are not the best if you are inconsistent . 
  and dyrus getting camped every fucking time he plays international competitions . 
  he said overrated lol, 
  i am a dude , and i do n't understand why so many guys like to do it with their partner ... 
  i do n't like my dick smelling like poop , why is it appealing to other guys ? 
  * sigh *, 
  hey , we need some drama on r/relationships from time to time . . haha, 
  herpes, 
  to be fair , c9 has beenthe only western hope since m5 stopped existing :p, 
  and yet people complain why this subreddit always jumps on the break up train . . * sigh *, 
  mexico has a penis xd, 
  well , that could backfire because she may get pregnant or something like that . 
  2,3,4 pictures are fine !, 
  do n't worry !, 
  try not to put selfies on your profile , 
  i remember that . . some say the anti-christ was born when that happened . 
  hahaa it 's so contagious, 
  but not the one na deserve right now . 
  i want a border collie , i want to buy one in my b-day :d !, 
  meanwhile tsm flairs disappeared as water in california . 
  just embarrasing for madrid fans ... 
  here in mexico we love american football ... 
  i guess it 's because we are neighbors xd, 
  at least you did n't kill anyone , driving and texting causes more accident than driving drunk . 
  does it fucking matter ? 
  just enjoy it m8, 
  i got a hook up with a girl on tinder but it depends which part on mexico you are going to live at . 
  capital cities must have a lot of girls that use that app but when i travel to smaller cities there is less oportunities to meet someone that way . 
  i would recommend you joining a club , probably taking some spanish ( languages ) clases at the local universities , girls love americans so you should n't have problem getting to know one !, 
  girls are friendly too in the us ... what makes you think girls will instantly reject you if you talk to them being there ? 
  i bet you have never been in usa anyway . 
  not all guys who play videogames are the same , i play videogames and i 'd drop any game any time if the girl i love wanted to see me or talk to me . . 
  i hope you know that . 
  that 's why i come to this subreddit !, 
  but hitler killed hitler , so the kid was an asshole still for trying to hurt the person who killed hitler . 
  if every poster on this subreddit did the same we would n't have our daily dose of drama , though . 
  you can still pull the ap shyvana tho, 
  literally, 
  nobody says that when i live . 
  it sounds ... weird . 
  spanish communities in the us have different manners though , but that does n't mean it sounds good still . 
  do n't say it . 
  dude . 
  note . 
  just call her `` gorda '' if she is not fat . 
  i do n't think it 's related to her age . 
  it seems like her family raised her having a different perspective of money than his . 
  ask her where are you going and just go . 
  dress according to the situation and just try to be friendly with everyone , not just her . 
  enjoy your date , that 's all . 
  that even looks like the north of mexico , that 's why i thought he was on texas :p, 
  you got to keep texas though , the winner always write the history . 
  you ca n't post a comment like that and do n't post the link . 
  capitalism ; :d, 
  i 've seen parts where it is 200-300m wide , i put it in metric system because fuck you . 
  i have to disagree with you , it 's just offensive to racist mexicans who ca n't get shit from americans or actual wet-backs who blam it on racism . 
  for me it 's just an expression just like we use gringos or pochos ( for mexican-americans ) . 
  `` 3rd world country '' . 
  have you ever been in mexico to classify it as a third world country ? 
  i guess not :p,
