  how many minutes did he play in his last games at united ? 
  salty european fans lmao, 
  `` look at me !!, 
  i have a hot white girlfriend ! '', 
  awww thank you < 3, 
  ha de ser marianass xd, 
  so is reddit xd, 
  and c9 has the best shotcaller in the west , actually . 
  war over religious beliefs is the most stupid thing to ever exist . 
  aaaaaand it happened again xd, 
  if more people were like him we would n't have the sweet drama going on on this subreddit xd, 
  learn from this guy, 
   would of, 
  sorry but it is `` would have '' or `` would 've '', 
  i may get downvoted here but i think most of the people who think you did something wrong do n't even have a partner ... 
  they are like a white knight who would never leave a girl behind . . but fuck that , that 's not how real life works xd, 
  you make a mistake and you learn from it . . hopefully your wife will learn from her mistakes . . 
  great for you dude !, 
  btw he said a spanish word that means fag , which one was it ? 
  i am mexican and i fucking hope these people are n't mexican too ... 
  fuck them , i need no one but my chichadios !, 
  * thanks and fuck you vg, 
  omg u stalker !, 
  how did u know i had a mexican flair ? 
  hey do n't talk to him like that you shit, 
  / r/relationships has convinced me to never have a threesome , ever . . thanks for reminding me that !, 
  you will do better dude , do n't feel bad !, 
  changed it again to my original team xd, 
  since the first time i visited the u.s. 
  i thought that mexico is like usa but poorer . 
  what can you say about this ? 
  i heard a lot of those when i went to silao/leon haha , the first time i got scared because i thought it was a real bomb , then my brother told me that churches do that almost daily and i got used to it . 
  i stood there 2 weeks and then came back to northern mexico where i live . 
  did n't miss the `` cuetes '', 
  i am not referring to culture . 
  i refer to infrastructure . 
  because it is too real ... 
  `` okkk , i 'll do it ! '', 
  how can she mature ?? 
  ayyy, 
  you do n't need our help !, 
  you got this !, 
  it could always be worse . . at least you are not cruz azul xd, 
  socialism is good . . 
  edit . 
  \u00bf c\u00faal creen que sea el mayor problema de la sociedad mexicana ? 
  santificada sea tu t\u00e9cnica ,, 
  am\u00e9n . 
  - anonymous facebook user, 
  there they are !, 
  amen, 
  most likely, 
  that 's the nightmare of good politicians . 
  so a problem got solved with communication ? 
  what sorcery is this ? 
  are we really at / r/relationships ? 
  haha ... not since sir alex left . 
  not anymore ... 
  it 's just downhill from here dude, 
  i 'd say guanajuato because i visit there pretty often and i love the place  great food , good night life and a lot of museums and other things !, 
  bombon valle, 
  that would be a great name for a character in a mexican soap opera, 
  the only one that matters !, 
  it 's like the mexican variation of that meme, 
  mexicans get offended by everything . . 
  source : i am mexican, 
  xd u are the kind of person who believes all that bullshit, 
  you are latina or spanish ? 
  yeah , we have a big sense of family union here . . : /, 
  do n't feel bad . . a lot of people on this sub just think it 's easier to drop your family as they do n't hold the same family values we do . . which are n't better or worse , just different . 
  i think it is because there is less money in these countries and so you have to rely more in family sometimes and so perpetuating the values ... 
  i mean , i do n't approve it . 
  i 've dropped family for less than that . . 
  it 's just that i think i can understand why it is hard for her to not kick her sister out of her life . 
  cholos = / = mexican, 
  dude , you are a foreigner in m\u00e9xico , mexican girls love that . 
  join a club or something and go out . 
  the world is not over . 
  you are in one of the best countries in the world :d enjoy it . 
  my differential equations ' teacher is like your boyfriend , just add communist and there you go !, 
  he has been divorced three times xd, 
  i like to do things that are ethically right , but the problem here is that you ca n't change the system going against it , like your boyfriend and my teacher try to do . 
  but you ca n't and wo n't change their mind . 
  my differential equations ' teacher is like your boyfriend , just add communist and there you go !, 
  he has been divorced three times xd, 
  i like to do things that are ethically right , but the problem here is that you ca n't change the system going against it , like your boyfriend and my teacher try to do . 
  but you ca n't and wo n't change their mind . 
  tell that to drunk me !, 
  haha, 
  it is called `` amateur/real porn '', 
  it 's fucked up what capitalism do to people , yeah , capitalism . 
  they were criminals too , that doesnt justify killing and burning them though, 
  then teach your kid not to be such a fucking idiot, 
  mexico does n't suck o.o, 
  keepo, 
  edit . 
  chairo detected, 
  b-boys do this pretty often , i am a fat guy now but when i danced i used to see people doing it , i tried it myself but i never was that good , obviously with practice and a lot of work out you can pull that one like it was nothing . 
  like those damn tacos with crunchy tortilla ... they are called tostadas in the first place :@, 
  it 's not about the shape , if you know the meaning of tostada then you would understand .
