  a tostada can have the shape of an airplane and still be a tostada . 
  yeah , that 's pretty common in these countries i guess . 
  are you sure it 's not about money other than culture ?? 
  it 's pretty common that women here in mexico are encouraged to marry a man with a degree or a good job/money, 
  it happens to everyone here too . 
  when i told my friend i wanted to be a researcher he said `` researchers are nothing '' ( literal translation ) . 
  that 's when i knew he was not someone i wanted to have in my life . 
  when i traveled to usa americans treated me different . 
  you know what people say about us mexicans being treated badly there ?? 
  it was totally different for me , americans were very welcoming . 
  i was kind of rare for them because i am educated and speak the language properly even though i 've never lived in the us before . 
  on the other hand , mexicans would see me like an spoiled kid because i drive a new car which i did n't get until the last year ( i grew up being poor ) . 
  my point is , our community ( latinos ) value shallow and material things more than anything . 
  not all of us , but most i think : /, 
  i saw an interview to a lol pro player and the guy ( dyrus ) said that relationships ( girlfriends ) fuck up pro player 's careers xd, 
  you must think what is more important to you . 
   so she went to stay at her parents and told me to call her when i 'm ready to talk . 
  `` hey , i am ready to talk . 
  i want the divorce . '', 
  it is not !, 
  coincidences happen dude . 
  do n't let this people tell you that guy is creepy , he seems like a good guy . 
  i think these people saying he is being creepy do it because they 've done something like that before haha, 
  we hope you can post it here and not in r/whatcouldgowrong, 
  hey , me too !, 
  2 to 1 is being optimistic hahaha, 
  it probably is 5 to 1, 
  as a mexican i fear clinton more than trump . 
  even in your own mouth ? 
  lmao, 
  that 's what john snow said and see how it ended !, 
  this comment made me realize why you do n't have any friends . 
  do n't judge people . 
  lmao ... no . 
  tell him to stop masturbating, 
  i know . 
  i do n't know what they teach in history classes in the us but here in mexico everyone knows ( or should know ) that those states wanted to be part of the united states . 
  they would 've join them somehow later without the need of a war . 
  but that would n't be the last time the us provoked a war for the sake of economic control , they have been doing it for at least 100 years . 
  damn bro , i hope europeans accept us mexican refugees when trump start a war agains mexico for some stupid reason . 
  i really hope so . 
  as i mexican i can tell you . 
  i do n't want to die . 
  do n't let any of those ( hillary/trump ) win . 
  hillary wo n't go to war against mexico but trump could . 
  i actually think they are . 
  when i went to the usa they treated me very well . 
  unlike mexican-americans who were really racist to me haha irony . . 
  mexico has a better economy than spain , you arguments are stupid and ignorant . 
  you are so ignorant xd sure , whatever you say !, 
  there is no point is discussing with you :p you are clearly so blindsided by your hate against mexicans somehow . 
  get some help, 
  ohh honey :(, 
  will you keep protecting your sister until one of you die ? 
  look , you are enabling her , and you are n't doing any well to her or yourself . 
  she thinks she is an adult , let her take responsibility as an adult should, 
  why not just make a small ceremony in a church ? 
  i do n't know if you are religious but it is always good to have your family 's blessing . 
  i am an atheist but my family is catholic , i would have a blessing in a catholic church without they asking for it because it would be like a tradition , i was born and raised catholic and love it . 
  i jus do n't believe in religion . 
   * i do n't like to drink and when i do i feel like a total alcoholic and that i am losing control of my good judgment capability . 
  are you me ? 
  the fact that he dates a super model does n't help with these neck beards, 
  yeah !!, 
  i do n't understand why people hate him . 
  it 's like the america team in mexico , you either hate him or love him , no middle point . 
  it seems like your girlfriend was trying to leave you and wanted to have a reason to do it . 
  do n't go back to her dude , have some self respect . 
  and the escort did n't fuck with your life . 
  your girlfriend did . 
  stop putting the blame on other people and blame the one who made this all happen . 
  read the title again and see if what you wrote is ok . . 
  i am not american , can you explain the 4 % thing ? 
  it seems like she is waiting to see if she can find someone better . 
  sorry dude , the best advice i can give you is : let her go . 
  tell her you ca n't be friends anymore because of the feelings you have for her , let her miss you , let her see that you wo n't be there if she does n't put effort from her part . 
  it 's up to you if you give her a chance when she comes back crawling to you . 
  mexico has one of the best economies in the world ( # 14 ) and is constantly growing . 
  the problem with mexico and its industrial growth is inequality . 
  it is becoming the united states . 
  what the fuck ? 
  why should he be supportive and comfort her ? 
  she seems like a good girl who fucked up badly , hopefully she learned a lesson and his father is in every right to be angry at her . 
  el vs h2k today was pretty bad too , the counter-baron throw, 
  one can only pray, 
   my girlfriend did n't unfollow me on social media and i 'm posting as many pictures as i possibly can . 
  one of the only scenarios where not deleting someone on facebook works xd, 
  he was right !, 
  but the spanish people did n't kill the entire mexican population as the british did in the us . 
  mexico spend billions on social programs , that 's why we have social security and free college education . 
  then again , who is the first world country ? 
  yeah , i live 6 hours away from the border with texas, 
  i spend yearly 1,000 usd in clothes/electronics when i travel to houston or san antonio xd, 
  these people in r/worldnews is stupid and uninformed , they claim that mexico is the root of every us ' problem . 
  i 'd rather have criminals beheading each other than school shootings . 
   awesome guitar player though . 
  ohhh . . 
  if mexico can have free college ( university ) education then you can . 
  come on , i pay 500 usd a year in my college , people saying that making college in the us tuition free will cause the collapse of american economy are insane . 
  how can someone possibly think that is even possible ?
