  just tax the richest and then there you go . 
  you people are so scared of social programs :(, 
  and if i was the daughter i would totally call the police on you !, 
  join one !!, 
  i can be brad pitt, 
  american media , hollywood , music , videogames . 
  most of these things are very mainstream in other countries and they all have american accents . 
  why spanish accent ? 
  capitalism dude, 
  just for a few days , it gets easier to leave once you realize you are n't dating a moron anymore xd, 
  what the fuck xd, 
  i am not bald tho !, 
  world ?? 
  most first world countries have health care system system, 
  why suffering ? 
  have you ? 
  you do n't see morbidly obese people on scooters shopping in mexico . 
  there is overweight people but not like this http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2012/01/27/article-0-117db1a9000005dc-287_634x417.jpg, 
  it always is . 
  natural blondes, 
  teenagers are the exemption to any rule, 
  i am not even american and i am so fucking nervous xd, 
  good luck from mexico , 
  let 's see if they like it as much when they start bombing my country ( mexico ) . 
  as a mexican ( living in mexico ) i disagree with you . 
  you must feel the twitch chat experience, 
  we will pay for trump 's wall just to keep trump supporters outside of this beautiful country ( mexico ) , 
  tell her to fuck herself and hit her back when she hits you . 
  what the fuck is wrong with that woman ? 
  i know , right ? 
  actually , i ai n't even mad you won , i am glad you did . 
  i just wait for leverkusen to play against united and see chicharito score and kick you out of the tournament . 
  that 's why i am rooting for you guys !, 
  :d ( for now ), 
  this wo n't be your first post in this sub if you decide to stay with him ... 
  then you are right :d, 
  found the hillary supporter boys !, 
  so . . like mexicans with alcohol ? 
   seguro nacional . 
  i am happy with my sneaky/memeos announcer , thank you . 
  all these posts lately man , showing all the creeps of this subreddit lmao, 
  what about car keying ? 
  where are samoa , colorado , minnesota results ? 
  great internet connection probably ? 
  where are you getting these results ? 
  my news ' page is at 17 % precincts, 
  why ? 
  after this everything will go great :d, 
  he has won in 5 states and tied in 1 . 
  so pretty much , people has voted for him . 
  as a foreigner i do n't understand why people do n't take him seriously , he is the best candidate you have, 
  he blames another races for his country 's problems ? 
  i 've worked in the us ( texas ) . 
  i went to stay a few months with the only desire to improve my english , i study civil engineering and sociology and want to go to do my master 's degree ( urbanism ) to an american university ( i already visited some of my options ) when i finish my career in m\u00e9xico , i 've studied american history my whole life ( just as many other countries ' , because i love history . ), 
  if you think i do n't know about the problems in your country you are veeeeeeeeery wrong because i 've lived them . 
  `` lives at his parent 's , does n't work and i have to pay for all his gaming consoles , how do i propose him marriage ? '', 
  you know you want it , 
  yeah haha the one that stomps her feet on the ground every time people cheer, 
  the level of energy your friend puts in her candidate can just mean she supports bernie xd, 
  hahaha, 
  he si starting to act more aggressive against his opponents , finally !, 
  americans need free education immediately, 
  it 's her brother , what is wrong with you ? 
  do you have sisters ? 
  would you have sex with them if they get into your bed to sleep ? 
  do you even pay attention to what you think ? 
  bernie has been destroying hillary lately , he already passed the hardest part which were the southern states , he will do better after this  way better, 
  bernie said he will end his campaign when the 50 states have voted , even if he wins or loses, 
  lmao, 
  $ 2590/month ? 
  where do u live ? 
  mars ? 
  hey it was a joke guys . 
  why the downvotes ? 
  that 's high , i live in one of the most expensive cities in mexico and pay $ 500 usd ( $ 8000 mxn ) a month including groceries , rent , bills . 
  the most expensive bill is probably internet/phone which is $ 25 usd and gasoline $ 30 usd/week . 
  government subsidies most services , i think that 's why everything is very cheap and salaries are n't as high as in canada or the us, 
  mexico is a 3rd world country ? 
  i do n't know who told you that lie . 
  nafta fucked up the us but it really helped to industrialize mexico and mexican economy is growing every year . 
  mexico has a better economy than many european countries , which you would not consider third world countries . 
  $ 650/month ? 
  how expensive is the rent in ontario ? 
  as other user said you have never been here in mx , that 's why you think that way . 
  hahahaha yeah, 
  sorry i am not watching tyt , why will they kick him off ? 
  happy birthday my friend !, 
  as much as all the social security programs and free college education the rest of the first world countries have . 
  b. . . but brad pitt u.u, 
  why you fear mexico ?? 
  mexico also have a lot of social programs and access to internet in every big city . 
  yeah haha, 
  i know right ? 
  which one was the worst ? 
  why you do n't try calling them one last time ? 
  yes, 
  learn to eat ass, 
   summary question : why oh why did n't i listen to my friends when they told me she was not right for me while we were together ? 
  always happens . 
  do n't be dumb the next time and listen to your friends,
