  texans + freedom , could this video be more perfect ? 
  uncle , what r u doin ? 
  they are just north korean live streams bro, 
  wow , you were n't joking when you said you were bored . . 
  can you be more specific ? 
  i am not afraid because of the looks . 
  haha, 
  i will probably be there 1 month . 
  i will apply for an american citizenship when i finish my degree in mexico though . 
  that 's because dog owners are out walking their dogs . . 
  yeah , being in a relationship with someone with emotional issues is not healthy , when the relationship ends , it takes time to heal from the damage that the shitty relationship did . 
  do n't say that to germany . . 
  we have a winner !, 
  i am really weird in that aspect . 
  first , when i meet a girl , i am so fucking awkward ... if i really like her i ca n't pronounce words sometimes . . 
  second , when they get to know me better , everything just feels natural , i can be with her for hours making her laugh ... 
  the problem is , it depends on their personality , and i always have to go through the awkward phase and sometimes i ca n't make it through it . 
  now , seriously , how do i jump from the awkward phase to the funny phase ? 
  what do you mean with `` full of himself '' ? 
  so ... daddy issues ? 
  fucking commies . . 
  it 's 2014 , get your shit together man, 
  my brother says this all the time , i just say `` yeah dude , probably ... but that 's not the kind of girl i want in my life '' . . 
  yeah , i thought the same . 
  '' - we have a car that she pays the insurance on and all the repairs/maintenance . 
  she would like me to chip in even though i do n't really use it that much . 
  i do put gas in the car when i use it . '', 
  she has a car , because she is paying for it . 
  post is edited though . . 
  lol i thought i was sensitive , but this guy is just crazy, 
  can you imagine all of the girls who try that and their boyfriend just fails and ruin girl 's life ? 
  i hope you have her back too ... 
  this is the classic r/relationship post where love blinds people . . 
  i feel some kind of respect for that girl for putting up with that shit for 1 year , whenever i met a person like him i straight up ignore him/her , life is better that way . 
  yeah ... it made my blood boil reading that . . 
  freedom knows no countries . . except for those damn commies ... 
  just do n't get mad when he fucks your daughter ... 
  serious question ... do you like game of thrones op ? 
   but i will always , always have a thing for nice forearms . 
  give me a guy with his sleeves rolled up to just below his elbows and i just melt . 
  well , hello . . 
  * victory *, 
  i will expand this question in the morning because it 's 4:30 am and am really tired . . but overall , those cities are really safe , i 've never been in santa fe or df , but as long as you do n't walk in conflictive neighborhoods , you will be fine . 
  i 've been told that quer\u00e8taro is a beautiful city . 
  guadalajara is amazing . 
  monterrey is meh . . too much traffic , but there is a lot of places to visit , 
  let 's start ... 
  : i have never liked d.f. 
  i have never been there also , but the reason i do n't / would n't like it is because it 's a very crowded place . 
  some people might like it but i do n't like crowded places haha , i ca n't help you with this . 
  you must be very careful to not go in to conflictive neighborhoods as i said in my other comment . 
  keep your wallet in an unaccesible place in case someone tries to grab it out from your pocket ( it 's a very common occurance and even it has a name , the `` carteraso '' ) . 
  try to rent an hotel room close to the places you want to visit , do n't dress very exotic , try to dress like every other mexican girl ( jeans and a blouse ) and you will pass unadvertised which is easy unless you are a blond girl with blue eyes ( in which case you can send me a pm  ) . 
  santa fe : i have never been here also , i ca n't help you with this !, 
  monterrey : i lived here for 2 years aproximately , when i lived here , the drug war was at its apogee , but even then i was n't afraid for my life , i would n't worry too much because as long as you are not ( were n't ) involved with the cartels you would be fine . 
  it 's a beautiful city in some places , there is bars and clubs to go partying at night , but there is also a lot of places to visit in the day . 
  mexican northern food is one of the most delicious in the world :d i would recommend you eat the traditional `` cabrito '' . 
  the metro can take you to almost every touristic place in the city , i do n't know what you like or what you want to know about monterrey or mexico so i do n't know what recommend you . 
  guadalajara : the city that resemble mexican culture the most . 
  it 's a pretty safe place to be , when there was the drug war , this place was not mentioned too much on the news . 
  and i guess it 's safer now . 
  there is a lot of places to visit here , i would recommend the `` plaza de los mariachis '' . 
  guadalajara has a lot of places to visit and a lot of food to eat . 
  queretaro/puebla : most of the cities in the center of mexico are safer than the cities in the north , this two cities are very safe , as other people told you already , just stay in safer areas , if you are going to visit some place , remember the way back to your hotel . 
  you will not be in danger , not more than any other mexican living their lives . 
  but even i as a mexican wo n't go to certain places at every city , it 's like going to any american city and going to a ghetto or something like that , you might get assaulted or not . 
  but if you stay in medium/high class neighborhoods , you will be fine !, 
  other place i would recommend you to visit is guanajuato , when i traveled there i saw a lot of american tourists . 
  it 's a must go if you want to learn about mexican culture . 
  try learning a bit of spanish ( if you want to practice send me a pm , you can help me to practice my english too ! ), 
  before you come , always have some cash in your pockets for the public transportation in case you need it . 
  visiting mexico is like visiting any other city in the world , there is no need to be afraid , the violence is not like it used to be 4-5 years ago and the main reason is because , well , as other people say , the government did a pact with the drug cartels to do n't mess with the people and just do their stuff i guess . 
  try to not travel alone and enjoy your trip . 
  yeah , i hated her when she left marshall before their wedding just to go to `` follow her dreams '' . 
  after that i never liked her :d, 
  you do n't attend to a class and it feels like if you were absent for an entire month xd, 
  find something you like and are good at . 
  `` there was this guy * magic8square * , he would n't stop calling me m'lady . . '', 
  as far as i know , you have to slay certain amounts of commies before getting your licence to own one . 
  b. . . brad ? 
  15 if global warming was real , 
  do americans do n't know the difference between spanish and portuguese ? 
  i liked the video , that was the only thing that made it bad . . 
  you are not strange , you are not weird , i wish i had save my `` virginity ? '', 
  to a girl who truly deserved it . 
  i am a male . . 
  you are just some especial kind of women who just live in a man 's dreams , 
  she even accepted it . 
  some of us did n't have that chance to know we were in love with a crazy chick , until it was too late , like that time when crazy girl `` keyd '' my car d :, 
  that maneuver is called `` the hitler '', 
  well , he did n't end 10 days ago haha, 
  reddit has a `` save '' option , i will just click it and watch it later !, 
  thank you for showing me that subreddit , i really need something like that too :d, 
  mexican here , fuck yeah !, 
  do n't bring those damn commies to the land of the free ... 
  i will remember this the next time i visit korea . 
  or will it ? 
  i guess you have n't seen mine yet , 
  words to live by . . 
  i like the new servers `` retro pvp '' , it reminds me the old days .
