  you are a popular dude :d !, 
  what is a olaf ? 
  yeah , just not her . 
  what 's the point of being hyped for tl vs tip match when you already know tl will lose and take 4th places ? 
  why do you think it 's too hard to say your mom no ? 
  do n't let her religious views change your mind about the subject , rapists are bad and he is not the kind of person you want around your daughter . . 
  good luck op . 
  the point is , you do n't even know the reasons of why mexico is not as prosperous as the usa , you are just talking whatever the media tells you to believe . 
  i can tell you something , we are not as succesfull not because of the lack of territory . 
  border cities are some of the most fucked up part of the country dude , have you gone to cities southest from the border ? 
  of course mexico is not the best place to live but that does n't make it a bad country , i know some mexican cities that could be considered first world country ' cities . 
  all the cities you mentioned are border cities , even mexicans avoid those places ... 
  i avoid those places man . 
  most mexicans do n't do drugs man , did you know that ? 
  do you know why 60k + have died in the drug ward ? 
  they were messing with the wrong people , people here do n't do drugs and not because they are afraid of using them but because we do n't like it . 
  most people who do drugs are considered messed up people , delinquent , felon , gangster wan na be , etc. . 
  you will hardly see an average person doing drugs , and if you come to mexico to buy drugs all you are looking for are troubles . 
  i think the main point yaddar and i are trying to make is that we do n't need others to come fix our troubles , i love america and i wish i could go there and live when i finish my degree but not because i do n't like mexico . 
  the main reason of why mexico is not a first world country is ( and this is just my personal opinion ) :, 
  - the lack of nationalism . 
  why ? 
  i could give you a thousand reasons of why this is the main problem but i want you to compare your country with mine the next time you come here and you will see what am i talking about . 
  yeah . . 
  when they leave mexico and go to the united states the nationalism becomes stronger in them because they really miss their country and what they left behind . 
  most people do n't see it until they leave , i started noticing it when i traveled to houston for a week , but whenever i walk on my city i hardly see a flag because people do n't give a shit about being mexican , they just do it in the month of september which is considered the `` mes patrio '' or `` patriotic month '' . 
  this and many others details made me think of the lack of nationalism as the main reason of mexico being in such bad conditions . 
  stop fapping man, 
  i just understand that there is a lot of miss-information from the media even in mexico , it 's not the same visiting from time to time or living here . 
  and i love my american neighbors , when i visited there for the first time i wanted to feel american even though my skin color was different i never felt treated differently . 
  and the ` murican girls are the best !, 
  haha, 
  now kiss ( \u0361 ~ \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  there is assholes everywhere in the world , that 's not really a problem brah xd . 
  i tried to speak english , even though my pronunciation is/was not that good and people kept trying to speak in spanish . 
  the main reason i went to usa was to practice my english and it was annoying that everyone was trying to speak to me in spanish haha, 
  happy marriage , that 's what matters . . 
  yeah haha , i do n't understand why people is saying op made a mistake . . 
  if he ever tries something just tell him you are not interested , there is nothing wrong with giving away your number as long as they respect the fact that you are in a relationship and do n't try something bad . 
  not american but i want to ask you : why do you think reagan was a bad president ? 
  i think he was kinda cool , and his speech `` a time for choosing '' is one of the greatest speechs i 've heard . 
  i use devourer and have 70 % win ratio as warwick in gold1 ... 
  it seems like you do n't coordinate your ganks with your farming correctly . 
  elementary school ' physics teach you not to be a dumbass, 
  you are the best op !, 
  time to go no contact !, 
  as a mexican i love your comics , i want to do one about how every fucking aztec or mayan documentary talks about human sacrifices but not how the aztec empire was one of greatest civilizations of all times ... 
  but fucking spanish conquerers got ride of every fucking good thing mexican civilizations had on those times ... 
  but then again , i am drunk and still have not idea of what happened on those times , though , thanks for your post , i feel happy that a mexican redditor post about the history of one of the greatest countries in the world m8 !, 
  i do n't want to discuss with you about one of the most advanced civilizations of their time , even greater than the roman empire because if `` human sacrifices '' are the only thing you know about aztecs , then you are misinformed , and it 's never a good idea discuss something with a misinformed person . 
  papaloatls *, 
  well , it 's the only thing you mentioned about them and the main thing media talks about them too . 
  best friend squirrel died , tears were shed, 
  * sigh *, 
  by far . 
  that was indeed irrelevant . 
  it was more like \u00a1 fuck , america !, 
  guys , i spotted the americanist !, 
  that 's like low diamond na, 
  it 's a plus , though . 
  where are you from dude ? 
  no man , i live in saltillo , a city on the north of mexico . 
  do you like this beautiful country ? 
  that 's awesome dude , i always discuss with people on reddit that treat mexico like a third world country when that 's not the case . 
  i would n't like to live in d.f. 
  though . 
  what 's your favorite experience so far in mexico ? 
  i knew your accent did n't seem american haha, 
  can you stop being sarcastic ? 
  or why do you do it ? 
  are you sarcastic because you try to be hurtul to other people ? 
  stop being sarcastic , all you will get from it will be passive-agressivenes and as the other guy said `` drama '' . 
  yeah haha , have you tasted `` indio '' beer ? 
  i love that beer , i do n't know if it 's only popular on the north . 
  i am glad you like mexico !, 
  why the titans attack?d :, 
  a communist pig, 
  `` land or resources '' you are wrong on this . 
  holy wars ( crusades ), 
  do you remember a guy called hitler ? 
  ideologies can cause wars and these ones are the deadliest . 
  or him in a rap battle against phantoml0rd , most epic sheet ever, 
  i feel bad for his future wife . . : /, 
  sometimes we have to make sacrifices for the ones we love . . 
  it 's up to you to decide if he is worth doing it . 
   spanish is a beautiful language and a very hard one , but it will be worth to learn !, 
  it 's not . . wtf ? 
  `` my house , my rules . 
  if you keep letting other guys other than your boyfriend come to this house then you can not keep living here , i did n't raise a cheater and i will not let yourself become a shitty person . '', 
  unless you actually raised her to be a shitty person this may be your fault , do n't let her disrespect your home like that . 
  op , did you raise your daughter to be a shitty person ? 
  are you a cheater too ? 
  do n't let your daughter walk over you . 
  but she can convince her daughter not to be a shitty human being , that 's the fucking point and i have no idea why everyone is upvoting naroga 's comment . 
  you will be a bad father . 
  well , maybe it 's because i am mexican and we have different family values than in the u.s. 
  i had a girlfriend at 18 y/o , i am pretty sure that if my mom knew i was dating this girl and having sex with other girl ( s ) at home , she would slap me right in the face for disrespecting my house and women in general , and would tell me to stop doing it or she would kick me out , i would be mad then , i would be angry but you know what ? 
  as i mature i would 've know that my mom was right or not ( probably i could 've been a fucking idiot and think i was in the right for cheating on a girlfriend an using her like if she was an object ) . 
  now , do n't think wrong about my mom , she is the best human being i 've ever known , she is sweet and is always trying to help people ( she is a nurse ) . 
  but she also wants her kids to be as good as they can be and trust me if she had to slap me to make me be a better person she would and i would n't mind .
