  my friend is something like this `` i love cats , well she breaks everything at home , she even ate my laptop 's cord which cost me $ 50 but she is ok , i guess '', 
  it is n't about buying incubators though . 
  if you do n't want then do n't buy them xd, 
  i will stop playing when other generations ( except for 2 and 3 ) come out . 
  i just watched gen 4 and it looks great . 
  even better than gen 3 !, 
  but the other generations ... 
  i just did n't like them . 
  at all . 
  either you love america or hate it . 
  mostly for its fans , they are awful . 
  so yeah , most people is supporting tigres, 
  i do n't think you know what `` we all '' means, 
  chairo detected . 
  i think people hate america fans more than the team itself . 
  and referees helpin them does n't help too . 
  the ref did n't favor america so it 's bullshit ? 
  america played like shit the whole game . 
  they were lucky and torres nilo did n't help at all, 
  tigres deserved the win, 
  yeah, 
  haha you did mean it that way, 
  he could 've sent off 2 america players in regular time , even call a penalty for tigres . 
  just because this time your team did n't get help from the ref like last week or other finals does n't mean that the reff is being unfair . 
  he just made a lot of mistakes . 
  just america . 
  it des if you lower your standards enough . 
  i fucking love my country regardless occasionary homicides . . 
  you forgot this / s, 
  well , being american right now is not the biggest achievement . . 
  i did n't feel bad for the guy . 
  i 'm prieto myself . 
  his problem was telling her she was very pretty . 
  i mean , the first thing he noticed about her was how she looks . 
  that was very superficial from him so he got what he deserved . 
  and dlift . 
  lmaoooo , salty comrade . . 
  i mean , conservative, 
  you are welcome to leave !, 
  nobody will miss you :d, 
  edit . 
  this is the dumbest comment i 've ever read, 
  yeah , because hillary, 
  i saw that game live in the stadium . 
  i didn-t like the goalkeeper at all . 
  he made a lot of mistakes , add that to the fact that one of monterrey 's goals was his fault . 
  si existe . 
  https://www.google.com.mx/search?q=hospital+bill+in+the+united+states&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=662&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbo=u&amp;source=univ&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjdupi2nsfrahxhslqkhazkddyqsaqihw hospital bills in the us ), 
  http://www.topuniversities.com/student-info/student-finance/how-much-does-it-cost-study-us costo de las matr\u00edculas en estados unidos, 
  i mean , that 's your opinion man . 
  i still believe in the man that has been fighting for equality since 50 years ago . 
  the same guy who was arrested for fighting segregation , the same kid who marched along mlk . 
  that 's the one person i support . 
  idgaf if he supported hillary , anything was better than the orange bigot you got now . 
  hill destroyed herself to fuck over the fucking country, 
  la avaricia humana . 
  i do n't think that was a gun gesture . 
  more like he was asking the teacher permission to go to the bathroom and he was pointing at it . 
  i 've done that before, 
  monterrey has always wanted to be part of the united states , it 's the closer you can get to the usa being in m\u00e9xico . 
  i mean , that kid looks like he is in shock actually . 
  i think other kids knew about that guy 's plan , thats obvios by the way they acted but i mean that the guy was not intending to do a hand gun , just like he pointed outside . 
  or it was hillary saying she did n't need their vote to win . 
  she was wrong, 
  let 's all wish our next president does n't start ww3, 
  capitalism, 
  he has a girlfriend , so at least he is not unattractive, 
  at least they are n't getting constantly bombed by the us, 
  capitalism , got ta get the profit off everything, 
  being a prisoner is awful , not matter what side you are . 
  do n't think of american ( allies ) as saints . 
  yeah , that does n't mean they did n't do bad things to germans , what soviets did was wrong but it was more `` justified '' ( not justified , but they had more reasons to do it ) . 
  millions of soviets died in that war , they won the war but still millions died , compared to americans . 
  that 's what i said , yeah , you are right . 
  they just had less reasons to act like barbarians with their prisoners . 
  just do n't act like the others were inferior just because of the things they did, 
  nazi = / = germans . 
  nazis just were the louder minority , take as example the trump supporters nowadays , but we as foreigners does n't think about all americans as fascists just because a minority support trump 's racist views, 
  ohh haha , but you do n't mention the american ' concentration camps too . 
  how were american japanesse responsible of what japan did in ww2 ? 
  well americans have been doing it all over the world supporting capitalist dictators and starting wars for the sake of oil and the industrial military complex . 
  but i still think americans are the coolest guys out there even if their government sucks . 
  you ca n't blame a whole country by the actions of their leaders, 
  i say sugar or buttercup, 
  your comment proves my point exactly . 
  you do n't see it as bad as it was . 
  well thousand of americans died there , but 20 millions of russians died at ww2 , they were n't going to take it lightly like americans did , and neither did the nazis . 
  if 20 million americans died in there , what do you think american troops would 've done to the nazis ? 
  there 's not source . 
  he kicked a dog once because it bit him and would n't let him go and people think that 's why he is abussing his dog . 
  think what you want , but cesar 's techniques have helped me to have calm dogs . 
  but you know , people like to overreact . 
  people who think cesar is a monster for kicking that dog probably have spoiled dogs , they just do n't want to believe they are doing something wrong and their dogs are perfect, 
  es waiv we , qu\u00e9 esperabas ? 
  solo si juega baseball y es de new york, 
  nah , does n't feel right . 
  they are what ?? 
  yaaaassss ... we love dogs \u2764, 
  how about this, 
  you fucked up op,
