  don \u00bf t ruin my comment !, 
  i can do that !, 
  hold my beer !, 
  even small text bot is trolling . . 
  i guess with the servers down , all the bronze players are coming to troll here at reddit, 
  the video with meteos was hilarious :d, 
  sona has boobs . . genetics , man !, 
  yeah . . bronze is ok . . silver is the true hell , they lack everything . . 
  because he is god, 
  dat brolaf play on stream was hilarious . . 
  drunkscarra, 
  keepo, 
  wow . . 
  i raged to a sona player a few games ago for missing his flash + ult in a promo game to gold . . now i feel bad for him because it probably was n't his fault :(, 
  weedwizard420xxx does n't give a shit, 
  dress him as poro, 
  theoddone posted a picture of it in his facebook page, 
  this is really awkward to watch . . 
  i 'm glad i 'm not the only one who make lol references in my real life . . 
  damn i love this game so much !, 
  actually the graphics are awesome !, 
  but you need a lot of gold to enjoy that game, 
  wtf 20 yoricks !, 
  keepo, 
  man . . just google it -_- lazy people, 
  ask locodoco, 
  and `` ff @ 20 '', 
  now kiss !, 
  this . . 
  i got reported today because i sent the surrender vote in a 5 vs 5 teemo game at 30min mark . . 
  it 's you , i think it 's awesome !, 
  the feeling of finish first at something still tortures me . . 
  my girlfriend does n't complain tho . . 
  yes, 
  the germans know . . 
  comment for watch this later !, 
  let 's gamble !, 
  aaaaaaaaaaaand i 'm getting drunk today . . 
  comment to watch this later . 
  po wn ql ctm, 
  chileans are like the twitch chat of latinamerica, 
  or tijuana . . 
  | these are highly restricted weapons in america and it is highly unlikely they came from the us . 
  oh god this guy ... 
  usa has been funding war in m\u00e9xico all this years . . 
  dem regi ults keepo, 
  bow *, 
  i 'll definitely do this . 
  malphite is not a silver ban anymore . . people prefer banning assassins , and then they get fucked by mumus or blitz hooks . . 
  but worth, 
  why not both ? 
  so . . annie ? 
  did you know that those are the original mexican `` burritos '' ??? 
  of course , burritos are made of different kinds of meat , but still . . 
  pls, 
  please , explain !, 
  add me !, 
  i speak both english and spanish and i ` ld love to play with someone who is not a rager or toxic , because you know . . there is a lot of toxic players in lan . . 
  i hope you can see my message and add me when your ban ends !, 
  ign : bysenx, 
  sure bro !, 
  i usually play in my na smurf account because i want to practice my english and i have 50ping ( 130 in lan ) plus there 's less toxic players in na, 
  people in lan is even more racist than na players . . 
  my skin is a little bit darker than average here in m\u00e9xico and i used to be bullied for that reason , in my own country . . like seriously . . 
  `` high elo ranked play in lan '', 
  dude , i 'm a silver player with soul of challenger !, 
  hahaha ^ this is what i mean !, 
  `` who needs a map ? '', 
  - srtman, 
  and by chicks you mean dudes who claim to be girls just to get eloboosted ? 
  i could n't imagine being in the army . . 
  i mean . . 
  i 'm so used to the videogames that i ` ld probably go ham and die instantly, 
  something about gas chambers, 
  just like twitch chat , people do n't appreciate it . . 
  a coma would fix the first `` there '' , but the second one ? 
  just hurts my eyes, 
  right ? 
  i said this to my friends , they did n't believe that a book actually helps to improve in league . . 
  my favorite quote is, 
  `` if you ca n't be strong , but you do n't know how to be weak , you will be defeated '', 
  applies to comebacks ^, 
  ( i translated as good as i can since english is not my native language ), 
  not sure bro !, 
  xd this could not be the actual quote since my book is in spanish , but that is the idea . . 
  she will if she dates me  ), 
  i 've seen brna make better plays ... 
  do n't get me wrong , faker is a god , but brna is one of the best riven players in the world , any na top laner can confirm it . . and he is just 15 years old . . 
  proof : https://scontent-a-lax.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn2/1385867_655388617816407_1772523615_n.jpg, 
  yeah ... bjergsen is a better player overall , that 's what makes him one of the best mid laners on na ... that does n't mean that his riven mechanics are better than brna 's riven . . 
  imagine the possibilities o :, 
  america is a continent you know ? , largest city in america is m\u00e9xico city . . 
  always, 
  apple much, 
  tell me more . . 
  not everything , just important things . . 
  `` lol is so boring '', 
  yeah , that 's why 32 million of people watched the season 3 world finals . . 
  bring the hate starcraft players . . 
  something i say to my friends is , do n't go straight to red buff after blue buff , this is not season 3 anymore ...
