  the text says that ochoa will play for `` atletico de madrid '', 
  how can i find a good server to play the game ? 
  it seems fun but i 'd like to know a little bit more about it, 
  is it expensive to study there ? 
  how much universities ' semester cost ? 
  would it be hard for a non deutsch speaker to study there ? 
  i am a mexican guy who would love to live and study there , even though english is my second language i would like to learn deustch too . 
  i hope you can help me with my doubts . 
  saw a post on the front page containing this image http://imgur.com/a/wqu1c . 
  just wondering if there is more people who find it easier to use ult on smartcast . 
  right now i am studying at a university in mexico . 
  i am a civil engineering student and i have 3 semesters left to finish my degree . 
  i want to apply for a job in my work area ( for practice purposes ) but i do n't know which area of civil engineering would be the best for me nor the skills needed to succeed at it . 
  i like calculus and drawing but what i came here to ask the next question :, 
  first , let me make an scenario . 
  * 10 civil engineers apply for a job in a company , all of them graduated from the same university , have the same grades , same knowledge , work ethic , etc. . 
  but one of them has a especial skill that will let the interviewers pick him over the other 9 . 
  what is this skill/knowledge that will give this applicant an advantage ? 
  thanks in advance for reading this and i hope you can help me out with this . 
  sorry if my english is not the best but i am not a native english speaker . 
  there is the link dear patriots , 
  so , my teacher thinks and claims that communism should be the only system that should exist and trash talk ` murica and capitalism , basically he hates freedom . 
  even though i 've tried to explain my points on why capitalism is not `` that bad '' , he always comes with a shitty explanation that my ideas are bad . . 
  so , yeah . . any advice will be appreciated . 
  i love playing football soccer and i want to find a place where i can play it in a group with other soccer lovers !, 
  do anyone know a place where people gathers to play or a weekend league ? 
  i am about to finish my degree in civil engineering at a mexican university , i 've always wanted to study at an american university but i think i am too old for this ... 
  anyway , i want to apply to some universities and see how it goes , but i do n't know if they will accept me because i am 24 y/o atm . 
  can you give me some opinions on the subject ? 
  do you know how your university treats foreigner students ? 
  i got a lot of support from my last post about people who started university not in their 18 . 
  so i decided to apply to a foreigner university ( i am mexican ) . 
  right now i 've some universities in mind but i want to see some more before i make my decision . 
  is there something about your university that the webpage does n't show that made you take your decision ? 
  ( sports , social life , etc. . ), 
  thank you in advance guys !, 
  if you have any question about politics , way of living or just any question in general i 'd be glad to answer !, 
  i ca n't understand why a country would hate one another so much . 
  here in mexico all we hear about israel are bad news and knowing that in usa the only party that support you is the conservative , religious , republican shit just makes me think that you are being brainwashed and just want to fuck up ( and have control over ) every neighbor you have . 
  every country has its shitty people , i mean , in m\u00e9xico cartel members behead each others and then show those videos on the internet . 
  i know islamic extremists sucks , but after seeing all your hate threads against the iran deal i want to ask . 
  can you give me a reason of why it is bad to let a fucking country be free ? 
  one of my idols , mexican joan sebastian died a few days ago , i loved his music , i even got a girl a serenade in february 14th which are not so uncommon in m\u00e9xico . 
  so i want to learn to play guitar as a form of tribute for one of the greatest musicians in mexican history . 
  i 've always loved music , when i was 18 i bought an accordion and i sucked at it :( ... 
  i did n't dedicate that much time playing it tho , but i want to do something good with my free time . 
  do you recommend me buying a guitar ? 
  do you think i will learn if i dedicate enough time even if i 've never been good at any art related thing ? 
  or any other pokemon product haha, 
  i am a fan of pokemon but i 've never found one of those plushies in mexico , so i will take this time in usa to look for them . 
  if you know of a store in the houston area or some place where i can find this kind of products please let me know , i 'd really appreciate it !, 
  he is a man who will not doubt going to war against m\u00e9xico just because he thinks we all are terrorists , rapists , murderers , etc. . 
  i think the problems in the usa affect directly every other country in the world , especially mexico since we are neighbors and that 's why i think sanders is the best candidate and i really hope he wins the primary elections in february . 
  everyone supporting sanders and helping at his campaign , thank you , because you will be making a big difference in the world if bernie wins . 
  realized this last time i visited the us, 
  closed borders . . 
  cartels had to find other way to make money . . 
  cartels begin to extort people to make money . . 
  president calderon declares war on cartels to protect its citizens . 
  i 've been looking for a good university to transfer in the usa or canada . 
  as you all know american universities are way too expensive and i always see people making fun of them . 
  but when i checked in a few canadian universities the price range was n't better than americans . 
  it is cheaper but still expensive . 
  how much did you pay at your university per semester ? 
  still better than the 140 i get in lan tho, 
  did riot lie to me ? 
  most of my friends got the transfer the same day the server moved . 
  this is my main account where i have almost all the champions, 
  why you jump on them sneaky ? 
  omg why you fight ? 
  i 've been a football soccer player since i was a kid and even when watching my team in the world cup i never get so hyped lol, 
  take my energy c9 !!!, 
  edit . 
  woooooo !!!, 
  we back boys !, 
  edit . 
  another one https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/3i8rb1/this_is_the_bracket_for_na_gauntlet/cueikud, 
  shots fired . 
  c9 to worlds baby !, 
  [ removed ], 
  i 'd love to watch the democratic debate and i 'd really like to send the link to some of my family in the us in case they are missing the debate, 
  m\u00fasica o lo que sea !, 
  vayne , lee , kindred , fiora , etc. . . 
  they always end up outplaying themselves :(, 
  my mom and dad went to visit my uncle at houston ( we are from m\u00e9xico ) and i asked her to bring me a six pack of beer but i do n't know which one may be the best beer from there . . 
  can you tell me a brand of beer that you like or think it 's the best from there ? 
  thanks in advance < 3, 
  i do n't want the kind of person who his fan of someone like doublelift to be a cloud9 fan . 
  after the declarations of aphromoo and watching all of the videos there is of dlift trashtalking i do n't think he is a good person . 
  and i 've always believe that since i saw this video, 
  i need some sources of information for a final project i am doing at my school . 
  if you could link some resources to this topic i would be really grateful . 
  if you want to comment-discuss about the importance of sociology studies in engineering it would be great too !, 
  thanks in advance !, 
  greetings from m\u00e9xico , i feel a lot of respect for you guys because you are being part of a great social movement that will not only impact the usa but the rest of the world . 
  i am waiting for the results to come out already :d, 
  can someone give me advices of how not to get drunk at a club ? 
  i do n't usually go to clubs or drink wine of any type , i want to get drunk but i do n't want to get wasted fast or do stupid shit, 
  thanks in advance guys !, 
  title says it all , i am in kind of a hurry i have found sources in spanish but i want to make my project more complete with various sources and if they are in english it is way better .
