  `` a '' and `` o '' give different meaning to that word . 
  or at least , that 's how we use it in the north of m\u00e9xico . 
  are you using medicine for this ? 
  i 'm struggling to finish my college also , but i 'm not sure if the reason is add , i 've tried everything and i will go to the psychologist in a few days and i really hope i get diagnosed with it . . 
  can confirm, 
  [ can confirm , water skiing squirrels are underrated . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdmuvqaqsry ), 
  what about latinos ? 
  as a latino i have to know !, 
  they are just like '' :o what ? '', 
  [ i used this ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_psats15npca/tpjbqxsx3bi/aaaaaaaahsi/jxd5kvzoqrg/s1600/papel-higienico.jpg ), 
  right ? 
  you must be mexican :3, 
  [ so , do you like deeper ? 
  this is a problem that can be solved without you even trying ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/bigdickproblems/ ), 
  i just want to leave my country and travel to usa or canada . 
  where is the best place to live and start a new life , get a work , etc. . ??? 
  i love construction and i ` ld travel legally -_-, 
  yeah hahah morgana was very popular at lower elos . 
  source : i play at low elo, 
  that was literally , the worst distortion i 've ever seen ... 
  or , her future boyfriend !, 
  or the guy who killed gf 's cat because then he could have crazy sex . . 
  awesome !, 
  your ex , not your brother . . 
  op is a karma whore . . 
  learned it the bad way ... 
  but it 'll grow 1 inch as much . . 
  it 's not even worth your time to do it . . 
  i think . 
  just be confident , you do n't need a 6 + inches dick to satisfy a woman . 
  alpha mode . . 
  speak english in m\u00e9xico, 
  she did n't unplug router during stream . . do n't be a lier you lil bitch . . 
  he said in chat that he was who dc ` ed the stream because he had to take a walk and think about this stuff, 
  yeah , fuck you ybrenin, 
  vomix-sensei , please notice me . 
  i 'm 22 and do the same thing . . probably because i do n't have someone to talk to . . 
  yeah haha i feel bad because i understand that refference . . 
  fuck this shit , he is too tanky . . 
  just like mf 's ult xd, 
  well , the arm across the chest helped him to grab the other guy 's foot . . all planned ? 
  awesome man !, 
  that 's the spirit , just go ahead , ask every girl you like to go out !, 
  you will feel great when your confidence grow up, 
  that was alpha as fuck . . 
  suck my dick travis, 
  you are an idiot . . 
  i hope you die . 
  these are n't cartel assassinations . 
  op is a karma whore , and i 'm pretty sure he does n't even speak spanish . 
  most likely, 
  mine does !, 
  i hope one day i can talk to my children about how i met their mother just like ted is doing !, 
  this himym serie is like my escape to reality for not being with her :(, 
  enough big . . 
  wow . 
  that poor .27 kid , disabled as fk, 
  it 's so racist that makes sense . . 
  move on bro , move on . . 
  when did he left ? 
  would be awesome watch sk pick random champions and let gmb get their win . 
  that would teach riot a lesson . 
  nasus was n't being picked even when doran 's shield was op , i doubt they use it now :p, 
  i did n't say `` throw '' the game , why would riot punish them if they play urgot , yorick or some shit like that ? 
  lube and foreplay , make her the happiest woman in the world , do n't look on your own pleasure , it 's her first time , make her feel like the most important person in the world even if you have to sacrifice your own pleasure . 
  good luck and have fun !, 
  that would solve 2 out of 3 problems for him, 
  before i played lol , i used to play a mmo full with brazilians , they used to laugh like this `` kaposkaposkaposkaposk '' . . 
  wtf does that even mean ? 
  and south koreans that are rich . . 
  i 'm not a gambit fanboy but i feel really bad for riot 's desitions , not those guys ' fault , but there goes my faith for e-sports . . 
  there goes my faith for e-sports xd, 
  they are frustrated for the desition riot took , you just have to look at the crescendos from edward , diamond attacking the adc at the enemy jungle 1v5 , alex overextending and genja chasing the jungler ... 
  this kind of things affect you emotionaly , they just seem to be somewhere else , it was sad seeing them playing like that : /, 
  yeah , sure . . 
  for the night is dark and full of teemos . . 
  that 's me , watching gambit lose against sk t.t, 
  i got 2 karmas from that, 
  / all worth, 
  it 's actually a smiley , and it 's crying . 
  i treat everyone like retard ... 
  actually eye contact works with people , you can intimidate someone by watching him right on the eyes . . 
  messi interviewing xpeke, 
  yeah , they had to delay the games after that game . . 
  actually they won that championship , the goalkeeper scored a goal against the contrary team at the 89 ' of the game, 
  source : my team was the one who lost that final t-t, 
  you are telling me i have to keep practicing ? 
  i can do that : o, 
  she will cheat on him , and he will make a `` scumbag stacy '' meme for the poor girl , wich is nice . . 
  i almost forget what they did to gambit ... ^ ^ ^ ^ almost, 
  is having sex with your sister something considered `` scumbag '' ??? 
  probably illegal in some countries , but not scumbag . 
  totally worth it . 
  hey , what happened to op 's mom ? 
  i came here late :( pls respond , pls, 
  mexican food is awesome . . 
  you should 've pulled `` the naked man '' ... 
  and now discovery channel sucks . . 
  i can hardly find a good program now . .
