  edit . 
  maybe without the xd, 
  yeah , west coast best coast, 
  2 hours from now approx, 
  yeah , qt is a moron , but he is entertaining to watch : / too sad that people defend him . . 
  so you think being religious is a mental problem ? 
  being passive agressive is not the problem here . 
  most likely the girl has a mental disease . 
  sleeping 2 hours a day is not healthy, 
  did n't work too well for the starks though xd, 
  i saw that joke in sneaky 's stream ... 
  creepo, 
  why people do n't get to understand the difference between `` socialism '' and `` social democracy '', 
  it 's all over europe , even canada and mexico ... 
  socialism has never existed and most likely never will . 
  the urss was a fascist government . 
  you lost me at pro-privatization xd, 
  not liberalism , liberalism has nothing to do with a social view on economy . 
  i 'll give you an example . 
  here in mexico , the country owns ( used to ) all the oil you can find in its territory . 
  most social programs are subsidized by oil . 
  i pay approximately $ 3 usd monthly in my electricity check because the government pays the rest . 
  the only way i would support privatization is if the taxes go higher depending on your income , like in europe or the us 50 + years ago ... 
  i hate that mexico is always copying us politics . 
  this country is privatizing most of its natural resources and social programs . 
  the last year an amendment was approved , it claims that outside companies can come to mexico to extract oil . 
  people think it is great because gasoline and other products made from oil will be cheaper and it is true . 
  but everything else will be more expensive , people do n't understand that oil pays most of their bills . 
  i am pro-privatization if , and only if taxes rise for the millionaires and corporations . 
  without exemption , but that is not a possibility so i do n't support it in the end xd . 
  there is a lot of things to understand about this that i just could n't put it all in a comment haha i wish i could have some sort of debate with my american friends and explain it more clearly !, 
  yeah , we pay the same amount in mexico and in the rest of the industrialized world , except in the us because you know , fuck socialism !, 
  is it really that bad in the us ? 
  here in mexico you do n't even have to pay for the ambulance xd, 
  do n't take huffingtonpost as your news ' source, 
  the face he gives to giggs when chicharito misses the penalty is all you need to know about that man . 
  he a cunt, 
  25 y/o guy here . 
  3 years ago the girl i thought i was going to spend my life with decided she did n't want to be with me . 
  i cried , and promised myself i 'd never cry again . 
  well sorry 3 years ago me , i failed you . 
  it 's not too late to leave m8, 
  it 's too hard dude . . why ? 
  hahaha, 
  yeah , we are very protective of friends and family, 
  source . 
  am mexican, 
  what the fuck, 
  anyone without daddy issues maybe ? 
  damn . . 
  at least he liked the taco . . 
  chill . . 
  ayyy, 
  true love right there lmao, 
  hey guys , how is rain right now in houston ? 
  do you think there will be floods tonight ? 
  he knows he ca n't win against sanders . 
  why ca n't trump supporters just accept that he is a pussy with a big mouth ? 
  for god ' sake . . 
  trump supporter material right here . . 
  because everyone hates them ? 
  same with mexico, 
  social democrat , not a democratic socialist . 
  chill chairo, 
  hahaha, 
  you should date r instead . 
  he seems like a good man , bf on the other hand is a piece of shit, 
  do you even read what you write ? 
  that guy is an asshole . 
  what he mentioned in that last video is all he represents right now . 
  my fucking hero . 
  mexistan *, 
  i am sure they do n't hate you , they may be scared of the whole situation . 
  just be happy and try to be the best person you can . 
  i am sorry for what you have been through . 
  i think they are wrong , nationalism is a serious problem if not used correctly , most of trump supporters ( some are there because they are tired of the establishment and some because of trump 's racist agenda ) and those mexicans assaulting people are the best example . 
  i do n't live there , could n't know their reasons . 
  good people usually is not heard , you just see the bad news of course , no one gives a shit for what a good working person says unless he is famous or a politician . 
  as i said , i am pretty sure that many people despise violence , but the bad people is always louder . 
  you made a mistake , you said you both initiated and things got out of hands and now you just want to leave ??? 
  stop blaming your husband , for the problem you all created . 
  wow do n't compare bernie to amlo ... amlo is just another politician with a socialist agenda , bernie is a humanist . 
  what the fuck ??? 
  / u/bozscaggssays is picking the easy road . 
  she should own to her mistakes , do n't run away from them . 
  that 's why there is too much divorces . 
  it 's easier to walk away than trying to fix it . 
  mexican here . 
  yeah , nobody wants them here too . 
  i know , they could burn the confederate flag instead , it would be more fitting, 
  yeah , that 's being out of your fucking comfort zone !, 
  enjoy it , it is hard for us introvert people to be this way . 
  just talk to him , maybe he likes you . 
  do n't think too much of it . 
  accidentes como estos pasan cada a\u00f1o , la gente pendeja no aprende . 
  do you need to talk to someone buddy ? 
  this is a safe space . . 
  your dick is small bro, 
  la huasteca potosina , is a place to hike but it 's pretty cool , you might want to check it out . 
  there is programmed tours there so i suppose most of them speak english,
