  was n't joffrey who sent people to kill them ? 
  muricans love capitalism still, 
  you americans are so cute believing in capitalistic propaganda still . . while the middle and lower class is getting fucked and millions of students and ill people is getting thousand of dollars in debt . . 
  explain to me how is it logic not paying taxes ? 
  how do governments build roads , schools , hospitals , etc. . without getting money from taxes because i want to understand, 
  that 's called neo-liberal education, 
  this is what he believes in, 
  do it fam , worst case scenario you get fired lmao, 
  did you just respond to your own comment ? 
  california ? 
  texas ? 
  no sabes . 
  dissing is one thing . 
  straight battling a rap god is another . 
  my motto from now on, 
  it exists , it 's called social democracy . 
  some europeans countries and canada and other first world countries use this economic/social models but we still call them capitalistic countries . 
  mexican-american is not mexican . 
  usually fans do n't behave that way here in mexico . 
  plus the `` puto `` chant is not homophobic , puto has a lot of meanings here , it can mean coward or manwhore , and lot of other things . 
  i do n't know why the hate against mexicans tho xd you must be a hard trump supporter, 
  not from the south ? 
  you are attracting the wrong kind of women , do n't blame the girls , have a look on yourself and see what are you doing wrong . 
  as i said , that 's a pretty common attitude among mexican-americans . 
  those nationalistic assholes should n't be compared with real mexicans . 
  what about you bro ? 
  that 's what happens when u shitpost , those attract trolls hehe xd, 
  never fall in love with a girl named sara . 
  your gps was not working properly and made you jump locations . 
  stop circlejerking, 
  is that bush ? 
  y no porque no `` le chingan '' . 
  just remember that in the books the characters are smaller and if i recall correctly joeffrey actually knows how to swing a sword . 
  have you even read the books ? 
  and with `` a while '' you mean last worlds ? 
  ok do n't correct me on that . 
  you said they have n't been the best since a while ago . 
  i never said they were good at worlds , i said they were the best na team at worlds . 
  i did n't say they were exceptional , i said they were the best from na , being the best of the shit is still shit but they were the best of the shit . 
  did i explain myself ? 
  haha like if democrats did n't do that . 
  they voted for hillary . 
  walk in straight line, 
  there is people who works 60 + hours a week here in the us and they still live in poverty , how do you call that meritocracy ? 
  they are lazy fucks who do n't have initiative and effort ? 
  really ? 
  the propaganda is strong with this thread , i 'm out of here . . 
  see , that 's the problem with capitalism , the lack of empathy for other people . 
  just because a person can not be a ceo it does n't mean he is less of a person than the ceo . 
  the only socialistic thing about the urss was in the name . 
  the urss was a fascist state with a socialist economy . 
  just like sweden ( or other european countries ) is a socialist state with a capitalist economy . 
  but do we call sweden socialist pigs just because their capitalistic economy does n't match with their social models ? 
  we do not . 
  start applying for other jobs . 
  i am a quiet person too , i would n't like to work at a construction site . 
  design is quite easy if you work with small constructions , if you find a small firm you can start from there . 
  if you feel like you can do better then apply to bigger firms, 
  diles que no mamen y que te lo desbloqueen . 
  i dunno but i laughed , ca n't really explain, 
  heavy nationalism which leads people to join the army and kill people of other countries for the sake of `` freedom '' , but it is not actually freedom what they fight for but their billionaires and politicians ' interests , which people in other countries who do n't get the same american propaganda find off-putting . 
  ftfy !, 
  `` why did n't you do more to keep trump off the presidency ? '', 
   then why would you ever be in a position where you sucker-punch because you `` not tryin to die today '' ? 
  you take reddit too seriously, 
  happens the same with me but with paras and sandshrew here in mexico , and i 've only got a drowzee form an egg xd, 
  i got my drowzee from an egg , i wish i had more ... 
  not where i live . 
  it reminds me of darshan when he said clg had a great chance of winning the whole thing ( season 5 worlds ) and then proceded to get fucked by pain gaming, 
  yeah , there is no way pobelter is better than jensen , even less than bjergsen . . 
  that 's how you learn , for being an idiot . 
  pendejo is like an idiot but more insulting xd, 
  you americans have some weird standards about what nsfw should be, 
  true . 
  do n't say anything , just lean on that ass and suck it like your life depends on it . 
  if he tells you something just ask him , `` u gay bro ? '', 
  i do n't browse reddit while at work . 
  til i 'm a teenager, 
  https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cxndznfwaaa70wx.jpg noooo, 
  it 's a free to play game , that means you are free to quit playing if you do n't like it . 
  the thing is mexicans are not to blame that other countries do n't come with dank memes . . 
  talk shit , get hit . . woohoooooo, 
  hahahaha, 
  motorcycle or bycycle ? 
  cross the border through nuevo leon or coahuila . 
  tamaulipas is a shithole , that 's the place where most of the beheadings you see in the internet come from . 
  all other states are relatively safe . 
  do n't cross through tamaulipas . 
  their *, 
  friendly advice , do n't go through tamaulipas , 
  [ the man is a memer ] ( https://pics.onsizzle.com/bernie-wears-a-dat-boi-tie-2586359.png ), 
  you can skip them if you do n't like them fam, 
  harambe is bigger than us . 
  or with any other girl, 
  simple and expensive solutions *, 
  he is a homie now, 
  he can be your primo , but he is my compa ... 
  where words fail , music speaks . 
  same with los tigres del norte . 
  4 hours at it and i knew each one of their songs plus more they couldnt play because of lack of time .
