  yeah , better leave those guys starving at their home nation , because fuck humanity !, 
  i just want to see my team win . 
  - highburyonstrand, 
  fuck you man, 
  yeah . . 
  really ? 
  it 's $ 3 usd in m\u00e9xico atm and i think that 's expensive . . 
  well he already gave his comment , so it might be right . 
  pls respond t-t, 
  or any brand of tequila, 
  lol , you actually believe him ? 
  life quality in m\u00e9xico is actually good , probably not like a first world country but still most of the mexicans live in good conditions , but i doubt that they have a better life quality than m\u00e9xico . 
  at least where i live . 
  adding . 
  as we say in my city , `` no trabaja el que no quiere '' , `` does n't work the one who does n't want . '', 
  but redditors told me that unattractive people do n't get ladies . . 
  putin does n't want a cold war again . 
  so you are the guy who uploaded a picture some weeks/months ? 
  ago wearing that outfit and everyone told you to grow a beard ? 
  haha, 
  well my psych even told me that add in adults `` is not real '' , that it was some type of trend between young people like me and that it is called `` residual add '' or something like that . 
  the problem is that in one of my appointments i got a high score in the iq tests , that 's why he discarded add . 
  which is dumb ( i think ) because i 've read that add affects even the smartest persons . 
  i 'm not saying i am albert einstein or something like that , even though my psych was right about anxiety ( something i already knew i had ) and apprehensiveness and i will keep seeing him but i am still pretty sure that i have add and even with a high iq i fail every fucking hard class ( algebra for example ) and feel useless . 
   well my psych even told me that add in adults `` is not real '' , that it was some type of trend between young people like me and that it is called `` residual add '' or something like that . 
   the problem is that in one of my appointments i got a high score in the iq tests , that 's why he discarded add . 
  which is dumb ( i think ) because i 've read that add affects even the smartest persons . 
   i 'm not saying i am albert einstein or something like that , even though my psych was right about anxiety ( something i already knew i had ) and apprehensiveness and i will keep seeing him but i am still pretty sure that i have add and even with a high iq i fail every fucking hard class ( algebra for example ) and feel useless . 
  copied my comment from other answer and thanks for answering :( that 's exactly how i feel . 
  i will look for other psych . 
  the problem is that i live in m\u00e9xico , there is lack of good psych i guess . 
  i will keep looking for a good one . 
  time 4 tv , just google that . 
  wow 50 pounds ? 
  that 's awesome dude !, 
  give me some advices lol, 
  how much does it cost a trip like that ? 
  wow she is a bitch . 
  u da real mvp, 
  [ drop the downvote guys !, 
  ] ( http://gfycat.com/fickleentiregreendarnerdragonfly ), 
  he is 36 , is he married ? 
  if not , find a new doctor , once you have a new doctor , tell your crush how you feel about him . 
  but do n't expect something good happens as long as he is your doctor , you might ruin everything up . 
  how much people have you killed since then ? 
  why would it be awkward ? 
  ohh sweden . . 
  well , it 's easier to score if there is no defense at all , it 's like if you are kicking a penalty kick . 
  defense is there to make it harder for the forward ( striker ? ), 
  to score . . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  tell that to morgana ' q, 
  and it is worth . 
  she gets donnations and subs and we laugh at both chat and her trolling . 
  nah man , that 's why we have nicole !, 
  do n't be immature . 
  your roommate understands you and it wo n't happen again . 
  let it go . 
  this joke . . * sigh *, 
  happened to me yesterday . 
  resentment man . 
  i think it 's over , even if she does n't go on that date she lost op ' trust . 
  the best thing to do is move on, 
  why ? 
  is it hard to live there ? 
  please explain . 
  btw i am mexican and would love to travel to europe specially germany !, 
  i love that country, 
  e : you look stuck !, 
  : clippy throws a hidden box of paper clips that explode when enemies walk over them dealing sustained damage over time and stunning them for 2 seconds . 
  these last for 7 minutes . 
  so ... ziggs ? 
  this is sad to read . 
  the best way to help him is to keep him in prisson . 
  or you can help him to get out earlier and most likely he will kill you or someone else and spend his whole life in prisson . 
  mexican here and it 's about 110 \u00b0 f right now . . 
  it 's 1:53 pm . 
  and it 's been worse . 
  this and the r/fuckingpyongyang moderator shit, 
  fk u man , it makes my blood boil :@, 
  look , all this guys are telling you that alcohol or the other guy are the reason she had sex with him . 
  i may get downvoted but i think you should move on . 
  alcohol is not the one to blame here , as you said she could 've take better desitions but she did n't want to . 
  if you know you take poor desitions when you drink , then stop drinking , and if you keep drinking you deserve everything you get , good or bad . 
  if you have to think twice if a girl is good or bad for you , she is bad most likely . 
  mexico is a great country to live if you have a $ 30,000 usd + / year sallary :p, 
  that 's the difference between a good team and the best team . 
  even if they do n't win every single game , c9 still shows that they do n't win because of the enemy team throwing but they actually outplay the enemy being behind in gold and kills . 
  they make the better calls and the best teamfighting in na and i am sure they will be at the world championship, 
  he was so happy at the end of the game !, 
  i am so happy they won :d, 
  to be fair , eg will be a top tier team next split . 
  i think it is because of anxiety ( add symptom ) . 
  get a anti-stress ball or something or always get something in your hand ( keys , pen , etc. ), 
  to keep your hands entertained :p it worked for me, 
  yeah , and when she is done with your bs , she will find a man that treats her well and boom , she cheats and you have a scumbag stacy meme to post :d everyone wins man, 
  yeah , she is going places . . not college but places, 
  i was trying to decode their vocabulary :d, 
  my keybindings for q-w-e-r are s-w-a-g , i am silver 2 but it was worth . 
  actually no .
