  ~ $ 120 usd / week to workers . 
  they wo n't pay that to an american lol . 
  mexico city ? 
  taste northern food ( comida del norte de mexico ) , more traditional and of higher quality ingredientes !, 
  or they know what a failed state is but they have never been in mexico and all what they know about mexico are the things posted in r/worldnews, 
  baja , texas , newmx , arizona . 
  what else ? 
  `` no son , i already told you we ca n't get married ! '', 
  right ? 
  the only thing you want to do is to fuck that lying whore !, 
  haha just kidding , i really miss her . . :'(, 
  we are talking about mexico city . 
  come live to the city i live in and you will see a fucking difference . 
  yeah !, 
  that 's why north korea is the best korea . . damn . 
  you sound salty man !, 
  save all the messages , 
  i am mexican and live here in mexico . 
  i am 23y/o . 
  since i was a kid i always wanted to go trick or treating , i never could do it because well , i did n't live in the usa . 
  i would not mind going now , but i understand that it would be really weird to go at this age :(, 
  probably i can go with my little cousin ( when he grows up , he is 1y/o , living at texas ) . 
  not an advice , i wanted to vent :( r.i.p. 
  my childhood . . :(, 
  hahaha, 
  is your name teemo ? 
  you are just a fucking idiot who knows nothing about my country , go fuck yourself man , 
  yeah , as a mexican i can list you the states you should n't visit . 
  tamaulipas ( the place where the guys in the article were killed ) , , guerrero , oaxaca , sinaloa , chihuahua , durango , michoac\u00e1n . 
  ohh and estado de mexico and d.f. 
  every other place is safer than those places . 
  by the way , not every city is dangerous , but if you are going to travel to mexico at least try to know the place you are going to before going there . 
  but even as a mexican i would not go to tamaulipas , that place is a shithole . 
  amlo wo n't change anything . 
  haha, 
  lol my bad , i am kinda drunk , but yeah , the `` caballeros templarios '' are so evil :(, 
  high class areas probably are . . 
  yeah , 7 inch long is not that bad, 
  yeah , i mean , why do they put a gun in that guy 's head to make him fight ? 
  did you just imagine your dad having sex with you ? 
  that 's weird . 
  she is upset because she got caught in the act , not because of her own actions . . 
  you are so ignorant . . 
  i am mexican myself , i could explain how all your statements are wrong but i do n't want to waste my time here . 
  lol man , tijuana is a shithole . 
  do n't generalize mexico using a border town as example . . 
  that might be true , i am talking about the repatriation being almost non-existent . 
  how this idiots get a girlfriend and i am still single ? 
  lol i am not even ugly !!, 
  i love border collies , best dogs in my list :( i want 1, 
  even op is puting sanctions against ru for invading ukraine . 
  for those who does n't speak spanish , the picture says, 
  van : you are going, 
  a. : to, 
  i want to see them pictures :3, 
  i know , right ? 
  it 's just awkward if you make it awkward , 
  like op 's girlfriend ? 
  i know , right ? 
  most rengar players are assholes . . 
  gas *, 
  i know , right ? 
  god bless canada !, 
  it 's not that they had good vision control , fission had a shitty one ... at some point lolpro just sat in a bush and wait them to push so they could kill them twice . . 
  how much time have you been together after that ? 
  well , she is white , she can do whatever the fuck she wants ... right , hitler ? 
  latin male here , am jealous . . 
  it is not , when you are at r/bigdickproblems . 
  this and i would not raise my children in a marriage when my partner is a cheating sociopath whore . . 
  rip galio, 
  a minion that deals magic damage, 
  see , i am already practicing :d, 
  is this real ? 
  you must not be a very good one . 
  source . 
  i am mexican, 
  do you have a source man ? 
  i would not mind a few ar-15 in case my government try to kill me like they have killed students in the past , but this is a fight that can be won without violence !, 
  do you live here in m\u00e9xico or you are just judging for what you see on a few posts ? 
  mexico is a good place to live , if it was not for the cartels / corrupt government , we would live in a great country . 
  i have always said this , mexico has the resources to be a first world country , even to have a better economy than most european countries , but then again , that will never happen with the actual repression and violence caused by the government/cartels . 
  that 's the point man , do you think mexico would be so fucked up if we could defend ourselves against cartels/government ? 
  pls . 
  my dad earned 70 dlls/week when he raised me and my brothers , he did n't have a degree or did n't even finish highschool , he worked his ass off to get me and my siblings the best education he could pay . 
  my entire life i have been poor , studying at public school just like the average mexican . 
  and do you know what ? 
  we made it , my big brother got a scholarship in one of the best universities in mexico , i got one in another university 2 hours away to my home town , again , a publich university because i could not afford to move farther . 
  even though i was poor , i did n't chose to become a looser , i read every day and studied so i could pick a career that i like and am good at . 
  i was offered a job at houston when i went there , with the possibility to get a work visa , but i rejected it because i am still working hard to get my degree . 
  do you think i am a privileged mexican ? 
  i ate beans and eggs sometimes 3 days in a row because my parents could not afford more than that . 
  yeah , there might be people in worst situations but i did n't ran to the united states just to be someone . 
  that 's the difference between you and me , that you are just a fucking coward that ran away when he saw himself in trouble . 
  let them rain !, 
  seriously , i am mexican and know the american anthem :p i would 've done the same, 
  the first time i went to visit usa , it was a 4th july . 
  can you imagine my impression of your country , i saw a 4year old girl singing the star spangled banner on the street . 
  everyone was so proud of being american , you love your country and that 's why some people from around the world hate america , but you love your country and are proud of been born there , no matter what . 
  since that time i loved your country , but loved mine even more and wished all the mexicans loved mexico as much as you love your country , if we would do that , mexico would be a better country . 
  fuck those guys , they tried to invade mexico in 1862 , but we kicked them asses because of freedom .
