  your government do n't give a shit about you , they server corporations/billionaires . 
  that 's a different way of corruption . 
  i know my country is a shitty one ( definetely not a third world country , but not first ) . 
  i forgot you ca n't discuss with capitalists . 
  they just do n't understand , or they would n't be one in the first place, 
  ahh . . conservative latino parents . 
  worse kind of latinos haha, 
  not just because faker is the best , but qt has never been the best , even in na ... 
  i did n't ask you, 
  `` how u doin ' fellow kids ? '', 
  can confirm , got banned off / r/the _ donald because i said he was a fascist lmaoooo , i was n't even kidding . 
  he is a fascist, 
  yeah !, 
  hahah the only shitposts that matters !, 
  i am tired of seeing shitposts from / r/the _ donald, 
  i am not a deplorable . . but i do n't think you know what a succesfull democracy means . 
  i hate trump but hillary is not any better, 
  you lost this / s, 
  you dont know me or why i think this way ... 
  i would vote for hillary if i was american . . but i still think she is a bad person, 
  it 's a combination of different words ( stupid , dumbass , asshole . . ) that had to be combined in a word because saying all of them coul n't be offensive enough, 
  and he is n't good enough to be a top 4 adc in na, 
  c9 did better at worlds than tsm ... like every year, 
  only one advancedto groups stage, 
  now i am goin ' to jail ( worth ), 
  not good enough tho, 
  we also would have more chicharito . 
  the greatest striker of our time, 
  liciadaaaaa, 
  `` i 'm frustrated with america because they did n't stand up to these guys , '' olson said . 
  `` they said , ` we hate both of them , but we 're still going to choose one of them . ', 
  it 's not ok . '', 
  the kid is amazing indeed . 
  american are some bunch of pussies for letting this happen . 
  that 's literally what a lot of my friends think . 
  `` woooow , they really voted for that clown ? 
  we better build that wall and keep those stupid shits over there '', 
  not the west coast or the north-east , they are good intelligent people !, 
   correct there, 
  their, 
  they 're *, 
  it 's only free if you are white and/or have money . 
  the good ol' `` i never lived in a socialist country but i hate it still . '', 
  i wish i could respond but i have exam tomorrow and have to read about urbanism and economy . 
  i have to study because i actually give a shit about environment and the well being of society , not just about fucking profits . 
  because i am damn socialist and i care about people and society , not just fucking money, 
  you live at canada , of course you will not complain about fucking socialism even though you have lived in a country with leftist tendencies . 
   that is one of the problems of socialism imo , it separates us into camps, 
  and building a wall is not separating people into camps ? 
  favelas is not separating people into camps ? 
  ghettos is not separating people into camps ? 
  if you care about society you are n't a capitalist , because capitalism is about profiting off people and destroying habitat to accomplish it . 
  actually , my thesis is about segregation as a phenomenon of capitalism . 
  and what you are saying is exactly what it is about . 
  ironically you speak like a socialist , but not an informed one . 
  i can recommend you a few books , i know i wo n't make you change your mind but those authors probably will . 
  i do n't have the answers for everything , everyone who claims that is bsing you , but i know something . 
  the biggest difference between both systems is about ethical values . 
  capitalists just care about profits as i said already but there has n't been a socialist country like ever . . the closest was cuba and embargs from the us fucked them up . 
  can you imagine what would happen if they were not constantly getting fucked by the us ? 
  actually , cuba is the only country were analphabetism does n't exist . 
  maybe she was fat , does n't count, 
  a girl rapes a guy - `` lmao , how is that even possible ? 
  a guy rapes a girl - `` jail him ! '', 
  add that to the fact that a girl can claim rape and there is nothing u can do to prove otherwise, 
  salty arsenal fans lmaooo, 
  i am not condoning raping u shit . 
  i am just saying that double standards exist and they suck for all of us . 
   being a disappointment is ok as long as you have a loving family . 
  my motto, 
  lmaaooooo, 
  i do n't know what the fck are you guys talking about xd, 
  oh god . 
  you mad bro ? 
  brainwashed piece of shit , we actually read, 
  some never learn lmaoooo, 
   they waste their money , they spend their time maintaining lifestyles they ca n't really afford , and then they blame it on other people, 
  dude , you literally said what people who voted for trump think , and i am not talking about liberals . 
  poor conservatives blame mexicans for their shit and go vote for a billionaire candidate who knows nothing about the 90 %, 
  i understand why would you vote for him , but , dude , you had bernie sanders whom had everything you wanted in a president , except for the racist/bigotry . 
  and will be reduced more , once trump becomes the president . 
  they do n't , that 's what nationalism is for . 
  brown skinned ? 
  fuck them, 
  your *, 
  yeah , that 's why you keep a safe distance . 
  those are two different situations . 
  your looks like the other guy was guilty of causing the accident . 
  on the other hand , the brother of the guy telling the tale probably was too close to react and is the one to blame for his own accident . 
  most taxi drivers work for cartels as informers . . he worked for the wrong one i guess, 
  taxists work for cartels as informers . 
  probably not innocent, 
  you are overestimating me, 
  fucking clowns . 
  i hope they get what they deserve, 
  i was talking about fines but your idea is way better, 
  so , you are a 6 ??? 
  dude . 
  it is television . 
  stop overthinking and enjoy .
