  just as pacquiao and mayweather fight xd, 
  why not ? 
  he is a mexican hero and players respect him , a lot . 
  he lacks experience but you ca n't get experience if you do n't go out there and get it . . 
  people communicating to solve their problems !!, 
  am i in the right subreddit ? 
  your story seems familiar because i am that warwick , 
  i know , i am mexican and speak english nearly fluent , when i go to usa to shop or just as a tourist i only speak english even if people is latin or mexican . 
  they always kept trying to speak to me in spanish but i just respond in english xd, 
  i play with 140ms from mexico on na server , do n't be a whinny bitch and embrace our pain, 
  i 've been playing since season 1 , lan server was introduced in season 3-4 . 
  and i prefer the na server still because i got like 20ms more than being in na . 
  lan servers are located in florida , they are n't even closer to mexico than california lol, 
  i 've been playing since season 1 , lan server was introduced in season 3-4 . 
  and i prefer the na server still because i got like 20ms more than being in na . 
  lan servers are located in florida , they are n't even closer to mexico than california lol, 
  copied this from other comment i made, 
  beer is cheaper than in american stadiums ( in case you are american ) so you will have a great time over there xd, 
  hey , i 've never met u i guess, 
  is mexico between those countries ? 
  7-1 never forget, 
  can you imagine gamers going to war ? 
  i 'm sure i 'd die almost instantly because i would go too ham engaging the enemy, 
  never excuse yourself for your bad english , we have to start somewhere and if some native speaker corrects you that 's a great way to learn !, 
  oh baby , yeah i would . . 
  i 've played from 60 to 140 for about 3-4 years . 
  trust me when i say that ping is ok until you pass 100 , you ca n't play high skilled champions with 90 + ping . 
  i just spam amumu/warwick when that happens . 
  he watch her every morning through her window while hiding, 
  source : hooked up with a girl i met in tinder, 
  til, 
  who would n't ? 
  al igual que / r/germany, 
  that makes no sense !, 
  this is why experience matters in this game !!!, 
  omg remilia is amazing as thresh , why would n't they ban him ? 
  that 4th game as morgana was amazing too , that entire game 4th was a piece of art !, 
  b. . but the memes :(, 
  does scarlet had 100k + viewers watching her play ? 
  a lot of people like remilia , most of them came to see her play at twitch today but not all of them comment , it 's well known that just kids/idiots spam chat with shit , you are not better than them if take their comments too seriously , ignoring them is the best way to handle it . 
  is that true about remilia ? 
  i do n't mind and i think she is really awesome but i did n't know !, 
  if you pay attention to the 5 games you can see it was not about luck but good/bad strategies . 
  on both lost games they were trying to play for alex ich ( lvl 2 ganks on mid and picking lee sin to put pressure on mid ) . 
  all the other games they focused in team play . 
  i know !, 
  i 've seen her play since they were at misfits ( i 've always been a fan of alex ich and rf since he made his pick up girls video ) and thought it was amazing to see a girl playing at this competitive level . 
  they are my favorite new team and i really hope she stays with the team :( her thresh is one of ( if not ) the best in the west ... 
  that 's pretty acurate, 
  than *, 
  en saltillo est\u00e1n la general motors y chrysler, 
  just do it, 
  you have n't had enough mexican churros then, 
  yesterday you said tomorrow , so just do it . 
  as a main support janna main i always make my carry actually carry until he jumps on the enemy team trying to focus their adc and getting deleted instantly, 
  b. . but there 's not memes in real life :(, 
  grandma , i swear if u do n't vote for bernie i wo n't ever eat your food again . 
  you are just fat, 
  for the price you will pay for an average american degree you can get in one of the best mexican colleges ( tec de monterrey ) . 
  what i realized being in houston is that life there is not as fulfilling as life in m\u00e9xico is for a lot of reasons , i 'd advice you coming to mx for 1 semester and see how everything goes and if you do n't like it go back to usa . 
  you are still young , you can do it , 
  people leaving m\u00e9xico do it for the money , they do n't do it to be successful , you can have as much money as in the usa but you have to work harder/educate yourself , that 's why it 's easier to move to the us and do a lot of money even if it means working cleaning bathrooms , etc. . 
  a friend 's name is lucrecia d :, 
  they wo n't send him to worlds xd i 'm sure, 
  wow , that 's so helpful !, 
  i am referring to the mexican war on drugs . 
  the one where 60k + people died . 
  c9 will go to worlds m8, 
  i remember when i played halo 2 when i was a teenager , i used to shoot the birds at the ring using a tank xd i did it for hours sometime, 
  i love you man, 
  i love you as a friend ... 
  than * if you are going to insult at least do it correctly, 
  69 ping and you are already crying ? 
  east coast players have been playing over 120 + ping for some years . . 
  they started playing at the top level just when hai came back into the team as a player , 1 month of games without prior experience playing jungler . 
  they showed the best games in the last few weeks of the lcs , i am pretty sure they will perform better than any other team in na even if they go to worlds . 
  first step . 
  stop playing teemo devourer jungle, 
  like , at least twice as big . . 
  those were dark times right there . . 
  my pc can only handle 480p and it 's lagging still : c, 
  financial aid ? 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  wow , savage ... 
  she is an asshole ... 
  source : i am an atheist . 
  he was talking about mexicans , not cholos or mexican americans or whatever the fuck they think they are . . 
  do n't confuse cholos with mexicans , cholos are a very americanized thing . 
  i know , i 've been in the us too and know how mexicans tend to act xd, 
  worldnews user are just stupid , they call mexico a failed state , as if they were mexicans hahaha, 
  matar un animal por entretenimiento es un arte ? 
  wow . . 
  i do n't think so !, 
  comer ? 
  un punto que manejaban a favor los de las corridas de toros era que toda la carne del animal se usaba . 
  bravo !, 
  you have n't been here for too long then, 
  dark days were those . . we are getting better though . 
  it 's easier than studying , which most cartel members do n't want to do , easy money , worth the risk ? 
  not for an educated person .
