  but just do it !, 
  `` college town '' . 
  well , there you go , that town is expected to be more educated . . 
  did you try the pokemon game ? 
  one of us , one of us !, 
  i 'd say `` u wot m8 ? 
  stop criticizing me !! '', 
  a good stream would be appreciated my boys !, 
  i love you !, 
  just in time to see chicharito score . . :d, 
  americanists *, 
  [ ayy lmao ] ( https://fbcdn-sphotos-c-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xaf1/v/t1.0-9/12227624_741659575978176_6550895857012083668_n.jpg?oh=23b45c3262d8e09169cbe10b8938c5f1&amp;oe=56f27fb9&amp;__gda__=1454458632_c6e3eaa1c4b0aa10dfcaa4a38d6c4b26 ), 
  he was totally gay !, 
  it would n't be the first time that the united states ' media do that to justify a war against a country . 
  they have been doing it for the past 70 years . 
  portrait a country as a treat for the american people so they are `` ok '' with your army invading said country and having control of the whole region . . 
  the best example is iraq . . 
  that 's one of the many things about being rich i guess . . 
  you can say whatever the fuck you want and get away with it, 
  at least in the debates they talk about iran as being the main concern to american security , that translates to bomb the shit out of them . . 
  the land of the free , uhh ? 
  repetir hasta que empiece a salir una gran ganancia xd, 
  you wo n't be a good economist then . . 
  social democracy is not about socialism , but having a capitalist market with socialist programs ( universal healthcare , free college education , etc. . ), 
  i am mexican and i think your comment is way too dumb . 
  even us have these things we are talking about , how is it possible that a `` third world country '' ( as most americans consider mexico ) have the most basic rights every human should have ( education & healthcare ) and your `` first world country '' does n't ? 
  or you have to pay enormous amounts of money to have ? 
  i think it is because of ignorant people , who stand against progress . 
  the capitalist market wo n't disappear if bernie gets elected . 
  think straight . 
  you would n't have that many debts if you stop spending money in wars yourselves provoke :d, 
  that 's why i want bernie sanders to win , because he will stop causing shit all around the world as all the other american presidents and fix your own country which have more influence over our government than ourselves ... 
  we have our own problems , yeah , thats for fucking sure . 
  but being under the influence of the us financing war ( which is how the capitalistic market functions ) will never help us to make of our country a better place . 
  how is marijuana illegal and soda is not ? 
  holly shit, 
  hey stop that !, 
  my poodle is really smart , he almost never eats his own shit anymore !, 
  so , missy does n't have the ticket already ? 
  that 's great news !, 
  then there is no problem !!!, 
  you did n't promise her anything , let your sister deal with the consequences :p, 
  are you talking about mx or usa ? 
  you are n't a socialist oriented country . 
  you will know what it is when you live in one . 
  come to mexico and check that xd you will be disappointed in your government after that, 
  that 's the fucking deal dude , who are you in debt with ? 
  is nestle going to invade you because you did n't pay what you owe them ? 
  xd seriously ? 
  fuck corporations , fuck capitalism in its pure form . 
  best 6 minutes of my day :d, 
  which european team is about to get fucked by c9 *, 
  ftfy, 
  no jokes . 
  money = friend = capitalism, 
  tl ; dr of your update will be :, 
  `` you were right , bf is a douche , broke up with him and he did n't took it well ... '', 
  indeed , i do n't live in usa, 
  i am not american and am at exams , not time to go out and live some adventures xd, 
  they are playing like shit . . but schalke is playing worse, 
  xd solves everything, 
  mods ? 
  you mean the one without sir alex ?? 
  es en serio . 
  that 's just stupid . 
  give special treatment to a player just because he is good . 
  that 's what happens with real madrid and cr7 , and tell me how many titles have they get since cr7 arrived to the team , compared to barcelona ... 
  ayyy lmao, 
  halo books were what made me get into engineering . . 
  i always am happy when even americanists recognize chicharito as a good player ... you are always pieces of shit to everyone who is not in your team xd, 
  i will always hate manu since sir alex left the team : / they are a piece of shit now for me . . 
  i will always hate chicha since sir alex left the team : / they are a piece of shit now for me . . 
  lvg system, 
  lvg system, 
  that 's what everyone repeat , every fucking time ... 
  your system sucks if you ca n't include a good striker in it . 
  and their defense looks like shit right now . . 
  anyone who knows about football knows this . 
  you surely are . 
  corrected it, 
  lvg, 
  yeah , basically ... 
  i look forward to the europa league so i can watch chicha scoring against united xd, 
  that could affect john-s divorce though . . 
  been there . . 
  i will quote you this comment when trump commands the us army to invade m\u00e9xico , my country . 
  i still get nightmares where bellarabi never pass the ball . . oh wait , that 's real life . . 
  edit . 
  aaaaaaand he did it again . . 
  engineering ? 
  it happened !, 
  `` but he is overrated !!! '', 
  guys chill ... that 's why no one likes us here t-t, 
  ca n't argue against that logic . 
  number 3 in the world, 
  number 1 in my heart, 
  he was n't . 
  how many world cups has england won in the last years ? 
  m\u00e9xico has a population of 100 + millions . . 
  i 'm pretty sure they have one of the biggest fan bases of any german club right now xd,
