  i ask this because i 've been in the same situation as you , even though i did n't stop having sex and hooking around i was doing it without feeling something . . 
  even if exercising did n't fix it all it made me feel better physically and emotionally and i started to feel attraction again . 
  bruh , i am mexican and let me tell you ... 
  people from around the world think this is one of the shittiest countries in the world , whenever i tell them i am mexican they ask about cartel related deaths and shit like that . 
  just because i am mexican does n't mean i am a fucking killer or drug cartel member . . 
  but fuck them , they know nothing about my country , they will get fed with every shitty information they get from the american media . . 
  nothing will change, 
  what in the fuck makes you think that people in the outside did n't make that tunnel ? 
  hahaha, 
  holy shit , great summary of every infidelity post you made !, 
  no es tu compa , pariente . 
  pls respond, 
  damn , you surely are a tsm fan do n't you ? 
  i can feel the salt :d, 
  guys !, 
  spotted the brainwashed !, 
  i do n't think you understand the meaning of the word `` everyone '' . 
  just like every government right now , not just american !, 
  makes sense !, 
  and so do the us ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atf_gunwalking_scandal ) , rusia , most weapons cartels have in mexico are made in germany . 
  that 's on the mexican news but that does n't mean i do n't do my research ignoring the media and using other methods , one of those methods is asking directly to israelis they point of view on the situation ... just as i am doing it on this thread . 
  i know man , i can appreciate art and i love everything about it but let 's say i 've never been the most creative person in the world ahaha, 
  not real but definitely something trump would say . . 
  which is ok !, 
  i ai n't even mad, 
  that 's why i subscribed to r/relationships, 
  i am watching the right c9 !, 
  we did it reddit, 
  the only time when na was superior to eu was when c9 was the better team in na because every na team was trying to improve just to beat c9 , they did n't care about worlds or winning the split , their main objective was beating c9 . 
  now the top teams just struggle at any point of the season losing against any team . 
  the most consistent teams are gv and tl , but i do n't see them winning against fnatic or og , even less against korean/chinese teams : /, 
  `` contending team in na '', 
  it 's not gon na need too much effort then . 
  i mean s4, 
  it 's about the performance , last 4-5 matches c9 showed that they are top na team , they just needed a little roster change . 
  you do n't know that . . 
  the first game with hai playing at jungle after 3 days of joining they made tl tilt, 
  kill thousands of aztecs and blame it on them claiming they did it ( through human sacrifices ) to calm down their fucking gods . . way to go spain , way to go . . 
  no ur not, 
  he got his dream girl and he wo n't realize it until she is gone hahah , a woman who respect herself wo n't put on with his shit for too long . . 
  she did n't make you get rid of your car because she `` does n't love you '' . 
  she loves you and want to make you the father of her children . 
  i ca n't imagine you being a father , you are just a kid and need a lot of help which a great woman is trying to bring . 
  getting rid of your car is the least of your problems as other people told you , do you think you are less of a man ? 
  god damn you are stupid, 
  edit . 
  holy shit i was gon na edit my comment because i thought i was being too harsh , but i wo n't because you actually need to hear it from someone neutral , not your `` friends '' . 
  btw , your friends need to go just as your old car !, 
  it always does , that 's why i just play good champions that are never played at tournaments but are good at soloq , like ww or amumu !, 
  haha , the good old `` he is perfect but ... '', 
  he is an asshole , dump his ass or you will regret it in a few years, 
  riot gave already the reason of why they wo n't introduce sandbox mode and i think they are right at not doing it , at most they should give sandbox mode just for the teams but not for the public in general . 
  i guess you also manage a multi-million dollar company and that 's why you make that statement , right ? 
  that would be like making every skillshot not a skillshot ... 
  it seems like she knows what she did was wrong . 
  she wants to scare you but you clearly defended yourself , save the texts , report her , do n't say `` i hit her too '' , just say she attacked you , if you both go to court that 's when you explain exactly what happened . 
  that 's not an excuse to cheat and be an asshole . 
  i would never forgive or go back to someone who cheats under any circumstances and i 've done it in the past no matter how much i loved her , there 's not excuse to cheat . 
  i believe that people can change , but i do n't want to be the one fixing other people 's problems , if my ex cheated and really meant what she said about `` changing '' for me i would say again and again `` change for you , not for me '' leave and never go back . . 
  i do n't think this is a happy update : /, 
  edit . 
  well , it 's a happy update for op xd but there is no justice on this world :(, 
  he is just happy his neck did n't broke, 
  except for white boys , they ai n't dunking shit, 
  but i thought they were europeans !!, 
  they lied to me ? 
  `` and never talk about this again . '', 
  `` the jews did it '', 
  argentina 2010 and yeah , netherlands 2014 . . mexico in general has been fucked up in competitions by the referees, 
  even against croatia in 2014, 
  i wonder how people like him are in a relationship and i am still single haha, 
  edit . 
  how about enrique pe\u00f1a nieto the mexican president ? 
  but he ended up stealing my heart !, 
  than * sorry dude , i had to do it . . 
  someone understands it finally !, 
  centibro our lord and saviour, 
  i am at houston , i am mexican but came on vacations to us and i already want to go back to mx , i miss there , i want to get drunk , party , see my friends and family . 
  i do n't have any friends here :( but it 's just 2 weeks until i go back there !, 
  tequila can change that pretty quickly, 
  or stop being a fucking weirdo xd, 
  * dank son, 
  cuando ve\u00eda tv solo ve\u00eda ya sea caricaturas o documentales . 
  clg send their regards, 
  haha i can feel the salt on this comment , you do n't like either team , right ? 
  yeah , we like pain, 
  no place is safe !, 
  actually , just border cities and tamaulipas state are no-go area : o, 
  i am mexican , last month before coming to houston i paid a $ 5 usd ( $ 80 mxn approx ) bill, 
  i live alone though, 
  edit . 
  and it 's a 2 months fee, 
  plus a lot of lol players which we all know are pretty good people who never insult you when things are going wrong !, 
  le\u00f3n , guanajuato and the guanajuato state sounds like what you are looking for . 
  she looks like one d :, 
  see enrique pe\u00f1a nieto , the mexican president, 
  i do n't like watching football ( i 'd rather play it as do a lot of people ) , but i do n't mind watching football when luis garc\u00eda and martinoli are narrating it . 
  it makes it more appealing for me and i am sure i 'm not the only one who thinks like this . 
  a border collie would be great in this case , great energy level as a big dog but smaller , but not as small as a small dog !, 
  i mean it for the size of the dog :p,
