  unless she have a boyfriend , text her , or call her ... or do something u bitch, 
  damn ... 
  i do n't understand why idiots like him have a girlfriend and i have to spend valentine 's day single . . 
  : sigh :, 
  but i am just kidding , i actually understand why this guy has a girlfriend . 
  you need to realize that he does n't respect you , god . . 
  he is almost raping you girl , gtfo of that relationship . 
  i bought the most expensive steak in the market and now i am cooking some delicious dinner , while drinking a beer :d haha, 
  being single sucks but at least i get to know myself better !, 
  5 years from now come back to this thread and read what you just said up here . 
  you will want to punch yourself in the face , i swear . 
  they both did xd, 
  enough with the nazi jokes ... 
  they make me f\u00fchrerious . . 
  i am studying civil engineering , one of the main reasons for it was that i wanted to make my house as a forerunner construction ( of the halo videogame/universe ) . 
  and still is one of my dreams , 
  like , billions of them . . 
  why would you drive 3 hours to get some dick ? 
  i need a story m ` lady !, 
  it was announced in an official riot 's page . . 
  to anyone reading this comment , i recommend you reading `` el laberinto de la soledad '' by octavio paz , i agree with / u/darxeid . 
  there is a huge difference between illegal mexicans and mexicans living there legally . 
  edit . 
  the first chapter of that book describes mexican-americans 's mentality even after 50 + years of its publication . 
  weird . . 
  i know , right ? 
  haha, 
  some people wo n't react well ... 
  there is others who wo n't give a f *** . . 
  despu\u00e9s de un six pack , creeme que le doy a un 5-6/10 sin titubear xd, 
  that our flag was still there, 
  though , dude , it 's `` proof '' , not truth d :, 
  yet , 
  except for that guy whose wife cheated on him on a cruisier ... 
  is there something you always wanted to do but never had time to do it ? 
  `` peaceful majority is irrelevant if they do nothing '' . 
  i hope ... 
  probably not worse , but with the internet we are aware of all the shit that happens in our country , they did n't have this tool 20 years ago . . 
  yeah , for that an many other reasons communism becomes an uthopy . . it will never work in a real world . 
  i wish i was murican :( girls love them too here in mexico . . 
  hey dude , i speak spanish , it 's my main language and i am trying to learn english , probably we can practice together sometime :d you would help me to practice my english and i will help you to practice your spanish !, 
  i use autocad but i have n't learn 3d design yet , is it really necessary to learn it ? 
  national freedom league, 
  try okcupid, 
  freedom bringer *, 
  we need to know ... 
  i am a civil engineering student , mexican native and i am still living here at a city in the north of mexico . 
  i can help you out but i have to tell you something first , there is a lot of accents even in m\u00e9xico , the accent can change just from traveling 4-5 hours inside of mexico . 
  but i would be glad to help you man , i love my ` murican neighbors :d, 
  green stamina ftw, 
  hey , to be fair most mexicans love usa . . 
  in war times the government and people become one . 
  most japaneses fought the war because they were told to . 
  most americans fought the war because it was the right thing to do for the well being of the humanity . 
  most people are n't mad because the bomb was used , most people get mad because the united states used it , i am not even american and i get upset when people trash talk about them , but i just can think about how the world is a free world because the united states joined the war . 
  you are writing your shit here freely because the usa did everything on their hand , even sacrify their own citizens to guarantee that we live now on a free world and i thank them for that . . 
  you will try to find a reason to keep talking shit about them , people always do . 
  well , we were talking about americans , i think great britain was the one who won the war by standing against nazis in the battle for england . 
  but we are not talking about them . 
  i mean , i could mention the sacrifices that stalin did for the good of his people ( even if it was for selfish and personal reasons ) . 
  and churchill , i could n't express with words how much i appreciate that man . 
  i do not understand your hate against the usa , i hope it 's for a good reason but i will no answer from now on . 
  it 's just pointless to discuss something with people like you . 
  stalin sacrificed russian citizens for his own selfish reasons , not because it was the best for the humanity like british or other countries did . 
  i do n't see your point . 
  and what did stalin do when the nazis attacked england ? 
  what did stalin do when hitler invaded poland ? 
  answer this questions and you will know what am i talking about . 
  i know all of that . . what i do n't understand is , what is your point ? 
  i mean , we are not talking about propaganda , the main point of my comments is people who hate on the americans , not propaganda . . 
  but meteos ' ego is gosu , is n't he ? 
  the struggle, 
  ejaculated ? 
  this is the norm at any other country in the world i think . . 
  if i like a woman , the last thing i think about is having sex with her which is weird , it should be the opposite . 
  7-1 never forget, 
  words to live by . . 
  world war, 
  so . . being a brother ? 
  the winner , as always . 
  next thing you know , mexico is arming his citizens and invading center-america . 
  . . they are tits . . 
  i want to travel from mexico to berlin to watch the finals , do you think europe fans are the only one who will go to the games ? 
  i know they wo n't be the only one to go . . 
  haha people say this with every guest there is in si ... 
  well . . they were fighting for their freedom , not humanity 's, 
  and it is awesome !, 
  it 's not like we need a great military having usa as neighbors . . and m\u00e9xico is one of the countries that could build nuclear weapons and still do n't do it . 
  le olde red neck love , 
  a traditional mexican song ... 
  i fucking love it , it makes me cry like a little bitch . . 
  not the dankest tho, 
  it does n't make you a traitor , people is idiot sometimes, 
  which is ugly *, 
  10 % , 10 % , 5 % , 25 % and 50 % in that order haha and also biting a pillow also helps , my ex used to do that, 
  add me bro !!, 
  ign : endyhrion, 
  i will gladly talk to you :d, 
  hey , i am a 23y/o college student and would n't date a 32y/o woman like her . . 
  if she cheats on you she did n't love you enough . . is n't that a deal breaker for you ?
