  leans on china because it wants it that way , they could just produce everything on their own given the big amount of unemployed people in the us :p, 
  yeah . 
  i do n't understand why people is calling op an asshole . . 
  i think he is a great man who is helping someone who needs it . 
  if more people were willing to help others the world would be a better place . . 
  hey man what you are doing is really great , ignore all the people who insult you . 
  i think the problem is that they think you are betraying your girlfriend but it 's clear that she is the problem considering she is ignoring you . 
  you are a great person for helping someone who needs it , i wish there was more people like you . 
  i 've lived here my whole life , i 've questioned myself to join too . 
  as i said , not worth the risk . 
  even jesus fell before being crucified u.u, 
  it 's scientifically probed that jesus existed . 
  was everything on the bible real ? 
  probably not , but he existed . 
  imaqtpie is a great entertainer and a good player , but not lcs material . 
  not anymore, 
  back to the level of a low tier lcs team ? 
  he never carried his team like turtle or doublelift did . 
  stop embarrassing yourself . 
  everything makes sense now !, 
  thank you . 
  the greatness of a nation can be judged by the way its animals are treated . 
  actually i want to move to canada when i finish college here in mexico ( in 1-2 years aprox . . ) so , studying in a first world country university is something i am looking forward to do . 
  i will try to see other options but there is time to decide still . . , 
  i am studying civil engineering in mx , i think it is equal to a bachelors degree in canada/usa ? 
  i want either study a masters degree related to civil engineering or a bachelors in a humanities career . 
  ( sociology or something related ), 
  either way i want to finish my degree here in mx first so i can have a job in canada that helps me to pay the bills , 
  hitler was not a nation though . 
  makes sense !, 
  thanks for explaining  i guess if i get a citizenship and pay taxes i 'll be able to apply for a scholarship, 
  it is !, 
  tell your bf to stop being a lazy and take the dog out to run , daily , a lot . 
  tired dogs are more disciplined , exercise make dogs happy . 
  where were you when chaox left tsm ? 
  got ta embrace the memes, 
  i hate yo be that guy but . . `` they 're '', 
  yeah haha t and y are close :p grammar mistakes are n't excusable unless you are not a native speaker and still you have to learn the difference between they , they 're , their, 
  east coast master race will rise !, 
  i got to platinum at 120 ping playing as lee sin . 
  you get used to it , any ping under 90 is still playable xd, 
  there will always be excuses to be bad :p, 
  dude , how old was she ? 
  they are born stupid , nothing to do with education . 
  username checks . 
  and yeah trump is an idiot, 
  haha . . yeah kid . 
  but there is still people who think they are the weakest of the 4 , i do n't understand , the best games in this split were given by c9 after hai came back to the team . 
  he has experience now and i am sure he expanded his champion pool already , they will do great this weekend :d, 
  it 's not about faith my man !, 
  if they win their first series ( against gv ) , they will win the other 2 easily . 
  he could make reservations in a mexican agency in mxn ( mexican pesos ) and get it for 1/3 the prices he is going to pay in dollars . . 
  hey ahab , my ping went from 90 to 110 , i am mexican and live near the border with texas . 
  do you know if it will get better or will it stay the same ? 
  i 've been playing since season 1 and it 's really sad because i do n't like to transfer to lan ( i already transfered my main account when the server started ) . 
  i do n't think so , the server is located in miami not even in mexico or other latin american country , even chicago is closer to where i live than miami :p, 
  sadboys, 
  real corridos exist from decades ago , narco-corridos are recent . 
  i like corridos , some talk about real stories not just killing and beheading people . 
  the only group of people who hate corridos are chilangos , but they hate everything , even other chilangos xd, 
  i 've been studying about this . 
  how the conservative traditions damage an entire country . 
  dude , i stopped believing in outside media , mexico is not as bad as they make it seem . 
  they just distortion reality . 
  i 've lived here 24 years of my life . 
  i am not saying mexico is not bad , i am saying that every fucking country has its own issues . 
  go fix your country before coming here trying to judge someone else 's . 
  and outside media exaggerate everything . 
  i know , i always say that mexico is like texas with less money haha, 
  oh we give a fuck . . each one of us and we are trying to fix our country . 
  meanwhile shits from other countries come to this threads to insult our country claiming that the only way to fix our country is killing half the population with an useless war . 
  get your head out of your ass and dont listen the mediawho lies and exaggerate articles just to get viewers . 
  read what you say and think , if you are american how hipocrit you are . 
  yeah , i would . 
  his streams are full of tsm fanbois, 
  same with from north of mexico , but half the distance . 
  there was a thread in / r/worldnews a while back when a lot of people was talking about how they feel that kind of attraction and they feel awful about it and would never act on it , but it 's still an emotional issue they have to carry around :(, 
  found it , maybe some of this stories will help you find something useful, 
  why do n't you study an engineering ? 
  studying is free in mexico too , and still everyone in / r/worldnews calls us a third world country xd, 
  yeah i pay like 300 usd/year at my university for my tuition fees , nothing compared to 5-10k per semester americans pay xd, 
  i know man , i want to study sociology or something related but i am studying civil engineering right now to pay the bills xd, 
  still more money than art majors, 
  excuses . 
  imagine if he is taking care of your child one day and the kid falls or something , what is he gon na do ? 
  let your son die ? 
  fuck that , you deserve better . 
  you can have a husband like that , there is literally millions of men like him ,, 
  run now that you can !, 
  well not literally because your lungs would collapse d :, 
  xd you think we do n't get careers after college ? 
  come to mexico a few months and your whole perspective of your country will change my friend, 
  you ai n't wrong , but that does n't make u any prettier, 
  i do n't know which part he went , not a good one most likely . 
  ignorant people always has a bad time wherever they go so i think that was a reason he did n't like mexico . 
  the city i live in , saltillo , has great infrastructure ( roads , bridges , etc. 
  ) , comparable or even better to what i saw in houston . 
  we lack things first world countries have , but some of those things are n't even necessary here anyway . 
  when i went to the university to study i was gon na be living in an apartment that allowed small/medium dogs . 
  i could n't take there my 2 dogs from home because they miss each other when they are separated and get really sad .
