  i got gold 1 at season 3 before the reset , after that i got to the conclussion that i would not get farther , so i thought , why not ? 
  it 's not . 
  but clg might be able to win worlds after this rotation so it 's fine . 
  after watching my team lose against tsm like they did , i would sell my house just to see them wreck them noobs in the playoffs, 
  i will get downvoted for this comment but at this point i think the only teams that can beat the top 5 na teams ( lmq , c9 , tsm , clg , dig ) are alliance and fnatic . 
  you are probably right , as a team curse is better than dig but individually dig is better ( mechanically ), 
  i did n't even read the text , just reading the title i got to this conclusion :, 
  no , honey you are not an idiot for overreacting , you are an idiot because you are with a guy who do does coke and sleeps at his ex 's house . 
  edit . 
  a word, 
  c9 of course . 
  hey , in my country the consent age is 16 , so i guess it 's fine . 
  f is for flash haha this guy knows . 
  on a real note , i am sad for riot 's response . 
  so , we are safe at mexico , yay !, 
  na has clg though . 
  thank you for your answer , this is what i was looking for . 
  i want to study something related to languages or literature , something easy . 
  i could study an engineering but it 's hard to study that in my native language , i ca n't imagine myself doing it in deutsch haha, 
  i liked this faculty http://www.en.uni-muenchen.de/about_lmu/academics/faculties/fak_13_14_sprachlit/index.html, 
  but as you said , probably i should chose a less expensive city to live . 
  are you serious ? 
  you did n't point out that this just works if you are 8-10 . 
  i would kill someone if a book tells me that i ca n't masturbate . 
  2 gigantic dicks *, 
  where can i see the brackets ? 
  good , count me in !, 
  niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiceeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  hey chaox , thanks for this answer !, 
  i really needed to hear something like this since i am going through one of the hardest moments in my life . 
  move onwards / forget the rest, 
  i hope to see you later joining a professional team , you are my favorite player and has been for a long time !, 
  work ? 
  how do i eat that ? 
  why would a person lie on reddit ? 
  if you want karma go post something on gonewild . . 
  dude i went to that match live , all i could think was : `` balotelli is a god '' . 
  he fucked up the chivas ' defense . 
  you are wrong dude , add/adhd is not about `` not paying attention '' . 
  add is about some problems ( anxiety and lack of motivation the most common ) that lead to being distracted or not pay attention to most of the things one do . 
  it 's hard to explain in a few words , but yeah i get pissed off everytime someone claims to have add/hd , having it is a living hell if you do n't know how to handle it . 
  after reading your comment i got to two conclussions :, 
  you do n't have adhd and got diagnosed wrongly . 
  you are already taking meds . 
  i am sorry but you do n't seem to understand what add really is . 
  sorry bro , not a native english speaker , yeah it 's one of those 2 options . 
  probably both haha, 
  write less , most girls probably wo n't even read the text wall . 
  add me if you want dude , ign : bysenx, 
  i play with my friends from time to time , would be great having some american guys to play with , 
  brna used to have 4k + viewers everytime he streamed . . not sure why he does n't stream anymore . 
  that would be an awesome ign , brb . . 
  yeah , most latin americans treat gringos well . . 
  yeah . . 
  they should also go to a mexican barbecues . . holy shit now i am hungry :(, 
  i am 5 ' 9 '' , not as tall as them but you will enjoy it aswell . 
  mind to test ? 
  but you have the cute blonde girls so it 's worth . 
  i wish i could go back in time and get a serious girlfriend instead of one night stands or partying every fucking weekend . 
  i do n't regret any of it , but as you grow up , you start to feel more lonely . 
  i find it sexy and i ` am a straight guy . 
  but first ... 
  why would n't you want to learn spanish ? 
  we are cool people :(, 
  friendzone her dude haha, 
  it 's not a throw man . 
  that 's what defines the best team from a good team . 
  the ability to keep the game going even though you are behind , happens the same with c9 . 
  but , alliance wo n't get too far in the world championship if they keep giving advantages at early phase of the game . 
  martinuggla, 
  wow . 
  this story is beautiful and sad at the same time . 
  nothing compares to the feeling of growing up with your dog and then lost him . 
  i had pretty much the same story with my dog . 
  ohh i see . 
  `` i should buy a boat '', 
  as a non english speaker it 's painful to watch people make mistakes like that . 
  their / they 're, 
  your / you 're, 
  would of / would have, 
  people get paid to train dogs like that . 
  i have been playing rumble for a while and my stats are really good , private message me and i can help , 
  please delete your post :(, 
  he is like c9 meteos ' ego . 
  just that qt does n't hide his identity . 
  are you still there dude ? 
  no jokes dude , shut the fuck up . 
  i hate how leona does n't get any credit . 
  she made the play , faker contributed to it . 
  do you know what we do in mexico to people like you ? 
  not stomp , probably win a bo5 but still would be good games to watch  i am sure the west will play better this world championship , both na and eu are playing really well and improving . 
  they will take games from asians , and my comment is just a joke , every top 5 team in the west can compete against each other . 
  i really wanted to see raul jim\u00e9nez playing better in that game , i hope he has more minutes in the next games and show the world how good he is . 
  ohh , i thought there was a historical reason out there . 
  god bless america then, 
  why get maknoon when you can get nien ? 
  she is not crazy , she probably is insecure . 
  just tell her straight how you feel and it will be fine , a lot of girls think that by sleeping with a guy they will get to him . 
  it works with some but now always . 
  i would n't do this op .
