i was whishing to see aphro playing as adc in the third game ... best adc na, 
  the lack of leadership from saintvicios fu ** ed up the lcs for curse , just as hotshotgg said ... 
  enemy team buys a pink ward . 
  fuck your summoner spell ... 
  not aphromoo 's fault that clg is not advancing ... 
  nobody makes the plays as riven like he does . . he 'll still be brna for me even if he loses, 
  he took like 3 free turret hits ... he was winning that match :(, 
  he played better than zionspartan the second game , he just took some free turret hits . . that made him lose the game . . 
  my eres are bleeding . 
  you stole me a smile, 
  omg yes !, 
  i would be glad to participate !, 
  there 's a lot of papa johns 's pizza in m\u00e9xico . . and league of legends is one of the most played games in here . . 
  too sad we ca n't do that in m\u00e9xico :(, 
  yeah , but when you use the rp , the ip gets back to you :d, 
  u gay bro ? 
  you 're *, 
  sorry , i had to do it :3, 
  he took all the damage while vayne was autoattacking alistar , plus he got j4 's ult . . 
  i think that was more than enough to take some of the credit man . . 
  give your bronze 5 mentality a breath, 
  and i 'm here , watching streams with lag in 240p, 
  and the beard ... 
  as the new latin america servers are open , i need some advices to improve my support plays ... would be great if you can answer dis . !, 
  you are welcome into our server man !, 
  i 'm mexican but i would love to have some english speakers players in my friend list . . 
  ign : bysenx, 
  actually , the problem was voyboy with his `` aggressive style '' giving that first blood to kennen ... 0 top pressence the entire game, 
  support did n't carry this time :(, 
  cool story bro, 
  he needs a gap closer . 
  bait and outsmart him *, 
  he must be . . 
  i mean , he killed scarra . . 
  if i 'm not wrong , chaox used to shotcall and that was one of the problems that he and regi had ... 
  oh god . . 
  i feel like i 'm not straight anymore . . 
  best advice i got from there was :, 
  `` fap feriously , it works '', 
  inb4 riot nerf it again, 
  . / all worth, 
  lane mechanics too stronk . 
  10/10 would buy that, 
  actually , magikarp , because she is useless, 
  inb4 downvotes ... 
  thanks, 
  / punsofdamage, 
  lyon can compete against eu/na lcs teams aswell . . 
  i 'm pretty sure they will win at germany . 
  mad brs gon na downvote . . 
  tried to find the gif where a guy closes his laptop after he see something good on it . . 
  i failed . . 
  yeah , because you need #swag to improve in this game . . 
  metric system too mainstream . . 
  haha i made you math, 
  edit . 
  at sunday . . 
  i did notice it d : and i 'm silver . . what kind of sorcery is that ? 
  word `` trolling '' is being used too often this days that it even lost its meaning . . ask turtle about it . . 
  trying to insec and throwing away the enemy champion ... god **** it . . 
  stereotype ... 
  lyon will win , i saw them scriming against some na lcs teams , they could even play against any na top team and defeat them . . 
  oh no . . they do n't . . 
  `` counter jungle ? 
  that 's disrespect bro ! '', 
  then i proceed to counter jungle him and die trying, 
  '' / all worth it '', 
  riot fx your sht pls, 
  yes !, 
  and take my adc ( marksman ) 's cs, 
  all i can see is a person who has been a loser his complete life and suddenly he start doing something good . . 
  but that kind of people soon or later falls . . 
  the dog will play better than almost every bronce in there , anyway . . 
  riot pls, 
  7 ashes, 
  that stacked quickly, 
  that 's why you are in bronze ... 
  edit . 
  i did it for the downvotes :33333333, 
  smooth . . 
  bronze support, 
  i guess you never saw this video before . . 
  they had fun once , it sucked, 
  was expecting to find this comment . . 
  i 'm not dissapointed !, 
  he is one of the best supports in the world . . would be idiot from liquid let him go . . 
  your comment reminds me this . . 
  `` hello , i am currently 15 years old and i want to become a walrus . 
  i know there 's a million people out there just like me , but i promise you i 'm different . 
  on december 14th , i 'm moving to antartica ; home of the greatest walruses . 
  i 've already cut off my arms , and now slide on my stomach everywhere i go as training . 
  i may not be a walrus yet , but i promise you if you give me a chance and the support i need , i will become the greatest walrus ever . '', 
  but you are still in bronze v, 
  are you suggesting them to play completely naked ? 
  and lan/las servers . . get your shit straight racist moron :33, 
  `` you may never make a girls panties wet . 
  but maybe one day you 'll meet a girl who wont laugh at you for sharing one of her interests '', 
  best quote na, 
  most of clg.eu are from germany !, 
  everything makes sense now . .
