  are you sure you did n't mean 15 instead of 25 ? 
  yeah you would o.o, 
  yeah that black man was fucking cute, 
  i do n't blame them , they are there to stop drug trafficking , not to mess with mexican people . 
  if americans fixed their drug problem , mexicans would n't have to pay for those stops and we could use that money to make a wall and stop trump supporters from entering mexico instead . 
  she seems smarter than most of your friends as you tell us more about all of them xd, 
  sometimes telling someone to fuck off is not enough . 
  get better friends and do n't judge them for the chances they had in life , not everyone is lucky enough to grow rich , going to college or able to understand equations , that does n't make them less than you or anyone else . 
  they are friends you do n't want to be close to anyway . . 
  do n't feel bad , losing friends is like a bad break up , you will get over it eventually , join a club , go to the gym and hang out with your sister !, 
  she seems like a great sister and friend too , 
  did you pay for the trip or it was 50/50 ?? 
  so you want us to upvote a flag that does n't represent freedom but slavery ? 
  polls later, 
  just 2 % reporting chill, 
  he is going up boys !, 
  have you tasted heaven ? 
  that 's what it is, 
  i need my dramaaaaa :(, 
  i just read anime comments, 
   she says she will `` give me another chance '' to show her that i love her because i do want to stay with her . 
  i just do n't know what to do . 
  she is the only person i can truly be myself around and she says she ca n't be herself around me anymore . 
  are you fucking dumb ? 
  be a man dude , go no contact . 
  you do n't need that try of a human being , fuck that hoe, 
  i mean , she has had the dick of another man on her mouth and minutes later she kiss you and says she loves you . 
  just think about it . 
  she is super hot and he is not ? 
  hahaha very accurate, 
  i know , my cousin ( american , i am mexican living in mx ) invited me last month to her wedding this may . 
  i asked her if i could bring my mom to the wedding and she said yes !, 
  she did n't even think about it . 
  damn , he seems like a cool guy , you should date him !, 
  hahahaha you really think it was him ? 
  you poor little shit, 
  live off memes and dankness, 
  who cares ? 
  she seems cute :3, 
  as a catholic , ugh , catholics ... 
  you are not a software programming that 's for sure !, 
  please , tell me you do n't pay for all of her trips !!!, 
  come on dude ... 
  did she get angry at you for that ? 
  the sanders supporters are the most educated voters/supporters i see , as a foreigner it is more clear than for americans, 
  we fucking suck, 
  i thought you were gon na say : after going to a trump rally, 
  you are a karmawhore !, 
  olly shit, 
  then god have mercy on his soul, 
  you know what hurt him in the ny primaries ? 
  ny being closed primaries and the registration being closed last year . 
  he could 've win the elections easily if all of them were open/semi-open . 
  you sound like you want to be the `` cool '' parent just so you can brag to everyone about how much you support your gay daughter , but fuck your other kid because he is not `` different '' , he does n't deserve anything . 
  i would 've acted the same way your son did, 
  haha nice try, 
  i know , whenever i play league of legends or other games and i use a voice chat to talk to people on my team , they usually ask me how much time i 've been living in the us . 
  i am like what the fuck man , i 've lived my entire life in mexico . 
  he is a dude tho lmao, 
  i think it is legal in mexico too , in some states, 
  lalalalala cant hear you, 
  i just want to let you all know that if hillary or trump are elected your neighbor at the south welcomes you all , 
  we have free college education and universal healthcare :d, 
  no one is going to pay for that wall lmao xd, 
  every mexican i know would rather die fighting in a stupid ass war than doing what a bigot , crazy , narcissistic idiot says . 
  too biased, 
  even after all that i would vote for him instead of hillary . 
  but i would vote bernie if he was the candidate , he is the real deal, 
  and if trump had not say the stupid shit he said about mexicans most mexicans would be voting for him . 
  mexicans are very conservative , he just played his cards wrong . 
  jesus was also a socialist . 
  hitler = god ?? 
  let 's play a game . 
  who can spot bernie sanders ? 
  one thing most americans do n't know about capitalism is , for someone being rich and powerful there must be someone poor . 
  it is great for the rich though . 
   despite all the fear mongering on reddit and else where , it is beneficial for these countries to be in these treaties or otherwise they would not be joining . 
  it is only beneficial for the people in charge of said countries . 
  not the whole country . 
  is jill stein anti-vaccer ? 
  damn . . 
  would n't that be blackmailing ? 
  that would be worse in the long run . 
  just talk to a lawyer instead and see what can be done . 
  the problem is they only sell whisky , rum * , vodka , etc. . 
  they do n't sell beer at this club . 
  i can drink a lot of beer without getting drunk, 
  do n't say anything . 
  if they ask again tell them `` oh i thought you were joking lol ! '', 
  and leave it at that, 
  i am not attractive , more like average looking guy but i can relate with him . 
  when i went from `` civil engineering student '' to `` civil engineer '' on tinder i got more matches . 
  it is bad , it happens . 
  probably the situation is different since i am mexican but i live in a city with 3 + millions inhabitants . 
  it was weird when i traveled to the us , girls would look at me different . 
  i miss there :(, 
  i mean yeah , it happens for reasons , they can be good or bad but it happens . 
  i am starting to think trump is a socialist . 
  he wants to raise taxes on the riches too amongst other things, 
  `` tony is my less attractive twin brother xd '',
