  i will get downvoted for this but i do n't think being religious was the reason he made it to the age of 29 being a virgin ... 
  i think op 's problem is that his girlfriend had sex before he did . . not the actual lie . 
  when i was a kid until middle school i used to be bullied in school by other kids , since a few years ago i promised to myself that every time i see some kind of abuse i will intervene no matter what . 
  i wish i had met someone like you when i was smaller ... 
  i feel a lot of respect for you and what you are doing , you are a great person and an awesome human being for standing up for him . 
  good luck and i wish you the best, 
  much accurate, 
  psychological warfare, 
  * fuck the mods *, 
  and do you realize why she is divorced ? 
  lol, 
  national anthems ' comments are brutal too , i just want to listen the star spangled banner , i do n't want to be given a lesson about capitalistic imperialism you shits !, 
  best wingman ever, 
  or was he ? 
  4/11/4 no wonder he insulted you . 
  just change its slot . 
  wtf ? 
  there is more important issues ... do you know you can move it back to slot 5 after buying it ? 
   not absolutely necessary, 
  indees, 
  i thought it was a collie too haha i love border collies c : australian shepherds are actually very similar to the collies d :, 
  that 's what he meant , but / u/wasteofahuman meant `` he is '' . 
  one can see the difference between he has and he is , even though i am not a native english speaker . 
  lol no . . 
  edit . 
  for those downvoting me , imagine playing adc without a good support , you do n't miss them , you do n't give a shit about them because good supports are always there , taking care of you . 
  but when you are playing against a rengar , diana , zed , garen ... you better pray to have a good support . 
  noone gives a shit about supports because they are n't the ones to get kills , but try playing adc with a bad support and see what happens . . 
  adc , irony , i know . . 
  poor kid , i hope he does n't show up in this subreddit asking about how to get rid of crazy, 
  [ i swear to god . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8db_t10vcgs ), 
  `` that guy must be a pro '', 
  because you never were a soloq player only . . stupid, 
  he did n't mean it that way but he said it . 
  i had sex with a hoe a while ago . 
  it was just a one time thing and i made it pretty clear to her . 
  one month after that she talk to me to tell me that she is pregnant including a picture of the test . 
  i freaked out , i fucking thought my life was over and she kept telling me that she wanted to abort . 
  i calmed down and told her that i did n't want her to abort the kid , but i also told her that when the kid was born i was gon na take a paternity test . 
  she got angry and started yelling at me , but i was firm on my decision , `` if you want an abort you will have to pay it by yourself . '', 
  after that she said it was just a joke and then we stopped talking , apparently she was pregnant when she told me that , but the kid was not mine , she wanted me to pay for the abort and when i told her i wanted to keep the kid she freaked out haha, 
  good times, 
  edit . 
  she posts photos on facebook of her kid , that 's how i know she was pregnant but the kid was born in june-july . 
  if the kid was mine it should 've born in late august/september, 
  dude i love poker and that was the exact reason of why i told her i wanted to keep the child , i used a condom and i was sure i did n't get her pregnant , so i played the bluff card haha, 
  i 've never met a person who gives a shit about illegals in mexico , people even aid them with food and water whenever they can . 
  that comic is wrong and so are you xd, 
  if she shows the texts she will have more drama . . do n't show him the texts . 
  he is either sick or never was told to behave when angry and think that doing all that shit he will get his way . 
  but i 'd bet he is sick, 
  knowing nothin ' in life but to be legit, 
  every champ is playable . 
  i am gold1 , i just use kassadin , warwick and amumu and have been using them since the season began and all my win rates with them are higher than 55-60 %, 
  people do n't understand what makes a champ good is knowing its limits , strengths and weaknesses . 
  not which one is more played in lcs . 
  that 's a worrying trend for all the other analysts , they need to step up their game !, 
  actually it depends a lot about the enemy champ , the only necessary item is rod of ages , try to rush it as soon as you can . 
  as second item you can get zhonyas , abyssal , rabadon 's dependin on the team composition and your . 
  if your team is magic damage based get abyssal as long as your own team is not rushing the same item ( for the aura ) , especially if their team has magic damage too . 
  as your third or fourth item you must get rylai 's , the 40 % slow on the aoe is really nice . . plus it gives you resistance thanks to its hp . 
  if you need a defensive item get frozen hearth if you are against an ad team or abyssal if facing a magic damage oriented team . 
  boots , you can pick between mercury 's , sorcerer 's shoes , ninja tabi ( if they have a full ad composition ) or the cdr boots but i do n't usually take the last one . 
  just get rabadon 's as your second item ( after roa ) if your team is ahead and just if you are ahead too . 
  spam w to get your mana back , you can use it on minions to help you farm and poke with q-e, 
  do n't get tear , if you think you need mana regen get 1-2 doran rings or get grial . 
  there is a lot of things that helped me to become a good kassadin , but i think this are the basics of how to play him xd, 
  i think they are very good items on kassadin for late game , but you have to sacrifice your early game to get them , he is hard to play before level 6 already , you may or may not be irrelevant until archangel staff is fully stacked most of the time you do n't control the phase of the game if you get tear , you will be behind most likely . 
  remember that in the last patches they buffed ( or added ) the ap ratio on kass ' ult and the changes on the ap items too so i do n't make my builds mana oriented anymore . 
  i never get lich bane but i do get frozen gauntlet sometimes when playing against ad teams . 
  well , it 's na , you could make a team full of diamond 2 players and you would do fine . . 
  civil . 
  ning\u00fan recien egresado de ic gana mas de 10k al mes sin experiencia o es rar\u00edsimo ... 
  he will get all the pussy in that highschool if he wishes, 
  i think i read somewhere it means shit in norwegian or dutch xd, 
  - every argentinian , always, 
  not surprising at all . 
  most c9 fans really love their team and are one of the most positive fans in lol , they rarely trashtalk their team , i think the only time i saw a hate post about c9 from a c9 fan was when lemon was picking karma on the gauntlet , tsm fans are kids who leave the bandwagon whenever tsm starts to under-perform . 
  but still they have one of the bigger fan-bases in na . 
  that 's the joke, 
  well , he is fucking his mom , so i think they are even . 
  give her a chance dude and see how things go , i was thinking the same the guy in the comment wrote for various reasons . 
  there must be other reasons she went on those dates other than they being the `` first choice '' , you will never know if you do n't try . 
  as south as the border gets , then you will face a 20m wall and armed men guarding it, 
  i do n't wait , i tell them to stfu . 
  i already saw their shitty presentations and i did n't make noise . 
  fuck those kids, 
  `` my bf ( xxm ) hits me and cheats on me with everything that moves i ( xxf ) want to leave him but he also is the sweetest man in the world , what can i do r/relationships ? '', 
  mexican here . 
  what happens in the us affects the entire world , especially mexico , we are neighbors . 
  oh , and nobody wants to see trump in authority of the most powerful army in the entire world . 
  i am scared that he will go to war against mexico for stupid reasons . . 
  i saw him first when he did his ama :d and i am a fan since, 
  `` sex is great '' - op, 
  edit . 
  it worked !, 
  i know you do pussy3ater420, 
  most important rule for every mexican football fan, 
  on the other hand we ( mexico ) have free education ( universities ) , government pays subsidies to the cfe ( federal electricity commission ) and other service ' suppliers and everything ends up being cheaper here in mexico . 
  if you have a job and a contract you also have social welfare , which is not included in your salary , this means the company you work for pays your social welfare .
