  trump supporters are pissed off that / r/politics is banning threads about the violence in trump ' rallies from part of protesters . 
  pochos are not mexicans , we do n't want them here , americans do n't want them there . . 
  pochos are not mexicans . 
  and maybe they were booing the guy who fucked up the anthem . 
  people were booing because someone fucked up the anthem ( put chile 's one instead ) . 
  you can go back to / r/the _ donald now, 
  could have ... 
  they are chilangos , you have to understand !, 
  they never run out of ideas anyway, 
  yeah , a part of me died that day . 
  i ai n't even mad tho , caveman spongebob memes are chingones, 
  but we have chicharito , the greatest striker of our times . 
  `` he can get moody and be a bit of an asshole and controlling but who is n't ? '', 
  like , any good person ? 
  any adult funcioning human being ? 
  the fact that you do n't know the difference between social democracy and communism is enough evidence that americans need free college education . 
  mass-murdering communist regimes ? 
  like sweden or denmark ? 
  yeah , fuck them . 
  anyway , you better start reading and form your own opinion , not the one given to you by / r/the _ donald, 
  thank you !, 
  i 'll check it out, 
  wednesday afternoon , i have time still !, 
  a software would be great , it would help me to show some examples !, 
  fuck them . 
  as long as you are happy ( and it seems you are ) do n't give a shit about what people says :d, 
  damn , he must be great at eating ass . . 
  i would n't know of other reasons of why you are still with him ... 
  culpar a los partidos pol\u00edticos es ignorante y anti-revolucionario . 
  queen of concacaf ' second places and american football, 
  thats awesome , now if you stop fucking voting for hillary clinton you may not get deported . 
  anyway , trump will win the nomination now . . 
  it 's not that i doubt you , but your username made me laugh xd, 
  tl ; dr fuck hillary ( and trump too ), 
  great speech man, 
  yeah but i am ugly af so i may never find one like that, 
  hahahha i know xd, 
  run man run !, 
  as fast as usain bolt trying to win a olympic medal, 
  just wait till trump becomes president, 
  `` she is faking it anyway '', 
  dogy mcdogface, 
  not really , she only breaks your shit . 
  that could be a possibility only if she broke everything even her own stuff, 
  i just watch tv azteca for the memes . 
  if i wanted football analysis i would watch other channels, 
  maxi rodriguez , never forget . 
  no , it is not . 
  we call gringo to any american no matter their color/race . 
  it 's because calling you estadounidense is way longer . 
  gringo is the short way ... 
  a eso me refiero cabroooooooon , no dije que son socialistas , social democracia no es socialismo . . 
  yeah , peruans may use it in a different context . 
  when i say we do n't use it in a bad way i refer to mexicans from mexico . 
  we do n't treat americans wrongly , we love you actually . 
  when we see some white guy walking in our streets usually we treat them differently and with that i mean better . 
  you are like our big brothers who we are always trying to impress hahah, 
  of course mexican-americans may use it in a bad way because of their past experiences with racism , they are more offensive i guess when they refer to americans . 
  not here in mexico though, 
  i 'd rather cross the border in a raining weather . 
  if i run out of water i just have to open my mouth, 
  no s\u00e9 we . 
  people in mexico do n't use it as a racist slur . 
  we got eliminated of that world cup by this goal in the quarter finals . 
  there is the same post right here in the front page of this sub . 
  do you even fucking see the content of the sub or just go re-posting the memes you see around ? 
  come on, 
  leave him alone . . he is already dead, 
  unless you are messi and the defender is european, 
  i thought exactly the same . 
  i am mexican . 
  mexico is part of latin america, 
  he literally said mexicans are murderers and rapists . 
  but at least he assumed that `` some '' are good people . 
  for god ' sake dude . 
  i 've lived up there for a few months , i am mexican myself . 
  for most people and i guess trump included , most brown skinned spanish speaking illegals over there are called mexicans , even if they are from other countries . 
  you would n't last more than 10 seconds that 's for sure, 
  wtf ... 
  i mean , i am like that . 
  but am ugly so it does n't count, 
  yeah . . but `` he is not racist '' fuck them, 
  yeah , probably . 
  just like the uninformed rightist who think that trump is not racist . 
  let 's ask someone who is neutral and let them tell you what you think about trump . 
  it was a sarcasm u shit, 
  they should n't have a problem with that , have you seen their games lately ? 
  they put me to sleep of boredom : residentsleeper :, 
  or 1 minute if wind is on your favour xd, 
  one nice thing about english is that you can create words like redditing xd your english is pretty good , never excuse yourself for any mistakes !, 
  some self-defense classes , it 's always good for the body to make good excercise . 
  karate , tae kwon do , etc. . something like that . 
  it helped me  ( 25m ), 
  i joined the social democrat party here in my country because of bernie < 3, 
  hahaha accurate, 
  stop scaring me :(, 
  that 's not a taco , that 's a tostada, 
  and it is brazil . 
  getting fucked 7-1 at a world championship at home ... 
  if it breaks it is a tostada .
