  now kiss !, 
  \u00a1 good luck in this beautiful country dude , you will note that it is not as bad as international media make it seem , it 's good to have people who come to prove that !, 
  someone is jealous . . , 
  just let her talk , who gives a shit if people think you have a big dick or not ? 
  if that is your only card of presentation then you have bigger problems than having a bd ... 
  what games does he play ? 
  for your username i think you play league of legends , you can take him to an lcs game , they are held in la i think . . 
  just if he plays lol , do n't teach him to play it though , lol is a very stressful game to start playing . . 
  civil ( estructural or water resources , i am not sure yet ) engineering or mechatronic . 
  well , that 's why i came here to ask . 
  there is tutorials to block your infinitum modem so you are the only person who use it . 
  a friend had the same problem and fixed it by buying a router at a steren store, 
  looks awesome actually . . 
  everything in the netherlands is awesome as far as i know !, 
  haha ( except for that damn water trying to flood everything ), 
  i will check it out !, 
  thanks for your input !, 
  yeah , it 's canadian, 
  i live in the northern part of mexico , 5 hours away from austin ( driving ) . 
  i 've been thinking about texas a&m . 
  what do you have to say about your degree aerospace ? 
  i 've been thinking about it too . 
  berlin . . 
  i would love to go to germany to study , it would be my number 1 choice if i could speak german . 
  this is probably the best option of all i have . 
  i 've been checking the page and everything seems right for me !!, 
  what about extra-curricular activities ? 
  it 's not like motorcycle riders are genius or something . . 
  i 've seen enough r/whatcouldgowrong to know that . 
  i do n't mind if i am the only mexican in there , that would be cool , actually . . 
  is people cool with foreigners ? 
  what 's your experience on this ? 
  you are 21 xd there is a lot of people out there that would be happy to make you happy ... 
  learn to cook mexican food , it 's not complicated and you can use a lot of natural ingredients which are easily found in any supermarket . 
  people love mexican food . 
   am disappoint, 
  * browses reddit instead of playing *, 
  spam laugh as lux , you know , the usual stuff . 
  yeah , guy sounds like an asshole . 
  when she said this guy was from a conservative country in latinamerica it pissed me off , you know how we call this kind of people in my country ? 
  `` assholes '' like everyone else in the world . 
  being from a third world country does n't give you the right to act like an asshole and pull the nationality card . 
  which is ok because her number 1 priority is her future . . 
  can i ask you a few more questions about the university ?? 
  i 've been checking it out and everything looks great . . this is probably between my top 3 list and will apply as soon as i find all the info i need , i am visiting houston and want to visit the campus too . 
  are you at the engineering school ? 
  are offices closed at this time of the year ? 
  is it hard to get scholarships/grants ? 
  on your experience , what 's the thing they value more when they accept applicants ? 
  i am living at magnolia , tx right now and will be here for a few months , i want to practice my english . 
  i asked earlier and they told me i could go to visit the school haha, 
  what 's the max score in the act test you can get ? 
  what score did you get ? 
  i love texan girls haha they are so cute dude , i think that 's one of the reasons of why i want to stay here in texas . 
  texas am is one of the most famous american schools in mexico too , i read in the page that if you are a mexican citizen and apply to the university you can apply as a in-state student which is great !, 
  i found this act test , is this accurate from what you saw in yours ? 
  i actually read it in the official page , it said `` mexican citizens residing in mexico '' . 
  that was one of the things that convinced me to apply there haha, 
  found it, 
  https://financialaid.tamu.edu/international/types-of-aid#0mexicancitizenswithfinancialneedwaiver . . well now that i re-read it says `` mexicans with financial need '' ; i am a middle class citizen so i do n't know if i can apply to that , this is the kind of things i want to ask at the office . . 
  i think i 'll go tomorrow and see what happens haha it would be really hard for me to go to this university without a scholarship , my other option is or will be finish my degree in mexico and then come with a work visa to the us and then apply . . 
  thank you for your answers dude !, 
  i think it is proportional , cost of living in mexico is cheaper than in usa but salaries are lower too . . 
  even mexican government gives scholarships for mexicans who want to study abroad !!, 
  but i 'll have to check that out when the time comes , 
  myrcella approves, 
  damn dude , i went today to see the campus and i absolutely loved it . 
  i wish i could go to this school . . 
  someday maybe :d, 
  final question : is it very hard to get accepted ? 
  we did it reddit, 
  i 've been checking the page , i did n't even knew it existed and it 's great !!, 
  i found a group of soccer players and they have an event tomorrow :d thank you, 
  yeah , but some people has not self-respect and that 's why they stay with a cheater . 
  there 's where i live and it 's a really good place to teach english , i 'd like to teach but i do n't feel my english is good enough yet , even though my brother went to the best college and told me my english is almost as good as his teachers ' , so if i can do it you can !, 
  saltillo is a very americanized city , you will find places to go out , bars , clubs , museums and the infrastructure is alright . 
  it 's also considered one of the best cities to live ( in mexico ) but as it 's small ( population : 500k aprox ) people do n't talk too much about it . 
  yeah !, 
  mexico is really big !, 
  you can put half of europe inside the mexican territory and you would still have space left haha, 
  i am mexican yeah , i learned it by myself . 
  but right now i am at houston since i am on my summer vacations at college and came here to usa to keep practicing my english , 
  i like saltillo , you will like it too and you will also have a lot of job opportunities here . 
  there is a lot of foreigners companies ( chrysler / general motors i.e. ), 
  and most companies ask applicants to speak a fluent english so it is a must in most universities . 
  edit, 
  cost of living is more expensive than in other mexican cities but salaries are higher too !, 
  haha . 
  monterrey is 1 hour away driving so you have even more things to do . 
  well i probably exaggerated a little bit haha but it 's really big !, 
  `` the things we do for love '', 
  you can buy one of those at a fair in mexico too , for 1 or 2 dlls . . 
  do n't destroy a marriage just because you do n't feel comfortable with something , do n't be selfish and let them deal with their fucking issues . 
  she must be really hot for you to be thinking like this . 
  but hillary is doing it for them votes !, 
  sanders actually believe in equality . 
  what did they told you when they sent you back ? 
  on the bright side you have a great chance to get a degree , get work experience in a field you want to make a career and then go back to usa in 10 years legally with a work visa . 
  that 's what i would do . 
  i am 24 y/o and still say stupid shit all the time .
