  i 'll have you know , i once unwrapped a mazapan without breaking it , 
  we will get texas back . . soon ^ ^ tm, 
  thank you !, 
  amumu is your safest pick . 
  with the tank meta i do n't understand why people is not playing him , he lacks early game too but the difference is that unlike diana , he can gank lanes pre level 6 with his q. i play him a lot and have a good win ratio . 
  b. . but omar ? 
  yes you are !!, 
  btw , how did ned stark took jon snow to winterfell ? 
  xddddd, 
  well ... mexico is not `` sending '' anyone . . and he is not wrong at all , most engineers , university graduates , scientists , researchers chose to stay at mexico . 
  poor americans can ask for government aid in the us , that 's not how it works in mexico , we do n't pay taxes for other people to live at our expenses . 
  that 's why most uneducated people who ca n't find a job leave to the us , because uneducated mexicans will do the work that lazy americans do n't want to do . 
  ayyyy, 
  i grew up and still live in mexico . 
  we get up to 45-50\u00bac at least 1/3 days of summer . 
  take showers , drink a lot of water , try to keep you windows open at night so your house gets cold at night . 
  feelsbadman, 
  probably not too much . 
  when chivas played against milan last year 1 cup of beer costed like $ 9 usd ... 
  i can buy a 12pack in mexico with that d :, 
  aaaaaaaaand he is out :(, 
  they sell those in m\u00e9xico for like $ 5usd lel, 
  can confirm , i 'm good :d, 
  turtle *, 
  you are miserable in germany ? 
  i am miserable in mexico even though i can travel anywhere i want in here , climate is good , people are nice and food is awesome , and still i 've always wanted to go to live to germany :(, 
  because fuck you , that 's why . . 
  i do n't want to be `` that guy '' but , when has na been at its prime ??? 
  the only na that has put a good fight against koreans was c9 . 
   i do n't want to be `` that guy '' but , when has na been at its prime ??? 
   the only na team that has put a good fight against koreans was c9 . 
  i quote my last message here . 
  season 1 championship hooked me up , i 've been watching it since then . 
  so you call that `` their '' prime ? 
  dude , league was developing at that time . 
  i know . 
  it sounds ridiculous if you put it that way ... 
  it 's on my last comments . 
  mexico loves you murica , 
  google `` cuatrocienegas , mexico '' . 
  basically it 's an oasis on the desert , a lot of natural small bodies of water pouring out of the ground . 
  there is a national geographic documentary about it !, 
  not like every place , not a border city is like `` every place '' . . 
  i 've , sadly a lot of western media shows iran like a `` bad '' country but what i 've read on reddit and other sites about your country tells me that it is a good country . 
  i compare iran a lot to mexico for their similarities , mexico also has been target of a lot of negative news that sometimes show it like a shitty place but it 's not , i love my country and even though it has bad things as any other country in the world , it still is a great place to live . 
  how is life in iran ? 
  is it hard to travel there ? 
  what lies media tells us about your country which are complete bullshi * ? 
  did i just imagine a bald eagle crying ? 
  they are commies , they will betray you when they get the chance . 
  it 's their first game with hai jungling . 
  and they are playing against the stronger team in na . 
  they will get better , 
  mark my words , c9 will go to worlds . 
  then either start getting willpower or deal with the consequences . 
  so much misinformation about mexico , but well . . 
  this is polandball , i do n't know what i expected . 
  i was about to make a post like this yesterday when i saw yours , it 's basically the same issues haha . . it sucks , does n't it ? 
  and whenever i try to go out and find friends i feel uncomfortable out of my comfort zone and go back to where i feel ok . :(, 
  estudio ingenier\u00eda civil en m\u00e9xico . 
  tibia :p, 
  fuck u all tho, 
  probably you are too loose, 
  they are all that matters , just do n't think too much the situation dude , 
  ignore her and eventually she will get tired . 
  the mexican , i 'll guess . 
  you half white - half mexican , your dad is mexican too ? 
  i do n't know man . 
  he is black , what other proof do you need ? 
  being a dick is just part of the culture just because they do n't own weapons like in the us . 
  haha, 
  nah man , i just do n't like judging people by how they are born . 
  that 's almost as bad as being racist . 
  on the other hand you are n't born being a hoe and having your vagina loose . 
  judging someone for how they were born is almost as bad as racism . 
  it has nothing to do with being sexually satisfied . 
  haha i am not offended , my dick is bigger than yours and i can assure you that without need to prove it . 
  why so mad m8 ? 
  you know it 's true  do n't feel bad bout it, 
  great video m8 !, 
  i love watching your videos , it 's so entertaining watching mexico from an outsider point of view !, 
  we do n't have that bitch here in m\u00e9xico , i 'd rather live in a country with gunmen and narcos than that conservative whore . 
  you lucky guy getting hit by chanclas . 
  i still have nightmares of the belt that `` disciplined '' me . 
  i do n't think we watched the same games , as i remember , referees carried brazil to the semi-finals . 
  do you have more info on that statement ? 
  as a latinamerican i am interested in hearing that ... 
  except for those times that he goes 0/5 in 10 minutes !, 
  life lesson learned !!, 
  all of my friends always say `` i should n't have get married '' or `` use protection dude '' or `` pull out does n't always work '' hahaha poor guys , they looked so happy at their wedding . 
  op is not the `` sanest '' person if he demands her to gain his trust again after 3 weeks , this girl is having a lot of shit for her actions but nobody in here is saying how op sounds insecure as hell , he deserved everything what happened for not leaving at the first sign of crazyness . 
  just do it !!, 
  * flexes arms *, 
  haha dude , we got downvoted !, 
  damn :(, 
  you son of a bitch * makes close up of face ala himym *, 
  that 's not how it works !, 
  put all assholes in concentration camps !, 
  do you exercise ? 
  this is a serious question . .
