  everywhere !, 
  what are the odds of having kids with autism ? 
  i just see it happening in first world countries , i 've lived in m\u00e9xico ( country side ? ), 
  and never saw an autistic child but when i went to usa the first time i saw a lot of them . 
  i see them too at big mexican cities but not often . 
  it 's not gay if i do n't enjoy it , right ? 
  damn your comment is so stupid haha . . 
  he gave a championship to united for god ' sake . . 
  `` where is chicharito when we need him ?? '', 
  - madrid, 
  your picture is wrong and so are you !, 
  and i do n't use ed hardy . . 
  just like germany 70 + years ago d :, 
  ayyy, 
  damn dude , i knew that song and i like the rieleros but for some reason i did n't write their name !, 
  glad to know you find the song :d, 
  yeah , fuck op , we do n't need him at our games anyway, 
  3 letters lvg, 
  not with a capitalistic system . 
  both !!, 
  it would be great if i can share and see your point on view about how engineering is applied in society around the world . . 
   his mother is upset that his will focuses so little on his family , but shes always believed in letting her children make their own choices . 
  it seems like they already know the content of the letter, 
  when my grandma died on her bed she was with my grandpa , they were just chatting and were going to travel to their home city that evening ( they were at my uncle 's home ) . 
  when she was about to die she asked my grandpa to go take a shower , when he came back to their room she was dead already :( it 's like she felt she was going to die and let my grandpa go so he did n't see what was going to happen . . 
  i am kind of skeptic of these things , i consider myself an atheist but i even think there is things we ca n't explain . . 
  i 've felt this way before , like something bad/good is going to happen before it happens . 
  i am sorry for your loss op . . 
  she will end up killing someone , i would n't mind her dying for stupidity but text-driving can ruin lives and not necessarily of the one driving . 
  fuck op 's girlfriend haha, 
  i am riding a ponyta , what else u need to know m8 ? 
  it is the best mmo pokemon based game there is . . 
  hey !, 
  its name is pokexgame, 
  it 's pretty cool  do u wan na play ? 
  yeah dude !, 
  i found it a few weeks ago, 
  brb gon na punch a window xd, 
  probably not the same ot , there has been a lot of variations but this one is pretty cool and probably the most serious of them all . . 
  those are socialistic programs , we would still have a capitalistic market . 
  social democracy . 
  civil o un arqui que te la revisen ) . 
  it 's not the same . 
  religion = / = politics even though it used to be related xd, 
  it 's not about the border itself , it 's about showing everyone `` hey look , i am better at everything you do '' . 
  that 's all . 
  yeah sure dude , you `` unmatched her '' . 
  many americans come to m\u00e9xico to the dentist , it 's still cheaper to take a plane ticket to one of our cities than going at their own country xd, 
  this is how 4chan posts start . . 
  you molested me !, 
  and john snow . . 
  en peor estado ? 
  we have been through a lot of shit . . 
  still every time i hear my anthem it makes my blood boil and my heart beat like there is no tomorrow and i have to slay some european commies, 
  edit . 
  and you translated it wrong . . where the fck did you get that ? 
  that 's not what that part means . . and you did n't put the last part , if you are gon na quote something do it so it does n't lose its context . 
  and so is the marseillaise and both are considered the most beautiful anthems in the world . . 
  say you were too high to know what were you doing . . 
  that 's what people said about alliance and you remember how things went , right ? 
  and tsm has won lcs splits too , but how do they do at world 's championship ? 
  people always circlejerk at shit like this , they will do alright . . 
  i thought he was a dude d :, 
  entre autismo e ignorancia ... 
  right dude . . 
  do n't let that guy down , op !, 
  great to see some happy endings in here !, 
  that 's exactly what caused this in the first place . 
  stop causing problems far away from your country and destabilize regions for the sake of capitalism . 
  just like any other region ? 
  europe , asia , south and north america ? 
  there is shootings at usa at the schools every month but something happens somewhere else and a whole region/religion/race must be removed from the world ? 
  get your shit straight dude , this is not 1940 . . 
   those areas have been far more stable than the middle east for decades or more , except , i do n't know , the parts with cartels . 
  and do you remember the 2,000 weapons usa sent to m\u00e9xico to the cartels ? 
  or you did n't know about it ? 
  i want peace , i like to help and i will fight for a better world but slaying some islamic extremists is not the way . 
  killing people will just lead to more deaths . 
  chairos gon na chair !, 
  he did it boys ... xd, 
  ignorance is the best weapon of corrupt politicians . . 
  well , it 's her only weapon xd, 
  it 's like if you stop going to highschools or universities in the us just because of the shootings there is weekly . . 
  millions of people travel to mexico every year , you will be fine !, 
  * cheers *, 
  just so you know , i disliked the video because of the song , nothing to do with the quality of the video , just the sound xd, 
  must be some league of legends player i assure you that xd, 
  i never say this but ... you fucking savage . . 
  * the arabs did this * - cr7, 
  no way jimmy . . how can you say that ? 
  are you some kind of fucking magician ?? 
  god damm, 
  it 's not like your account 's name will be relevant at that point . 
  but then if they pull yellow/red cards the whole world hates mexico for being given a victory . . 
  you ca n't win at this game if you are mexican . 
  ayyy, 
  what the hell xd, 
  just scream ayy lmao while you fuck the shit out of her, 
  that always works no matter the nationality, 
  meetup.com si vives en una ciudad grande .
