  i need meds or something . . 
  i 'm done with studying even tho it 's my only obligation/responsability atm . 
  i do n't know what to do to fix this out, 
  5th year of uni , sadly in m\u00e9xico there is less chances to get treated for add at this stage of my life , since people think i 'm just a lazy fk . . 
  more like 7 '', 
  have some selfrespect and dump her . 
  his accent is very pure to be `` chilean '' ... 
  whenever i ear a chilean accent i think of something like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gd8odu_efki ), 
  fist *, 
  liberalism is ruining your country man . . 
  well , everyone know thoorin is an idiot , what did you expect ? 
  that 's why i do n't watch his show . . 
  yeah , sure ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  everything makes sense now . . 
  thanks mom, 
  yeah . . why people think pete won the big prize here ? 
  i 'd pay to have pete around :3 ( no homo ), 
  it 's not trash talk if you are telling the truth, 
  brb , going to get some honies !, 
  she is not even trying !, 
  altec wo n't play until tomorrow iirc . . 
  and yeah , today will be an epic day for lol na 's history !, 
  op please update d :, 
  did you get some korean honies ? 
  we need that vod, 
  yeah . . do n't do that . 
  you do n't want it to look like some pubs around your face . . 
  you look fine , just work out and go outside to get taned, 
  yeah , except for those cops who arrested me and put me on charges for resisting arrest and even put some white weapons in my care to put more charges on me , fuck those guys . 
  but as you said , not all are terrible , just 90 % of them are . 
  rip rosita :(, 
  mexico has the potential to be one of the best countries in the world , we have the resources to be . 
  one dash ahead, 
  mainly education , here is the deal and my opinion may vary from others ' . 
  one of the things i noticed is that here in mexico , some schools , most of the schools wo n't teach you how to be a good leader , most of the teachers do n't care if you learn , they just want you to approve your subjects and get their checks every week . 
  there is a a lot of brilliant students , but they never succeed because they do n't know how to be good leaders therefore the companies will not hire them . 
  most of my childhood friends got married after highschool , they got a job and that 's it , they do n't care about being succesfull , they just want to be stable . 
  they do n't teach you the importance of read , learn english , be competitive . 
  they just teach you how to do things . 
  and i get really mad when people who leaves to the usa says , `` i came to america because it 's the land of opportunities '' , i just think , yeah asshole , there is a lot of fucking opportunities in mexico but you have to look for them , they wo n't knock at your god damn door . 
  haha, 
  and that 's it , political system , division in society , brain-drain ? , yeah that too , but that would n't happen if people were educated properly . 
  i hope you understand my point , i had to learn english by myself since the english programs in public schools is really shitty , so my english may not be the best . 
  edit . 
  tl ; dr. mexico would be better if we had more leaders who are able to lead the country . 
  nah man , my rammus game was pretty boring , but blitzcrank ' game was fun af, 
  yeah , and i love his name haha , he is my second choice as mid laner after shiptur in my fantasy league !, 
  hahahhaha fking xpeke always makes me laugh, 
  hahahha awesome !, 
  i 'll sing it the next time i hear the rains of castamere, 
  what did you expect if he was playing 1 v 9 all the time ? 
  this game was awesome . . 
  it works at low elo . . 
  import one ? 
  asking the real questions . 
  probably not the same guy . 
  haha what ? , i will travel legally and will stay there a few weeks , i just want to practice my english and buy nice things :p, 
  i 'll go to houston , and thanks for your advice . . 
  do hispanic people really hate americans ? 
  my mom went there a few months ago and she told me that as a mexican , you can see the difference between a mexican and a mexican-american , the way they dress , the way the talk . 
  i just want to look like a normal person ... with different skin color, 
  any advice about how to socialize with english speaking people ? 
  i do n't want to hang out with hispanic people because i 've been told that they just speak spanish with other hispanic people and the main reason i 'm going to usa is because i want to practice my english . 
  and c9 would suck . . 
  i 'm sure you would be a great father , do n't worry , love is awesome and if you can find a girl who understands you go get her !, 
  it 's weird coming by someone called `` teemo '', 
  it seems like you need new friends man , 
  i ai n't even clicking it , i 've seeing things at reddit . 
  that 's what i expect from someone whose name includes `` twerk '', 
  it looks like a `` door ? '', 
  from where the players come in to the field i think . 
  like the guy that appears on pro players 's streams called omfgmynamewontfi, 
  gambit is my favorite team :( , but svenskeren is the jungler for my fantasy league team so i got that going for me which is nice . 
  it 's funny because that 's actually something thooring would do . 
  that 's not a prediction , that 's a fact . 
  barney stinson ? 
  oberyn vs the mountain fight , then you will want to come back and read this comment again . 
  i think your name is cute . 
  happened to me man , but still i ca n't improve my grades at college ( yet ) . 
  wow , look at the story i just posted man , exactly the same thing . 
  same story man :(, 
  try exercising and eating healthier , my social life and health improved but i still ca n't improve my grades at school , i 'll try to get medicated and see if works out better . 
  check my last post i 'd appreciate some advices too, 
  well , if i was in the employee 's position i 'd love to have someone to tell me about it and so i can get help . 
  thanks man , that 's a great advice . 
  this is a serious answer . 
  if you kill yourself how will you know how game of thrones ends ?? 
  the little things are the more importante . 
  hey man , your advice really helped me , i did well at the exam but i do n't know if i approved tho . 
  will have the results in 1 week but i 'm optimistic about it . 
  thanks !, 
  this guy knows what 's up !, 
  after a whole year of banging a hotter girl . 
  why ? 
  eu lcs games cured my insomnia * residentsleeper *, 
  it was you all the time ? 
  and again . . 
  yeah . 
  the refs sucks , it seems like they already have a favorite . 
  gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool :d,
