  nobody gets paid the minumum wage , it 's just a symbolical measure . 
  the difference between your minimum wage and ours is that every dollar matters in the u.s. . you have to pay for everything and all is very expensive , that 's why you are making those points based on something so trivial in mexico as is the minimum wage , which i repeat , no one in mexico gets paid that , not even the person with the lowest salary . 
  i guess we are some kind of social democratic nation , but poorer than the nordic ones xd, 
  edit . 
  dude , i want the best for mexico , i will never be able to make my country a better place if i focus on the superficial problems and that 's what poverty is , just the effect of several social problems that need to be addressed . . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  square up !, 
  fuck the non believers !!!, 
  c9 c9 c9 !!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  they got destroyed ... they are n't bad , c9 is good , very good ... 
  step 6 boys, 
  they did n't just prove everyone wrong , they showed how strong they are . 
  destroying one team in 24 minutes , that 's something you just do n't see at worlds unless the winner team is korean or the loser team is a wildcard team . . 
  you ca n't claim that you are the best team in the world and then be losing half of the game as clg did today . 
  a good team will destroy them . 
  m'brunette - __ karm, 
  hey whore , i called it 2 months ago , i will keep saying it when they make it through, 
  just people who do n't know shit about this game or people who think they know but actually do n't . . 
  [ how are we supposed to get dank memes if he leaves the desk ? 
  a real bro would n't ask you to go for a fattie or a -5 . 
  many `` analysts '' are wrong, 
  second best team in west , first is c9, 
  it should n't be , they are in europe , the land of the free . . oh wait . . 
  well i based my picks on my own analysis , the only bad pick was ldg because i based that pick in information given by reddit comments or pro analysts since i do n't follow lpl . . 
  fu ** reddit analysts . . 
  haha this is like a 4chan shitpost waiting to happen, 
  so you are a bandwaggoner ? 
  i expected c9 going out of groups but seriously considered fnatic to do better than they are doing it . 
  went with the lgd bandwaggon because fuck me . . 
  i would 've put origen in the group d first/second place but i guess i trusted reddit too much since i do n't like watching lpl ... 
  same, 
  but is he against corporate control ? 
  do n't feelbadman , i learnt english mainly when people on the internet corrected me :d there is a lot to learn still but i am doing it better now . . [ ] ( #face - support ), 
  `` there is no analysts without anal ! '', 
  who needs being tall when you 've got elo ? 
  learn to push/freeze minion waves , use it for your advantage . . 
  see ? 
  problem solved, 
  i could , i just trusted reddit too much, 
  both are right last time i read, 
  thank you !, 
  it 's time to get away from your computer and have a life then my friend . . 
  so you do n't have to see too many reposts, 
  norte am\u00e9rica  europa !, 
  i put them second , i predicted them to go to worlds after hai joining the team . 
  but i seriously thought fnc doing better than they did . 
  i trusted c9 to do well at worlds but trusted fnc to do better than them xd, 
  i got 3 draft wrong at worlds . 
  should have put c9 at top and it 'd be just 2 !, 
  we got the joke bro, 
  same . . 
  that culture is dying here in mexico actually ... 
  it 's more of a mexican-american thing now or at least that 's what i saw when i went to houston . 
  haha yeah i remember that ... good times, 
  that 's what happens when you claim to be the number 1 in the world . . 
  overconfidence kills guys . . 
  why people downvote a bot ? 
  fuck people, 
  lack of subtitles ca n't melt marriage dreams, 
  then you have a serious problem xd, 
  mexican-americans or illegals hate mexicans . . 
  i went to houston last summer mainly to practice my english . 
  the amount of mexicans who treated me badly was really high . 
  i came back home hating people . 
  when they asked me what was i doing for living i said i am an student and they would get mad at me for having an education , they would treat me like an spoiled kid even though i grew up being poor i know of all the struggles they 've been through . . 
  but americans in general treated me really well  i love them muricans, 
  your dad is awesome !, 
  being mexican is not about a citizenship ... 
  it 's about loving your country and drinking as much tequila as you can . 
  it 's actually like in the us , i saw it when i went to houston . . 
  capitalism fucks up poor ( that could be rich ) countries ... 
  let me know when you come visit mexico !!, 
  i will invite you some beers dude xd !, 
  why ai n't your flair faded yet ? 
  i do n't mind us government seeing my dick online , they will be surprised more than mortified xd, 
  hey i just checked your comment history and you did n't try it , you pussy . . 
  i know , right ? 
  ok thanks !, 
  i hope it is available for other countries !, 
  xd but i am from m\u00e9xico !, 
  and so was bill clinton , 
  the dream, 
  free education, 
  that 's it , i 'm moving to sweden/norway/denmark !, 
  i can relate to that . . 
  by their logic mexico is a socialistic state because we have free college education and universal healthcare xd, 
  i like how instead of you being posting about your bf leaving you for a 17 y/o , you are more worried for your best friend 's reaction !, 
  good riddance !, 
  haha, 
  and about your friend , just take your time , she will eventually apologize and if she does n't , it 's time to get a new best friend !, 
  i want to upload a video of mexico soon , i will post it on this sub , it 's about your country 's politics and some differences between both . 
  i just pay between $ 400-500 usd yearly at my university for my tuition fees , the government gives away scholarships for anyone who has a promedy between 8.5 - 10 ( out of 10 ) . 
  so school pays for itself if you are a good student xd, 
  the most expensive university ( private college ) tecnol\u00f3gico de monterrey has a rate between 6k-7k usd but you can get scholarships too if you are a good student . 
  the problem was that clg actually believed they were number 1 team in the world . . you ca n't compare yourself to skt or faker , there is winner mentality and overconfidence on yourself . 
  if you think you are the best show it in the fucking field , not just say it to yourself or to people to believe you . 
  i knew they were gon na lose when zion said that after they won the na summer split . 
  like , everyone is into doggy-style , am i right ? 
  it 's funny because they will understand when they get into college xd, 
  and he is not a na fan clearly too , just look at his flair,
