  be religious , be racist and love guns . . there you go , the perfect republican, 
  either married or virgin could n't tell, 
  what about el sonidito and trumpw spam ? 
  but really , that 's the kind of shit someone who voted for trump would do, 
  by bombing the shit out of musulman countries and deporting millions of immigrants , and endorsing and unelectable candidate that gave cheeto mussolini the presidency ? 
  yeah , he earned it . 
  no , because he is white !, 
  - all this sub, 
  haha just because i said some truths about obama ? 
  lmao dude . 
  get your shit straight , if he had endorsed bernie from the beggining we would n't be discussing this shit . 
  he went for the corporative warmonger and that 's why we got the cheeto as potus . 
  obama also carries the blame for that shit, 
  you proved my point, 
  but everyone can be a millionaire if they are smart enough !, 
  that 's why there is a lot of millionare scientists and researchers !!!, 
  that 's how capitalism works , aint it ? 
  every beach in mexico is safe to visit any time of they year , except for acapulco as far as i know . . 
  do n't listen to news from your news station , specially in the us . 
  mexico is safe . 
  scientists and researchers being rich was a joke , a sarcasm . 
  do n't give conservatives ideas xd, 
  for trying to keep the fascist cheeto out of the white house ? 
  on the other one we had the chronic capitalist who slightly better . 
  it 's just so we can shake all bandwaggoners !, 
  shhh . . let them dream and crash at worlds like every fucking year !, 
  yeah , jill sucks , sadly she is still better than hillary . . 
  you have been banned from / r/blackpeopletwitter, 
  or when the usa government gave mexican cartels 2,000 + weapons . 
  words to live by, 
  your *, 
  bendito el capitalismo por tan gran aporte !, 
  3.99 es media hora de trabajo en usa, 
  they have been # 1 team in the region for the past years and still c9 always end up playing better at worlds and being the only na hope . 
  that 's why the title is annoying for me . 
  people say that sentence every year and they end up choking like always . 
  hahahhaha, 
  yeah , that 's your opinion . 
  does n't mean you are right, 
  but hey !, 
  capitalism is great ai n't it ? 
  - hey dude do you want to play a few games ? 
  - nah bro , i 'll just play some soloq games . . 
  how hard is it ? 
  the fuck is wrong with you if you ca n't even say no ? 
  i learned more about mushrooms in a politics thread than at my school, 
  `` but why do they have 5 children if they ca n't afford them ???!?!? '', 
  i 've had this same discussion with idiots all time . 
  like , they did n't chose to be born poor ... 
  i am introvert but learned to be assertive , i ` ld rather say one word than being uncomfortable for 50 minutes of gameplay . 
  just stop being an awkward fuck and say no . 
  they just want to profit out of it . 
  that 's how capitalism works . 
  true , because we are not white . 
  how can people dare to compare ? 
  as long as they 're getting profit from it they wo n't stop . 
  that 's how capitalism works , fuck everything but the moneyz !, 
  should have *, 
  good luck amigo !, 
  hey it 's me ur friend, 
  we are taking care of it actually :d yoshi is our new mascot !, 
  how dare you ? 
  fuck that noise man , that 's the problem with the us . 
  they blame it all on everyone else but themselves . 
  that 's why trump won . 
  stop blaming others for your own shit , blame the real problem makers , big corporations , big banks , capitalism . 
  and hillary, 
  no me sorprender\u00eca que muchos en the void fuera trump supporters . 
  trump supporter maybe ? 
  ( not kidding , actually wondering ), 
  uk peaceful ? 
  they were the ones who fucked us up, 
  that 's not true . 
  there were a few post between mx and uk about it . 
  we agreed not to interfer with each other, 
  i 'd rather have him at chivas tbh . . 
  and i am a tigres fan, 
  y si intentas criticar la desigualdad social en m\u00e9xico te tachan de chairo . 
  not what i expected , but not disappointed either . 
  it comes out every season . . how can you forget about it ? ... 
  only hope once games start being played at worlds haha, 
  are you hai dude ? 
  no seas iluso, 
  it is sexual tension definitely, 
  come to m\u00e9xico bro , we have social security that pays for all that as long as you have a job . 
  god bless socialism !, 
  could n't you just fucking vote for bernie sanders ? 
  the cummies daddy , give 'em to me, 
  should have *, 
  speak spanish if you do n't understand basic english grammar, 
  xd i hope so . . 
  because money !, 
   it 's sort of hypocritical of me to complain, 
  pretty much . 
  how did u got that flair tho, 
  se nota, 
  what a great system !, 
  that 's just how capitalism works . 
  edit . 
  `` as it nearly always does '' .
