  the problem is when your country does n't have jobs for everyone and they start pointing fingers blaming others ( in this case mexicans ) but they do n't know the problem is more deep than that . 
  that 's the reality , there is not enough jobs for everyone , that 's why since 2009 more people is coming back to mexico than they are leaving to the us . 
  and i do n't think the problem is about products being cheaper , the problem is that your government does n't get enough money to make better infrastructure or make social programs like social security for everyone or free college tuition ( both of which mexico has among other things that the us could afford but would rather not pay ) . 
  i recommend you to read something about european economy models and social democracy ( capitalism applied to improvement of society ) . 
  the reality is that capitalism ( in its pure form ) only works when the country is at war , that 's why the best days of the american society was at the days of the cold war . 
  it would 've probably happened anyway , nafta just accelerated the process in a way no other thing could . 
  my country is in a better place it was 20-30 years ago , the problem is the social aspect of it . 
  people became greedy , people is losing their ethical values , the ones we used to be proud of . 
  now , people care more about money than helping others . 
  :( that 's the thing i hate more about capitalism . 
  edit . 
  and as you said , nafta destroyed mexican 's agriculture in a country where its vast majority lived off agriculture . 
  most of this people left the countryside ( ejidos , ranchos ) to come live at the city because they could n't live more off the earth they worked . 
  many uneducated people who could n't find a job due to a lack of education , that 's why most mexican cities became pretty dangerous and that 's what led to a war on wars , people will do anything they can to not die starving , including selling drugs , trafficking and killing others . 
  mexicans had n't seen a war of this caliber since the mexican revolution in 1910 . 
  do you get your dog out to run or something ? 
  what race is he ? 
  usually the lack of exercise is related to dogs destroying things . 
  some mexicans go there just for the easy money ... 
  i say easy because it 's easier for them do a physical job than staying here in mexico , get a job and a degree . 
  he is so cute xd, 
  i think eventually they 'll come back and apologize , they will ask you back into their lives . 
  when they do it , if you want back into your family 's lives do it under your own therms , and if they are not okay with you being an independent , mature human being , leave again . . 
  you are a good person , they are not . 
  until they change you do n't want them in your life . 
  hahaha, 
  hahaha i fucking love this sub, 
  until there is a revolution ... oh wait . . 
  nah they suck, 
  i do n't know man , i am a mexican guy who wants to go to an american university when i finish my degree here in mx . 
  i will probably do n't go unless i get a scholarship cos i am poor af, 
  the university i want to go to give mexican students ( from mexico ) in state tuition so that 's a plus . 
  and i hope with my degree i will get a job before arriving there . 
  ( legally ofc ), 
  do n't worry dude , i am not that poor , my parents have money to send me there , i just do n't want to take anything from them anymore once i leave university , that 's why i feel like i am poor, 
  but bernie is the better one :o, 
  excuses . 
  mexico have 120million people and still have social security programs for everyone, 
  keep believing what the media tells you . 
  do you think cnn or other mainstream media will say that mexico has better things the us do n't ?? 
  they wo n't say a `` third world country '' has better social programs than you . 
  that 's not how propaganda works ... 
  i 've lived my entire life here ( 24 years ) in different cities , from a small city ( 20k inhabitants ) to a big one ( monterrey 2million + inhabitants, 
  i 've lived in the us too , a few months only but that 's how i got my conclusions , critical thinking . 
  yeah , actually currency in some cities in mexico are dolllars because a lot of americans decide to come to live here when they retire , everything is cheaper and they love the climate . 
  there is a few news about it , i will try to find them and post it for you to read , 
  not everything is mexico is beheadings and shootings , even mexicans avoid those places . 
  since 2010 more mexicans are coming back from the us than they are leaving xd, 
  damn , you are so misinformed , and people immigrate illegally because it 's easier to make money there . 
  to make money here you must study , get a degree which is not that bad , mexico has free college education . 
  it 's easier to get a hard physical job than studying hard and getting a degree , at least for most mexicans it seems . 
   and cause we do n't cut off people 's heads . 
  that probably helps . 
  it 's like if the whole world judged americans based on school shootings , unnecesary wars or detroit . 
  most mexicans who get a degree are very well off if they stay here , even then hundreds of professionals decide to move to canada or us . 
  most prefer canada though, 
  i am not saying that . 
  what i am saying is that we do n't judge the us for the worst shit that happens there , neither should you about mexico . 
  username checks out, 
  and the list keeps going . . 
  a lot of americans come to get surgeries or dental works done , so i guess that 's something . 
  they do n't want to go broke in the us for a broken arm lmao, 
  i hope some day someone see me the way jane sees bernie . . 
  time to start working for a better world . . 
  same, 
  he is just jealous because his minecraft gameplay videos did n't get popular, 
  this is my time to shine !, 
  remember that the iraq war was not related to these events , the american ' congress used it as an excuse . . 
  a lot of innocent people from around the world died and keep dying because of this :( it 's so sad, 
  hillary voted for that war too . 
  she already said sorry for it, 
   lol mark is such a fanboy . 
  are n't we all?xd, 
  chill ... it 's just a meme . 
  it 's legal in some european countries tho xd, 
  damn . . 
  what does n't surprise me is the amount of people here hating on febiven and rekkles . 
  i guess people who support grossgore never had a girlfriend before xd, 
  do n't date sluts if you do n't want anything of this happening, 
  that 's how serial killers are made . . 
  that 's what gg gets for talking shit , he should take it like a man , talk shit get hit, 
  i imagine gross gore defenders also support trump, 
  hey you can also ask riot for a change were the champion move itself now that you are at it . 
   i 'm a weird mixture of sad , angry , relieved and excited right now . 
  that 's how you are supposed to feel , this is a new chapter of your life :d enjoy it !, 
  it will be awesome , i can assure you that !, 
  also nights in the desert are amazing , 
  please . 
  i think we all know what he meant ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  no one would give a shit if that guy is wearing normal clothing , they just care if he has expensive ones . 
  not racism , not discrimination , just selfish ? 
  tell me about kangaroos !, 
  also , how does it feel being neighbor of germany ? 
  fuck weebs man, 
  pasa video pariente xd, 
  i am here for the memes xd lmao, 
  i mean , age difference does n't necessarily mean that a relationship wo n't work , but i think this relationship is failing because of age difference d :, 
  pair of pussies, 
  :( i can relate, 
  she is the kind of girl who says `` i only have male friends because women always cause drama '' xd,
