  i know right , these super expensive health care and universities ' costs are super free, 
  haha, 
  not half as good ? 
  take your head out of your ass, 
  yeah , most us universities give great program for foraigners and good scholarships too , i am not talking about quality , i am talking about the price . 
  a lot of people goes to mexico to get dental health care or any other type of health care because it 's cheaper to do it there including the plane tickets and hotels . 
  you can say you have a lot of freedom and shit but all countries are getting more socialistic views everytime that 's why they use their taxes wisely , even the us will have to do that eventually . 
  or you know , invade another country like they 've been doing it for the last 70 or so years . 
  alcoholism is killing me lmao, 
  you trynna kill me fam ? 
  the `` 5am , i am drunk enough to not recognize ur face but not enough to let you sleep in here side chick '' ? 
  shame clinton was given the election . 
  did n't you read the leaked e-mails ? 
  i mean , the fucking dnc chair was fired because of this . 
  and then freaking clinton included her in her campaign , like a gift for rigging the elections . 
  he looked more disappointed at the dnc convention . 
  you could see him trying to smile to the cameras and being so angry he could n't do it . 
  such bullshit they stole the election for clinton . 
  `` into our plan '', 
  well yeah , you sucked last season haha great plan tho, 
  haha always with the `` system '', 
  well if you ca n't score goals or be the champion your system does n't work, 
  how fucking dare you to compare al pendejo de amlo con bernie ? 
  nah , fuck hillary dude , luckily we do n't get biased mainstream media news so we ca n't like hillary even if we wanted it . 
  but you know what they say , vote for the less worse . . hillary  trump, 
  i mean , not american media with american content . 
  if you see lopez doriga or those shits then i feel bad for you . 
  that awkward doublelift walk haha can someone make a gif for when they start losing and show dlift going back to clg house ? 
  beat the fuck up, 
  probably ? 
  most likely . 
  hahahaha, 
  maybe ? 
  haha tenian que ser monclovenses xd, 
  na got out of groups in season 4 did n't they ? 
  also eu got out of groups in season 5 . 
  it would n't be the first time . 
  that sounds so 1779 ... 
  have you seen bunnyfufu ? 
  sneaky x 4, 
  i do n't hate meteos . 
  i hate meteos on lee sin . 
  it 's like asking for a loss . 
  glad they played something different today and you can see how it worked . 
  exactly . 
  sneaky is toxic sometimes . 
  i always watch his streams , like always and even when i ca n't see it i watch the vods while i eat or before sleep . 
  i 've seen him being toxic , not enough to be in the front page , but still . 
  i still love him tho, 
  weed legalization is `` enough issues '' for you ? 
  stupid people does n't even know the richness of mexican spanish . 
  puto has a lot of meanings , homophobic is not the meaning it has when we yell it at the stadium . 
  ahaha this guy . 
  a little part of my 10 years old self died that day :(, 
  hahaha that 's awesome dude , can you send me the pidgey 's picture ? 
  i 'd like to do the same , 
  i got lots of upvotes , so fck u and every pidgey hater !, 
  i hope they fuck over every team , fuck them all for not scrimming with them !, 
  that 's russians dude . 
  socialism is strong with these ones . 
  only bandwagoners , you know . 
  like 90 % of them . 
  he did n't, 
  nah , most of them are at the c9 band wagon right now dude , too busy memeing at twitch chat to care, 
  watch bunnyfufuu , he is a very skilled player and fun to watch . 
  qtpie is mainly entretainment and memes, 
  i kind of did . 
  history repeats itself . 
  * doublelift tilts at worlds against koreans ( and chinese at this world 's . . ), 
  * bjergsen ca n't carry his team, 
  * clg is clg . 
  * tsm 's top laner tilts into oblivion, 
  it 's always the same , c9 is always the last hope for na haha, 
  you clearly did n't see that dragon fight . 
  i am not a pilot , but if a plane falls i know that something went wrong . 
  there is a lot of good men actually . . 
  but we are ugly lol, 
  and the translations in game are fucking awful . 
  flair match your comment, 
  yeah , i expected 0-17, 
  or is just dumb , english is my second language and i understood what she said . 
  haha usa is about to pick between trump and hillary . 
  if you think corruption and stupidity is just mexican government things you are fucking blind or stupid yourself . 
  haha ... 
  i think you need to read non biased things . 
  the type of corruption of each country is different , i am not trying to compare . 
  that 's how it is . 
  lmao that 's so 2010 . 
  more people is coming back from the us than they are leaving . 
  more like your `` uncorrupt '' government and his laws . 
  many corporations are shipping their factories to mexico . 
  many industrial cities are quickly growing because hundreds of american corporations are bringing their factories here . 
  that 's one thing bernie sanders was against , and even trump and i respect that ( even though , americans do n't give a shit about this pov , they just support him for his racist views ) . 
  i am okay with that though , mexican economy is growing a lot but you are just too blind to understand, 
  yeah , exactly !, 
  you still do n't understand my point ? 
  your country is losing jobs to a third world country . 
  because corps get more profit off that . 
  who signed the nafta ? 
  who is the one to blame that your country is losing jobs because the factories are closing and going somewhere else ?
