  you would just pushing him even more , he will end up hating him . 
  op is trying to be acertive , not being an asshole . 
  he did well telling him that he would take the computer but until brother do something worse , the computer has to stay with him . 
  do n't be so mean with the little guy , he just lost his parents . 
  what about sneaky ? 
  just unfollow her , you will still be friends but you wo n't be seeing her posts , etc. . 
  i love this stream , it 's so easy to use and its quality is great :d, 
   she wants to wait a month before she considers us fully broken up . 
  probably she will have sex with other guys just to get pregnant and blame it on op . . 
  i have seen this a few times in the past . 
  op if you read this , do n't have sex with your ex-gf . 
  someone post the stream please :(, 
  do n't judge me . 
  that 's because you are a slut . 
  this advice sucks haha, 
  people ca n't handle the truth !, 
  yeah , fuck those assholes for not wanting to pour cold water on them . 
  the `` life is '' speech still sounds everytime in my mind everytime i have to take an important desition . 
  she dated another guy , guy banged her and never called again . 
  and then she regreted breaking up with you :p, 
  yeah , that gives you a lot of time to think about the decision you are about to make * mindblown *, 
  i laughed and cried with this video ... . 
  and meanwhile the tittle of the post if her boyfriend would have get into a fight with a bartender would be :, 
  `` my boyfriend got into a fight and got arrested , i love him but i do n't know if i want to marry an aggressive person '', 
  i do n't know why people is upvoting this comment . 
  you are telling op that she is right for being mad to her boyfriend for not getting into a bar fight for her . . 
  relevant flair haha you putting a good example !, 
  love makes you do stupid things . 
  [ yeah , sure ] ( http://t0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcq6c0ahtuoadaxstp9f1hpetrgbjnijwtcofbtemgurnlrhqjqa2q ), 
  they just do that before an important event . . there is a quote from `` the art of war '' to not let your enemy know your strategies ( i do n't remember how to quote it in english because i read that book in spanish ), 
  anyway , i do n't think any na team would scrim against them if they were n't going to give 100 % at the scrims . 
  for na teams , lcs playoffs is more important or they wo n't go to worlds . 
  memo carried mexico through the draw against brazil , he can handle those noobs . . 
  i love you . 
  big guy senpai , please notice me owo, 
  `` sorry brah , we are not tanky enough . '', 
  oh , honey . 
  why not 0 hands ? 
  `` you will still be . '', 
  `` i ai n't even mad '', 
  `` fuck the k. . . enemy top laner '', 
  he is not hated in mexico haha . . 
  i do n't know where you live but where i live people love him . 
  actually , they love every player playing in european leagues . 
  why you take photos of yourself if you do n't want people to see them ? 
  for god sake, 
  gg , surrender @ 40 . 
  report ` murica, 
  r u faker ? 
  yeah but you know the risk . 
  there has been leaking of nudes from celebrities since internet exists . 
  it 's common sense . 
  but cuuuurl , curse sux . . 
  since ferguson left . 
  well , they have the most expensive players in the world , you would expect they would pull something like barcelona did a few years ago . . 
  i ai n't even mad . 
  yes . 
  if you want to come to mexico look at job offers at `` saltillo '' , it 's a really chill place ( city ) to live , 400miles away from the usa border , a lot of job opportunities , international companies ( e.g. 
  chrysler ) or you could come and find a job as an english teacher !, 
  it 's safe !, 
  have in mind that salaries are lower than in usa , but products are cheaper ( food , drinks ) , even gasoline is cheaper . 
  by the way , why some people hate immigrants ? 
  i went to houston 2 months ago , and i did n't feel people treating me different even though my skin is way darker than the average mexican and you can tell from the first time you see me that i am indeed mexican . 
  it was the first time i visited usa , the first thing i noticed was that they were really interested in talking to me , i guess there is not much mexicans who speak fluent english but did n't have to live in usa for a few years to learn . 
  i am not sure if the racist thing happens more in the northern states since there is not as many immigrants as in the south , but for me , most of the people were really humble and kind , and that 's one of the reasons i hope i go back to usa often ( and because girls are sooooooo cute ) . 
  haha yeah , they always tried to speak spanish to me . 
  i was like `` man , i came here to practice my english haha '', 
  it happened a few times . 
  let 's talk about low standards . 
  not related to your comment but wanted to ask , is `` quite literally '' right ? 
  i am not an english native speaker and that phrase does n't seem right . 
  i mean , or it is literal or it is not . 
  `` filled '', 
  yeah , he used to be cute , now he is hot + cute :\\ ^ ), 
  chicharras * double r my friend !, 
  yeah haha , i do stupid things everytime i get drunk and the next day i cringe really bad for remembering those things . 
  it sucks sometimes , but op is a great man for making her feel better . 
  tsm flair , does n't use logic , just bandwagon . 
  guys i found the ^ ^ ^ salty european !, 
  finally , a decent comment on this thread !, 
  haha, 
  then you are dumb , both of those teams have a decent chance to make it out of group stage . 
  for me all and c9 will make it out of group d , i 'd bet on that . 
  and with tsm , that group will be really close , any team can make it out . 
  technically you are right , i am mexican . 
  and i do n't care who wins , as long as west ( na , eu ) do well against the rest of the world . 
  i just hate the retard comments trash talking na . 
  actually i am an eg/all fan , 
  do n't be so salty honey, 
  hahaha, 
  wait until you get into college * drama intensifies *, 
  french, 
  he said brazil ... or m\u00e9xico ? 
  they will delete everything . 
  take a screenshot op , i am sorry this happened to you . 
  show her the text messages and the inbox you get in your last thread . 
  do n't blame it on your mom , remember she is their mom too . 
  not sure if bigger :p, 
  are you sure you know the real meaning of the word `` literally '' ? 
  i was amazed that latinos rated black women so low , i am mexican ( living in mexico ) and most of my friends would like to date a black girl , they are awesome , i mean , they * can dance , they are very athletic and sweet .
