  that 's why i disagree with mc , if i do n't like something that does n't mean it 's boring , i just do n't like it and shut the fuck up . . 
  i do n't play starcraft or dota2 but i enjoy watching its pro-scene ( not as much as i enjoy lol ) . . 
  we are all gamers , why the hate between the communities ? 
  better than being his dog ( m\u00e9xico ), 
  haha my first thought . . 
  irony . . right ? 
  * bugs everyone else 's client in the process *, 
  we have a detective over here . 
  i thought reddit was full of challenger/diamond players . . 
  my whole life is a lie . . 
  wow , respect, 
  sometimes i feel like i 'm wasting my time but do nothing to fix it ... he did and is awesome at the same time . . 
  team too heavy , ca n't carry dem , pls report . . 
  my body is ready !, 
  their study plan does n't cover geography it seems xd it 's very expensive tho . 
  scarra says literally too much . . 
  pls, 
  that was more than a year ago . . 
  `` in a society with a lot of crime '', 
  you are not mexican , right ? 
  dude , they wo n't give you the elise skin anyway !, 
  look , i 'm mexican and i can tell you something . . 
  the people on cartels or any activity related to drug cartels knows that they can end up like this . 
  it 's not scary if you are a normal person with a normal life . . 
  i have a better idea . . 
  why do n't you stop druging yourself , the reasons cartels got this far in mexico is because usa is the biggest drug consumer in the world . . 
  plus , i 'm pretty sure that weapon the guy is holding in his hands was given to him by the `` fast and furious operation '', 
  to know what i mean you can get more info here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atf_gunwalking_scandal, 
   other cdr items are just bad, 
  so awkward but awesome at the same time . . 
  i had to see it again . . 
  i just ca n't resist every time . . 
  so , he got outsmarted ? 
  well , if you play a champ enough , you can know his `` limitations '', 
  sso got wrecked !, 
  * do n't make a racist joke , do n't make a racist joke *, 
  `` mexican cartel member '', 
  those are fucking kids playing to be `` sicarios '', 
  and when i wake up i 'm 100 % banana : oo everything makes sense now . . 
  as a mid laner i want to ask . . 
  what can i do to make a gank easier for my jungler when he comes mid ? 
  i max q and my win ratio is over 60 % ... 
  went from silver3 to gold 1 just using her even before she was considered op . . 
  i love border collies !, 
  they just match my personality and they are beautiful too . . 
  you do n't know the power of the europeans . . 
  i forgot what i was gon na say . . 
  always a silver smurf . . 
  i do n't know why people watch that guy . . 
  :d c = = = 3, 
  you sound like a guy at a gay pride parade o :, 
  i was just kidding :33, 
  `` where is nidalee ? '', 
  - bronze player 2013, 
  trick2g and trickz, 
  ohh god , twitch chat would explode . . 
  the bronze is strong in this one . . 
  leash sounds like lisha, 
  my french poodle howls too hahaha i 'll record him and post it some time, 
  much hd, 
  relevant name, 
  it was really sad , i love eg but i always wanted to see you play in the lcs ... 
  run !, 
  dtg should be in your list no matter what ;(, 
  around, 
  meth *, 
  the world without sluts would be boring !, 
  you ca n't blame her for exist :3, 
  scarra died . . dyrus killed him and that 's why dyrus is in jail . . 
  it was not his fault . . what could he do against that ? 
  they gon na punish him no matter what . . 
  if it was not phantoml0rd then they gon na pick another streamer . . 
  what is your rank ? 
  and then boom . . she is magically pregnant and you have to give her money . . 
  twitch chat has lost a friend . . 
  did i really watched the image again to confirm ? 
  enough internet for this year . . 
  que chingados ? 
  where is that video ? 
  i got ta see it d :, 
  it 's a joke !, 
  calm down mods :( (, 
  unless he plays teemo , right ? 
  i do n't know if it is right to laugh at this . . 
  p. sherman , calle wallaby 42 , sydney, 
  even in spanish , never forget, 
  2 volibears w/sunfire cap , wtf ? 
  that was awkward to watch . 
  hey !, 
  add me bro . . 
  ign : endyhrion, 
  i hope you are doing well and forget that girl . 
  your dad is awesome, 
  i did the same thing eating some real tacos with a lot of salsa . . 
  it was really awkward but we laughed a lot that day !, 
  wow , i just commented on this thread so i can watch that video later :3, 
  that 's the gayest thing i 've ever seen . 
  i 'm a single lady ( 8 ), 
  1939 never forget, 
  - i also thought that children suddenly woke up one morning as fully grown adults , replete with beards , jobs and an interest in politics .
