  tacos must be made with soft tortillas or how they should be called , tortillas . 
  saved, 
  littlefinger is not stupid . 
  cersei has no power now , why would he still serve her ? 
  and he ca n't control the north without a stark on his side . 
  killing the starks would just get all the people to not trust him ( not that he can be trusted but still ) . 
  why do i feel empty ? 
  it 's the best got episode i 've seen and i feel empty . . :( like sad, 
  and not enough plot armor , or armor at all :(, 
  you say it like if cersei still have some power to rule xd, 
  it 's easy to say it , you are on your computer trying to act like a tough guy . 
  i am pretty sure you 've never been in a situation were your life has been in danger , but it 's ok , you can do whatever you want, 
  shhhh , do n't say that . 
  remember that everyone here is better writer than the ones who wrote the show and especially better than grrm, 
  fuck the writers of this show , they are so fucking bad , that 's why i am still watching this stupid show after these 6 stupid seasons of nonsense , this is the worst mistake they have made . 
  i could write better scripts than them !!!, 
  edit : sarcasm , because some people did n't get it, 
  it was a sarcasm . 
  listen to this / u/compact-misery . 
  was it tho, 
  at least he is not alexis sanchez xdd :(, 
  then you have n't been playing xd, 
  i learned it in primary school, 
   i 'm 25 , almost 26 . 
  not super young !, 
  oh honey . . 
  lee la reforma , la encuentras en internet, 
  she just wants to know if he is as good at eating ass as he is at eating other stuff . . 
  i still think battle of the bastards was the best xd, 
  their *, 
  i am mexican and i would n't feel disrespected if someone did n't like our food . 
  at most i would think they are weird because who the fuck does n't like mexican food ? 
  but i would n't get mad about it . 
  the thing is mexican-americans are very nationalistic , it sucks , whatever they do they take it as you disrespecting their culture ( mexican ) . 
  is your husband single ? 
  so just send them a dick pic and let them choose, 
  they do n't think , that 's the problem . 
  it 's funny and all , but if he had been mexican everyone would want to build a wall around the field to keep them outside, 
  maybe she is just weird xd nothing wrong with that . 
  you are awesome , and your brother is lucky to have you . 
  on the other hand your little brother is a gentleman !, 
  i hope he scores tonight haha, 
  not against the rules as far as i know . 
  i will send you pm later in the day , kinda busy right now . . 
  off-season mods, 
  como del 85 al 2000 . . es la demografia que se la pasa spameando mi facebook con publicaciones de pokemon . 
  why do you complain ? 
  my favorite poke is pidgeot, 
  ca n't you just defeat them and get the candies to evolve ? 
  i do n't know how that game works, 
  yeah . . in that episode ash would try to catch other safari pokemons and a herd of tauros would get in the way , every time xd, 
  that kid is a fucking socialist !, 
  how dare he ? 
  still got downvoted :(, 
  the gyms at my city disagree with you m8, 
  what about trumpers ? 
  a person who likes tacos is unofficially a mexican . . 
  no significa santos, 
  where do you live ? 
  i rarely see low tier pokemons . 
  i mean , yeah a pidgey or a rattata occasionally but it 's not that common as people complain . 
  or maybe i am not a whinny little bitch, 
  dude , you did great  do n't let redditors tell you otherwise ahahha these people think they can do better . 
  only practice can make you improve , not what other people tells you !, 
  sneaky is great at play by play casting xd, 
  `` if the lannisters did it why would n't we ? '', 
  but come on ... it was texas . 
  but you have to understand a single difference . 
  one wants to deport all illegals and ban an entire religion from the country , the other one wants to give free healthcare and free college education for its citizens . 
  where is your point of comparison on that ? 
  like , fucking really you are comparing the two of them ? 
  do you really think jon will be against dany ? 
  the war of the north is in the north , they wo n't give a shit about southern affairs . 
  jon will marry dany most likely, 
  wow did you just really write all of that ? 
  that 's why governments exist , to collect taxes and spend them wisely, 
  hillary does n't support the same agenda wtf hahah, 
  they would to earn the votes . 
  she does n't support that . 
  she just said all she did to win the votes . 
  it 's fucking obvious for foreigners . 
  ask europeans , canadians , mexicans , everyone who does n't get their news from american media . 
  do you really believe that ? 
  he endorsed her because hillary  trump . 
  fuck his own daughter ? 
  damn, 
  trump supporters ? 
  it 's not like you are going to make some brain damage if you hit them on the head . 
  not more than they already have . . 
  and you think voting for a fascist is better than maintaining the status quo ? 
  well , you said you are a trump supporter ? 
  the only reason trump is not a fascist ( yet ) is because he is not in charge yet . 
  it happened in germany . 
  libertarians support a capitalistic economy , so it is kind of obvious that he will support the tpp ... 
  you are exited for shillary even after the leaked emails and the election rigging ? 
  i would never vote trump but fuck me if some day i decide to vote for hillary . . 
  plus trump vs hillary ... 
  if you are done with the game just leave . 
  do n't come here complaining like a crying baby, 
  there was a bug to exploit hatching using battery saver mode or so i read,
