  it 's actually really cute xd, 
   european spanish : `` macho que la has liao parda '', 
  oh , they are !!, 
  you can stuff them with whatever you want :d, 
  it 's just a cartoon , a lot of mexicans see it but i 've never met someone being offended by it . 
  cartel clash in acapulco , 2 or 3 cartels were fighting for that spot and well , it got its reputation after the drug war , i think everything is better now but the media made a great job at throwing shit to acapulco . 
  just live your life , do n't mess with them and they wo n't mess with you , some of them are really poor/humble people who just want to bring food to the table , some of them are pieces of shit too , so you want to ignore them as much as you can , it does n't matter which kind of narcos they are . 
  i like to listen to musica norte\u00f1a and banda sinaloense but redditors have something against this kind of music and claim that every person who listen to them is uneducated , etc , etc. . . 
  banda sinaloense has german roots actually , so if you are interested i can send you a few links so you can hear some :d, 
  i have a lot of respect for you germans because after 2 wars you were able to rebuild all of your country . 
  now to my question , we are always told that germany is one of the most successful countries in the world , you have a good life quality and a good economy . 
  what do you think is the reason your country do so well compared to others ? 
  if you had a chance to go to live to another country which one would be ? 
  what do you mean with `` dual educational system '' ? 
   the tortillas are soft , not crunchy . 
  not a tip , that 's a fucking rule . . 
  i wish americans would embrace it and call crunchy tortillas tostadas . . 
  and the engineering/licenciature studies are meant for scientific/research purposes ? 
  murica has its pros and cons , i 'd like to live there but in liberal areas , i do n't like conservatives and i 've realized most of the people around the world judge that country by decisions conservatives made . . 
  seattle , boston , chicago , etc. . seem like cool places to live :p, 
  mexico has its great places for foreigners , you should check some cities that you may like , just let me know what kind of place you are looking for and i can give you some info about them :p, 
  my favorite quote , it says something like `` the man who does n't know his history is condemned to repeat it '' . 
  it 's great that you are aiming to be an history teacher , i think that 's one of the most important professions there is , 
  imagine seeing a charizard at the grand canyon !!, 
  i need a good stream boys , someone save me :(, 
  you have weak ass hands, 
  post it on r/mexico xd, 
  what 's your weight ? 
  look sometimes doing simple things like drinking a lot of water , eating healthy and doing a lot of exercise can do wonders . 
  if you go down a few pounds ( kilograms ) it can completely change your face features  get braces in case you do n't have the best teeth . 
  it sounds harsh but we live in a very superficial world , take care of your health and things will get better , 
  this one ? 
  shitpost everyday and people will go there eventually if they see content, 
  you have to be more specific . . what kind of genre is the song ? 
  is it norte\u00f1a ? 
  grupera ? 
  mariachi ? 
  i probably know which one it is but ca n't tell with the little info you gave me, 
  i do n't remember more right now , check those groups and let me know which one could be, 
  damn bro :( i do n't know how else to help !, 
  correct answer always is 1000000/10 and a cute smiley face, 
  he supports bernie , why are n't you married yet op ? 
  the guy is a catch !, 
  yeah because they are n't uneducated , they are just stupid xd, 
  why people do n't advice excercise ? 
  it 's the best free remedy against depression . 
  and so is going to therapy , and she already tried that . . 
  if her boyfriend ( op ) really wants to help he should follow that route , join a gym , hiking , get a dog so she can go to run with it !, 
  they already want a change , how they try to make it happen depends on them . 
  putamadre indeed ... 
  one of the 3 top shot callers in the world , no doubt about that . 
  they did n't make to to quarters but hey , they were the best na team at worlds xd, 
  there is a chrysler plant in saltillo , mexico . 
  there even was a documentary about it in discovery channel lmao xdd, 
  their teams ca n't even defend themselves, 
  do n't die pls, 
  do n't do it op , u/givesfinancialadvice is evibzjdtkdurdhezrhdhrd, 
  haha what the hell, 
  yeah but then we would n't have the sweet update filled with drama !, 
  ignorancia , no saben lo que es ser progresista . 
  i do n't think they should take the cup away from them . . 
  i play him pretty often , people do n't realize he has been getting buff after buff in the last patches including buffs to roa and archangel staff :p time to get the sweet elo, 
  i main kass and i never build staff , but in certain circumstances it 's a good item for him . 
  actually i started playing him after the nerfs , i do n't like playing `` op '' champs like a bandwaggoner, 
  the deal is that chicharito gets scoring chances other strikers ca n't get , he is always in the right place, 
  i never stopped believing :'), 
  si cada partido *, 
  i do n't get staff on kass . 
  es coahuila we , everything can happen here, 
  is that the guy from fast and furious ? 
  i can see him too lmao , just crying his ass off when his bitch was hoeing, 
  someone help this poor guy !, 
  is your system working at all tho ? 
  the shit *, 
  i thought :, 
  someone is trashtalking chicharito * look at flair * . . ohhh . . 
  i hate to be that guy but dude , there is a big difference between their and there . 
  as an alcoholic i can confirm . 
  when i get blackout drunk i usually remember the parts where i am doing stupid shit . 
  scratching my girlfriend ? 
  i 'd remember that . 
  talking with some random girl/dude i just met ? 
  i am not a native english speaker and i am not sure if the guy is ( probably not ) , but if no one corrects him he will keep doing the same mistake . 
  that 's how i learned . 
  hey , probably she is hot and that 's why she gets away with doing that shit !, 
  who knows ? 
  `` we should buy a boat !! '', 
  movies with pierce brosnan are the best . 
  i could watch them millions of times and would n't get bored . 
  some people hate tsm more than they love doublelift , which is understandable . 
  well that 's the point . 
  i like chicharron xd, 
  he has been proving his doubters wrong since 2010, 
  the fuck is this ? 
  that 's how it is dude !, 
  you have to embrace it !, 
  i know right ? 
  good thing he is actually playing for a team that deserves him xd, 
  who would n't be happy ? 
  probably real madrid or barcelona , only . .
