  who was the fuck who claimed mexico was a 3rd world country ? 
  it 's like if you say usa is a 3rd world country just because of the ghettos . 
  i am not mad really , mexico is not like the movies/news paint it , shit happens here but not enough to put mexico in the same level as a 3rd world country . 
  some mexicans at least where i live use `` gringo '' offensively , i do n't . 
  i love my murican neighbors but some people here either love americans or hate them , usually the ignorant are the ones who hate americans . 
  did you know that mexico is the 14th world economy just after canada , australia and spain ? 
  i mean , do you consider one of those countries a third world country ? 
  or tell me your personal opinion , what makes a country be on the 3rd world countries ' list ? 
  edit . 
  as an engineering student who wants to become a sociologist/urbanist i want to change mexico to become what it can be , mexico could have a economy as stronger as any other 1st world country but there is a lot of bad things to correct before it can happen , but in no way mexico is as bad as other latin-american nations without mention african or asian countries . . if you visit some mexican cities you would understand what am i talking about . 
  he is chilango , give him his chance to trash talk northerns xd, 
  de mexico a monterrey son 8 horas 8 m\u00ednimo . . otras 8-9 horas a dallas . . 
  i will miss their streams when lcs starts :(, 
  energy level is not the same because of all the scrims . . 
  hey do n't respond to people who insult you  there is bad people in the world who will try to make you feel bad just because their lives suck . 
  you are awesome for seeing after your siblings , they will be grateful with you when they are old enough to see how much you are doing for them , 
  do n't get in situations where you can cheat . . you seem like a good person and even good persons make mistakes , try not to put yourself in situations where you can make them . 
  your boyfriend sounds like a good guy , treat him well and you will be treated the same way , 
  or he is a good guy who is aware that people make mistakes and is sure that she wo n't make it again  . 
  she could 've stopped the guy from trying to engage but she did n't and that was her mistake . 
  i hate cheaters but this girl sounds like she is really sorry for what she did and for not stopping it before it happened , most cheaters do it because they are assholes . 
  most situations like this either destroy or make the relationship stronger , it 's up to both of them to decide what do they want to do out of this situation , and the guy already made his decision . 
  that girl just sounds immature . . what are you going to do now ? 
  why did she stop talking to you in the first time ? 
  college is like elementary school with more debts xd, 
  you should check houston , when i visited i saw a lot of road work . 
  ahahah poor little thing . . 
  you can chase your dreams and still have a decent job and education , you are young still , find something you like and fight for it . 
  then you can forgive her and then decide either it is worth to continue or not . 
  good luck m8 , you will be fine !, 
  most gold players have a ok-good understanding of the game , most of them are in gold just because they have a bad attitude or are straight bad mechanically . . 
  i am not your paisano , pariente . 
  we did it reddit, 
  just to point out something about the summoner spells , ignite is really good in the game right now as the meta is `` tank '' oriented and exhaust is not a `` must '' against tanks because they do n't deal the same damage as an assassin do . 
  so it is recommendable to use it in some situations . 
  mana regen runes are not necessary if you control your mana on janna especially if you put 3 points in meditation ( masteries ) . 
  i would suggest 9 * armor seals , 3 * mr glyphs and 6 * mr per lvl , health quints . 
  i like to put ability power on the reds because janna 's abilities scale well ( shield , + attack , + slow , not just damage ) with ap but armor reds are ok !, 
  pro players use mob boots on janna because of all the warding , roaming and map pressure they do , but i do n't think it is as necessary on soloq , you can suggest cdr or even mercury boots for different cases !!, 
  i do n't suggest to change anything but to add this points , every player has different play styles so it may help them to take other paths to become better janna players , 
  source : i main janna xd, 
  i would suggest to do nothing about it . . 
  your boyfriend has his own issues , if he wanted a virgin he could be dating a 18 y/o . 
  is your friend single ? 
  hey , i can help you out !, 
  or will he ? 
  we call it `` spanglish '' in mexico haha , i 'd rather speak in spanish to any spanish speaker , even though i am fluent in english ( not the best but still xd ) . . 
  quesadillas in m\u00e9xico :p, 
  which sucks because they are also the world police . . 
  the only country who is able to stop usa from slave us all is the usa , the day its citizens give up their guns will be the end of the world as we know it . . 
  labor conditions are n't bad in mexico , though . . as a mexican civil engineer i can asure you that, 
  mostly uneducated people , government does n't take care of them here in mexico as they do in the us , as long as i know us government gives economic support for unemployment , am i wrong ? 
  what would happen if government did n't do that in your country ? 
  now , you know how it is !, 
  hey , my last name is montenegro :d, 
  what do you mean as rights and obligations ? 
  you would be just another citizen haha as simple as that . . 
  a jersey of the national `` soccer '' team would be nice !, 
  if you find who his favorite player on the national team is you could even give him a jersey with that player 's name and number !, 
  we also laugh as `` haha '' hahaha, 
  because people want world war iii, 
  your answer was so dumb that it created a black hole and disappeared in it . 
  haha i missed your comics bro !, 
  i go to houston outlets every time i want to buy something xd it 's a long way but it 's worth !, 
  my uncle lives in tomball , so , free housing i guess . . 
  i wanted to go this summer but i am not sure yet , i 've read a lot about the floodings lately . . not quite sure if its safe to travel there . . 
  the sweet karma, 
  ayyy, 
  treat women as you wish people treat your daughter !, 
  yeah haha this world man , not a good place to live :d, 
  vooootes, 
  guys , i found the commie !, 
  prd . . really ? 
  the only time those whores got elected in my home town they did n't do shit , people never voted for them again . 
  and well deserved i guess . 
  no , thanks . 
  he told him in chat, 
  ball was on the air . 
  he did n't even touch the goal keeper ... 
  she probably loves you but is too afraid to tell you that d :, 
  the next step for `` te quiero '' is `` te amo ( i love you ) '' ... 
  oh you are the same guy who posted the `` mami '' thread xd just tell her , `` te quiero mas !! '', 
  fooking *, 
  i 'll be living in tomball , so anything on the northern part of houston would be great !, 
  now you just need to find a woman to use them with xd, 
  same, 
  i do n't see why would she react like that . . it 's not like if you are 10 '' like some others on this sub xd . . probably she did n't want to do it at all and just wanted an excuse ? 
  he is a legend , he can speak whatever the fuck he wants !, 
  * gets raped *, 
  es el segundo mas bello definitivamente despu\u00e9s de la marsellesa ( himno de francia ) . . 
  r/murica is not pleased . 
  4 2s make an 8 :d, 
  yeah . . being smart is also something that lead girls to like me for that sole reason xd i suck at everything else but at least i got something that is appealing to someone ( not everyone ) . 
  i hooked up once with a girl because i am bilingual , she thought it was exotic . . 
  you can see the hook when he throws it , and he knew blitzcrank was coming , i do n't think it was a script because he was prepared for blitzcrank because he saw him coming from the river and was aware that blitzcrank would 've been able to use his ability . 
  he is obviously not scripting , you can see blitz on the river and he knew that blitz was coming for him . 
  that and you can see blitz 's hook at the time he throw it . 
  browse reddit wo n't make it any faster . 
  i would be proud actually , i am not american so there is not a hooters where i live , but as far as i know most girls on hooters are really cute . . 
  move on and do n't make the same mistake again . .
