  well i 've always wanted a border collie so i adopted a bc puppy . 
  when i took him home with my other 2 dogs my bc started herding my pitbull hahaha the pitbull thought the bc was playing and she was just playing back haha it was a great view and since then i 've loved bcs . 
  i had to give it away to a friend because i could n't keep it at my little apartment but he is doing great now  my friend has a ranch with a lot of animals and the dog do what he was bred to do :d, 
  haha yeah, 
  great post , awful coment, 
   worked for me ? 
  i 'm going to assume that you did indeed transfer from na to begin with ? 
  if you started the account on lan , they might not give you one . 
  i 've been playing since season one , so yeah . 
  i did transfer from na to lan . 
  c9 looked better than any other team except clg ( and tdk ) at the end of the split xd, 
  i 've seen a lot of comics today including mexico . 
  i love it !, 
  damn !!, 
  you are so salty , i recommend you going out a little bit . 
  it 's not healthy raging like that m8, 
  as an amumu main , i think it was the first time hai used amumu , ever . 
  when the camera went to ashe as if he stole baron hahahah god damn my heart, 
  gay = / = female, 
  to be fair you ca n't be touched by shields and heals xd, 
  i do n't want too look salty but any of those 2 would do better than tsm . . 
  i was a bayern munich fan , i 'll have to switch teams tho, 
  it 's hard to play well for a team that does n't want you xd . 
  did you see him playing for real madrid ? 
  there were times where he would score/assist every game for a some weeks . . 
  and c9 2-0d tsm in summer split xd it 's all relative . 
  in the game of lol you either win or cry, 
  my doctor disagrees with you m8, 
  made my prediction 2 months ago and got downvoted to fucking hell, 
  yes . 
  tell that to drunk me while fucking a fattie, 
  dude i am 24 and cried watching 10 things i hate about you with my gf xd, 
  1/25 part of the jerseys ' earnings can pay for that, 
  there is not a huge difference between first and fifth place though . 
  clg dominates but c9 can take games off them . 
  not c9 fans tho , we are very consistent xd, 
  i am a straight male but channing is the only man i 'd go gay for . . 
  do n't insult my channing u shit d :, 
  not necessary , hai is almost as good as any other na jungler ( mechanically speaking ) , but he is not good enough in mid lane where you need to have better mechanics !, 
  update with the amount of friend requests you got, 
  a least gimli was manly . . 
  top 5 support champions for this patch ? 
  fixed that for you :d, 
  i do n't want you to come join , gtfo u filthy casual, 
  thanks m8 !, 
  someone will have to be the less attractive anyway :(, 
  drug addict arya stark . 
  `` do n't focus the tank you little shit . . ! '', 
  i think the joke is that you put cheese on everything . 
  i may be wrong tho, 
  or you are immature d :, 
  what is dank may never die but rises again danker and stronger, 
  i went to ixtapa this last summer vacations and can confirm . 
  drank beer from 1pm to 5am the next day and i sweated all of it . 
  i did n't get drunk or anything . 
  14 hours drinking and i did n't get drunk , i thought it was a fucking miracle xd, 
  kassadin will be a `` must '' pick/ban . 
  c9 will make it out of group 's phase . 
  i tagged you but you wo n't do it . 
  i am sure . 
   sorry ... maybe she 'll come around when she realizes just how badly she screwed up . 
  this is the most possible scenario to be honest . 
  just give her time , op . 
  which is translated to  korean silver invitational, 
  we lost boiz :(, 
  my dog jerry is a true badass , he once escaped from home and i found him 1 hour later , when i found him he was covered in dirt like he had been fighting stray dogs , which sucks because he is a 20lbs poodle and got obviously demolished . 
  [ here you can see the little bastard after playing in mud ] ( http://imgur.com/gbx9fya ), 
  i know right ... 
  [ here is another picture of him looking at his prey ] ( http://imgur.com/ylnz4en ), 
  isis ? 
  ohh man, 
  nobody is surprised tho, 
  yeah !, 
  he is !, 
  that 's the difference between an average blitzcrank and a great blitz . . that 's why they are called `` laugh mechanics '' . . 
  it 's just a picture and you can change it back . . just ignore it haha do n't put so much thought in it . 
  there is more important things to worry about . . 
  i am from northern mexico , i do n't know what kind of pokemon could i find , i live between a forest area which borders with semi-desert area . 
  any idea what could i find guys ? 
  edit . 
  if i find pidgeys and tauros my life would be complete ... 
  i want to find at least to gen 3 pokemons !, 
  can you imagine walking 4-5 hours a day just to raise your pokemon 's levels ? 
  yeah they just gave up on this game after seeing their group . . 
  i 'd do the same, 
  you can be able to wear that in every country i think . . 
  it 's just a shirt . . 
  seriously , people do n't seem to realize how important shotcalling and in-game strategies are . 
  everyone is saying how cloud9 is the weakest western team but noone want them on their group , that 's for sure . . 
  cloud 9 will prevail and we are going to laugh at their faces again :d, 
  he probably do n't give a shit lel c9 will pass to quarters , he does n't care about proving how good he is , he will just play and do his best . 
  clg got a free pass , tsm got a free pass last season . 
  c9 has never had . 
  yeah , it was a different system and they got it by dominating the na league . 
  inexperience made them tilt in season 3 when playing against fnc , they got a good season 4 at the world championship last year , and they will do well this year . . 
  just like books , but here you write the story :d, 
  b. . . but the circle-jerk !, 
  * throws chancla at him *, 
  i am sorry to disappoint you but , in m\u00e9xico , as long as you work , it does n't matter if you work cleaning bathrooms or whatever , as long as you have a contract you have healthcare ... 
  it 's easy because you are already in bed , when you finish you must be careful to not cum in your mouth and then go back to regret life,
