  you were n't wrong lmaooooooo, 
  bruh . 
  whyyy god ? 
  just send a fucking meteor and end it already :'(, 
  that 's how we call home in memeland, 
  does it tho, 
  haha absolutely, 
  you can learn to cook mexican salsa . 
  it is not hard and there is a lot of tutorials :d, 
  i mean , you just need to see that he is voting for trump , you do n't need anything else to realize he is a piece of shit haha, 
  or we were just ugly ? 
  feelsbadman, 
  krepo too, 
  so , like any other republican ? 
  imt would do better than clg . 
  nationalism ? 
  getting out of diamond 2, 
  he owns that account . 
  he can change it whenever he wants . 
  he just does n't . 
  that 's the problem . 
  no thinking person would vote for trump , just idiots . 
  jon wo n't bend a knee . 
  do n't be stupid . 
  most of daenerys ' suporters were on sansa 's side when she was at king 's landing . 
  they did n't support her desition but knew she was there because her life depends on that ,, 
  jajaja ha estado interpretando mal pdking toda su vida, 
  or he is friends with assholes xd, 
  es caro hospedarse en un hotel ? 
  jajaja nomames . 
  pretty . 
  hope everything goes well for you from now on . 
  have you seen bunnyfufu ? 
  haha same thing, 
  do you even read bro ? 
  haha si . . pero no me refiero a solo los redneck , houston es parte del bible belt de los uniteds . 
  i ca n't grow a beard , it feels awful watching women saying they only date bearded guys . 
  my favorite part of having sex is when the girl rests her head on my chest and puts her arm around me . . fuck . . 
  i need a drink : ' /, 
  me : i had sex with a girl the other night . 
  friend : awesome !, 
  hey can you pass me another beer ? 
  that 's the only interaction of that kind a guy needs, 
  yeah !, 
  fuck riot lmao ... their ego will be their doom, 
  haha the only rioter commenting xd, 
  hey , , riv is great too . . 
  after m5/gambit and clg.eu , fnatic too . . 
  i do n't watch eu anymore . 
  stream is boring as fuck . 
  na is a clown fiesta but at least they are fun to watch, 
  hahahahah pochos should n't be talking shit about mexicans . 
  it 's easier leaving all of your country 's problems behind instead of fixing them . 
  waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay easier, 
  easy money . 
  even worse . 
  why are you talking shit about a country you have never been in ? 
  i am latino and speak like a black dude at bpt . . 
  i do n't give a shit tho, 
  get him to some karate or boxing classes . 
  as a weird kid i tell you , he will apreciate it when he grows up . 
  haha long distance relationships work until the other discover they fucking someone over there, 
  dude let it go . 
  i was at college t-t, 
  por favor . 
  edit . 
  no compares wey , por favor . 
  especifica entonces . 
  yeah , until she got fucking sick . . wtf ... bring me the sanders ... 
  you ca n't compare venezuela to a working socialist state . 
  countries like sweden , denmark , etc. . are closer to the term than venezuela . 
  they just fucked things up and tried to blame it on to something like socialism . 
  i can help you out if you want , send me a pm and we can talk , 
  the same region ... hundred of miles apart ? 
  yeah , that 's one of the downsides . 
  another one could be natural resources , since more of these are being extracted by american or canadian companies . 
  which sucks , every country should be owner of their own resources , they are fucking us over about it . 
  people in mx only cares about jobs and money , that 's why the guy above says it benefit us , mexico should be able to build its own industrial force but people is happier if companies from around the world come here and drain over our resources just as long as they live `` ok '' . 
  do you really think they pay enough taxes for those resources ? 
  the bad thing about debating with a capitalist is you ca n't make them comprend . 
  believe what you think but try to read more . 
  love your people more and love your your world more . 
  first tho , lower your standards . 
  i always do this after a dry season , when there has n't been pussy in months all i have to do is go to tinder and like everything until one likes me back . 
  the rest is history . 
  preferably named sarah, 
  was kind of antisocial the first of my years and college , this year i decided to spent some time out , get to know some classmates ( dudes ) who invited me to parties or just drink and it all went natural . 
  i got to know some girls and had sex with some of them . . 
  i wish i had done this before xd, 
  i am mexican tho , brown skinned . 
  does that count ? 
  what is wrong with my comment ? 
  haha english is my second language , some input would be nice . 
  well , yeah ... 
  sex is nice haha, 
  am\u00e9n . 
  no inglaterra ni usa . 
  well yeah , but you have other major countries in europe which can be accessed quite easily from spain . 
  germany , france , italy , belgium , etc. . 
  jaja,
