  i play in mortera , and play daily , if u want to join , u are welcome :d i will help u out with some stuff . 
  it 's a very active server with people from around the world , a lot of english speakers . 
  it 's like the big brother hating on the small one because the small is more succesfull than they . 
  goatfuckers . . 
  2 hours of gym , the rest is cardio  ^ if ^ you ^ know ^ what ^ i ^ mean, 
  i will tell you something about my people , i am mexican ( living in mexico ) . 
  when i traveled to usa i noticed there was 2 kind of mexicans who emigrate to the united states . 
  1 . - mexicans who leave with the wish to have a better life for their family and themselves , generally this mexicans are really peaceful and you rarely hear from them , they stay out of trouble , they love murica almost as much as they love mexico . 
  2 . - the pieces of crap who did n't have a good future living in mexico and their only chance to have enough money to get something to eat and a roof to live was washing toilets and picking up trash . 
  this kind of mexicans blame the government ( mexican or american ) for everything , they think the government is the root of all of their problems , the lack of jobs , the high taxes , everything . 
  the only thing they do n't blame everything on are themselves . 
  they wo n't blame their lack of education , they wo n't blame their lack of values and moral . 
  you guess which kind of people are the ones on that picture . 
  i love murica almost as much as i love my own country , but there are idiots everywhere in the world and there will always be . 
  do n't blame an entire country for the actions of a few , 
  yeah , these guys are taking it like a boss . 
  most of the people being cheated here just forgive their so and think they will change . 
  and then they come a few months later and update that their so cheated again haha, 
  but these guys , are awesome . 
  did u have sex ? 
  welcome to mexico , one of the countries that could be world elite but we are n't because of idiots like these . 
  op ruined it . 
  murica already get the cheapest oil from mexico without need of going to war , we are best buddies :3, 
  mexico has more natural resources than france , germany , england , japan , italy , spain , etc. . 
  it 's like the clg of the world economies , so much potential . 
  disparocalientejeje *, 
  if the show ended 10 minutes before , without showing the robin 's ending , it would 've been great . 
  ooooo , that 's how it should 've ended in the first fucking place :(, 
  you are wrong . 
  he does n't have to choose her over the game , just reducing the amount of time he plays would be enough . 
  i am not a fan of ultimatums because they end up with one person resenting the other . 
  thanks for your response . 
  i am really good at autocad drawing ( 2d , isometric ) , but i have never used 3d , so i think i should start practicing/looking for courses . 
  i was expecting something related to civil engineering . 
  conversation skills are useful for any work/career . 
  i live in mexico , most people here do n't give a shit about regulations haha they just care about money , but i will have your comment in mind !, 
  thanks man , 
  this seems plausible . . 
  japanese , too much tentacles . . 
  i am mexican and travel often to houston , tx . 
  i never go through laredo , i 'd rather travel from eagle pass and coahuila state , you can still go to monterrey from eagle pass , it 'd take you 1 hour more but i think it is safer . 
  she had sex with 3 guys while she was at a party . . 
  you do n't know what happened in that party . 
  but he knows more than you and i , so i trust him when he says she is a hoe , 
  yeah haha someone had to say it . . 
  i was going to say a gay joke butt fuck it . . 
  everytime i watch that goal i think `` i ai n't even mad '', 
  son como los unicornios . . o los hippies . 
  if you want to know about mexican history , these are the places to go . 
  there is nothing we can do about corruption and even if a single individual could change anything , it would take years to make it possible and still it would never disappear completely . 
  who considers mexico a third world country ? 
  mexico has one of the best economies in america ( the continent ) after usa , canada , brazil . . 
  gasoline is less expensive than most other countries in the world , even that in some places in the usa . 
  i love my country and i would n't consider it a thirld world country , and it 's far from being one . 
  most people who live in poverty is because they want to live like that , they do n't study or force themselves to be succesfull . 
  about the drug war , it 's not as common as you think , most people who died on it from 2006 to this date were related to the cartels and i am talking about 90 % of the confirmed deaths . 
  it 's like if you want to work for/with the cartels you must know what you are getting in to . 
  and war is not the same as it was 2-3 years ago , it 's pretty chill now , there is shootings once a month or so , but it 's not as scary right now as the media paint it or how it used to be a few years ago . 
  a lot of questions xd, 
  * tourists will be fine as long as they avoid dangerous areas , it 's just about having common sense . 
  hell , even i avoid those areas and my skin is more brown than average hahah i do n't know where you want to go , thousands of tourists visit mexico and we love tourists . 
  i remember in my city someday i was parked on the street and was about to drive when i saw 2 tourists , they were the whitest guys i 've ever seen in my life and i yelled `` what 's up guys ? '', 
  and they replied `` hola amigo ! '', 
  haha it made my day . 
  * government and police are very corrupt but the bigger problem from my viewpoint is the lack of education in society , people keep blaming government but i always say that government is a reflect of its society . 
  and i am not talking about schools or universities i talk about lack of values and moral . 
  * no , we hate our president , but luckily after this people wo n't vote for a guy just because he looks fancy , enrique pe\u00f1a nieto is a moron and i have no idea how he made it so far into the politics because he is really stupid . 
  * nothing will change in the near future . 
  those are really safe places to go , as i said , thousands of people visit mexico every year . 
  the most dangerous places are border cities like cd . 
  if you visit touristic destinations you will be fine !, 
  do n't worry and enjoy your trip to mexico . 
  and if you are a cute girl let me invite you a cup of cofee !, 
  :d i have always wanted an american girlfriend , they are so cute !, 
  haha yeah . . whenever i travel to houston i get amazed about the huge amount of beautiful girls i saw . . 
  if you want to see the most beautiful girls in the world go to `` guadalajara '' , not kidding . 
  and they love american guys . 
  haha dude . . spanish easier than french ? 
  god damn . 
  you do n't know how hard spanish is . . 
  crees que las econom\u00ecas chilenas y uruguayas son mas estables que la mexicana ? 
  en serio ? 
  are you trying to use reason with a tsm fan ? 
  good luck with that m8 . 
  i came here for the laughs , not the feels ... : /, 
  how i imagine op : `` do you like that you fucking retard ? '', 
  5 ' 9 '' 190lbs here . . 
  i consider myself fat , i go to gym and eat a lot :( , i should stop going to the gym, 
  doing homework  bridges wo n't build themselves !, 
  i am mexican though, 
  yeah , in some cities they do . 
  the capitals more than anything else . 
  and btw , i do n't know what are you talking about , when i went to houston there was a lot of road repairs , there was a bridge in construction nearby where i lived for a few weeks . 
  wow , you look happier :d love that smile heh, 
  so , if i am good at maths , you recommend me to follow the modelling/designing path \u00bf ? 
  narcotics and mexican girls , she will finally get her green card !, 
  usa usa usa !, 
  oww poor jax :( . . 
  i hope everything goes well from now on , for everyone . 
  i have n't see it before , so , for me it 's not a repost op < 3,
