  golden gate , statue of liberty , other famous american monuments, 
  he just dropped a bomb xdddd, 
  that guy looks like a redditor lmao xd, 
  truths were said, 
  hahahaha that was amazing, 
  ohh shit , this is so intense hahahaha go barbara !, 
  holy shit , what is going on ?!?!, 
  are they screaming shame ? 
  `` nah , not enough . 
  let 's take a recess ! '', 
  same from m\u00e9xico . . 
  all first gen ? 
  that 's awesome !!!, 
  as a mexican i will tell you . 
  they probably burst out laughing at you at their `` business talk '' when you walked out of the door xd, 
  i think they are joking and even if they are not , it does n't mean they are going to hurt you . 
  just do it with poor/old people, 
  hey dude !, 
  what games you play ?? 
  i feel the same way you do , play video games and go to college i do n't enjoy my life to the fullest but things get better sometimes !, 
  i am wet, 
  juan does n't know !, 
  for women yeah , it probably is xd, 
  me neither . . 
  have you gotten ur ass eaten tho, 
  i love this sub, 
  i ai n't even black, 
  if u think dank sponge bob memes will stop you are so fuckin wrong bruh, 
  what 's the point of this post ? 
  you want us to give you more reasons to break up with your girlfriend ? 
  is she hot ? 
  i would n't know of another reason to stay with her after reading this post, 
   if the girlfriend posted her side we 'd likely be angry at op . 
  i do n't think so . 
  what piece of shit you have to be to leave your boyfriend for his brother ? 
  please . 
  ohh you are mexican . . 
  i understand now . 
  mexicans are very conservative in that aspect ( i am mexican but very open minded ) , just ignore your brother . 
  he seems to be the reason why most mexicans do n't like pochos , do n't be like him . 
  if you are in the united states just enjoy it , things would be harder to accept here in m\u00e9xico . 
  i respect you a lot for what you do and i think it is great what you do for your son !, 
  it 's ok , bigger cities in mexico are very liberal . 
  i love when i travel to leon/guanajuato/monterrey because i get to know cool people who think like me :d, 
  which part of m\u00e9xico are you from ? 
  it seems like the north of mx, 
  yeah , poor europeans . 
  suffering with their free college and universal healthcare :(, 
  i do n't know . 
  i 've lived in other cities ( in coahuila especially ) and trust me when i say that monterrey is more liberal than here . 
  haha alright !, 
  i will , 
  i think you just want to punish her for cheating on you . 
  it has nothing to do with helping her . 
  just let her go , break up with her and move on with your life . . 
  is that a chicken ? 
  wtf, 
  hmm i do n't know how you drink your lemonade, 
  le reddit army is always ready to meme, 
  you have your head filled with capitalistic propaganda . 
  good shit i do n't live in the us, 
  you must be very naive if you actually believe all of this . 
  watch / u/ryanmonroe ' comment, 
  bait and switched i tell ya !, 
  maybe they just miss their daughter ? 
  not all families are like in the us where they throw you out at 18 just because, 
  my mom and sister are both nurses . 
  i am studying engineering and if i ever get married i 'll marry a nurse ( or a teacher ) . 
  nurses are amazing , i would n't like to date a doctor or anything else , 
  left then right, 
  i know , it 's pretty sad what she does . 
  i think the only problem here is that you are putting the whole blame on yourself . 
  do n't do that . 
  i have nothing to worry about as long as my pull out game stays strong . 
  well hello !, 
  hahaha wtf, 
  2 ) rumble, 
  as a main jungler you are the reason i ban vayne all the games , so i do n't get her on my team . 
  vayne has a bad early game , so if people lose as her early they usually blame the jungler , not her bad early game . 
  but when you lose you tilt till infinity, 
  silver / bronze , skillshots are hard but you blame your team everytime, 
  you are over plat elo and play just for fun , you never read/write on chat, 
   hospital bills, 
  usa usa, 
  why do you disagree with it ? 
   grand majority of economists think trade agreements like nafta has been benefitial for most americans . 
  how was it beneficial for most americans ? 
  i am genuinely interested in knowing this . 
  the deal was definitely beneficial for mexican 's exonomy , i am mexican myself . 
  the economy growth in the last few years has really made mexico be just under the united kingdom and above italy in the gdp rankings . 
  mexico has been growing and will definitely be a world power in the next few decades ( economically speaking ) if things keep the same way and all thanks to the nafta . 
  what happened with this deal is that many companies ( production companies ) left the us and brought mexico their plants because the workforce is cheaper here . 
  they do n't pay too many taxes here in mexico , so the companies prefer this country to invest their money . 
  they only americans being benefited for this ( in my opinion ) are rich people who own said companies , i do n't understand how it was beneficial for most americans that their jobs are leaving to other countries , it 's actually pretty simple . 
  i think that fucked up lower/middle class in the us , companies leaving the us means there is less jobs for americans , owners of companies in mexico do n't have to pay any taxes in the us ( or so i guess , i do n't know about taxes regulations in the us . ), 
  the only negative things i can think of right now about nafta in mexico is most fruits/vegetables are now brought from the us and it really fucked up mexican ' agriculture . 
  also , some mexican universities ( college education in mexico is free by the way , just like in many european countries ) do not have researching/investigation programs , most of their programs are related to industry growing . 
  i am not a native english speaker but i hope you read all of this and give me your point of view of a mexican ' perspective ( civil engineering / urbanism student ) . 
  edited a few things . 
  that 's not normal , he is an asshole .
