  you look so happy doing all of this dances haha good job !, 
  i loled at the guy in the back working out !, 
  haha, 
  our president is an idiot , but the insecurity is not his fault , he has the power to fix it though . 
  the problem in m\u00e9xico is the lack of education , people would rather join the cartels because they can make a lot of money instead of work ( until someone of the enemy cartel cut off their heads ) . 
  but you know , it 's just my opinion . 
  yeah . . the moral hangover is indescribable . . 
  you have to experience it at least once so you can understand the level of shame it makes you feel . 
  that 's actually cute . . 
  hey , i was watching your stream for like 3 hours . . it was really funny , the amount of trolls on twitch chat but you handled them well . . good luck with your stream !, 
  i will be watching it from time to time . . 
  really ? 
  he added a guy just to tell him to fuck off ... 
  qt is fun to watch , but when he did that , i closed his stream without thinking twice . . 
  yeah . . he is a good guy and knows a lot about the game . . 
  but his fanboys are really annoying to play with . 
  `` horse girls are just cat ladies with more money '', 
  do you trust me ? 
  i 'm not a stranger , just a random mexican guy, 
  but i want a swedish girlfriend :( how can i get a swedish girlfriend if i ca n't even talk to her ? 
  get me some swedish blonde beauties and i can travel to sweden and organize something , 
  hey man , i can teach you how to make a real burrito \u00f1.\u00f1 , i 'm mexican so if you want i 'll try to post some pictures . 
  yeah . . not any player but krepo is so cute !, 
  not really , a lot of c9 fans are also meteos 's fans , even if they get relegated , if meteos stays in c9 , they will have one of the higher fanbases in na, 
  his ego is too big . . 
  c9 is a world class team unless they get caught at level 1 haha, 
  cute *, 
  aaaaaaaaaaaaand you got rekt . . 
  done . 
  it matters . 
  yeah . . and once he say that to your friend , whipe out the monster and show him who is the real man . 
  i was talking about op talking to his friend !, 
  riot would n't let seeiya play in the lcs , even tho he was number 1 in soloq at season 2, 
  like warturtle happy, 
  damn , i 'm so drunk, 
  leona bruiser confirmed . 
  imp and ... 
  did i just imagine them having a threesome ? 
  oh god . . 
  riot learn from its mistakes , except when it 's related to balancing champs . 
  yeah , english is not my main language and when i translate something to spanish , sometimes it sounds really stupid , that 's why i try to make words fit in the context of what we are talking . 
  aids knows no direction . 
  should have *, 
  hey man , can i ask you a few questions about the books ? 
  she had daddy issues . 
  my favorite player , i wish he had better mechanics so he could have a chance at worlds again :(, 
  and then what happens ? 
  not a book reader here !, 
  [ i should get a cat ] ( http://www.livememe.com/or13pup ), 
  it would n't work unless usa legalize them too . . 
  i have a few stories , i 'm from a state ( coahuila ) at the north of mexico ( south of texas ) and as you can imagine it 's a red point for cartels because it 's border with the usa , the place where they move their `` products '' . 
  1 . - this happened like a year ago , did n't happen to me but since i live in a small town ( ~ 40,000 citizens ) every big thing that happens there is well known by their habitants . 
  there was a guy , he was a `` hawk '' or `` halc\u00f3n '' , these guys are the one who watch the city , if they see something wrong like a marines 's convoy patrolling the city , they warn the cartel members in the city so they can avoid shootings with the marines ( federal police , army , etc. ) . 
  but this guys are normal guys , the only difference is that they work for the cartels , you see them at parties or on the street walking , everyone knows them , let 's call him u. 
  this guy , was pretending a girl , the only problem was that this girl was married , her husband was a good guy , he had a big store and other business and was doing great , had a great house and cars . 
  he was not messing with anyone including u , until one day . 
  u would n't stop bothering the girl , he went to her house a lot of times , what could the family do ? , everyone knew u was a part of the cartel , not so important like other members but he was . 
  after a few months the guy got tired of u , took a 9mm and killed u , right in the street a few blocks from my house . 
  what happens next is that this guy ran away from the city , he probably went to live to the usa , nobody knows exactly , the problem was what he left behind , brothers , uncles , cousins , his fathers , everyone disappeared , nobody know if they are alive or the cartel killed them as vengeance for killing one of them , all their houses are empty , burned and painted with graffitis of marihuana leaves , skulls and messages against the guy like `` this is what happens for messing with us '' . 
  it 's a weird story , people still think that they are alive , but who knows ? 
  i can tell you a few more stories if you want , the problem is that i got ta leave right now !, 
  just did n't want this to get buried without commenting :d, 
  remember that i 'm not a native english speaker so i could have some grammar mistakes . 
  please keep updating op , interesting story !, 
  today was a good day to reddit !, 
  thanks man !, 
  i will go to usa in a few weeks , and will be there 2 months , hopefully my english will improve as well . 
  i ca n't practice enough living here , but still i try to practice as much as i can playing online videogames or reading reddit :d, 
  it 's like hitler all along . . 
  wtf 2 waiters ? 
  and videogames , do n't forget videogames :|, 
  she want us to give her a justification to stay with him . 
  the guy sounds like an asshole , when i was 22 i used to be an alcoholic , i had emotional issues and depression but never hurted anyone because that 's not something i 'd do being sober . 
  alcohol makes us do awful things sometimes , but never try to justify those actions on alcohol . 
  yeah . . it 's gon na get worse when they get married . . 
  interesting user name . . 
  * resisting intensifies *, 
  why noy both ? 
  yeah , when they are n't killing each other haha, 
  that poor guy :(, 
  i 'm pretty sure that scene gave the actor a lot of chicks , a lot . 
  wow , i did n't know that ... 
  do white girls literally say that ? 
  hahaha i used to do that in highschool , it was like a challenge between my class-mates and i. . the good old days !, 
  put a little bit of that on a beer and you will get an even more awesome drink !, 
  yeah . . 
  i think i can get a white girl just by cooking her some mexican food . 
  the little things are the most important . 
  check this out, 
  [ como est\u00e1s tu - grupo liberaci\u00f3n ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wla_42cn_z8 ), 
  i have a few ideas in mind already but a few more ideas would be great !, 
  and thanks man i 'll ask her too !, 
  yeah . . 
  i mean , i 've been in dates before but not like this , she is really special . 
  thanks for your advice !, 
  not this time man , not this time  ), 
  long distance relationship most of the time end up like that man , not all women are like her , just take a deep breath and move on !, 
  you will find someone better, 
  man , i 'm done with this shit :(, 
  i ca n't , i am really frustrated about it . .
