  yeah , having the us constantly fucking you over for trying a different ideology does n't help either haha, 
  c9 has one of the best fan bases , they are very acceptive and do n't criticize players too much . 
  just what is necessary, 
  this is one of the dumbest and funniest videos i 've ever seen . . how are these people alive , i 'll never know, 
  na is a mayor region ? 
  i watch them for the memes/drama, 
  did i say streamer ? 
  i meant memer !, 
   na are just that dogshit, 
  and still , c9 always does better than tsm at worlds, 
  hits close to home :(, 
   we need some government intervention, 
  so , when your own government does it , that 's ok . 
  but when venezuela does it , it 's a dictatorship . 
  right wingers are fucking hypocrits . 
   free market does n't work, 
  there . 
  you do n't have to say anything else . 
  that 's the only answer you need . 
  both suck, 
  if you dont like it , you can get the fuck out of this sub with your negativity . 
  most people here is glad to help our gringos friends with their questions, 
  damn ... too much info bro, 
  resting for the rusia game, 
  that 's some sun tzu shit right there, 
  just like my ex, 
  should have *, 
  just like us, 
  i know , i hate how people hate on pro korean players because they want to make more money before they retire , as if they would n't do the same if they could . 
  but they ca n't , because they ca n't even get past silver . 
  the healthcare one is true tho, 
  where did you study water resources ? 
  fuck humans , they voted for trump . 
  mantener el capitalismo, 
  social democracia no es capitalismo . 
  also , the guy who stole danny 's dragons in season 2, 
  hollywood 's capitalist propaganda doing the dirty job, 
  it 's called capitalism bro, 
  i wish i knew that 2 months ago . 
  it 's still painful man, 
  how are things at magnolia ? 
  i 've family living there , i know they are ok , i am just a little worried about one of my favorite places in the world :'(, 
  just add `` bro '' at it . 
  always works . 
  make pangea great again, 
  actually , it 's when you control the memeings of production, 
  sign me in, 
  you think you fool anyone with that top knot ? 
  bald cunt, 
  that 's the dream if you ask me, 
  not surprising to be honest . 
  that 's capitalism y' all . 
  those billionaires got ta eat somehow !, 
  too cheesy, 
  fox was n't enough, 
  and then there is the racist cheeto : /, 
  he did n't weakened hillary , she did so herself for being such a weak candidate . 
  bernie got a whole generation to go out to the streets and support him but the dnc had already chose its candidate . 
  fuck everyone who says bernie lead to trump winning , that 's not true at all . 
  but a lot of people visits / r/sports . . 
  bobby b was a great redditor , proud shitposter . 
  the king of shitposters who never bend the knee . . how many of his people was banned for his pride ? 
  yes . 
  tier b adc, 
  so , i have been talking to this girl in my swimming classes . 
  first of all , i 'll talk a little bit about me . 
  i am kinda shy when i talk to girls i like . 
  the past year was a really hard year for me , went through really bad things related to my alcoholism and emotional issues , but i 'm waaaaaaaaaaaay better now at every aspect of my life , do exercise , deleted facebook , and go out a lot more . 
  i love swimming , since i was a kid , i 've practiced a lot of sports but sucked at all of them , but swimming is like my favorite one and i 'm really good at it . 
  i inscribed myself at the olimpic pool and there is like 7 girls and 4 guys in my beginner class . 
  i met this girl there , she was the first person who i talked to in that class but that was the only time we talked ( until 3 days ago ) . 
  i did n't talk to her because i thought she was way out of my league , she is beautiful , smart and cute . 
  i am not the most handsome guy but i exercise and that makes me look really better since i 'm in a good shape . 
  anyway , some of the girls in class always approached to me , to ask how i learned to swim or other things related to swimming , i 'd gladly answer and talk back to them , but that 's all , i just go there to practice and get as tired as i can . 
  there is also 1 guy in my class , classic douche who talk to any girl he wants and treat them like an object ( i hate those guys ) , this guy was talking to other guy in the class , while we was swimming , i stood a few feets away from them in the pool , was not even trying to listen but then he said to the other guy `` hey man , those chicks already gave me their phone number '' . 
  he was probably lying , but he made me think `` well if this asshole got these girls ' numbers , why ca n't i ? '', 
  class ended and i waited this girl outside of the building , her sister is in the same class and somehow , they thought i liked the sister , the conversation went like this :, 
  - sister : hey , who are you waiting ? 
  - me : i 'm waiting her * signals to her sister *, 
  her sister just smiled and kept walking , the girl just stood there and asked `` me ? '', 
  and turned her look to her sister , that 's why i think they thought i liked the sister haha . . and so i asked . 
  - me : hey , what will you do tomorrow ? 
  will you be busy ? 
  - girl : well , yeah . . but i 'll be free the next week , i have to attend to a wedding tomorrow , but i 'll be free the next week . 
  - me : well , awesome !, 
  you can give me your number the next week and we can plan something for the next saturday . 
  she said yes !, 
  at this point i do n't remember what else we said ( i was so exited ) , we shared a few more words , walked to her sister and then we said good bye . 
  it was not that she said yes , the way she said it was what made me feel so happy , i 've been smiling like an idiot the entire weekend but here comes the problem . 
  there is one week left until we have our `` date ? 
  '' , i do n't want to fuck things up , i just want to play it cool , treat her like if it 's not a big deal and let things happen normally . 
  so , i need your advice r/relationships , what can i do to play things cool ? , take it all easy until our date , i 'll see her for 1 week at the classes and do n't want to annoy her , i know it sounds stupid but i 'm really worried . 
  also , would be cool if you give me advices about a first date with such an awesome girl !, 
  english is not my native language , so i may have some grammar mistakes, 
  thank you guys !, 
  ** tl ; dr ** : met girl at swimming class , she is awesome and we will have a date next weekend but until then i do n't want to ruin everything ! . 
  advice appreciated, 
  this city is beautiful , actually , this is the first time i visit the usa and i fell in love with the landscape ( there 's a lot of beautiful women too  ), 
  people use the phone and drive at the same time a lot . 
  that may cause accidents guys .
