  my only problem with zizek is that half of his article are just some of his ( 20-30 ) `` stand up '' bits . 
  because that 's how he works , he has 30 ideas that he repeats forever in no matter what context . 
  what he says `` europe has to learn to live up to the dream that motivated the protesters on the maidan '' is quite nice though . 
  he looks like `` angry gadea '' in that photo . 
  my only hope is that now that we sent some rich guys and some politicians to prisons here in romania they will increase living standards in our prisons ( just to be sure if they need to take a 3 years break in the future ) . 
  celebrating the 10th enlargement with satistics from 2012 . 
  i lived in the west and i do n't blame people who see us all the same . 
  i found out while there that we have so much in common here in the east . 
  they call themselves romales not roma, 
  it 's called that because of the loewentaller which had a lion on it and was widely used here and in other parts before . 
  even the russians and the muslims have a better criminal record in hollywood movies than the albanians . 
  duh , everyone knows you do the pointy end against the pointy end . 
  otherwise is cheating, 
  holy fuck , you guys are the ones behind it . 
  thanks, 
  are you kidding , i wish this was more of a thing when i was younger and going around with `` stropitul '' so i would n't run into people going `` oh , i 'm sorry , i celebrated easter last week '', 
  i know the hole story behind that ugly thing . 
  and even that boc said it 's too expensive to change it now in 2008 , then apostu said he will change it soon ^ tm and now that boc will also change it soon ^ tm, 
  mamaliga and sarmale ... you 're not very foreign tough . 
  my guess is because it looks like the romanian flag . 
  which is true , my first time in budapest i was shocked , i thought what the fuck , did these guys enjoyed that much having their capital occupied by romania that they put its flag at every corner ? 
  but after that i found out it 's the flag of budapest . 
  i was so angry when they 've changed it and i still am now . 
  mainly because i come from a city where the [ old coat ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/22/coa_of_cluj_%28interbellum%29.png ) of arms was changed and a [ new coat of arms ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:actual_cluj-napoca_coa.png ) made by a romanian nationalist mayor which has on it a minerva , the dacian wolf and the monument he himself built the mother fucker , like his ugly tower with a bell on top is the biggest symbol of the city . 
  and all of that because the old coat of arms was `` hungarian '' or something . 
  it 's so annoying to see cities fucking up their heritage which is romanian and hungarian only to erase the other from it . 
  but why ? 
  they 've changed it because it resembles the romanian flag . 
  and that my european friends is the national communist propaganda that is still taught in our history class . 
  except they put a `` inter war period was glorious '' and `` communism was dark '' . 
  also , mickey hash is a ripoff of equals three and pretty much sucks ass . 
  this is the true [ budapest flag ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ae/flag_of_budapest.png ) . 
  but fuck history and tradition , nationalism is here and if we hate somebody we will show it by fucking every thing in our culture that is has a small resemblance to them . 
  14 out of 15 people who gathered today in estonia think the ussr was better . 
  victory !, 
  victory !, 
  tovarishch , victory is ours !, 
  there is no astroturfing on / r/romania ( at least not from russians ) . 
  but there are people who are more pro-russia inclined . 
  for example when there was a nato exercise some people said stuff like `` collaboration means they ( the americans ) are flying the planes and we clean the windscreens ? '', 
  or points were made that we should n't have such a strong position for sanctioning russia because it 's an important partner and the usa is n't i think we the astroturfing scare in reddit risks to turn into a / r/conspiracy kind of argument `` whoever does n't agree with me is a shill '', 
  1 in 7 turks lives in europe . 
   i hate the pessimistic culture people have in my country . 
  oh you have no fucking idea what a pessimistic culture is my friend , you have no idea . 
  yeah , they are pretty much everywhere there is a large group of people and most of the times they do a good job . 
  sometimes they are assholes who beat up protesters . 
  the jandarmerie in romania is pretty much there to beat up football hooligans and they do a good job at that sometimes . 
  it 's present at protests and in bucharest they are pretty much assholes ( beating up protesters ) but i have n't heard of a case in which they 've done something like that outside bucharest . 
  also , your peacock pre-wwi gendarmerie is inscribed in the collective memory of romanians in transylvania as the biggest assholes history had to offer . 
  with the typical janos we drank palinka and quarreled over politics , with the peacocks we fought like they came from hell . 
  we still hear legends from our grandparents ( who were n't alive and also heard the stories from their parents or grandparents ) about how much of an asshole the peacock of the village was . 
  how is moldova doing ? 
  how the fuck can polish and hungarian nationalists be pro-russia ? 
  the national awaking of these countries is either an anti-russian movement or was suppressed by russia . 
  the root of polish and hungarian nationalism is anti-russia . 
  populism - attitude favorable to satisfying the will of the people even against their real interest . 
  tell that to the guys who invaded it . 
  to be fair europe can not into russia either . 
  the thing with stray dogs is that any human and normal solution ( euthanasia ) with them is blocked by ngos which in a partnership with the bucharest mayor made a thing in which they adopt dogs from the streets ( sterilize them ) and then let them free again . 
  this is against the law as abandoning a dog according to the law is a penal case . 
  so , last week or some weeks ago some of these dogs which on paper belong to ngos or their volunteers killed a homeless woman in a park in central bucharest . 
  public outrage and small minds made people who feel nobody makes anything to protect them take the matter in their own hands and killed the dogs . 
  nobody believes the ngos `` they are set up for adoption '' once they saw most of the dogs adopted by the ngos are back on the streets . 
  so because these people in the ngos think that we should n't euthanize dogs but instead let them free and happy . 
  of course dogs on the streets can not be safe from abuse but they take that abuse that is caused by them and show it to the west in `` look how romanians treat dogs '' . 
  i 'm not defending dirty peasants killing dogs but this would n't have been happening if they could have been put up for adoption and then euthanized if not adopted . 
  no but you only have a bunch of posts on made with your account and you are either a lurker or you were n't brave enough to post this from you main account . 
  are you some brave libertarian that used his throwaway account to debate this because of too much bravery ? 
  the guy who wrote the article deserves a shit on his doorstep . 
  i too like having some juice while redditing . 
  i do n't have real info about ukraine but what i hope is that this is n't just svoboda cleaning the far-right of opposing groups . 
  do n't really worry , you need some bad luck to experience it but it can happen . 
   i think many far right groups in europe see putin favourably simply because of his opposition to the us and his strong rethorics , rejection of homosexual rights and his association with traditional christian values ( orthodox church ) . 
  it 's strange how in catholic countries putin is seen as a good guy for his ortodox values by the far right but in romania he 's seen as the pure evil by the far right . 
  he 's in that russian-hungarian-iluminati conspiracy to steal transylvania and sterilize the romanian people . 
  since 1st of january 2014 and the romanian invasion to the uk you can live and work without a permit anywhere in the eu as a romanian or bulgarian citizen . 
  you can travel anywhere in the eu ( + switzerland and norway ( if the id card was issued after 2009 ) ) with just a romanian id card ( or a romanian passport ) . 
  so , besides a small amount of anti-romanian racism ( which may disappear if they see you 're actually american ) it will be extremely easy to move anywhere in the eu . 
  switzerland and norway require some permits but they are not very hard to obtain but take care , the swiss are pretty much anti-european immigrants especially italians , romanians and bulgarians . 
   guy posts an unproved theory that 's even somewhat offensive if the `` who was first in transylvania '' topic offends you i can only say ... lol . 
  bribe the guys that pose a problem . 
  it 's not that relevant , a lot of these regions are just historical regions without a real move towards separatism . 
  some of these parts are as close to separatism as transylvania is ( aka nowhere near ) it but have a regional identity . 
  so this map si pretty stupid , either put all the regions with a regional identity in europe which will break every country in multiple regions or put only the relevant separatist regions which are very few . 
  a lot of moldovans there are just as moldovans as putin is . 
  you know the kind , the ones who think only pigs speak romanian and they should speak `` moldovan '' or russian . 
  these guys are some rich gypsies with ties to the mafias that proclaimed themselves the king and emperor of gypsies ( if you know the gypsies you 'd understand why ) . 
  last year or two years ago the king died basically revealing during his funeral how many connections are between the gypsy mafia and the politicians and having the media cover him as some sort of gypsy hero ( revealing how much the media is placed in this gypsy mafia politics game ) . 
  and since then people started to take these pieces of shits seriously as some sort of representatives of the gypsies basically shitting on any gypsy that tried to get a real organization moving to represent and protect gypsy rights . 
  he can ban my ass marriage , nobody listens to him . 
  and even more annoying is how even pmp ( a party , a shit one , but a party nontheless ) is trying to communicate with the roman community and instead of working with ngos that try to help the roma , instead of working with the party of the roma they tried to work with that piece of shit ( to who 's father funeral they of course attended ) . 
  this european election is full of independent candidates which range anti-abortion to independent transylvania so this does n't come as a surprise . 
  i noticed that they are used to it and like it . 
  the small city i was in the guys were asking for dubbing . 
  when i was in france i was shocked on how shitty the dubbing of almost all of the movies is . 
  there are like two ore three actors so all the voices sound cartoonish and the puns are as bad as you can imagine . 
  in romania we have subtitles thus people who speak english can still enjoy the puns and plays on words while the others have to deal with the shitty translations . 
  not really , the crew took care of it very well and they still do but sadly most of them have never been underwater . 
  the amount of time i confused these two flags is incredible . 
  and i 'm pretty good with flags .
