  he was a military leader of the romanian emancipation movement who fought against hungarian nationalists . 
  he fought for transylvania 's autonomy ( because it would be the only way the romanians would get some right ) and for the emperor . 
  every hungarians nationalist will consider him a murderer because he fought against the revolution . 
  ask them one simple question to find out if they are pro-autonomy or just hungarian nationalists : was avram iancu a murderer ? 
  because if fashion , food and wine are not your thing , do n't move to france . 
  so the pan-european myth of gypsies stealing kids is n't true ? 
  well , that 's a surprise . 
  it 's not about international law . 
  it 's about that we try to be equal and united in europe under the same rights for every eu citizen . 
  if the germans can travel without visa to canada the eu should battle that the romanians have the same right . 
  romania was split in 3 big countries ( transylvania , wallachia and moldova ) and several smaller ones ( banat , bukovina ) . 
  iasi and baia ( suceava something , i do n't really know ) were the capitals of moldova ( and now chisinau is the capital of the rep of moldova which is half of moldova ) . 
  targoviste and then bucharst were the capitals of wallachia . 
  alba-iulia , sibiu and then cluj were the capitals of transylvania . 
  czernowitz was the capital of bukovina and timisoara the capital of banat . 
  today , cluj ( transylvania ) , bucharest ( wallachia ) , timisoara ( banat ) and iasi ( moldova ) self-declare themselves the capitals of these historical regions . 
  when wallachia and moldova united the capital was chosen bucharest . 
  these unification became romania . 
  during ww1 bucharest was occupied so the capital of romania was moved to iasi for a short period of time . 
  maybe that 's why you put iasi there . 
  god no , i dislike that guy so much . 
  if united to moldova means moldova disappears and it 's replaced by small and weak judete that have to listen to the corrupt , centralized mafia formed by ceausescu and developed by iliescu in bucharest . 
  no thanks . 
  goulash , budapest , dobos torte , omega , the parliament building . 
  are you kidding me , i thought it 's just a romanian racist legend that my parents told me so i would behave . 
  when you treat someone like is not your equal because they look different . 
  the eu ones did good , the rest , not so good . 
  i think czech rep did the best followed by estonia . 
  romania and bulgaria being the worst in this eu part of ex iron curtain . 
  than , there are the non eu among which i think belarus was the worst thus being the country that improved the less . 
  ukraine and moldova also have some problems with their development . 
  albania , i have no info on albania but i think it 's the best non eu country that was behind the iron curtain and may be compared to romania and bulgaria in some aspects . 
  racist is when you hate people for being different not when you acknowledge them . 
  why is n't fracking a thing in western europe ? 
  why did france outlawed it ? 
  i really do n't get why should eastern , poorer , non-euro economies be the ones with fracking . 
  i 'm not an environmentalist but i do n't like the idea of being a big natural resources exporter because that way any other kind of business that wants to export need to go with that strong currency that the natural resources have made thus transforming these countries in basically big mines . 
  as you can see around the world , poor , corrupt countries exporting natural resources are not the way to go . 
  if it 's not at some strange hour ( in this case i would check first to see who is ) i 'd open it without even thinking . 
  there are sometimes gypsies who come to beg from door to door and only now , after having read this question , it has occurred to me that if these guys carry a knife : i 'm dead . 
  my grandmother on the other hand lives in a small town in a house and for these guys that come to beg she has a german shepard which i think is a bit racist but he does his job at keeping my grandma safe . 
  romanian : * `` om cu scaun la cap '' man with a chair on his head means , educated , rational man . 
  * `` i-a picioarele in spinare '' taking his legs on his back running away as fast as he possibly can . 
  * `` a da curului sare '' to give the ass salt . 
  working cursory . 
  * `` a cadea cu curu-n pula '' falling with your ass on a cock being in trouble . 
  it 's like saying : let 's shit on some people 's lives so we can maybe live better . 
  look at the traffic in bucharest and imagine it without ceaushima . 
  romania depends on what you like . 
  a lot of people like [ silva black ] ( http://www.dragosasaftei.ro/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/fotografie-de-produs-cu-amintire-silva-dark-1.jpg ) and [ stejar ] ( http://dieline.typepad.com/.a/6a00d8345250f069e20120a5df31ba970b-550wi ) . 
  i like [ timisoreana ] ( http://www.promoinfo.ro/main.php?module=img&amp;id=40&amp;item=3 ) and used to like [ ursus ] ( http://kubisinteractive.com/public/images/clients/case-studies/0300-ursus/1.jpg ) but it 's not that good anymore . 
  but , but , but , bremen is my favorite german city :(, 
  looking at these tactics used to denigrate the protesters i can only think about the mineriad and how they found `` drugs , weapons , ammo and an automatic typewriter '' at the opposition headquarters . 
  here is the wiki about the mineriad for those who do n't know about it . 
  i stopped giving a fuck last time this happened . 
  nothing changes if we do n't join schengen for me . 
  it does n't hurt me to show my id at the border with hungary just like no black/brown people look hurt by the fact that they have to show their id at the border with switzerland ( schengen and not that much ) . 
  yeah , it will be bad for our economy and that only means more and more romanians will emigrate into western countries contrary to what people believe . 
  nope , this has to do with the work restrictions which will be lifted on 1st of january . 
  now , any romanian citizen has to have a permit in some eu countries if he wants to stay more than 3 months and this is the reason they could deport the roma back ( they assumed they stayed more than 3 months even though you have no way of proving it in some countries ) . 
  if romania is in schengen nothing changes . 
  the only thing that changes is that i do n't have to show my id at the border with hungary . 
  also , do n't worry mate , all the roma that exist in romania are those you 've seen around europe . 
  there are no more ready to invade once the borders are `` open '' . 
  good idea . 
  even romania is closer to gmt +1 than spain . 
  it would be like changing time in the summer . 
  one hour more or less does n't change much . 
  it was n't postponed i forgot the year and rounded it to the closest i remembered . 
  also timisoara also wants that title and i do n't know if cluj is capable to take it . 
  craiova and iasi are also serious concurrence and maybe the romanians will think let 's give the title to a city from outside transylvania because the last time we hosted the ecc sibiu was the host . 
  i 've read that they started working again on the cables :d but there are still huge problems with the mentalities throughout the city . 
  the romanians still do n't respect or recognize some hungarian patrimony and do n't value it and the hungarians do the same with the romanian patrimony . 
  when there were the rosia montana protests i saw people who said thing like `` the hungarians should go protest in their own country , here are not welcomed '' because `` cluj is n't kolozsvar '' . 
  maybe this mentality is disappearing but i do n't know if it will be gone in 2021 and i really do n't want things like unplugging the sound on a hungarian concert during the ecc . 
  let 's not forget that funar happened only 10 years ago . 
  i like kosice , it 's like a smaller version of my city , cluj . 
  has a hungarian minority , was a part of hungary and even the [ architecture is similar . 
  ] ( http://www.cluj.travel/analiza-cluj-vs-kosice-asemanari-si-diferente/ ) sadly they have solved a lot of the problems we still have in cluj . 
  they do n't have an ongoing conflict between the two communities , they have put the goddamn cables from the posts underground , cleaned the city and managed to pedestrianize their city center . 
  but hey , we want to be ecc in 2020 maybe by then , if we get the title over the other romanian cities that want it we manage to solve some of these problems . 
  more exports means a stronger currency . 
  i know man . 
  every time i get out of the city i start considering moving to the countryside to start a farm like my grandparents . 
  then i remember i have n't learned at all how to live in rural romania . 
  in like 1 month i would starve . 
  edit is just next to your username on the right . 
  also , underneath you can change the text which will appear when you put your mouse over it . 
   i am about the same size as texas france, 
  idk , just a guess . 
  she forgot the seaside but not the mountains , the nature and the bears . 
  your wife is from transylvania . 
   steaua is their best football club which is why in a third league match between the village y vs the village x you will find banners saying `` muie steaua '' : `` fuck steaua '', 
  almost no sex-ed . 
  there are people who do n't know that they need to pull out . 
  poor folk ... 
  why did you come here ? 
  just a few hundred kilometers away there are some of the richest regions on earth and you come here . 
  [ varza a la cluj ] ( http://www.teoskitchen.ro/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/varza-a-la-cluj-6.jpg ) [ tuica ] ( http://www.buciumiasi.ro/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/tuica_prune_05.jpg ) which is also a very good disinfectant in case someone gets hurt . 
  and some horse meat ...
