  just make them put a coat of arms on it or something . 
  i want to hug a bruxelles bureaucrat right now . 
  yes i would also love to have a car-free day , maybe not every week but at least once a month . 
  i think that with autonomy the extremists would have much less support among the hungarian population in transylvania . 
  they do n't really have much support but they can fake it by infiltrating moderate people manifestations for autonomy . 
  for example in the little fight with last week most of the people there were normal people against corruption and who think that if money is n't sent to bucharest they would be able to manage it more properly ( i know , they receive more money in sekelyland that they send but that 's what they believe ) and the nationalists just infiltrate among them . 
  it was a 2500 march there and only 5-6 guys were violent and it could be clearly seen that they had a ultranationalist symbols on their t-shirts . 
  ceausescu did that on every sunday . 
  but , do n't they have fences all along the tracks ? 
  some pigs might feel offended by that . 
  feel free . 
  do you really think that geoana and the psd would n't have imposed the exact same austerity measures ? 
  and i made a [ map ] ( http://imgur.com/gzsmqan ), 
  michael daniel higgins , the president of ireland . 
  i do n't know much about him but i saw at some point some discourses he had against some austerity measures that would affect the poor in the irish parliament and i really liked him . 
  charles de gaulle , i want him to do to romania what he did to france when he was a president : take a weak regime that does n't function and hits political crisis every time someone coughs and make it a functioning democracy . 
  they should have put the independents in the center so it would n't look like the right still has a majority . 
  for but i 'm thinking ... is n't an isolated russia in an economic crisis more dangerous ? 
  these are just as ridiculous as useless as clothes are in a fashion show . 
  wow , anyone east of germany , watch out !, 
  the mein kampf of the 21 century . 
  transylvania , a historical region of romania . 
  transylvania , a historical region of romania . 
  i hope it will remain just dick waving . 
  why are n't you commemorating the 100 years war ? 
  a lot of people have died there too . 
  it 's not about how many people have died , i think it 's obscene to care about a war by the number of people who have died . 
  one dead person is enough to declare it was a tragedy . 
  a war is important because of the lessons it teaches us . 
  and the first world war was the first war that taught us that was is ugly , tragic and that people die like dogs in mud not like heroes for their country . 
  it was the war that changed all wars from its beginning when soldiers from both sides played football on the christmas day to no one celebrating christmas on the last christmas day . 
  and the most important lesson was learned during the second world war , that putting all the blame on the losing side for a war is really a recipe for disaster . 
  poor masaryk ... 
  i think we ought to use a different word for this style of dictatorship . 
  i would say populist oligarchy - an oligarchy controlling a country with a charismatic leader that makes populist moves so people like him . 
  in russia the far right is extremely strong so that 's why putin populism is so fascist . 
  why is n't the us and europe doing anything . 
  i do n't mean any intervention but i do n't see any officials criticizing russia for intervening ? and it 's not like they do n't know if this is really happening . 
  that the fact that people do n't like dictators is n't a reason for crimeans to be pro eu . 
  he is n't but some call for the downvoting brigade in threads like this . 
  do n't even bother ... / r/enoughlibertarianspam and you can see how many of these guys are on reddit and how they brigade against anyone who does n't believe . 
  i do n't think russians like dictators either . 
  that does n't mean all of them need to come to europe . 
  i mean , people around here write stuff like `` why would anybody chose russia , they are manipulated or invented by the russian propaganda machine '' or `` they are put there by the russians , they must be deported back to russia '' and they get a lot of upvotes because nobody conceives that someone may want to be with russia and not the god of freedom and wealth that is the eu . 
  i totally agree with you . 
  people on this subreddit seem to think that the tyranny of the majority is bad only when it takes the decision they do n't want but they seem to forget that for example the people of crimea are themselves the under the tyranny of the majority of ukraine but that does n't bother anybody . 
  either we like it or not , some people would rather be with russia no matter how bad we look at it and stopping them it 's undemocratic . 
  of course , how could i believe otherwise . 
  of course you 're an ancap . 
  so we leave people to play this game of voting and mattering but when there 's serious trouble we stop the game and make sure the right thing are made . 
  otherwise they might vote wrongly ? 
  c ) democracy works only when we like it . 
  but why does it make it fair for the 60 % to suffer so that the 40 % do n't ? 
  i saw a train full with military hardware once ... but then again it was late november so i think they were moving it around the country so all the cities have something to show on december 1st . 
  why do n't they just make a referendum in each region of ukraine and let people decide on which side they want to be . 
  something like : do you want to be independent , autonomous or want to continue with the ukrainian government . 
  i mean 14 . 
  until the 2000 there was still a fsn vs historical parties system . 
  where do you get your news from ? 
  it was a shitty dishonest and corrupt government because of the many problems it had among which are : ponta plagiarism , tries to stop the justice from putting some corrupt officials into prison and the rosia montana and pungesti affairs, 
   doctrines i guess we all agreed that thing stopped mattering 10 years ago . 
  i do n't think we have registration to vote in romania . 
  once you 're 18 you 're automatically counted on the lists . 
  they wanted to make some sort of registration to vote for the diaspora but i do n't know if it happened . 
   the current ( and former ) mayor is also the country 's former prime minister . 
  usually regarded as one of the few decent politicians , he 's been doing a great job running and promoting the city . 
  as with most communist countries , national institutions ' headquarters are always in the capital , so not much to speak of other than local branches of state institutions . 
  well that vastly depends on who 's looking . 
  the guys down in the southern romania might disagree with you . 
  even in cluj he is n't seen so well since his ( let 's be honest here ) failed prime minister mandate . 
  he was quite a good mayor before he was prime minister i give him that and he did lift up the city from the ruin the nationalists brought it in but i would n't give him all the credit the entire country was growing rapidly back then he was just lucky to be the mayor during the prosperous two-three years in the eu and before the crisis . 
  after that he went to bucharest to fail miserably and become hated by the entire country ( his party got 16 % of the vote last time from 33 % ) and came back to cluj where he became the mayor because people from cluj have a tradition not to vote psd . 
  you know what 's my opinion of that guy . 
  great honest guy but really stupid ... or let 's say lacking any kind of imagination . 
  too much rant . 
  i opened this comment window to tell you that you forgot about our feud with bucharest :d . 
  how does it work there ? 
  i mean , in romania we register earlier because there 's a month of electoral campaign just before the elections . 
  i think it would be illogical to register as a candidate during that month . 
  i know people who are 16 and romania would be better with them in mickey 's place . 
  yes , if the symbol of the soviet union were statues of dicks we would have a massive dickfall in ukraine now . 
  yes , from cluj . 
  does it seam improbable for one to be from transylvania ? 
  is n't this really a bad move for madrid . 
  i mean if they wanted to stop them they should take the risk and accept the referendum and then try to campaign against independence trying to convince the catalans to stay . 
  now , they 'll have angry catalans because they ca n't decide the future of their country and so they 'll lose even the catalans who supported unionism . 
  by doing what madrid is doing is basically saying to me `` splitting up is imminent '' . 
  / r/europe looks like it has such a hard on with these protests . 
  it 's like the ukrainians and the belorussians are protesting for everybody against every government . 
  belarus it 's going to be more violent and the guy needs to die fuck yeah people dying are fighting . 
  fuck prorussians they kill we kill back yeah kill kill kill . 
  seriously stop . 
  i want democracy in belarus but i do n't want to see the romanian december 89 anywhere else . 
  yes they are , the maidan is sponsored and sustained by the opposition parties . 
  all they want is elections and if it happens they 'll stop helping the maidan and the movement will slowly die . 
  some violence may occur afterwards but it will fade away as violent electoral campaign starts . 
  i want all of this to end as fast as possible . 
  this violence is the worst thing that can happen to the movement of the maidan , it shocks people and it makes them more easily manipulable by other forces . 
  this is what happened in syria , simple protesters were turned into al qaeda jihad fighters by the violence of the assad regime . 
  i do not want this to happen in ukraine .
