  and maybe by the time we get the euro ecb changes to plastic money too . 
  at least he 's not ponta about it and he resigned . 
  so just like romanians ... all for democracy and stuff but we would like a big daddy to take care of the country . 
  this is almost useless . 
  wars do n't work like this . 
  it 's not like `` wow someone invaded us last night , who 's up for fighting . '', 
  there 's an entire pre-war period in which the two enemies start hating each other and during that period these precentages skyrocket . 
  what this shows is that we are n't really in that kind of a period even if russia plays like that in the east . 
  it 's not necessarily 5000 dignitaries , some of them may be suspects in multiple cases . . 
  but their number is still over 1000 because i do n't think 1000 dignitaries have 5 cases . 
  i actually hope that he 's innocent but the way they protected sova in the past months just makes me suspicious that he is n't . 
  i think a lot of restaurants would translate it `` stomach soup '' because that 's what it 's literally called in romania `` ciorba de burta '', 
  i think the clue is in the title ... 
  tripe soup is the best thing ever , it does n't look good but it 's very good . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/football/2014/jun/05/michel-platini-conspirators-2022-world-cup-bid-uefa this one the internet is criticizing but uefa seems to have a problem only with russia . 
  yeah let 's fuck with russia because of our feud with them in ukraine ... and tell them that we do n't accept their imperialistic views and corrupt government . 
  but let 's go to qatar because that 's an ok country . 
  well in europe 8 out of 13 landlocked countries ( excluding vatican ) are n't poor . 
  and the us had no us and eu to tell fdr : hey , commie , pay your debts i do n't care if you starve . 
  i thought that the 500 euro was depicting the milau viaduct and the others some other bridges i do n't know . 
  the brits did n't educate their sons properly , look at us , we suck and moldova still gives us 12 points even though sometimes they fuck up and give the 12 points to uncle russia . 
  that 's not a problem because she 's actually related to the necromancer . 
  context . 
  the position she 's filling was left vacant after the ex minister , an important figure in psd , was found guilty of voting fraud . 
  one very common voting fraud in romania is to write on the list of people who voted dead people who magically come back form the dead during the election and go back afterwards . 
  and this ex minister is her father-in-law if i understood correctly . 
  yeah , but you know , some of these people live in areas with natural resources that western companies really like or in places where not having a western friendly dictator is really hard to control or simply just need to understand that the free market is the way and worker protection , government subsidies and other social services should n't really apply to them because we do n't have them in the west ... or do we . 
  i do n't think immigration is a problem or a solution , the more we integrate countries like the central african republic in the globalized world not by helping them develop but by making it a mining ground the more we create a large group of people who need to move out of there to live . 
  if i shit in the river and the people down the river come upstream to live because their water is full of shit why am i getting mad ? 
  i think it will affect the gdp because there are a lot of poor people and a lot of the food is produced in romania by ( but not limited to ) poor people . 
   and the president is under the austrian company 's payroll there is no proof for that but let 's assume your speculation is true , then :  so shut the fuck up with your whining of psd is like having two people shitting on your head , i point at one of them and say `` he shits on your head '' and you say `` so does the other so shut the fuck up about the first one and let him shit in peace '' . 
  if you are black and speak romanian color me impressed because you are either a very small minority of a few dozens who are the sons of african students fucking romanians especially during communism when a lot of them came to study medicine or you bothered a lot to learn something useless in today 's world . 
  in romania we vaccinate every time anything that 's not an insect bites you . 
  i think that 's why we have so few rabies cases in humans but so many in animals . 
  i just do n't understand why us , the romanians from transylvania have no myths and folklore with king matia which is strange because he 's at least in part a romanian and totally from transylvania . 
  not fifa , only the world cup . 
  we could boycott it ... 
  a tank destroyer , an apc and two tanks with very small canon which i have no idea what they are . 
  did you know immigrants eat babies ? 
  yes 2 . 
  i 've heard about it . 
  well i know now that you told me . 
  or they voted for a joke candidate like writing `` lulu '' and putting the stamp on him . 
  yeah but it sucks to download something faster than how your hard drive can write . 
  oh fuck me , i thought only cluj people are so arrogant to think craiova is gypsyland i see everybody things craiova is gypsyland even the bulgarians . 
  only romanians will understand . 
  ... multireligious , come and check transylvania . 
  we have orthodox , pope-loving orthodox , lutherans , catholics , american style protestants ( a lot of kinds ) , atheists , reformed . 
  i live in cluj , the biggest city in transylvania and almost no two churches in the city center have the same kind of christianity . 
  because if these people do n't die in the mediterranean and die in the wars and poverty they flee from we do n't care ... 
  i do n't want this . 
  yes russia should be stopped but i 'm afraid this may make russia have an aggressive reaction . 
  but then again , putting our heads down just because we are afraid of russia is n't going to do it . 
  a romanian saying is `` the bowed head is cut by the sword '' . 
  it 's great if you keep it in the city center . 
  i 'm talking about the neighborhoods in which the romanian build everything everywhere without and respect for public space is very present . 
  it 's not that great of a city to live in for that matter but for touristy stuff like a festival or something it 's great . 
  is worse than bucharest in some places . 
  i feel bad for the city center , it 's an awesome place , sadly it 's in romania . 
  interesting map , it wants to show how the nations which are against the entente ( in black here ) subjugate a lot of minorities . 
  a simplist propagandistic view but it 's nice that they did n't embellish the minority ethnic groups by making they bigger . 
  it 's a map drew by a historian , as accurate as he believes it is , but many historians would n't believe it and evidence today would straight up contradict it . 
  i 'm romanian and i can tell you of a theory that is popular here about the ethnogenesis of romanians that says that during this period we had layers of ethnic groups in the balkans ( slavs , romance speakers and greeks ) living in separate communities but close to each other and not defined by an area . 
  this map is made during the xx century by the way it looks and not a middle age map . 
  well it 's called that way because xviii century enlighteners believed it to be a period of darkness compared to what they are doing and compared to the `` golden age of antiquity '' . 
  we of course know more than that and either do n't use that term or change it 's definition to what you are saying . 
  this period in history is the worst to study , there are few written documents and not very useful . 
  think that it 's the period when a lot of prehistoric civilizations entered europe and with that discovered writing and entered history . 
  a rule of prehistoric research is that you have prehistoric cultures and not ethic groups because you ca n't get any idea what they spoke and stuff like that . 
  now these are prehistoric cultures that had a huge impact on our ethnic structure in europe so we kind of care which is what but ca n't really put our finger on it . 
  then the guys who did write became christian and stop writing like they did in antiquity and started writing only about god and the apocalypse . 
  so no , you ca n't have a map ... maybe a map of an opinion but not a universally agreed on map . 
  it really matters who drew the map and when , there are theories here that are contradicted by today 's historians . 
  and bnr chose to tie it to the eur while preserving the option to mainupulate it if it 's necessary . 
  i think this is the best way to go , keep it at the same level to get the economy used to the same rate and look like it 's in the eurozone while keeping the emergency escape open . 
  i think we are ready to join the eurozone tomorrow , the ron has been tight to the euro for a very long time now at 4.40 and it worked , but after what happened in 2009 and the way the economic growth restarted ( the same stupid way it did in 2005-2006 ) we expect to go to shit again , maybe not as bad if the world economy does well . 
  that 's why , until we get a healthy economic growth by producing goods and getting jobs and not only on bigger consumption of basically imported goods , we should not get into the eurozone . 
  moldova is not the region of romania known for richness , high level of education and stuff like that and many romanians do n't really want the other side of moldova which is worse than ours anschlussed . 
  we would like a calm and prosperous union but then again , for a guy from transylvania the hungarian minority is already not really well dealt with i do n't want a minority which is controlled by russia anschlussed in my country . 
  if moldova sorts it 's shit out and wants a union i will welcome them with open hands . 
  i 'm still in 2016 , who wins the us presidential election ? 
  i spent 3 months in maribor when i was a teenager , i miss that city . 
  we are pretty stable and united in our pro-western views but with enough propaganda work , some help from economic and social problems , and some money to the right guys with a vlad tepes patrol they can pretty easily destabilize the country , control the government and destroy our independence for their interests . 
  corruption is the first step in controlling a country like romania and the guys in our main political parties would really like to end the dna fight against corruption ... and the public does n't . 
  maybe if you 're putin you can tap on that like sending money to ultra-nationalists speaking about public executions for corruption in stadiums while being corrupt up to their ears in russian money and getting this way the support of corrupt politicians of the center parties ( if you do n't want to go to prison for corruption come with us ) type of thing . 
   we do n't even have any nationalist movements that wan na reclaim lost romanian territories we do , but we want the republic of moldova , not anything from ukraine ... 
  i like cernauti , lovely city , i do n't see it romanian though . 
  it 's crazy that ukraine has more than 2x the population of romania and we have a higher nominal gdp ppp when they had almost 4x our gdp in 1990 ... 
  i ca n't find our nominal gdp in the 1990 but i remember to be somwhere around 100bn dollars . 
  but i found the gdp unadjusted to ppp and it 's still [ visible ] ( https://www.google.ro/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;met_y=ny_gdp_mktp_cd&amp;idim=country:ukr:syr:blr&amp;hl=en&amp;dl=en#!ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=ny_gdp_mktp_cd&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=region&amp;idim=country:ukr:rom&amp;ifdim=region&amp;hl=en_us&amp;dl=en&amp;ind=false ) even if it was only 2x in the 1990 . 
  and you invaded romania together with the stalin . 
  i do n't think bringing up the past like that should be a reason for modern disputes . 
  i think romanians do n't like you because of the bystroye canal scandal and snake island dispute also because some may think northern bukovina should be our or some shit . 
  i personally like the ukrainians , i feel more at home in western ukraine than in rep of moldova for example because i feel i 'm in a poorer version of transylvania where i 'm from . 
  maybe , i do n't trust moldovan institutions just like you but there are some areas where it would be very hard to replace moldovan institutions with ours . 
  for example they have a different track gauge and i do n't see our bankrupt cfr being able to repurpose that . 
  the education system , although similar would suck if it was replaced just like that . 
  the tax system is different , the commerce is different , a sudden change would n't be beneficial for moldova and that would cost romania . 
  i do n't think that safeguarding the entire institutional framework of the rep. would help but total dissolution would n't help as i do n't think romania is capable of replacing them with anything workable . 
  maybe a middle ground , a new regime in moldova where it would keep some institutions with the intent of integrating them into romania and building up new institutions as we go .
