  it\u00f9s reqlly diffictult if you\u00f9re used to q azerty keyboqrd :, 
  you 're a lucky man then . 
  i was a real pain in the ass to find out what every key did because most keyboards had an english layout drawn on them . 
  it did if you had a computer in the 90 's / early 2000 's or a typewriter . 
  romanian here . 
  the romanian keyboard i use has a qwerty layout . 
  the qwertz layout is considered outdated here or i least that 's what i think of it . 
  most people here tend to use a full english qwerty keyboard though . 
  edit . 
  i need to say this : i hate the french azerty with everything i have !, 
  i romania it 's a sign of `` douchebaggery '' . 
  it 's kind of ridiculous and funny to see a dacia 1310 with lighting underneath . 
  but then you have to define a roma witch is made difficult by the fact that many roma say they are romanians even though they act look and speak more or less like a roma . 
  expatriate every german that abuses our welfare system . 
  the problem is not with the idea of punishment but the form it takes . 
  i agree a romanian goes to jail in germany for abusing the welfare system and has the same punishment as a german who did the same . 
  that 's a case the constitutional court should discuss 2 . 
  i do n't think the un convention talks about receiving quotas of refugees from an international organization ... and the refugees that entered romania are receiving a treatment according to the un convention . 
  but this is the eu !, 
  nowhere in the constitution says that eu law is above the constitution . 
  it only says eu law is above national law . 
  are you talking about article 3 ( 4 ) no foreign populations may be displaced or colonized on the territory of the romanian state . 
  because you know the romanian constitution so well . 
  ( 4 ) no foreign populations may be displaced or colonized on the territory of the romanian state . 
  i know to differentiate truth from propaganda even when i agree with the supposed propaganda . 
  i know that there is a lot of pro-immigration propaganda out there but there also is a lot of anti-immigration propaganda and both suck balls . 
  it 's not truth , it 's propaganda and sometimes retarded propaganda with things like `` jdihaidists have weapons buried all over germany '' and `` u cluj fans attack/attacked by a group of syrian refugees '' . 
  which are fake and propagated by dubious sites . 
  there is a huge influx of anti-immigrant propaganda on facebook . 
  no one knows who pays for it ( a bunch of new websites sprung up and stuff ) . 
  i feel safer in any shithole of romania than in a french banlieue . 
  yeah lets see . 
  the first algerians came to france in the 1960s . 
  the last 50 years in this country were really , really bad i give you that . 
  not only were they placed in banlieues where they live a shit life and are prone to isis extremization but have also invented the national pastime of burning cars on new year 's eve . 
  burned cars on new year 's eve in france ... 
  that is ridiculous , we all know jesus was dacian ( romanian today ) and was born under the name zamolxes-jesus in dacia and travelled to palestine using the teleporter at the sphinx in bucegi mountains which links bucegi mountains with egypt . 
  as a long haired guy with experience with long haired guys i thing that 's a long haired guy . 
  they did n't started crying because romania is a shitty country but because they were afraid . 
  the border police retained them and brought them to questioning which probably scared them as they thought they were going to get arrested . 
  so as much as it sounds funny that you 'd start crying if you found out you were in romania it is n't really what happened . 
  mav runs the line and it 's owned by the government . 
  so they are n't pissed . 
  romania 's relationship is not that great , most people do n't watch rugby but i feel the sport is growing here . 
  also it 's one sport we do n't suck at , we are not one of the best but we are pretty good . 
  i ca n't wait to see our ass handed to us by france , ireland and italy . 
  i do n't care if we lose , it 's a beautiful game . 
  and the world cup it 's one of the few chances we get to play against so awesome teams . 
  and maybe he 's underage and his grand grand was like 40 during ww2, 
  how old are you and how old was your grandfather because i do n't think this happened during ww1 , it may have happened under ww2 in north-western transylvania . 
  a lot of ugly shit happened then in transylvania . 
  y' all motherfuckers need sources, 
  let 's go further : nazism and fucking-liberals . 
  holy shit , you can do that with eu money ? 
  here eu money is very tightly controlled . 
  and then remember that we do n't have any important economic relation with them . 
  in 2009 a guy lost the presidential election in front of the guy who broke records of low approval ratings , traian basescu , and one of the reasons was that he proposed a little bit of more economic relations with russia . 
  some oil industry bought by lukoil and some shitty communist steel works factories with a significant but not really that big number of workers are owned by russians but they are on their way out of the country if they have n't left already . 
  lukoil is implicated in a corruption scandal and they threatened that if we do n't stop investigating they 'll go ... and everybody said : fuck off then , we do n't care . 
  i 'm in cluj ( transylvania ) and there 's a highway being built between turda and sebes , my city grows and wages are a bit better than 2-3 years ago but i think that people from vaslui county or teleorman do n't see shit out of this economic growth . 
  the development is pretty chaotic and it 's increasing regional disparities . 
  rats and occasionally mice , but not many rodents since there are a lot of stray cats here . 
  okey , than get yourself one unique language for slavs , make the bulgarians speak serbian , and let 's make a trilingual union , greek , slavic and latin . 
  why not latin ? 
  and here we start again , 1300 years later . 
  this is made by a slav invader . 
  because he chose english as he knows a byzantine empire , known as * romania * should speak only latin ( romanian ) and greek . 
  i 've also heard verhofstadt 's speech in the parliament in front of tsipras but can you source that ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  transylvania is a really interesting space for christianity . 
  we have almost anything europe has to offer in terms of christianity - orthodox , greek-catholic , catholic , lutheranism , calvinism and more recently american neo-protestantism . 
  so you could zoom on the transylvania map and make another map like this with romance catholicism , romance orthodoxy , uralic catholicism , uralic protestantism , romance protestantism , germanic protestantism etc. 
  and if you go really deep into detail you could find even slavic catholicism and slavic ortodoxy . 
  transylvania , where all the cultures of europe met , shook hands and drank palinka . 
  yeah , in november 2014 exit polls in romania called a too close to tell while in reality it was a clear 55 % to 45 % win for iohannis . 
  i think oxi won ... 
  but i fucking hate polls after what happened in the romanian election in 2014 where nobody saw 1 milion fucking votes and in the british election this year . 
  and we know these years as the golden years at the end of which no one died shot and people just enjoyed eating just prunes and canned fish . 
  i 've heard greek olive oil is the best ... but i 'm no expert in olive oil . 
  yes we are . 
  we are the allies of the countries that can maybe be called responsible and that makes us at least in part responsible . 
  yeah do n't come near us russia , we are america 's allies ... unless the americans did some shit in the middle east in which case we do n't know these guys , we are just a poor little eastern european country . 
  i do n't think a lot of illegal immigrants are going to stay in hungary or eastern europe , they wish to go western europe . 
   so a lot of europeans see them as `` their '' agents in this negotiation . 
  do you have some data on that ? 
  i 've seen a lot of people here in the `` respect the west '' romania saying that what the troika did is bad and the greeks have suffered enough . 
  because every company in this world can opt-out of a currency and start printing their own ... 
  it 's the same here in romania and we consider the weather is shit right now ... 
  i do n't think a lot of immigrants pass through serbia but orban needs to show how anti-immigrant he is and has no other non-eu border ... so retarded . 
  in greece means reducing public sector workers salaries which means less money for consumption , reducing state investment which means less jobs , increasing taxes ... none of which produce growth . 
  without growth the public revenue collapses together with the economy . 
  care to explain how does austerity solve anything ? 
  if austerity was something like anti-tax evasion reforms , anti-corruption reforms and maybe i would see a way out with `` austerity '', 
  yes if the republican regime had an other constitution and ideals and even symbols . 
  do you even regime change ? 
  black - red - gold are the colors of german republicanism not necessarily of german ethnics . 
  would you portray isis killings with the syrian flag ? 
  thank you tesla for making us the only patch of land in the eu not covered ... 
  i think i 'm gon na miss our washable plastic money once we get the weak euro paper in romania . 
  but other than that i do n't think i 'll miss anything .
