  it 's an education problem . 
  all throughout the eu if you 're young and did n't manage to get into university you 're fucked . 
  also , i understand how diverse parts of the uk are , i have n't been locked in a village in apuseni all my life . 
   there are quite a few jobs that do n't require university level education or even high school level education over the 8th grade . 
  that 's the education system i 'm talking about . 
  i do n't think your universities have problems as they are the best in the world but your schooling for lowered qualified jobs has some problems . 
  this is the very basis of the european union : exchange . 
  exchange of products and services in a free market , yes , but also an exchange of workforce in a free market . 
  i dislike this policy of let 's try to `` ride the eu train for free '' and not allow free movement while still profiting from other eu freedoms . 
  if the uk does n't want something that comes with the eu it should make a referendum about staying or not in the eu now not start blackmailing the eu with some future referendum that will happen but until then let 's not respect some eu principles . 
  what if i told you that what you are saying in the first paragraph is exactly `` they took our jobs '' . 
  if an englishman ca n't keep up in experience this is the fault of your education system . 
  if the uk closes its borders for all emigrants it wo n't make anything else that make the guys who can afford relocation relocate to a more profitable place and the guys who ca n't stay in britain where they will struggle to survive the influx of imports from more competitive economies . 
  even if you let emigrants enter britain one by one they will still form communities . 
  the problem ( and here i 'm talking about immigration in general not only in britain ) in is n't that they form communities , the problem is that in relation the the individual the government and the locals are friendly guys but in relation to their communities they act like they are some sort of mafias that should be destroyed or otherwise the individuals will not transform into proper locals . 
  i want to see a good statistic that explains how many eastern eurpeans went to the uk for work , work now , and pay taxes and how many abuse their generosity ( in number of people and in number of euros ) . 
  if something like that does n't exist i 'm sorry if i do not believe that the uk gives more to emigrants than collects in taxes from them . 
  it 's old and has been around since the `` you wo n't like it here '' idea . 
  why ca n't we have politicians like this ? 
  our prime ministers glue themselves to the chairs no matter how many people took to the streets or people die in accidents . 
  if an earthquake comes and bucharest is flattened with a lot of human loses ( which is very likely to happen in the next years according to geologists ) they will still be there blaming the guy who came before for not repairing the buildings : `` yes , i 've been prime minister for 5 years now , but what did the guy before me did ? 
  nothing '', 
  how many of you guys can place wyoming on a map ? 
  how many of you guys know the capital of new york ? 
  i 'm not trying to defend us ignorance but a lot of you are just as ignorant about places that are far away from you . 
  if people ca n't hear white supremacists and extreme islamists debating their stupid ideas with normal people because their speech is censored then more people will join their side as the only source of info in them is from themselves . 
  sort the comments by controversial . 
  problem solved . 
  are there any studies that show that air travel for a certain distance is more polluting than car or train ? 
  and what is that distance . 
  i do n't believe that an aircraft flying 100 pasangers for 1000 km pollutes more than let say 70-80 cars that would be required to drive this amount of pasangers for 1000 km . 
  this is a bit useless . 
  i want to see the same thing with hdi or gdp per capita ppp and with gini . 
  gdp per capita of russia is big because of a handful of moscow billionares . 
  but here we talked about europe as a whole not only the eu or the eurozone . 
  france is slightly richer now but the difference is something that could change in a trimester because of a natural disaster so it 's not so evident to put it over the uk . 
  decades !, 
  you guys are anything but optimistic . 
  in romania we either got them from the state for almost free because of the inflation during the 90 's or built them ourselves ( literally , there are a lot of old people in mostly rural areas that live in houses they built when they were younger by themselves ) . 
  also rent is incredibly high for our revenue in major cities . 
  flags are too simple ( especially european ones ) . 
  i ca n't give you an opinion about 3 colors stuck together . 
  i dislike uzbekistan and kazakhstan because the colors are too light and lichtenstein because its too dark without any bright color ( white , yellow or something ) . but otherwise i think all of them are brilliant . 
  i do n't like some african flags because they have too much color and too much detail . 
  dammit , i was n't paying attention . 
  where do you think the guy is from ? 
  i 'd say italy because he does n't do italian and from my experience you own language is the hardest to fake because you have no idea what it sounds like to other people . 
  i wanted to refrain from saying the least serbian ex-yugoslavian language because macedonian ... 
  when i was in slovenia the guys told me they understand serbian and croatian but it 's a completely different language because they have a different word for `` horse '' . 
  and slovenian is the most non-serbian , serbo-croatian language . 
  is the iwf the imf in german ? 
  but they 've got more support than nd has in romania . 
  it would n't but do you think they know that ? 
  it 's not hard to make a bomb nowadays . 
  and it 's certainly not hard to put in a square in romania that 's for sure . 
  i hope they stay at `` want '' . 
  i just want to see their swastika inspired logo that they will claim it 's not swastika inspired . 
  and i hope they do n't start pulling stupid crap in transylvania and slovakia because it will just wake up a anti-hungarian sentiment in both regions . 
  i speak about romanian . 
  romania is a bit late on things . 
  my the father of my grandmother lived a lot like a renaissance guy but he used `` orange '' but it must be some sort of strange tradition to still call orange animals red . 
  oh yeah , i think i remember reading somewhere that the color orange is quite a new thing . 
  people used to call everything we call orange today red . 
  that 's why sometimes my grandmother calls orange cats red sometimes . 
  portocal\u0103 comes from portugalia ( portugal ) . 
  i thought my entire life that it comes from portocaliu ( orange ) because it 's orange . 
  it 's like we call tomatoes `` ro\u0219ii '' ( reds ) because they are red . 
  i read somewhere that consumption is legal , possession and commercialization are the problem . 
  it 's pretty dumb to use ppp . 
  [ pegas bike . 
  the romanian press does n't give a fuck about this . 
  mainly because it 's udmr and they 've been * autonomizing * since the 90 's during elections but did n't do shit when they 've got the parliament seats . 
  i personally think this is a desperate way the udmr is trying not to lose votes against the newly created hungarian parties ( ppmt ) by trying to take the same stance on autonomy that they have ( autonomy not against the romanians but with their help ) after years of stupid anti-romanian actions during the elections followed by a coalition ( most of the time ) with the winning romanian party that will govern the country in a brotherhood of romanian and hungarian corrupt politicians . 
  they barely made it in the parliament this time and usl did n't accept them in the government . 
  i think they are scared that they will have no seats in the european parliament next year . 
  also , they feel the tension that appeared in usl recently and want show them that they are strong too so the party that will remain in the government in the case usl breaks up takes them in victoria palace again . 
  they are very close , i would n't put one over the other . 
  imo 2nd place is france and uk together . 
  they are as romanians as the guys from the other [ half of moldova . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:moldovatoday.png ) there are some differences though because of the recent past . 
  the guys from the rep of moldova speak almost all of them russian as their second language because they were a part of the soviet union and they have a more pronounced moldovan accent when they speak romanian because they did n't come in contact with romanians from romania as much . 
  he won by going against the right and now he tries to make everyone happy with some contradicting policies . 
  why 3rd ? 
  who 's 2nd ? 
  it 's not like shale gas would change anything for them . 
  these guys would n't be employed by chevron anyway . 
  you are in the subject i want to talk about . 
  get outside and take a look at it . 
  i 'm referring to the memory of avram iancu and how he is seen today . 
  and by memory i do not speak about a historically accurate image but about the way people today , with their value systems imagine him . 
  to talk about a guy who lived 160 years ago in the terms : good or bad . 
  has nothing to do with history . 
  i 'm just looking at how the hungarian nationalists see him : as a murderer because he fought against the revolution . 
  if the szekelys here do n't see that he fought against the hungarian revolution , for an autonomous transylvania , for the emancipation of romanians , and for a transylvania in which every one has equal right and choose only to see that he killed hungarians they refuse to accept this emancipation movement as iancu is its image and say it was just a criminal killing hungarians for no reason . 
  the guys at this manifestation tried to be pro-romania with messages like `` we are another face of romania '' `` we are romania too '' `` autonomy not independence '' but if they keep this memory of avram iancu being bad because he fought the revolution that did n't want to acknowledge the romanian people existence in transylvania they are just keeping the same anti-romanian sentiment down there . 
  there 's never going to be friendship between these two people ( in transylvania because i think it 's almost imposible to change the mind of the romanians outside transylvania and even * more * impossible to change the mind of the hungarians outside transylvania ) if the hungarians keep saying the romanians are the evil because they fought against the revolution or the romanians keep saying the hungarians are the evil because they `` killed '' mihai viteazul . 
  and without the support of the romanians from transylvania there will never be an autonomous szekely region . 
  i 'm by no means defending the romanian nationalists image on iancu . 
  some romanians consider him a national hero because he killed hungarians which just as bad as the hungarian image on him . 
  that 's a really bad comparison .
