  a moldovan dna , an integrated justice system and a law system that makes every new law/institution apply there too like we did the first time while keeping the moldovan law until that new laws are written . 
  i think it would be an opportunity to reform romania too , from a better constitution with a working descentralized administration and a brand new , predictable tax system to things like the lenght of high-school and the way the medical system is coordinated . 
  if the unification would be like the one 98 years ago it would suck so much . 
  we are incapable to manage our own institutions , a sudden unification encouraged by a geopolitical crisis would really shit on romania 's prosperity and i do n't see any way rep of moldova would be anything but a way to punish government workers by sending them to work there like during the innerwar period . 
  if we develop a plan , and stick to it in which rep of moldova concedes its sovereignty to romania but remains autonomous and we pump founds for the next 25 years to do a gradual but strong unification after which we make a new constitution and call it a country maybe it would work . 
  i do n't think trianon is compared to the first partition of poland from 1772 ... maybe you could have put the conquest of hungary by the ottomans in 1525 , that 's a comparable event . 
  i wish we had such good bro 's but yugoslavia imploded , the western part of is thinks it 's austrian and the serbs play i love russia/i love america . 
  after the entire shit with refugees and the paris attacks i started paying attention to how many muslims are here , in romania ... and the thing is we have a lot of muslims , nowhere near the number in western countries but in cities they are a notable minority yet nobody cares or notices because there is no gettoization . 
  i am pretty sure it is ukraine that is hitting these areas with artillery , and not russia . 
  wars a known for being only one side destroying shit ... 
  i 've played 3 competitive matches in cs : go and already met an annoying russian . 
  i do n't care about the kids , they are annoying but it 's something else when a kid fucks your mother and when a grown ass dude shouts at you for 40 minutes . 
  truth be told i 've met game-breaking any-nation in cs : go in other game modes that would be very annoying if i had met them in competitive . 
  it sucks that bad in hungary now that you have to say you 're catholic because you 're suspected of being a shill . 
  man , fuck jobbik , noua dreapta and other shit we eject out of the anus of our societies brother hungarian . 
  that is counterfactual history . 
  the fact is that this happened and people need to be responsible for their actions and not say `` hey , you would have done the same '' . 
  brexit does sound like constipation medicine for dogs ... 
  it 's not shown on this graph . 
  romanian is pretty much that the problem is that there 's also an impotrant slavic connection . 
  probably of the countries that recognize them . 
  we have the archaic `` crai '' which i think it has the same origin as the slavic ones . 
  we 've had an ugly one in 2005 . 
  not as bad at this one but we lost 31 people https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2005_european_floods, 
  man , that would be so cool . 
  hungarian flair , knows romanian . 
  i knew it , you upper danube romanians just want to pull a very elaborate prank on us , the lower danube romanians ... 
  i knew it all along that hungarian was n't a real language . 
  well played . 
  the government did n't want to turn down such `` income '' but it was a strong sentiment in the society against the project followed by large protests in the biggest cities by the end of 2013 when the project was about to start . 
  it 's true but according to the project the cyanide lake would have been on corna valley not rosia . 
  so it 's corna -  abrud ... 
  why , without ppp it 's as interesting . 
  it does n't show quality of life but i think it better indicator of developpment . 
  nope , that 's fucking awesome 50 's / 60 's architecture . 
  [ i know my region better than the rest ] ( http://imgur.com/kzejyhv ), 
  as funny as it looks this is a coup attempt . 
  the guy tried to recreate the georgian rose revolution that 's why he gave yatsenyuk red roses . 
  yep , that happened in georgia , saakashvilli entered the parliament with roses and removed the president from the podium on his inagural speech . 
  it depends . 
  nato can desintegrate ( and putin really wants that ) if it shows weakness . 
  and nato is the first line in us international policy , if it goes like this the us will have severe drawbacks in their projects in international affairs . 
  they could just call turkey the agressor and not help it ... which i do n't think would mean turkey would be a part of nato after that but the rest of the alliance is safe , no ? 
  well no , because a lot of the eastern european nato countries are really russophobic and need to know that nato is there for them in the case of russian agression . 
  i do n't think estonia , which already had its airspace violated by the russians , for example would be very happy to know that if it shoots down a russian plane and starts a war with russia nato will not help . 
  and also i do n't think that if putin sees a crack in nato he will not use it further to get other countries out of nato that way . 
  hopefully not , it happend before during the cuba missle crisis ... 
  i think the stakes a way too low for a nuclear war . 
  i mean syria is important and all but it 's not like it 's the best country in the world or in a strategic place for the usa or russia . 
  and there 's nothing stopping the us from pointing a shitton of nuclear rockets towards russia and say `` article 5 motherfucker , i dare you '' also litteraly nothing stoping shit from staining my pants if that ever happens . 
  no , you just said something retarded . 
  it 's my problem that your laws ca n't punish them ? 
  i heard a gypsy say that '' for what we do here ( sweden ) we would have been in jail in romania for a long time '' ... if the swedes do n't punish them it 's my fault ? 
  yeah , maybe i did n't phrase that correctly . 
  i think getting an education and being able do interact with the authorities in your own language is kind of important , there has been progress in this direction in the past 20 years but more is to be done . 
  i do n't want them to have an independent country in the detriment of turkey , hell i do n't really agree they should get any kind of autonomy based only on ethnic differences . 
  stop occupying cyprus stop electing islamists and having coups d'etat and take that god damn secularism you are all so proud of seriously . 
  start the long process of adapting the economy to eu standards give more rights to the kurds, 
  i think different cultures exist and ignoring them does n't make algerians automatically french or turks automatically german . 
  your identity is n't dictated by the country that issues your passport . 
  they are [ talking ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/miori%c8%9ba ), 
  it 's a germanic term which means foreigner , stranger and it 's used to describe romance speaking people . 
  you used to call us , romanians , wo\u0142och . 
  every period in the history of bucharest ( maybe except the prewar period ) shat on the city landscape but all of these periods made some impresive landmarks too . 
  the innerwar period built the telephone palace but also built a lot of ugly , crammed 5 story houses with small stairways and ready to fall at the next earthquake , the communist period built ugly bedroom neighborhoods but also built the national theater . 
  the only period that made ugly structures was the ceausescu period with its neo-classic kitsch . 
  the post-communist period made a nice bridge that can be considered a landmark and it 's too early to tell how will some buildings age and if they are nice but also the shit we all know with blocks of flats in the green space between communist blocks . 
  the habsburgs - last half of the 19th century ... 
  it was n't really a habsburg policy , if it were it would have started a century before the last half of the 19th century , magyarization was a policy of dualist hungary . 
  if we include partium , banat and maramures in transylvania at the turn of the xxth century here lived - romanians , hungarians , two kinds of germans ( schwaben and saxons ) armenians , slovaks , ukrainians , italians , jews and i 'm sure i forgot some . 
  and if they did n't have children they are distantant uncles or cousins, 
  all the latin countries say a variation of dominicus which is short for dies dominicus - the day of the lord . 
  isarescu is hungarian ? 
  he says the same thing as do a lot of people in bucharest . 
  it depends , i think the city of sofia has a gdp per capita comparable to that of bucharest but in statistics it also shows the county around sofia . 
  secretary of the state would be a more correct translation in my opinion . 
  because sad finns kill themselves . 
  the amphitheater ok , rebuid that i do n't thing a lot can go wrong but the city around the forum is not entirely dug out and i 'm scared to see bulldozers there . 
  boom said the venetians when they blew up the parhenon, 
  do they not learn this shit in school , i ca n't believe that the romanian educational system is more efficient than the polish , the french of the latvian one for example . 
  we learn about this in schools since the 90 's ... 
  a significant portion of british people voted to remain , what 's you argument ? 
  but it 's visible on a map , the divide is visible . 
  i do n't know either , i went to bed with a confident remain campaign calling a 90 % chance of win and woke up in another world . 
  yes but i fear it was a very ethnically divided vote ( the protestants voted leave the catholics remain ) . 
  i hope i am wrong . 
  judging by how big the debate has got and how the last time a referendum of this historical magnitude happened on british soil ( scotland ) i am willing to bet that the turnout will be impressively high . 
  i do n't agree with you though . 
  i think it will be close as i think people who did n't usually vote are not only remain , status quo voters . 
  slanina , we eat a lot of it in transylvania . 
  it 's good with some bread , tomatoes , onion and cheese . 
  i wanted to excuse the hungarians by saying that maybe they took into account the refugees staying in railway station by the time the poll was done but the poll is from 2010 ... wtf hungary . 
  romania had no big `` romanian cities '' until the the innerwar . 
  that is cities with a clear romanian majority . 
  all our big cities in all historical regions were multicultural ( jews had the biggest population in iasi for a long time ) , bucharest was highly multicultural and about transylvania i do n't need to say more . 
  it was these multicultural cities that created modern romania no matter how much our nationalists tried to invent the `` romanian peasant '' during the romantic period . 
  we should pay respect to this multiculturalism that is almost gone or mostly gone in most of our cities after communism . 
  it shows the 1956 and 1968 invasions by coloring the country like the soviet union without erasing the border line . 
  because they are our `` social democrats '' , i do n't understand why the foreign press acts like it 's something shocking . 
  they governed the country a lot in the last 25 years .
