in romania we have that too , the regions that were part of austria-hungary tend to vote differently than the rest of the country . 
  the exceptions being usually the more developed regions of the [ kingdom ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1b/kingdom_of_romania_%281890%29.svg ) prahova county and bucharest ( and sometimes constanta county ) which vote usually more like transylvania and bukovina than the rest of the kingdom . 
  because fascism is intrinsically violent and the best way for them to express that violence today is trough football hooliganism . 
  bosnians , albanians and some turks would like to dissagree with your christian stance . 
  and the guys up north do n't really relate to orthodoxy or catholicism . 
  orthodox bible belt is moldova , but the protestant bible belt is bukovina and the northwest region . 
  the kurds are also muslims . 
  i get a lot of hungarian language channels , i hate your dubs because every time i switched to a channel and it was a great movie it was in hungarian . 
  they literally do n't speak english in budapest . 
  yet most of them ( hungarians ) living here in transylvania speak english and a bit of german . 
  i think it has to do with the fact that we are open to english speaking stuff in romania ( we sub our movies for example ) and that they are more closed ( they dub their movies ) . 
  explore the carpathian garden before it gets illegally cut down . 
  where the fuck do you get blood transfusions ? 
  france and uk and ireland . 
  i speak the language . 
  also hungary , i do n't speak the language but i 'm very familiar with it and hungary is hungary . 
  slovenia as i stayed several months there some time ago . 
  serbia also felt a little bit like home . 
  * we all have english keyboards in romania but we 've taught ourselves to find diacritics between brackets , points and commas . 
  or even better , we do n't use them at all and then blankets means beds . 
  in transylvania we like to make fun of caracal but from what i know the guys from southern romania are more inclined to make fun of vaslui . 
  did you know that the actual name is riz lacroix but has written croix which means cross as an actual cross . 
  riz means rice . 
  did you know that the actual name is riz lacroix but has written croix which means cross as an actual cross . 
  riz means rice . 
  i think the past 100 years has something to do with it . 
  but still , condemning imperialism when it 's fucking you up and supporting it if it 's on the other side of the world it 's not something i appreciate . 
  i had a better opinion of evo morales but apparently he 's just one of the many south american leftists - whatever is against the usa is our friend , it does n't matter that it practices the same imperialism we condemn the usa for . 
  i 've been to rotterdam without knowing what to expect and all i can say it 's that it 's indeed a multicultural skyscraperfest, 
  it 's been like a month of events that , if were to happen 100 years ago , would be the pretext for a world war . 
  before i die i must live . 
  i do n't think there is any continuity from the roman empire to the middle ages to say that . 
  i think the t-rex works better , the big scary thing that used to roam around and its image is still used today to scare people around ... when in reality all that 's left of it it 's a common chicken . 
  your symbol , the moldovan [ aurochs ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aurochs ) beggs to differ for the moldovans . 
  the glory days of ceausescu , that was after in 12-18 may 68 he received de gaulle in bucharest which was seen by the bucharest youth of the 60 's as an opening towards the west . 
  ( while in france the events of mai68 were unfolding . ), 
  we also have a [ senat ] ( http://qmagazine.ro/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/senat8735_79948000.jpghttp://qmagazine.ro/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/senat8735_79948000.jpg ), 
  fun fact 1.5 : most romanians have never been into szekelyland yet they know that the szekelys wont give you bread if you ask in romanian . 
  are n't you really like muslim serbs . 
  i always think of the ex-yugoslavia as the same people with different religions like croatians are catholic serbs , serbs are orthodox serbs , bosnians are muslim serbs , slovenes are mountain serbs . 
  well we kinda helped a very little bit nato bomb you in the 90 's ... 
  that 's because they do not have 1 little fucking neighbour from which they do not have a territorial claim . 
  otherwise said , they do not want these neighbours , they want the neighbours after them like poland , the czech republic , bosnia , the adriatic sea . 
  yes , but they did n't get the part they were fighting for , the one with resources . 
  define boring , because germany or the uk do n't have a fence . 
  yeah but if you 're not flying over it the pentagon does n't look that big from ground level . 
  it 's just a normal building that 's several stories highs , it 's only when you see that it has 5 huge sides that you realize how big it is . 
  but it 's also well known that we fucking love myths in romania ( that 's how the world got dracula ) and during the time of ceausescu he and his lifestyle were the number one subject for myths . 
  we believed stuff like that he had an underground airport from which he would escape and shit . 
  my grandmother did n't have running water and i stayed there for months at the time when i was a kid and was n't such a big deal that i had to shit in a hole in the backyard and drink water from the drinkable source of the village but it 's still a sign of the lack of development . 
  i still have a uncle that lives in that village and now they have gas , electricity , asphalt , internet etc. 
  but still no running water . 
  dear bucharest , it 's only a matter of time . 
  kindly , cluj, 
  it 's faster to download and 3d print a car than to drive one here . 
  i recent statistic showed that there are less than 100 villages left without internet coverage ... almost half the country does n't have running water . 
  internet coverage means they * can * get internet in most villages not that they have it . 
  as it is the statistic about half of romania has internet access ( meaning pays for internet and uses it ) . 
  when i 'm saying poor europe and rich europe i 'm not talking about social classes but about poor and rich countries as this article is n't about how we collectively taxed the rich and gave to the poor but about how rich countries sent money to romania through eu mechanisms . 
  and when we 're talking about countries an unbalanced eu market screws everybody up no matter how rich he is . 
  just look at how the greek crisis screwed up the entire euro area . 
  or how romania 's poorest are wanted for criminal offences all over europe . 
  i 'm not happy about this because `` i expect it from rich europe '' but because now we 're in it together . 
  we live in the same market and strong regional inequalities can screw up this market for everybody . 
  i know hungarian like romanian from cluj all i know is nem tudom , udvozojuk ( welcome i 've written it incorrectly ) , swearing and szep varos koloszvar, 
  some more with hungarians . 
  janos , a hungarian from transylvania wakes up : - ildico , i had the best of my life !, 
  - what was it , husband , why are you so happy ? 
  - i dreamt that i went to bucharest . 
  - and why is that good ? 
  - they did n't let me in without a visa . 
  a romanian passes near what he knows it 's a poisoned lake and sees a guy drinking water from there . 
  - stranger , says the romanian , stop drinking water , it 's poisoned !, 
  ( `` i do n't understand '' in hungarian ) - then drink slowly ` couse it 's cold . 
  did you know that funar ( the ultra-nationalistic ex-mayor of cluj ) has hungarian blood ? 
  yeah , on the hood of his car . 
  a romanian on the dead bed is asked ; - what is your last wish , ion ? 
  - i want to change my name to janos . 
  - how come , you 've been a very patriotic fellow and did n't like the hungarians all of your life and now you turn to them ? 
  - i want it because if i die , one of them dies . 
  ion goes to janos with an axe - you , motherfucker , i will kill you - calm down , ion , what did i do . 
  - you filthy hungarians killed [ michael the brave ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/michael_the_brave ) - but that was 500 years ago - i only found out today . 
  he said it 's a special `` sanctification rod '' but what does it look like to you ? 
  the russians do n't have our toohappy with [ his newly acquired paint-roller ] ( http://www.emaramures.ro/userfiles/image/foto%20maramures/armata/sfintire-biserica-militara.jpg ) that gives 50 % buff to everything . 
  da , mi\u0219to !, 
  german politicians, 
  it 's actually 18 . 
  i was as surprised as you when i heard that and went for a seach on google , the world factbook says it 's 18 but fuck ... can you imagine that half of the people on who these bombs are falling are under 18 . 
  his russian is fluent though . 
  you made one bigger than the one in brasov you crazy bastards . 
  it 's that the big ass chimney in brasov that i can see from the train window 30 minutes before arriving in the city ? 
  what year is it ? 
  we have n't voted for prm in romania since the 2000 , they did n't even make it in the romanian parliament in the last 10 years . 
  they are nowhere near the european parliament . 
  i think the autor skewed the results in order to prove a point and romania was n't working with his paradigm . 
  the racist kind of russian . 
  carol did n't live to see the inner war period , ferdinand did , and after him . 
  and just look at how the 1923 constitution was pushed and think if bratianu is so much greater than today 's politicians . 
  you forgot : we were one of the most powerful countries during the innerwar period and there was no corruption and everyone was happy . 
   this causes problems , not least as ancient woods [ 1 ] are now under threat as conservationists fear that the economic drive to build housing estates , railways and roads will destroy the wooded habitats of rare birds , as well as orchids , bluebells and bats .
