  it is not a sustainable situation . 
  holy shit that 's the worst anti-immigrant argument ever . 
  show me numbers that demonstrate that the majority of immigrants in the uk build themselves big ass houses because last time i checked they were living in rented apartments and the ones building big ass houses were the rich brits who owned that apartments and did n't want to live there any more . 
  and you are basically saying that it would be too crowded to live there . 
  the uk would have according to projections 70 milion people only by 2030 . 
  that 's aprox 300/km ^ 2 which is nowhere near a `` too crowded '' country . 
  so disrespectful and stupid . 
  what is this ? 
  a football match ? 
  are they confusing strasbourg with sao paolo ? 
  it 's either because of too many bloody emigrants that confused the mep so they did n't know where they were or they came home so soon from brazil they have n't yet realized it 's over for them . 
  you forgot `` that is because you crazy '' which is the best part, 
   how do you feel about that ? 
  do you think romania is ready to have a minority president ? 
  will he be able to change the image of romania across europe ? 
  the saxons are bff 's with the romanians and i do n't recall any kind of modern history problem between the two . 
  almost all of them left for germany during the second half of the xxth century and johannis may win only because we kind of miss them . 
  racial purity in transylvania ? 
  good luck about that . 
  i have jewish , german , hungarian and romanian and i 'm not sure about roma as can tell you the majority of transylvanians . 
  i thought the `` united states of europe '' thing ended when the crisis started . 
  i think today the idea is called `` european federalists '' and i assure you a lot of people here feel good about it . 
  go and take some history lessons ... and stop arguing with stupid people because they take you down to their level and beat you with the experience like they 've done here . 
  and this , our / r/europe friends , is our finest exemplar from / r/romania . 
  he 's famous there because of his racist , idiot comments , tag him now while you have the chance . 
  `` take him home and kiss him on the snout '' is the translation of his masterpiece here . 
  rebreanu lived during the worst magyarization attempts and there was a big movement supported more or less by the romanians from the kingdom for the union back then but that was a relatively young movement and there were still a lot pro-democratization people in transylvania who did n't necessarily support the union . 
  i would n't say we lost anything in terms of `` sense of unity '' , we lost the symbols of our unity and rely today on the symbols invented by the communists . 
  well i 'm talking about stuff like writing romanian in latin script . 
  and come on , romania was a good friend of the empire until 1916 . 
  transylvania was a top holiday destination for the romanian elite . 
  the only history he probably learned was back in elementary school where the program was written by ceausescu and the only thing that changed since is the innerwar period which is glorified now . 
  we learn there that the romanian peasant was oppressed by everyone : the evil austrian , the evil hungarian , the evil ottoman and the evil russian . 
  or maybe he just ca n't forgive 1867 or the fact that the emperor did n't give the needed rights to the romanians after they helped him against the hungarians in 1848 . 
  or maybe he does n't like the way the emperor treated the peasant revolt of horea , closca and crisan also with the bread , i 'm really sorry but there 's no place in the world that can produce the bread needed for a transylvanian to survive . 
  i lived all around europe and hated the bread everywhere . 
  and the bread is the most important part of our diet , we eat it with everything . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austro-hungarian_compromise_of_1867 transylvanian principality was dissolved then by the transylvanian diet in which the hungarians were overrepresented and the romanians not represented at all . 
  and although we could argue that we had more political freedom under the budapest parliament we would have opted for a more democratic transylvania then a more democratic hungary in which we were a minority and which went full `` magyarization '' attempts from 1880 to 1918 . 
  in how many countries has your family lived during the 20th century without moving an inch ? 
  yep , we have four villages named slava , parva , nepos ( colocvial vararea ) and romuli in bistrita-nasaud county . 
  i actually have a friend from salva but i did n't know why his village was named that way , it sounded like a normal village name to me and not a latin name . 
  until hungarian became a part of its name in 1867 it was a pretty cool place for the romanians in transylvania . 
  it sucked because we did n't have any political rights but was still and improvement ( we had no rights because of the `` unio trium nationum '' which was already in place when the austrians came ) . 
  it 's under the austrians that we 've got the transylvanian school and managed to enter the enlightement as a people and basically invent modern romanian . 
  after that things got better after the horea , closca and crisan revolt and during 1848 we fought for the emperor whom we kinda ' liked ... until the 1860 's that is . 
  the austrians invented the greek catholic religion which was a huge step in accepting the romanians now that they were also under the pope . 
  and that was important because only that way we were able to put together an intelligentsia and stay a nation with its own culture and values . ', 
  it was also extremely important for other romanian countries as well mostly moldova which , because it had its northern part `` bukovina '' as a part of the austrian empire managed to have pretty good relations with the empire and send some of its young man in the empire to study at cernowitz and wien and that 's how we 've got mihai eminescu and junimea which was also an important part of the romanian national awakening and its culture . 
  ps.kinda funny story , when the peasants from transylvania were sent in k\u00f6niggr\u00e4tz to fight with the prusians they made a poem in which the city is called `` c\u00e2ne-cre\u021b '' ( curly dog ) so they could pronounce it correctly . 
  well i 'm going to shut up then because i also like tennis and the way is keeps you excited 100 times a match . 
  maybe if they threw some commercials every three minutes of action it would be more exciting for you . 
  it 's irrelevant , the only true relevancy it has is that the romanian army entered budapest and sound good for a nd ego but otherwise it 's not that important . 
  just look at how many battles there have been in this war , it took more time to march to budapest than to fight the `` hungarian red army '' . 
  hungary was broke , it did n't have anything else than some egotistic guys from budapest thinking they can do something to stop the union . 
  when you capture 41000 soldiers it shows something about the army 's will to fight . 
  the hungarian romanian war was more like the russian civil war than a war between the romanians and the hungarians . 
  it was a war against communism . 
  and it 's not mentioned because is slightly irrelevant to a history book . 
  and getting our shit kicked exists , in nicer terms but exists , in every history book . 
  history tabu today is the 1907 romanian peasants ' revolt , the anti-semmitic , fascist government of carol the ii in which we find a lot of great figures of like octavian goga and the roma enslavement which only ended in the middle of the 19th century . 
  there 's also the great friendship between the kingdom of romania and austria-hungary which lasted until 1900 's and was officially broken only in 1916 , the fact that avram iancu was the emperor 's man sent to end the liberal revolution of the hungarians and also the crimes of avram iancu against hungarians and of the romanian army during the 2ww against hungarians . 
  and here enters the 2ww in which we have nice skeletons like iasi pogrom , odessa massacre and other festivals attended by our grandparents and the romanian government . 
  if putin came to power before hitler and mussolini the term for fascism would be of russian origin . 
  the trip my parents made back in 1989 and wikipedia / a few ( propaganda or not ) cartoons and movies from my childhood . 
  czech and slovak languages are mutually intelligible . 
  it makes very little effort to speak the other language . 
  english is taught in every czech school yet only fraction of people have enough of courage ( and opportunity ) to use it in practice . 
  made to look like it has eurovision has a western europe bias ( thats why the color for 1 win is almost like the color for no win ) but forgets that eastern europe did n't take part in eurovision until the 90 's, 
  they like communism to some degree but never russia . 
  i think i dislike you and your soviet history because : they killed my uncle , they exterminated the entire intelligentsia of my country that did n't praise the soviet union , destroyed my religion and the culture of my city all in the name of a system that fucked us up economically . 
  i do n't think there 's any political statement found within the votes of different countries as in `` the ones who did n't vote austria are homophobes '' . 
  i found that the main opinion in romanian media is that the song was good but the guy an anti-model and they disliked him even if romania voted for him ( 8pts ) i have the complete opposite opinion , i think the song was shit and i like the political message he 's sending across with that beard . 
  [ we also had a fire in timisoare , romania . 
  oh it 's that time of the year again . 
  i fucking hate elections . 
  `` and i think it was a bad move so i brought it back to you guys . '', 
  a normal country is , according to this interview , inferior to the marvel that italy is . 
  seeing a nazi cry after he acted like a nazi during harsher times and now he gets convicted is truly a sign of recovery . 
  and they were executed a day before europe-day, 
  cheap land = cheap solar and eolian plants . 
  also i do n't think the industry grew in any meaningful sense in 2013 . 
  there 's also fesziget/peninsula which was great but they moved to cluj last year , now they are back to tg mures and turned to shit because some of them wanted to stay in cluj or something . 
  i think i wrote it on april fools and forgot to change it back . 
  you know , it 's a really bad time for hyperbolies . 
  what song ? 
  there are songs at eurovision ? 
  first ever video that made me like bucharest . 
  oh and i must tell you , because we have such a resistance do sound , romanians are pretty light at complaining about it ( this map is about complaining not the actual sound ) . 
  compared to the slovenes or the french you must really piss your neighbor off for him to call the police . 
  i think if the map was on how much decibels a household gets from his neighbor romanian would be easily the first one . 
  the priest said there are enough to serve in each one once a month . 
   propaganda is a form of communication aimed towards influencing the attitude of a population toward some cause or position . 
  i does n't have to be a lie or something bad to be called propaganda . 
  nowadays the word has some pretty bad connotations because of the nazi germany , the ussr and others who used propaganda to control and manipulate but it is n't fundamentally bad . 
  imo , the eu needs to spend more on propaganda , the way the usa did in the 50 's . 
  no , propaganda for the eu . 
  there are a lot of videos like this showing us how great the eu is and they are all voiced by this guy . 
  and so on and so on . 
  who 's the guy that voices all these propaganda videos ?
