  it 's not that we are afraid of . 
  russia will not `` attack '' a nato member because they are not retarded . 
  but russian warfare is much more subtle . 
  i know the us will go to some length to stop a russian backed propaganda game in romania that would destabilize the country but i 'm not sure germany would be ready to denounce politicians in romania for being sold to the russians . 
  i do n't know how would germany react if a strong `` moldovan separatist and union with all moldova '' movement backed and financed by kremlin would develop in romania and destabilize the country and it 's only one example of what russia can do here . 
  except germans do n't sweep it under the rug ... 
  the prevalence of drugs here is much higher in romania than presented here but ana ( antidrug national agency ) is a perfect embodiment of the romanian government 's worst , useless agency that does nothing and pays a lot of salaries to guys who in turn hire their friends and relatives to do shit . 
  so there 's no real statistics or anything about the drug problem in romania which is incredibly concerning , no really because of the real prevalence of other drugs which is important but only in some urban centers but for the incredibly high alcohoolism level in this shitty country . 
  there are many institutions i would like to see reformed in romania but the guys at ana i would like to see shot in the fucking face , people die because of this shit . 
  the photos are quite dated , early 2000 's late 90 's imo . 
  england , i think the climate northern romania and romania in general it 's because we do n't have the waterway infrastructure of the 21 century : levees , dams stuff like that also deforestation and stupid village placements . 
  i heard of them in russia but in the eu , damn ... fuck this shit . 
  i really want to know if you have nk slaves here in romania . 
  i do n't want to offend any poles but imo the way you write in latin really shows it does n't really fit the language . 
  i do n't know much about polish so i do n't know if cyrillic would fit it but the fact that you could have only one symbol for sz \u017c cz szcz c m n \u0142 , l r , rz could maybe make it easier to read . 
  i spoke to some slovenes and they said that during yugo years when they were in the army everybody learned cyrillic because otherwise you were considered a dork ... now if you write in cyrillic in croatia or slovenia you 're literally milosevic . 
  wars are stupid . 
  is n't this the place where giant boulders can fuck up your house ? 
  same architect and style . 
  i think they were allowed to leave but left them stay if they wanted to show off how smooth their mooving is . 
  i ca n't believe how stupid would have looked if it collapsed and someone died , i have no idea why we were that retarded . 
  oh , do n't worry , we make a lot of things we are proud of ( wine , cheese , honey , jam , mineral water ) but we suck balls at exporting it in the eu . 
  for example i think borsec beats perrier in every aspect but because we suck at exporting it borsec can be bought in romania and sometimes hungary ( because it 's produced in the hungarian speaking region ) for 50 cents while perrier can be found even in japan for a lot more than 50 cents . 
  i think very few get welfare as they do n't speak the language of the countries they emigrate to and do n't bother with the paperwork ( a lot of them are illiterate ) . 
  even if i 'm happy that transylvania is represented correctly with a hungarian turul right now there is a silver aquila that does n't mean anything on it because who redesigned it in the 90 's was thinking `` fuck the hungarians and transylvania 's heritage i 'll go partially gheorghe funar on that coat of arms '', 
  of course not , without inflation their program is either impossible either giving romania a greek crisis . 
  luckly we have our own currency and i expect 2020 with 9 ron for a euro if everything goes according to plan which it wo n't . 
  their only argument against inflation is that they will rise small salaries that go directly into consumption because people are already to poor to save money but in classic psd style they fail to mention that a lot of our consumption is imported goods . 
  so if everything is fine and dandy , mister gheorghe will have a 3000 ron salary with the purchase power of let 's say , i guess somewhere around 1800 ron now ( adjusted for economic growth that we supposedly keep for all 4 years ) . 
  they will feel a bit richer , they will think they are much richer because nominally they have a 3 in front of their salary not a 1 and psd lives to govern another 4 years . 
  but i 'm a big optimist , i have no hope that everything will be fine for the next 4 years with the world economy . 
  and then we have to think a little bit more carefully about raising our government spending after 2008 . 
  we do n't have a strong economy with a lot of romanian capital . 
  we are extremely vulnerable to any change in the world economy . 
  dow jones is at record high , brexit is still an unknown economically speaking and the greek case is far from closed . 
  if any of these events will go bad we are back in 2010 only much worse because then we did n't cut taxes so much . 
  and what will they do then ? 
  cut shaiddeh pencil money ? 
  i do n't think so , dragnea 's power is concentrated in that pencil . 
  they will lie that the crisis does n't affect us and when the shit hits the fan they strategically retreat and let an idiot take all the blame ... like they did in '98 and 2009 . 
  said every european ... except for maybe the balkans . 
  i really hope fillon does n't pull a hillary with the corruption scandals and all that . 
  every european citizen has the right to vote in local elections in every european country . 
  is the 11th picture the orange guy from the restaurant in front of galata tower ? 
  i loved that guy , he 's huge . 
  last time i read wilson , the principle of self-determination was n't about planting muslims in the balkans . 
  what the actual fuck ... was the ottoman empire an american xxth century conspiracy ? 
  shit these guys are powerful , they can influence the fucking past as the us became a world player right after the ottoman empire was dismantled . 
  in cluj , romania , it 's meh . 
  it 's free for an hour ( max aprox 20 euros for a 24/h ) and that 's a plus and it 's still pretty new ( opened i think last year ) so the quality of the bikes is ok . 
  but it did n't open all the stations ( i hope it will be fixed when it opens again in march ) and the touchscreen on the stations is a shit piece of hardware that does n't work unless you break your finger and that sucks so much . 
  nice dacia you have there, 
  how strange , we love our diaspora in romania . 
  one of the reasons our current president won is because is counter-candidate , while prime-minister at the moment , tried to limit diaspora 's right to vote . 
  the fucking opposition let this happen . 
  instead of coming up with their own programs , talking to people about wages and pensions they let psd make an equivalence between higher pensions and anti-justice fighting . 
  it 's true , your alternative fact is so true . 
  it 's worse than being busy with helping crooks . 
  v ponta accepted a reward from dodon in december , the deputy pm has links to assad and russian propaganda sites are really helping them with the soros , brusel the bad and other such conspiracies to blame the bad foreigner and get their asses out of prison . 
  the crooks found in putin an ally , they are not willing to admit it because of public opinion but to me it 's the only logical conclusion . 
  the anticorruption push was clearly an american backed push because they saw in romanian corruption a strategic weakness of nato , putin is more than happy to help the crooks now . 
  i ` member . 
  yeah , because it 's 2004 . 
  it 's not about the huns which people agree they are not the hungarian 's ancestors . 
  it 's the theory which has been proven false that the magyars are originaly from mongolia . 
  is n't the simulator game mandatory ? 
  italy , greece and spain the fuck is wrong with you . 
  and how will you fix this ... so we can steal some solutions 20 years after you 've fixed it . 
  that 's a pretty shitty tupolev ... 
  i hope they usually watch social media . 
  it 's part of open sources https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/open-source_intelligence, 
  and now what , am i supposed to enter in a conversation about the middle ages in europe compared to africa and asia , the renaissance and the lenlightenment and their causes , colonization and exploitation and other complex reasons and issues with a retatd like you . 
  i ai n't got the time for that mate , go and get triggered that people have a different skin pigmentation . 
  and the race of those who created it is important because ? 
  should people from the other race who are part of the western civilization assume some sort of inferior position because it was created by people who were white ? 
  why ca n't a black person be part of the `` western civilization '' ? 
  why , they have the no hills and mountains version in budapest , they should n't be that mad to this at least they made a backup . 
  i do n't know what to chose , one of them has a paint-roller blessing the other a folding cross ... securitate or kgb ? 
  tough choice . 
  people do n't convert ( because there 's almost no difference ) priests do . 
  bor expected that most of romanian speaking priests would come with their parishes to them in the 90 's , they did n't so now moldova it 's split but basically the same church the only difference is who they pray for ( kiril or daniel ), 
  but i think the majority of them know romanian to some extent . 
  these languages are very small . 
  but there are about a million l2 romanian hungarians in transylvania that are n't accounted for here , they are put in both hungarian and romanian statistics as being native in both . 
  i would n't let myself drive at 0.08 but it depends on the person . 
  i do n't get why you can have some alcohol in the blood and still be allowed to drive . 
  i do n't care how good of a drinker you are maybe you miss interpret how drunk you really are because ... you know , you 're drunk . 
  is n't soros giving a 30 zloty/dog and 50 zloty/human to protest ? 
  if he does do n't plan on that money , it has n't arrived yet for the romanians who were out in february . 
  beuf salata is best salata . 
  or , as we call it `` the toilet '' for around 40 % of romanians . 
  satu mare-mangalia in romania is 19:34 hours on the site and that 's without the obligatory several hours delay . 
  true also for the counter ( on proposals ) to be restarted and not trigger early elections all the parliament has to do is accept the 2nd proposal and then dismiss the new pm in 2 months like they did in 2012 . 
  and if you want to be a bad boy and get what pm you want you can simply impeach the president and nominate your pm during the interim . 
  after that the president can get back to power after the massive refendum and all that but he 's powerless towards the new pm . 
  sure they will get a hit but if they keep it low after setting the country on fire for the next 3 years romanians will forget like always . 
  but he can put who he wants as pm ... that 's the point of it . 
  it 's a replacement for the rheinmetall contract . 
  it will be produced in moreni too . 
  truth be told you ca n't produce an amv in romania in any other place because you do n't have the expertise and the infrastructure and it would cost too much to make it from scratch .
