  the biggest issues would be the submarines , but i 'd assume sweden & finland in particular , or the majority of the countries have considerable anti-submarine warfare tactics , even if is just minelaying . 
  that and the only way in the baltic sea is through denmark , so the eu would have the advantage of reinforcing the area with more uk , us , french ships while russia ca n't bring its navy from the other theaters to help . 
  in terms of airforce and aircraft you can probably say each is evenly matched , whether it be in terms of technology or experience makes up for either . 
  but nato in whole has alot more air intercepting and ground attack aircraft than russia so it would probably be a war of numbers . 
  the eu is russia 's main trading partner , cutting that off itself will be horrendous . 
  in a full scale eu-russia escalation china probably would n't want to be involved with russia . 
  during the ukraine crisis china did n't really tilt in favor of either ukraine or russia , for fear of ramifications . 
  that and chinese-russian trade volumes are really not that high , they mainly only trade energy and weapons . 
  the russian military is only modernized in the sense to be able to bully its weaker neighbors around it . 
  even then , russia struggles to maintain on top . 
  if you look at the [ russo-georgia war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-georgian_war#military_analysis ) even against its smaller neighbor it lead to embarrassment towards the russian military . 
  granted they did win over tiny georgia , but not after losings some unacceptable amount of men and equipment . 
  it took several days for russia to claim air superiority from a few of georgia 's air defenses . 
  even when you look at the syrian conflict & war in donbass ( both against weaker , non-western militarys ) russia ca n't go into full conventional war . 
  russia `` modernization '' program planned on replacing 70 % of the old equipment , but due to economic troubles its only going to get around 30 % . 
  russia heavily relies on its specialized units , whether it be the airborne troops , naval infantry , or various mvd units . 
  in a conventional war scenario i would n't count a big portion of russia 's army on being `` professional '', 
  the majority of anti-icbm and icbm systems in europe are controlled by the us . 
  so granted , if russia tries invading europe , they 'd have to counter both icbms from the european continent and the american homeland . 
  the united states strategy is basically overwhelming enemy air defenses with air superiority , then bombarding anything that moves across the enemy border . 
  russia has some considerable air defenses , but not a whole lot . 
  in the first week of a possible war lots of equipment will be lost - on both sides . 
  but the european union alone has more than double the production power of russia , adding the united states to that equation russia would exhaust most of its military ability within the first week . 
  russia can mostly likely overrun the baltics fairly easily ( granted take some causalities ) its just the fact of the matter , the baltics are entirely open plains , with no natural geographic defenses , and do n't have the nesscary military infrastructure . 
  first off , i highly doubt russia would annex the baltics as they serve no real objective purpose , second i doubt with the current state of the russian military they have the ability to coordinate and defend the position long due to logistical challenges . 
  if you look at the [ russo-georgia war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-georgian_war#military_analysis ) russia suffered some of these issues . 
  granted russia has undergone a `` military modernization '' program , but its been cut short due to economic troubles . 
  just do what finland does , just have some 60 rocket artillery batteries facing st. petersburg as leverage . 
  in all honesty though finland & russia have a pretty good security relationship . 
  as long as russia does n't mess with finnish sovereignty we do n't join nato . 
  however since the ukraine crisis we have been drifting more towards nato oriented goals and developing a sweden-finnish relationship . 
  to take the * fear mongering * aside from an eu army . 
  the only information on such idea is the [ common defense and security policy . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_security_and_defence_policy ) it heavily focuses on the idea of territorial defense , high interoperability ( thanks to nato , practically done ) and use of the eurocorps and battle grounds of multiple countries making up combat groups . 
  problem is of course , is many eu countries are dependent on the american arms industry , and do n't bother to develop their own . 
  maybe if eu countries reinstated conscript , that would atleast put up more manpower and then increase spending . 
  finland has conscription and has some 230,000 reservists ( and 900,000 with training obligations ) . 
  from what i hear from other eu countries it was popular when it was around . 
  perhaps sweden or germany could reinstate it if they did n't become too overly liberal . 
  i know lithuania reinstated conscription - in all honestly i highly doubt it would do much , in a russian take-over scenario the best they could do is guerilla tactics against russian logistics , and air defenses that would help . 
  i would also argue nato/european navys are at least matched or even better equipped than the baltic fleet . 
  the baltic sea is basically a sea mine for russia filled with nato countries or eu members ( sweden & finland ) . 
  in a total war situation sweden would probably open its borders and help with logistics from sweden-gotland-baltics to help reinforce it . 
  of course the kaliningrad enclave and st. petersburg area will be an issue but those are really a small strip of land that could be overcome . 
  perhaps in a eu-russia war scenario sweden & finland would help join in on nato . 
  then the entire baltic sea would be nato/pro-eu . 
  russia does n't have alot of landmass bordering the baltic sea . 
  for me atleast , its a little ridiculous that the us military equipment makes up so much of the european arsenal , and on top of that its us troops that are making up a big part of the deterrence . 
  but i guess thats how the us makes money to pay for its military . 
  perhaps eu countries could reinstate conscription ? 
  from what i hear from the majority of eu countries its pretty popular from the countries that no longer have it . 
  ( sweden , germany ) . 
  finland for example has mandatory conscription and we have 230,000 reservists ( and 900,000 training obligated ) . 
  the more manpower you have in your military then more likely the more spending will be put towards it . 
  in all honesty the only real advantage russia has is the sheer amount of numbers and equipment . 
  adding more manpower ( and military infrastructure ) could be a way to beef up defense . 
  finland possibly has the same problem with the aland islands . 
  problem is since its an `` autonomous region '' we ca n't have military installations there , so if russia wanted to seize it we would n't have anything to prepare it beforehand . 
  the baltic sea is basically a nato minefield for russia . 
  all of the other countries bordering the baltic sea are nato or pro-eu aligned ( sweden & finland ) and even those countries have high interoperability between their own national militaries and nato . 
  russia does not have alot of land in the baltic sea , just near st. petersburg and the kaliningrad enclave . 
  the baltic sea can be a highway for logistics to the baltics via sweden - gotland , and you can fairly easily just put sea mines near the gulf of finland to block off st. petersburg . 
  russia can quiet possibly invade the baltics with sheer force and surprise , but even russia does n't have the logistical capability or experience to reinforce a large swap of land for a considerable period of time . 
  looking at the russo-georgia war ( which was a disaster from a russian military standpoint ) , war in donbass , and syria conflict russia is avoiding a fully scale military commitment . 
  russia 's `` modernization program '' has really been cut short of its desire . 
  instead of a `` 70 % '' planned modernized equipment they 're going to get around 30 % . 
  and that will only go to its specialized and elite units whether it be the airborne troops , naval infantry , and various mvd units . 
  russia 's navy is still pretty outdated , its really only moscow 's submarine fleet that is menacing . 
  a gamechanging situation would be in a possible conflict , sweden & finland would open their borders and cooperation with nato/eu . 
  then the entire baltic sea can be a sea mine for russia ( considering russia only has a few slits of land near the baltic sea ) and be a logistics haven from sweden to the baltics . 
  finland has some 230,000 reservists , and both sweden & finland have various degrees of anti-submarine warfare . 
  ( most notably mine warfare , so block off gulf of finland ? ), 
  thats what the whole * shanghai cooperation organization * is for . 
  its basically gives the right for beijing to expand into the central asian countries while russia gets to keep its * `` security guarantees '' * in those countries . 
  it would take several years for the necessary infrastructure to be in place for there to be any * real chance * of defending the baltics . 
  the russian kaliningrad enclave and nearby belarus cause a problem . 
  but perhaps if finland & sweden become more involved in nato , in a war scenario the baltic sea can be a resupply route . 
  ( entire baltic sea is filled with pro-nato/pro-eu nations , and russia does n't have alot of land mass bordering the water ), 
  russia has very little incentives to fully annex the baltics . 
  it would be a whole lot of risk for a strip of land with really no potential ( no offensive ) . 
  the baltics geography are open plains , very little military infrastructure for there to begin with . 
  not to mention the hassle of defending it from the baltic sea and guerilla tactics of the defenders . 
  plus the russian military really is n't up to the task logistics wise or experience wise to conquer and defend a whole swapt of territory . 
  the russo-georgia conflict is an example of that , and even in ukraine russia has to rely on separatists and the occasional air support or artillery fire . 
  more or less likely russia will just toy with the baltics by the occasional nuclear threat here and there and cyber attack , but in all honestly , russia is just a slow bear . 
   to be fair , the bartender was polish and having eu alcohol tax, 
  i 'm just trying to figure out where the anti-immigration side of uk is planning on solving these problems , at the end of the day , you ca n't stop * all * immigration . 
  the united states knows this fairly well , no matter how much the republicans ramble , the us is a control of immigrants , and the southern states in particular rely on the cheap labor of migrants coming from mexico and south america . 
  i 'm not indian lol , ironically for americans , just about everyone we bomb ( germany , japan , iraq , philippines , and now vietnam ) tend to be our friend/ally down the road in one sense or another . 
  actually it would be pretty snarky , considering only 3 of the major some 53 members of the commonwealth are * predominately white *, 
  yes , but people would * argue * of course thats great britain cherry picking again . 
  * more cooperation with the commonwealth !, 
  - excluding non-white countries * of course other countries such as canada & australia can see through this and wo n't be in favor for it if it only benefits uk . 
  you have to give some to get some . 
  plus i think australia has enough of british ~ ~ economic migrants ~ ~ expats in their country who make up the largest foreign-born group . 
  * again , * i am not posting this from a moralistic standpoint , i 'm just saying * some * of the reasons why * some * indians may harbor anti-british feelings is because of * this * incident and perhaps others like it . 
  i 'm not claiming moral high ground , i was just answering the question of why some indians are anti-uk . 
  the uk treatment of india is an example of that . 
  i do n't know you tell me , we just finished what you guys started in north america ... in [ austrailia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/australian_frontier_wars ) oh and of course the [ boer wars ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_boer_war#concentration_camps_.281900.e2.80.931902.29 ), 
  nigel farage does n't even show up to his own finance committee meetings , its not really a burn when the person who says that is full of fallacies themselves,
