  you really think erdogan could find all of the * usa backed islamist terrorists * in the turkish military within a week ? 
  haha, 
  i have to disagree . 
  rt news and sputnik news only appeals to a small percentage of the population that is already prone to conspiracy theories such as nwo , armageddon , 9/11 truthers , ect . 
  it only becomes a problem when our own domestic media has to present their viewpoint in an effort to appear `` balanced '' . 
  you can clearly see this in the us election and during the mh17 shootdown . 
  in the us , which clearly has a giant bipartisan issue with its two party system , liberal media has to walk on eggshells when criticizing trump ( republican nominee ) to avoid backlash from conservative outlets even when he is saying direct lies . 
  same with mh17 shootdown , even though russia changed its story 2-3 times within a week , from saying ukrainian anti air systems hot it down to ukrainian jets , our media reported it anyway , making it appear as its a `` balanced '' approach when russia had literally no evidence . 
  foreign media can only have so much of an effect . 
  as long as we have a large plurality of media sources in the west . 
  and our established media has a decent dose of skepticism when it comes from russian claims let them waste their money . 
  pretty much the entire international community is on board . 
  china is n't even taking a bullet for russia this time . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/political_status_of_crimea#stances great irony is the countries that do support russia 's claim are already pretty isolated and disliked by the international community at large . 
  ( for example , north korea , syria , venezuela , ect ), 
  it got really worse after 2014 crisis and the `` sanction war '' between the eu and russia . 
  its not as direct censorship as in china but if you are `` independent media '' in russia you need to step in line or you wo n't get your broadcasting title renewed . 
  i totally agree , i wrote something similar . 
  the best thing we can do is have volunteer organizations like the [ `` baltic elves '' ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/03/20/the-baltic-elves-taking-on-pro-russian-trolls.html ) that go out and try to disprove russian propaganda . 
  other than that , we need to make sure russian propaganda does n't get force-fed into our media . 
  in western media we try to find a `` balance of viewpoint '' even if the other side has absolutely no evidence to back up the claim . 
  in the us election cycle you can clearly see this with donald trump . 
  he spews out direct lies and liberal media has to walk on eggshells to try not to piss off the conservatives and `` balance viewpoint '' titles . 
  again , the problem with freedom of press , free trade , and individual rights is that you will always be at a disadvantage to countries who do not follow those rules . 
  russia since the crackdown in the 2014 ukraine crisis has been shutting down independent media and heavily limiting foriegn press and ngos . 
  sadly in the west , that means we are open to foreign-oriented media that comes from russia . 
  channels like rt and sputnik appeal to a small percentage of audiences in the us and europe that are already prone to conspiracy theories and other nonsense . 
  there is no use in trying to change their opinion . 
  in the situation in which this becomes very dangerous , is in the western media we tend to try to give a `` balance '' viewpoint even if the opposing side is spewing too much nonsense . 
  you can clearly see this in the us election , where donald trump says a complete lie , and liberal media has to literally walk on egg shells to try to not piss off conservative media . 
  during the mh17 incident , many news networks kept reporting too much based on russia 's perspective . 
  jesus christ i remember that one week where rt switched from saying it was ukrainian anti-air systems that shot down the plane , to it being ukrainian jets . 
  the problem is our media has to report that bullshit in an effort to seem `` balance '' and that confuses our viewership by making it seem like a bipartisan issue when it really is n't . 
  i agree there really is n't much to be done at the institutional level . 
  otherwise we will be no better in censorship or being selective about media than russia . 
  but in the baltics for example they have the [ `` baltic elves '' ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/03/20/the-baltic-elves-taking-on-pro-russian-trolls.html ) which is a group of volunteers who try to debunk russian trolls and false media . 
   * about 40 % of all generals and admirals in the military have been dismissed . 
  * talk about a purge . 
  eastern europe basically believes western europe will leave them for dead at the earliest sign of trouble ( some cases is true ) and western europe just sees eastern europe as a liability . 
  the united states has been seen more reliable even compared to european counterparts . 
  arguably one way or another ~ ~ nato ~ ~ the united states held a balance in europe . 
  need to remember , the us makes up 70 % of defense spending in europe . 
  thats a big ally to loose . 
  and while countries like france and germany were hesitant at first in sending troops to reinforce the baltics , the us did it relatively no problem and brought along the canadians . 
  i was reading an article that russia wanted to sell kaliningrad to germany , but germany refused . 
  i do n't know the authenticity of the information . 
  kaliningrad is to russia as israel is to america, 
  well , its not at least like / r/russia where they ban you for having another view point . 
  * `` job interview '' *, 
  yeah , i really only found information on nasmas i. 
  says [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nasams#service_history ) that they are used to guard the airspace around the white house, 
  yes , they could not observe because crimea is not recognized by the un , not apart of osce , and ukraine which is a osce member did not invite the referendum . 
  the majority of polish aa are manual anti air machine guns . 
  most of the finnish anti air surface to air missile systems are mobile short range nasmas ii and crotale systems . 
  international observers were not permitted . 
  they were n't permitted because first off crimea is not a recognized state . 
  and ukraine which is an osce member did not invite osce observers there in the first place . 
  secondly , why would the osce send election observers there when crimea/russia turn back military osce observers ? 
  the whole point is to make sure the election is fair and open . 
  by refusing entry of osce military observers who 's purpose is to monitor conflict zones you already nullify any chance of an fair and open election . 
  russia can not just invade and occupy a territory , and expect the osce or international community to go ahead with it . 
  because russian troops in crimea is obviously a conflict of interest , and the majority of the international community has rightly ruled the referendum a farce . 
  international bodies deciding that the referendum is illegal is not completely different business than openness in crimea . 
  the osce is the largest intergovernmental security-oriented organization and along with the un human rights which boycotted the referendum . 
  its the international bodies that send they observers . 
  the un general body ruled 100 to 11 that the referendum was illegal . 
  and the states that do support russia 's claim are afganistan , cuba , kyrgyzstan , nicaragua , north korea , and venezula . 
  the great irony is the majority of countries that do support russia 's claim are already currently sanctioned and isolated from the international community in the first . 
  we do n't have oil and we ranked pretty good  ; l at least we beat svierge, 
  those smug norwegians with their 100 %, 
  ;( hey we 're not rich !, 
  actually surprised we beat swede . 
  rip atleast sweden is willing to help you against russian aggression, 
  there was an article by mats alvesson and karl yden that claimed that a large part of the officer corps of the swedish armed forces was preoccupied with administrative tasks instead of training soldiers or partaking in international operations . 
  they claimed that swedish officers were mainly focused on climbing the ranks and thereby increasing their wages and that the main way of doing this is to take more training courses . 
  and again finland is still conscription based . 
  having 12 % of officers is a little odd though if you 're comparing it to the us military . 
  qq talk about finland . 
  we 're not a nato member and share a bigger border than any other european country combined with russia . 
  why does n't poland have decent anti-aircraft systems ? 
  finland is non-nato and at least has dozens of norwegian and french anti-aircraft surface-to-air-missile systems . 
  and we have a ton of us anti-air stinger missiles in reserve . 
  sweden 's defense policy is basically using finland as a cannon fodder . 
  i think its because sweden just pays their soldiers a larger salary , and of course that cuts down on the amount of operations and equipment . 
  but sweden does n't share a border with russia so i do n't see any harm in that . 
  i think if nato intervened it would of been a big fiasco . 
  it was one small uninhabited island , and no deaths have even occurred . 
  did you want the united states to send a carrier group to support you guys ? 
  a big portion of defense funding goes to salaries , not necessarily military equipment and operational costs . 
  i 'm actually a bit suprised that sweden spends around the same as finland . 
  ( seeing that you have a population nearly twice our size ) but i guess its because you guys do n't share a border with russia . 
   1,72 oh man , russia must think you are trying to revive operation barbarossa, 
  yeah , the southern military district ( caucasian area ) has even more troops committed than in western europe . 
  yeah , the uk and france outspend russia on defense while only using up about 2.0 % of their gdp . 
  russia on the other hand is going through economic turmoil and even with 5.39 % they can not keep up with the majority of western european countries . 
  pretty amazing that the uk and france both spend nearly twice per person on their military compared to russia , while only using around 2.0 % of their gdp . 
  russia on the other hand has to spend a whopping 5.0 % and can barely catch up to the rest of europe . 
  no you do not understand . 
  the osce was * not permitted * to monitor the so called referendum . 
  observers from the osce earlier [ tried to gain access into crimea ] ( http://www.euronews.com/2014/03/15/thwarted-crimea-mission-of-osce-observers ) but were denied .
