  inb4 the entire uk military is dependent on the us, 
  nay , they use the krone . 
  why were we the only nordic nation to accept the euro again ? 
  due to the sanction war , russia stopped importing foods from europe , and alot of finland 's agriculture exports to russia . 
  low export volumes with russia will affect the economy but it wo n't spin it in turmoil . 
  falling exports , recovering from 2008 , nokia crash , sanctions on russia are n't helping . 
  overall finland has a marketing problem . 
  not sure is so much about nervousness . 
  the baltics were apart of the ussr , are in nato , and are in frequently the target of russian intimidation and have a much lower rating than finland . 
  plus finland is not apart of nato , is a neutral country , and we do n't have really escalated relations with russia , same goes with sweden . 
  finland has always had a high trust in its public institutions . 
  i think the difference comes in the perception of the question . 
  in finland if you ask this question , the vast majority of people would think `` fight for your country '' as defending against a russian invasion . 
  whereas in the uk/us they might be reminded of the war on terror or the expeditionary wars abroad . 
  i think it has to do with perception , the question is kind of vague . 
  perhaps in finland , sweden , and the baltics `` fighting for your country '' can be easily correlated to defending against a russian invasion . 
  while if you ask the question in the us or uk they might think you mean expeditionary wars like the interventions in the middle east or the war on terror . 
  meanwhile if russia is n't constantly spewing patriotism we 'd think they 're collapsing again . 
  wait ... i did n't learn about this in history class . . 
  yeah i agree , for example if you ask `` fight for your country '' to the us or the uk for example they would probably think of middle east interventions , while in finland its much clearly outlined as an invasion of russia since our military does n't do many out of border activities . 
  we 're ok at the moment , we have a decent working relationship , that and i do n't think russia wants to risk escalation for sweden ( and possibly finland ) for joining nato if the baltic area heats up . 
  i thought there was at first a correlation between mandatory military service and volunteer service . 
  but seeing austria and switzerland you see not so much . 
  i agree that the question should be changed . 
  `` would you defend your country if threatened by foriegn invasion ? '', 
  really ? 
  in america if you use your president 's name as an insult that means your a patriot . 
  then you 'd think it would be much higher . 
  if you border russia then you 'd realize you have a greater chance of being conscripted into war than compared to switzerland and austria who border relevantly peaceful and stable neighbors . 
  happiness index ? 
  yeah , even so if you look at other western european countries that have conscription ( [ see austria , switzerland ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vzrvyvx.png ) ) its still had incredibility low numbers . 
  i 'm actually surprised by switzerland , they seem to have a fierece patriotism in their neutral military . 
  but yes , i agree that countries that do have conscription tend to have better favor-ability ratings . 
  pretty surprised that finland and sweden rank highly on this infographic ( and others that include trust in the military and police service ) . 
  hopefully this dispels the notion that we are soft-hearted regressive socialists it 's actually a little sad that germany has such low numbers . 
  http://gallup-international.bg/en/publications/2015/220-win-gallup-international%e2%80%99s-global-survey-shows-three-in-five-willing-to-fight-for-their-country if you scroll down and hit the two images and expand then finland has the highest rank in the western world according to that . 
  damn , on all three of these infographics you put up finland consistently remains on top for trust in police/military/defending the country . 
  if russia was in a total state of war mentality committing 110 % of itself in the destruction of finland or any other state then yeah finland would n't have a chance . 
  but even so like in the winter war , there is a cost-benefit analysis that goes into it . 
  after a bitter few months of fighting the soviet union gave up its ambitions to annex finland and settled for a concession treaty . 
  ( lucky for finland because we were at the breaking point too ) i 'd argue the soviet union was way more powerful than the current state of russia is now . 
  i 'd say being uneducated . 
  at least in finland , immigrants tend to catch up to the national system pretty fast . 
  i never understood why so many well known russians go to school in america . 
  even russia 's fm sergey lavrov sent his daughter to school in america before the 2014 crisis . 
   peanut-head babies wow meanie . 
  finland has the same issues with russia as well . 
  although we ca n't complain as much because we buy their gas & oil . 
  poor russia . 
  was n't it 94 % for trust in military in finland as well ? 
  to be fair , minorities in any country usually commit a higher crime rate . 
  at least in finland foreigners make up a big portion of our crime compared to their population size . 
  i did n't mention anything about winter . 
  invasions of any sort even in the modern times is costly . 
  its the same reason why russia does n't want to commit ground forces in syria or use fully use its conventional military in ukraine . 
  the latest of sorts of real invasions russia has done is in the georgian war and chechen wars . 
  both caused significant causalities on russia and were basically third world militaries . 
  russia has n't exactly faced off against another adversary outside of its former soviet union sphere . 
  is there a particular reason for that ? 
  increased military spending ? 
  more public awareness ? 
  i always assumed it was because the drift of between the west and russia and the increased patriotism that comes along with that . 
  never ever thought russian military support would drop down to 32 % . 
  always assumed the public had a pro-military stance like the us in many cases . 
  yeah that 's what i 'm saying . 
  in recent years ( specifically after 2014 crisis ) russia has become a more * military patriotic * country . 
  i 'm actually dumbfounded why there is so much support for the military in finland . 
  its not exactly that the finnish army is * particularly active * except in refresher trainings and the occasional un peacekeeping operation . 
  the russian military has helped extensively . 
  whenever there is something the rebels ca n't handle russia either sends in its air force or armored units to overwhelm the ukrainian . 
  the ukrianian air force is nearly nonexistent . 
  whenever ukraine uses its air force for air support russia shoots them down with long range air to air missiles while still within the russian border . 
  edit : if russia was n't involved the war in donbass would be over already . 
  the ukrainian air force is in pretty bad shape right now . 
  i think the best right now that europe/us can do is to help prop up the ukrainian economy structurally . 
  speaking from experience ? 
  i think they are just looking for excuses to stick brooms up peoples asses . 
  helps alot when you are actually apart of the army through mandatory service . 
  i wish they showed statistics on switzerland and norway , then we can compare if there are higher rates of positivism within countries that still have conscription . 
  hey , i think it is a [ very great achievement . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/sn1hqum ) and we only lost 30 % of our land !, 
  i really wanted to see switzerland in here . 
  i wanted to see if countries that still have mandatory conscription have higher levels of `` trust '' since every citizen is apart of the military for some time . 
  actually surprised that russia 's is not higher seeing their propaganda hype and what not . 
  a full scale invasion of any would be costly . 
  i doubt the russians are willing to lose all that manpower and money for ~ ~ finland ~ ~ a chunk of land . 
  who knows , maybe we 'll be lucky like in talvisota , size is n't everything . 
  correction : finland is ~ ~ made up of ~ ~ an army . 
  come on , turkey has had a long history in europe . 
  where you point to the byzantine empire or its participation in ww1 . 
  yeah , its just another rt news comment section . 
  it does n't even involve any russian domestic news like / r/europe has . 
  its not rants on foriegn policy . 
  i think the whole `` geography '' thing is a bit nonsense . 
  about 10 % of turkey or the eastern thrace is in europe . 
  and we all know turkey has shared a long history in european affairs . 
  i 'm talking about 2014 sanctions , not 2008 financial crisis . 
  again , this is all speculation . 
  there is just as much evidence and motive that china or russia did the coup as the us did . 
  do most ethnic russians in estonia nowdays more affiliate with * europeans * or are most of them still loyal to russia ?
