  western culture and consumerism has been reaching the markets of china , and the society of the middle east for decades . 
  you do n't need to look far to the rich gulf states to see how they infuse practical western know-how and international culture . 
   in terms of military power , europe is a joke , especially when its military power is measured against its economic power . 
  [ europe is still a military power , ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-listing.asp ) if you collectively combine the militaries of nato , or even just the eu , we outspend russia and china , and field similar quantities of equipment . 
  western countries still hold the advantage is military know-how and technology , while countries like russia and china have to spend around 5 % of their gdp to max out a professional army , the majority of europe spends anywhere from 1.3 % - ~ 2.0 % comfortably . 
   politically speaking , both european countries and the united states are more divided than they have been at any point since 1945 . 
  polarization has taken a hold of politics in the united states , and cultural/ethnic nationalism is on the rise in europe as a natural consequence of migration-related demographical shifts . 
  i think you are over-exaggerating , plus i think europe had the most polarization during the iron curtain during the cold war . 
  nato and the eu are still sound structures . 
  and so called ` mass migration ' is barely making a dent in europe 's over 300 million population . 
   diplomatically , europe and the united states have suffered significantly under incompetent , idealistic diplomats . 
  they are humiliated and defeated at every negotiation by china , russia , turkey and india . 
  the european union is paying turkey a tribute of billions of euros in exchange for not being flooded with a million or more middle eastern settlers , for example , and the united kingdom is paying hundreds of millions in foreign aid to countries with space programs . 
  not sure how we are humiliated . 
  we collapsed russia 's economy without firing a bullet by laying down sanctions , china and europe are n't exactly enemies , neither is india , and the 3 billion euro deal with turkey has successfully stemmed down the flow of refugees to europe [ in 2016 compared to 2015 . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34131911 ) again , look at my previous post . 
  china is undergoing an economic slowdown and has to make tough decisions and economic policies to switch from a manufacturing power to a consumer based economy . 
  russia is in a recession , energy crisis , and suffering an identity crisis as a former great power , turkey is apart of the western institutions whether you like it or not , they are a nato member and an eu partner , and besides our disagreements , turkey has been at the forefront of the eu 's southern border against the unrest in the middle east . 
  not sure why india is an enemy , india continues to have fast gdp growth but they are n't expanding territorial ambitions or changing anything in international politics . 
  why would there be independence movements in russia ? 
  would n't exactly say the western world is in decline , it may not be evolving at an established pace as it did in the past but it certainly is not tailing behind . 
  the `` emerging powers '' or brics nations ( brazil , russia , india , china , south africa ) which experts say would overtake the unipolar world of the us and its allies and establish a new , multipolar world of international relations , has pretty much failed . 
  brazil is undergoing a recession , on top of political instability brought on by the impeachment of the president and all the corruption scandals . 
  russia is desperately trying to to assert itself as a ` great power , ' and although russia still has the manpower and military technology to be a big regional player , its coming at a cost for its economy , transparency , and relations to the west . 
  india is still growing at a fast pace , but not fast enough to catch up to its chinese counter-part or shed its outer shell . 
  china 's economic slowdown , although not totally negative , is making the communist party rethink how it wants to organize society in china , from trying to switch to a manufacturing economy to a consumer based , all on top of growing distrust from its neighbors . 
  south africa has always had trouble with good economic growth in the first place , and it certainly is n't a different regional world player than it was a decade ago . 
  rip , thats more equipment than some national armies have . 
  hey man , if its not red its dead, 
  not really fair by western standards . 
  but in all honesty the united russia party ( party of which putin formally represents ) is basically the ` catch-all ' party of russia . 
  russia has always had a dominant political party controlling its political spectrum , as long as vladimir putin who is the most popular person in russia continues to franchise himself with united russia , that party will stay alive . 
  you should also remember that united russia was formed by a merger from unity party and the fatherland - all russia party alliance . 
  all of these parties have been vessels of previous elitists within russia . 
  united russia is basically the ` catch-all ' party for all voters . 
  if putin decided to step down and totally disenfranchise himself from the party when united russia would be in big trouble . 
  anything that is good for business . 
  our economy sure needs it . 
  sanctions are having a negative impact on finnish-russian trade , but it was declining in the long run . 
  it 's probably better now that we get this over with and try to be more independent on the long run than in another incident like this . 
  pls no . 
  we 've been here before, 
  surprised finland scored better of the nordics ... speaking of nordics . . where the fuck is iceland ? 
  kalashnikovs have been heavily upgraded and redesigned . 
  thats literally 80 % of finland . 
  hope you like lakes and trees . 
  the us has around 322 million , not 350 million people . 
  the point being is the countries gdp relative to its population . 
  norway which exports energy like russia has alot smaller population . 
  rt = voice of america fox news = russia channel one, 
  norway has 5 million people , australia has 23 million , russia has over 140 million people . 
  the us still makes more money on wheat exports , although it does n't export as much as russia if i am correct . 
  why would they be done for pure malice towards russian people . 
  the cause was russia annexed crimea and interfered in donbass , the effect were added sanctions . 
  the eu along with the us added sanctions , including finland . 
  finland also relies on russian consumerism for trade , so i do n't see why we are motivated to have malice towards the russian people . 
  tbh if you have an economy that follows the trickle down theory and you sanction all the rich people duh its going to impact everyone . 
  american agents are taking finnish and swedish politicians hostage to get closer ties with nato . 
  tbh , i always just thought it was just english speaking conspiracy theorists who crowded / r/russia and all other russian topic forums . 
  boy was i wrong . 
  they 're just taking out the trash . 
  member of the human rights council under the president of the russian federation andrey babushkin in an open letter to the head of the hrc condemned the detention of mikhail fedotov farmers who were trying to take on tractors letter to putin in moscow . 
  `` in 2016 , i turned 54 years since the execution of a working demonstration in novocherkassk . 
  but the tradition of struggle against protest of citizens shares alive in the rostov region today . 
  so , to me , as a member of the council under the president of russia , member of the pmc has addressed the krasnodar territory golubyatnikova olga , who reported on the need for urgent intervention in the events in aksay rostov region '' , - wrote in his blog babushkin . 
  he talked about the fact that on 21 august because of the krasnodar territory in moscow for tractors left 13 farmers who were taken to moscow complaint to the president of russia of a failure in the krasnodar region of recommendations the hrc . 
  `` in the aksai 22 august they were stopped by police officers who said that they wanted to speak with a representative of the president in the north caucasus federal district beljak leonid leonidovich . 
  farmers have agreed with them that they will return to krasnodar , where they will meet with the governor and the prosecutor . 
  after the farmers went to the hotel `` stagecoach '' in the village road about aksay , aksay and police blocked the rostov region farmers . 
  on the morning of august 23 riot police beat russian activist ruslan malamagomedova carriers association , which was taken to the aksai hospital . 
  up to punish the perpetrators , farmers decided to stay in aksay . 
  beljak promised them that the representatives of the edge guide will come to aksai . 
  at 19:40 the farmers were detained at the hotel and taken to omvd aksai . 
  in this case the documents and the money accompanying a member of the pmc farmers krasnodar krai olga golubyatnikova are farmer car nikolai borodin , in connection with which golubyatnikova can not take them , left without money and documents '' , - said babushkin . 
  `` i consider it inadmissible to use the police and the national guard for political repressions against citizens who believed the authorities and bodies operating on the basis of the presumption of honesty and integrity of the data authorities . 
  i ask you , dear mikhail alexandrovich informed about the violation of human rights of the minister of internal affairs of russia and the administration of the president of the russian leadership , demanding that they punish the perpetrators , as well as to notify the chief of research affairs of the rostov region on the violation of the rights of detained farmers and golubyanikovoy '' - also says in circulation . 
  looks a little german though , probably because i 'm thinking of the ww1 biplane symbols . 
  this is my [ favorite ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_estonia#/media/file:estonian_alternative_flag_proposal2.svg ), 
  moist, 
  that was my worry fml . 
  you know , its really fucked up when countries like saudi arabia have the morality police that tell people what to wear . 
  good thing we tell women how to dress . 
  rip , the ussr had actual plans to take helsinki from tallinn, 
  tbh not exactly sure how delighted russia would be that we decided to bypass them . 
  why do people vote for these parties even . 
  is it just a fake way to vent frustration with the ruling party or something ? 
  you do n't see many * actual * liberals in russia unless in some sort of scandal or corruption case on the news . 
  it would not be hostile to russia because sweden/finland have no intention of even attacking russia . 
  russia has a problem with nato , not all nato countries . 
  did i specifically say the chinese or russians did this ? 
  may i ask exactly , do the other political parties , liberal democratic party , communist party , or a just russia party act at all like opposition ? 
  if so what exactly are their stances/goals . 
  i really only see the communist party trying to stand up for pensioners and veterans , not much else . 
  why bother entertainment such useless speculation where there is no evidence for it . 
  might as well claim nazi nwo conspirators did 9/11 . 
   where 's `` anti-finnish propaganda '' he is clearly doing it for domestic media purposes . 
  hes saying that russia is nice to keep its troops away from the border ( which it does n't ) and if finland does something russia does n't like means finland is the bully . 
   by the way , if finland and/or sweden join nato - this 'd be not agressive , but clearly hostile . 
  alright , this proves russia has no interest in a multi-polar world . 
  it just wants to bully its neighbors .
