  imagine us having a minority party in finland . 
  ... oh wait we have the swedish peoples party . 
  yeah , people need to stop comparing turkey and russia and putin and erdogan . 
  of course both of them have some similarities in their autocratic style but they are more different than similar . 
  at least erdogan expresses a * willingness * to work with european countries . 
  pretty surprised finland is not on there . 
  or thats probably just me . 
  may i ask where in particular of karelia was your great grandfather in ? 
  again , i would argue the whole continuation war was due to russia invading finland in the winter war when it was a neutral country . 
  2/3 of partisan attacks happened inside proper finland on civilian targets . 
  i 'm sorry of the hardships your great grandparents had to go through . 
  prisoner of war camps were a fact of life back then . 
  but that what happens when you start needless wars . 
  the east karelian camps are the same as the pows camps . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_prisoners_of_war_in_finland#winter_war and the mortality rate was not due to execution like the soviet union , it was due to famine and disease . 
  the purpose of the detention was allegedly to secure the area behind the front lines against [ partisan attacks . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/continuation_war#soviet_partisans ) and through the course of the detention camps unlike the soviet camps finland actually let alot of them go when they judged areas to be clear of partisan attacks . 
  the reason why i am pointing to the gulag is for some context . 
  yes finland had detention camps , you ca n't go around that . 
  but they were not used for systematic killing or labor as the nazis and soviets did . 
   most of the deaths among soviet pows , 16,136 , occurred in the ten-month period from december 1941 to september 1942 . 
  prisoners died due to bad camp conditions and the poor supply of food , shelter , clothing , and health care . 
  about a thousand pows , 5 percent of total fatalities , were shot , primarily in escape attempts . 
  [ 11 ] food was especially scarce in 1942 in finland due to a bad harvest . 
  punishment for escape attempts or serious violations of camp rules included solitary confinement and execution . 
  out of 64,188 soviet pows , from 18,318 [ 12 ] to 19,085 [ 3 ] died in finnish prisoner of war camps . 
  and finland actually improved the conditions of the camps when the international community started pointing it out . 
   in 1942 the number of prisoner deaths had a negative effect on finland 's international reputation . 
  the finnish administration decided to improve living conditions and allowed prisoners to work outside their camps . 
   hostilities between finland and the soviet union ceased in september 1944 , and the first soviet pows were handed over to the soviet union on 15 october 1944 . 
  the transfer was complete by the next month . 
  [ 13 ] some of the pows escaped during the transportation , and some of them were unwilling to return to the soviet union . 
  furthermore , finland handed over 2,546 german pows from the lapland war to the soviet union . 
  [ 14 ] i would argue the detention camps were justifiable . 
  of course the deaths that occurred due to famine and disease were not and are a sad fact . 
  finland became increasing a target for [ partisan attacks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_partisans#finland_and_karelia ) from the soviets . 
  and i 'm just saying . 
  the whole winter war and continuation war was avoidable . 
  it was the soviet union that attacked , finland maintained a policy of neutrality . 
  i understand that ussr did the ribbentrop - molotov pact partly to save its own skin but it still does not justify occupying and invading neutral countries . 
  seeing that its one of the poorer regions in russia ( and europe ) i do n't think so . 
  you realize that east karelia was originally finnish ? 
  the vast majority of karelians left , and the detention camps were in place for the ethnic russians who settled there after the winter war . 
  and unlike the soviet union , deaths were caused by war famine and diseases . 
  not unlike gulag system that [ systemically killed over a million people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gulag ) according to 1993 soviet archives . 
  and the gulag system lasted * way after * ww2 into the late 1950s . 
  the mortality rate of [ russians in finnish detention camps ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_prisoners_of_war_in_finland ) were less than [ finns in russian detention camps ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gulag ) hey , at least finland did n't [ execute its own soldiers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_prisoners_of_war_in_finland#aftermath ) just for being captured . 
  gop * unlike in europe where mps nominate people to run in the case of the pm the us has to let voters decide , and thats sometimes usually always against the party . 
  if you look at trump , he is not following any of the republican party stances , i sortof feel bad for them . 
  1 ) its useless speculation with no evidence 2 ) you 'd think if the us would launch a coup , they would do a better job of it knowing what is at stake if they lose . 
  the majority of karelians there evacuated to mainland finland with the main withdrawal . 
  sadly russia has n't kept east karelia in good health , its one of the poorer regions in russia now , and its really only focused around its gas terminal and lumber . 
  f-35 is not suppose to be a dogfighting aircraft . 
  according to [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/falklands_war ) the uk royal navy suffered disproportional naval causalities . 
  losing two frigates and two destroyers . 
  its a textbook operation on the vulnerability of surface naval vessels . 
  but yes , no doubt it took the uk little time to establish superiority . 
  bbc russia is severely regulated in russia . 
  its not allowed to have its own channel , instead all of its operations are in the internet . 
  i hope you know that bbc 's foriegn news service is not the same as the parent news network . 
  bbc russia is there specifically so it can have a market in russia while following russia 's rules . 
  for example , if you go to bbc russia and search `` mh17 '' , you will find very little if not no searches that conclude that russia may have shot it down . 
  this is because bbc russia is required to censor a lot of its information that the parent country does n't . 
   in its 2007 foreign and commonwealth office annual report the house of commons ' foreign affairs committee concluded that `` the development of a partnership with the international arm of a russian state broadcasting network puts the bbc world service 's reputation for editorial independence at risk '' . 
  rt america , or the rt site in america has very little if not any oversight from the us . 
  you can go on their website and clearly see them using anti-ameircan rhetoric from saying 9/11 was a us government plot and what not . 
  bbc russia has to pander to russia 's spin . 
  its totally fine if countries have their own media bias . 
  us has cnn , fox , msmbc , cnbc . 
  australia has abc , uk has bbc , finland has yle . 
  its totally expected that host countries tend to benefit their own domestic media , both for political and economic purposes . 
  but it does become a problem when you stifle out independent or foriegn media . 
  its a little baffling how rt news has their own channel in america . 
  in russia there is very little independent or foriegn press . 
  its not like many russians have the power to change that . 
  in military invasions , nato is actually pretty good . 
  its insurgencies and occupations nato sucks at . 
  i think it is fair to say russia will have positive gdp growth in the near future . 
  but it will not be in the sustained levels when putin was leading in the 2000s . 
  the underlying problems in the russian economy will have even little chances of being fixed as long as there is strife between the west and russia . 
   many russians still continue to feel the ongoing economic crisis in the country , with real wages falling by 9.5 percent in 2015 . 
  jesus christ if this happened in any western country we would be calling for our leaders head on a pike . 
  i do n't think russia would want to annex or have any sort of union with ukraine as they do with belarus . 
  ukraine 's eastern regime is basically broken goods , even russia is smart enough to recognize the republics independence so they wo n't have to inhibit the costs of infrastructure destroyed by war . 
  they got crimea pretty easily with little to none damage . 
  as long as ukraine is a buffer between the west they will just revamp destabilizing and funding rebels whenever ukraine gets on its feet again . 
  silly lithuania , vilnius is for russia . 
  putin bots are fine . 
  i just wish that they would n't ban europeans from / r/russia . 
  yeah , ukraine was n't being fucking invaded by another military power . 
  mad ukrainian nationalists did n't invade and annex crimea and donbass and keep it away from the ukrainian tax bracket . 
  crimea and donbass were under ukrainian country . 
  when you lose those two territories you lose economic output , taxes , investment . 
  crimea , especially sevastopol was a major tourist and trading hub for ukraine . 
  when russia annexes it and is directly involved in combat in donbass do you honestly think that will not have a major impact on its economic ? 
  dude , its fairly clear that russian aggression was the main cause of ukraine 's downfall . 
  by losing crimea to russia , ukraine can not collect taxes from the region . 
  and with the war in donbas ( in which russia is certainly involved in ) ukraine can not gain taxes from there as well . 
  losing pieces of your own country is of course going to lower your gdp size . 
  its pretty clear that the ukrainian standard of living and gdp decline came with the start of the ukraine crisis , war in donbas , and losing crimea which input taxes into ukraine .
