  and many of them do want to eventually go back to syria . 
  how on earth is assad and russia stabilizing the situation ? 
  there was already a damn ceasefire before russia started bombing rebel troops and broke the whole thing down . 
  the majority of locations where russia is bombing is rebel territory , not isis . 
  not to mention russia is using the syrian war to increase the flow of refugees into europe to destabilize it . 
  russia has already been [ caught ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/russia-today-syria-war-cluster-bomb-footage-censorship-video-vladimir-putin-a7093141.html ) using cluster bombs which would increase civilian causalities and destroy more buildings . 
  very hard to to stabilize the situation when assad uses chemical weapons against his own citizens and opposition . 
  i 'm not saying the rebels are a piece of pie from heaven , but the majority of [ massacres ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_massacres_during_the_syrian_civil_war ) have either been taken place with the syrian government , isil , or hezbollah . 
  finland 's defense force motto is * look good do good *, 
  the boogie man solution probably is n't a good one . 
  the great irony is , you know all these `` disease vaccination '' campaigns that have been happening in africa for a couple decades ? 
  it greatly reduces infant mortality , and sadly that increased population adds more and more pressure on the host african country , and they end up in our refugee camps . 
  there 's really nothing we can about people coming over to europe . 
  we * can * handle it fine , but of course people want to do more than just let refugees pile in and be a burden in the system . 
  europe should just be a safe haven from danger . 
  no benefits . 
  no citizenship . 
  no free travel . 
  you come to europe to escape danger , * that should be all * we give them . 
  and granted , many of them will figure out it was n't worth the journey here and turn back like they do in finland . 
  i agree , the eu needs a more direct foriegn policy towards syria . 
  we ca n't wait on the us forever , and granted nothing solid will change until the chaotic elections in the us is over . 
  and even there , you run the risk of having the madman donald trump become president and solve absolutely nothing . 
  can we please just end the syrian war already ? 
  why not just train a paramilitary force from ~ ~ refugees that want eu citizenship ~ ~ willing refugees and end this bloody war already . 
  might make assad & russia think twice before purposely making the crisis worse . 
  granted , there probably wo n't be another foriegn policy shift on the us part until elections , and with that you have a wild card of a choice . 
  ~ ~ concentration camps ~ ~ detention camps, 
  * a state of emergency * oh thats clever . 
  what percent of the swedish population is `` foreign born '' anyways ? 
  its really hard for me to find reliable statistics as sweden does not record ethnicity . 
  i keep hearing 15 % / 20 % throwing around , obviously eu immigration would be a big part of it anyways . 
  jet fuel was never meant to melt steel beams . 
  more or less likely because trump threatens to dissolve nato . 
  that would clear a lot of russia 's headaches . 
  hey , you guys already gon na have monarch donald, 
  the us has been actually pretty good at nation building if you exclude recent history . 
  japan and germany for example , both from the ruins of ww2 were rebuilt into the striving societies they are today , and in many cases out competing the us . 
  the issue is , even though japan and germany suffered devastation during ww2 , they still had the remnants of institutions and effective bureaucracy to build on . 
  the homo-genus , civil society needed to build the nazi and japanese empire were great social architects , something that the middle east lacks with its ethnic divides and religious conflict , and no real history of stable liberal government . 
  japan and germany were akin to a firm whose building has burned down and that needed an infusion of capital to get started again . 
  iraq is like a firm that is putting a business together for the first time , and , as we know , 70 percent of all new businesses fail . 
  i laughed louder than i should have . 
  glad this is top knot discussion on / r/europe, 
  there 's a difference between fighting a conventional war and an insurgency . 
  the us is actually very good at initial invasions , as it has done in libya , and iraq , long term insurgencies not so much . 
  all the us would need to do is secure the strait , not take over the entire country . 
  plus the vast majority of turkeys military equipment is made in the us , and is cold war obsolete . 
  its good enough to fight terrorists south of its border and face off against russia , but not good enough to go against another world power , especially the us . 
  turkeys mbt is the m60 patton tank from the us in which an abrams can make quick work of that . 
  turkeys air force consists of f16s and f4 cold war phantoms . 
  if the us can invade iraq and depot saddam hussein which had the worlds 4th biggest military , surely the us can handle turkey . 
  it is when they get their sources from rt news . 
  ( which is banned in this reddit ), 
   the suspect was a 27-year-old syrian asylum seeker who had been denied the right to stay in germany , bavaria 's top security official has said . 
  well fuck this is n't going to go down well . 
  hey , at least you have politicians who would actually do something . 
  - granted if it was the wrong decision like invading a country or doing more bombings , here in europe we just call it a tragedy and grit our teeth for the next one . 
  pretty sure the united states is going to force them to help nato members , or more than one country will be swinging at europe . 
  the uk and germany have troops stationed in the baltics as trip wire . 
  i 'm sure if russia invaded , and those troops are kia or captured western european countries will be obligated to answer . 
  i seriously think people are overestimating russia . 
  france and the uk have a bigger military budget than russia . 
  russia is in economic woes , and political isolation with a military budget 5.5 % of gdp , and it ca n't even match western nations like france and the uk who spend less than 2.0 % . 
  western military are no doubt better equipped and trained than russia . 
  i mean seriously , we are talking about a country with an economy the size of spain . 
  i think people are scaremongering russia 's strength too much . 
  if russia ( ussr ) did n't invade nato in the cold war during its prime no way its going to do it now with a partial modernization army with economic woes . 
  russia in the western military district only has 65,000 troops , 850 artillery pieces , 750 tanks and 320 combat aircraft . 
  ( chatham house ) while the 26 european members of nato have over 2 million active service personnel , 7000 tanks , 11,000 artillery pieces , and 2,100 fighter and ground attack planes . 
  western militarys also tend to be better trained and equipped than russian conscripts . 
  the only large scale land experience we have seen russia do in the 21st century is the russo-georgian war . 
  and even though russia won against its tiny neighbor , if a small post-soviet country can inflict that many causalities and hold off for that long against russia alone , no way in hell russia can win . 
  in what world is zerohedge and a youtube link a legitimate source ? 
  zerohedge is the same source that believes in a jewish nwo conspiracy . 
  you realize that ukraine was drifting away from russia since the 2000s . 
  and yankuovych fled the country on his own accord like the coward he is . 
  maybe if he actually stayed he would n't of handed the coup over . 
  after he fled the countries , ukrainian parliament voted 3/4 's to appoint an interim prime minister , and with that they voted to have a new election , in which the current ukrainian government have won . 
  baltic states the exception ? 
  recognizing compromise of your own territory makes your legitimacy shaky , its the exact reason why assad wo n't accept any cease fires with rebel held territory . 
  if he accepts ceased hostilities you all but forfeit your claim . 
  it probably is not a good idea that ukraine gains lethal aid . 
  i doubt it would do much with the current level of the ukrainian military structure . 
  political and economic support will be more successful than renewing military conflict . 
  the west needs to help ukraine do the reforms necessary , and get its society and economy back on track . 
  that will be more menacing than ukraine renewing conflict . 
  even so , [ barely any country ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/political_status_of_crimea#russia ) recognizes crimea as apart of russia , and the ones who do really pull no weight in the international community ( except russia ), 
  even so , do n't think its justification for annexing the territory and causing ukraine all this trouble . 
  i do n't think she advocated for bombing russia directly, 
  little hard to ruin a relationship when it was already pretty bad . 
  it most likely is just russia plaguing its inferiority complex to other countries . 
  ( i guess you can say the usa has a `` superiority complex '' but the us at least has the most dominant military and economic power for at least countries to take it seriously . ), 
  as far as i know those have n't been broken . 
  and you realize that the treaty is from 1936 , which can not account for the technology gap . 
   because russia is not eu member , so they should not care about our internal problems oh come on , like russia has n't used its internal probe to exploit european politics . 
  if i recall : * [ putin visits eu member greece ahead of sanctions vote ] ( http://www.ekathimerini.com/209066/article/ekathimerini/news/putin-visits-greece-for-energy-investment-talks ) * [ putin invites italy pm to talk about economic deals during eu sanctions ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/italys-prime-minister-renzi-meets-putin-in-moscow-1425576848 ) * [ merkels bavarian critic meets putin to discuss sanctions immigrants ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/merkels-bavarian-critic-meets-putin-to-discuss-migrants-sanctions-1454520027 ) i really do n't see the big deal , russia visits opposition of eu members while the eu visits opposition of putin 's regime . 
  the most you can say is that is presents bad faith to both sides , but i would n't say its anything so serious to say `` the eu is trying to undermine russia . '', 
  the eu may visit opposition members in russia 's duma because some of them are liberals that the eu wants to try to reach out to , to help change the unipolar revisionism that is in putin 's party . 
   it 's their choice its russia 's choice to visit eu delegates while its the eu 's choice to visit russian opposition .
