yeah , watch them join nato and then * successfully * assassinate him . 
  how the hell do you think donald trump is going to handle a small nato country like montenegro being reproached by russia . 
  more or less likely yes . 
  although maybe we could do something like a ` single market ' eu army membership , where full blown members get access to joint eu military research and development and deducted military equipment . 
  i agree with you , its basically in the finnish psyche to follow * sisu * and pretty much if we had to defend our country against any threat , 95 % sure it would be from the east . 
  while germany currently has a more different attitude for military action due to wwii . 
  russia intervened in ukraine because it was seeking closer ties with western institutions . 
  if finland for example decided to take it to the next step , by joining western security organizations such as nato , do you not think russia would intervene ? 
  dude , if nato stood the test of time through the cold war where russia was 3x stronger than it is now , no doubt nato would intervene to protect its memberstate . 
  without the protecting nato members , the whole alliance system is gone . 
  and you seem to forget that germany , france , and the uk all have military budgets sizable to russia , and the us overblows russian spending at an even greater rate . 
  china 's playing it right by worrying about the money and not geopolitics . 
  seeing that china remained neutral on the whole ukraine/crimea issue , doubtful china wants to take a bullet for russia . 
  yeah , every time some new shit happens on / r/worldnews involving russia i immediately go there . 
  nordstruck, 
  the world 's sandbox . 
  well dude , you need to give a better reason than `` they hate each other '' , japan and china hate each other , they are n't at war . 
  coincidences do n't mean anything unless you have valid evidence , not some conspiracy theory . 
  during the coup elements of the navy and air force participated in the pro-military faction . 
  and the so called purge of the military which involved dismissing several hundred generals and other high ranking officers along with several thousand personnel . 
  its no surprise that the airforce , which mainly was active in the coup would be purged along with other elements in the armed forces . 
  tell me exactly , what would arresting the pilots who shot down the russian jet accomplish ? 
  it would n't bring russia 's jet back , it would n't make the whole incident seem like it did n't happen . 
  it would make much more sense for the high command that ordered the shootdown to be arrested than a pilot who was following orders . 
  turkey can absolutely leave nato . 
  what makes you think it would cause a conflict with greece ? 
  i do n't see what are you trying to imply . 
  if you simply think erdogan is just going to kiss ass to get on putin 's good side then you are wrong . 
  there have been no * concessions on turkey 's part . 
  turkey is still apart of nato , still allows us planes to fly out of turkey and hit syrian targets , still wants to depose assad , has n't coordinated any military action with russia in concerning syria . 
   sure they were . 
  do n't you find it a very convenient coincidence ? 
  well the pilots that were involved with downing the russian jet were later arrested for [ involvement in the coup ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/turkish-pilots-who-downed-russian-jet-arrested-over-coup-plot-erdogan/ ) against erdogan . 
   `` two pilots who were part of the operation to down the russian su-24 in november 2015 are in custody '' over links with the failed coup , a turkish official told journalists . 
  and a warming of relations between russia and turkey does n't mean turkey will bend back over chest for russia , turkey still wants assad deposed . 
  it appears that both sides are ` accidentally ' bombing each others ground forces , ( who are of course the poor people of syria and not actual ground forces of outside personnel ) . 
  so a possible scenario is country x is bombing or threatening to bomb ground forces of y country , therefore country y may be obligated to protect `` its sides '' forces . 
  a good example of this situation is the turkish shootdown of a russian jet . 
  the ` official ' story was that a russian fighter crossed into turkish air space ( which it did , but only penetrated for less than a minute , which is n't a real threat ) and then turkey sent its own fighters and downed one russian fighter while the other retreated . 
  the casus belli for this is russia was probably bombing pro-ethnic turkish rebels near the turkey border and turkey of course got pissed at this and decided to use lethal action to protect the people their supporting . 
  aland islands is the child where finland has custody over, 
  na mate we 're just staring at our shoes hoping no one starts a conversation . 
  finland is sitting in the bar staring at its shoes . 
  no stop sweden, 
   `` a country '' welcome to belgium everyone, 
  you still did not show anything that is significant . 
  you realize you can still be pro-lgbt rights and not necessarily agree with the stance . 
  tim kaine in example has personal beliefs that women should n't really get an abortion , but he takes the pro-choice stance believing that women should have the ** right ** to do it anywhere . 
  ** nowhere in that convo does it even directly mention this has anything to do with clinton and lgbt marriage rights , plus this is a third party source as its not clinton directly saying it . 
  ** http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2015/jun/17/hillary-clinton/hillary-clinton-change-position-same-sex-marriage/ politifact also shows that this is n't new information , clinton came out in favor of same sex marriage in 2013 , and barack obama did as well in 2012 . .  and did n't all that mess in ukraine happen while clinton was still secretary of state ? 
  why would you want someone in charge to control that situation when it began under their watch ? 
  so how did clinton start the ukraine mess when the us was n't even specifically involved . 
  on the other hand donald trump has specifically said he would n't defend nato allies . 
  i did n't find anything really incriminating about lgbt in that leak . 
  i asked you to please specifically show in which section i 'd prefer to have a us president that actually has the experience , rather than let eastern europe be annexed by russia again . 
  can you please specifically source me to that section of wikileaks ? 
  one could say the same thing about donald trump , maybe hes lying about wanting to ` make america great again ' and just wants to promote his business title . 
  i 'm not an expert on american politics but i assume there is a ** general consensus that you should n't degrade women and brag about sexual assault ** between both of your national parties . 
  gay marriage in the us and other parts of the world is a polarized issue between liberal and traditionalist parties . 
  donald trump was caught on tape bragging about how he can use his power for sexual coersion against women , thats not the same as stating as a political position that are you are against same-sex marriage . 
  its not the same as calling a lgbt a derogatory term and degrading them . 
  so when donald trump changes his views within a 5 minute period its called `` adapting to the times '' yet when clinton does it over a several year period its called flip flopping ? 
  yeah , except we share the biggest border out of any european country with russia and we do n't intend on being the next flashpoint . 
  atleast you guys have leverage because you are a big , proactive , and powerful country , us smaller nations do n't have much weight thrown behind our words due to our population size . 
  you still have not proposed how we would fill the personnel gap if we remove conscription . 
  like i said , conscription is a big part of our deterrence , and one could argue due to ukraine 's conscription its deterring russia from a full scale invasion of ukraine . 
  even now the war in donbass has mellowed down . 
  it does n't matter how much technology you have if you do n't have adequate personnel to man it . 
  truth is in war , the expensive material usually is always the material that gets destroyed first . 
  finland as it is already is still heavily outnumbered by the troops russia has stationed northwest in the leningrad area . 
  nice try swedistan, 
  social anxiety and being finnish come hand in hand . 
  [ you should see our bus stops ] ( http://depressingfinland.tumblr.com/image/101678983693 ), 
  conscription is apart of our military deterrence . 
  finland itself does n't have a very large military budget or daunting military complex . 
  when you talk about that we can still conscript anyone in war time . 
  conscription is apart of that , along with refresher exercises . 
  if we get into a war with russia , we are n't gon na have time to train 900,000 people in that time period , we 'd likely be taken over by then . 
  that 's why its important that people already learn the military skills now by going through a short time of conscription . 
  switching to a full professional force is n't going to automatically make people more likely to join the military . 
  in finland 's current economic state , its not likely that we will spend more money on raising wages for personnel and investing in more military hardware . 
  how cute . 
  notice that wikileaks declared the panama papers a ` false flag ' operation against russia . 
  even though the stuff directed at russia was n't that incriminating . 
  there 's a difference between random insignificant documents and actual big leaks . 
  well , if finland fell to the soviets and became a satellite state . 
  nazi norway and soviet controlled finland border each other , better yet precious swedish iron ore mines in which germany depends on are located in northern sweden too . 
  would of definitely dragged sweden into the debacle too . 
  well when you look at the [ map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4d/sweden_locator_map_1942.svg/300px-sweden_locator_map_1942.svg.png ) during ww2 i think its a little disingenuous to say all of sweden 's neutrality was due to smart diplomacy . 
  denmark , norway were occupied by the nazis . 
  iceland by the allies . 
  finland was caught in a grueling war with the soviet union and later was a co-belligerent with germany on the eastern front . 
  then obviously russia 's interests are exactly opposite of the members of european union , and thus this is where the problem is . 
  therefore european union countries are 100 % right to point out how often russian geopolitical interests are either a threat to them directly or a threat to the entirety of the eu . 
  yeah , russia did n't admit they blew it up , recognized they were in fault , or paid settlement . 
  at least there they admitted they shot it down ( and informally recognized that they did it wrongly ) and paid reparations to the family . 
  it is not paranoia . 
  russia has constantly used its power in the european oil market as apart of its leverage . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/energy_policy_of_russia#energy_disputes a big part of its revenue comes from oil sales from europe . 
  its in russia 's best interest for european countries to continue to buy their oil and be cooperative oil transit countries .
