this . 
  you ca n't expect from responsible leaders to give dodgy opinions about it , no matter what they actually think . 
  trump won and is now a representative of millions of people , who we have economoic and cultural relations with . 
  whether approve or like him or not , its responsible for heads of other states to congratulate him . 
  this is absurd . 
  i refuse to believe it . 
  i 'm curious . 
  what were her failings during the eurozone crisis and what about her economic ideas is so ` catastrophic ' ? 
  i like merkel . 
  what is so bad about her ? 
  i 'm not an expert on the specifics of her politics but she seems balanced and responsible from what i 've seen . 
  compared to all the orbans around , populists left and right , , or even the shitshow that is british politics , she seems a pretty decent european leader to me . 
  also , we need someone who works in yours and mine 's interests . 
  what does ` having vision ' mean ? 
  makes you wonder what 's going on in the heads of those 50 % erdogan supporters . 
  if a party i support starts mass arresting people and denying basic freedoms like speech , that would be a huge red light for me . 
  the article headline is kinda cheap and misleading . 
  it 's disapointing to see it from euobserver . 
  romanians are n't even first on the list , they are third , far behind the number1 spot . 
  i notice there is a anti-romanian sentiment around , since they export the most gypsies , and euobserver is just feeding into it with that cheap headline . 
  if bulgaria was abit bigger , we 'd be the n1 exporters of gypsies and there would be the same sentiment against us . 
  it 's just that due to historical and geographic reasons , gypsies settled in these regions centuries ago . 
  you got ta understand that gypsies in these places are the same problem as they are in netherlands . 
  majority of them separate themselves in slums , refuse to work , have higher crime rates . 
  so if someone somewhere finds a way to integrate them , he can feel free to share how it 's done . 
  but at the moment , social integration is a europe-wide problem and its not only gypsies . 
  the eu commision site that you linked says that ceta has been transparent from the start . 
  they even invited interested parties and ngos to help . 
  i got no idea of the specifics of it , but logic says that after the million trials of fire that ceta had to pass , there has to be very little , if any , that is wrong with it when it comes to consumer , worker rights and enviroment . 
  talk about quality control - eu commision brainstormed it , 28 + national parliaments ratified it , tons of media coverage , object of the public eye for months ( years ? 
  ) , ngos , lawyers and everyone studying whats in it . 
  seems like regional alliances are the new nationalism . 
  visegrad , tzipras trying to rally the anti-austerity southeners , now this . 
  what 's up with people repeating that the eu is a failed project . 
  if the eu is a failed project then i do n't know what the rest of the world is . 
  [ thrace ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2b/thrace_and_present-day_state_borderlines.png ) this is very dangerous since we already have a turkish minority down there . 
  some are turks , some are ethnic bulgarians and gypsies whose families took islam during ottoman rule . 
  but as far as turkey 's expansionist policy is concerned , muslim = turkish . 
  it 's been like that since ottoman rule when the borders of christianity were the borders of the bulgarian nation in the ottoman empire . 
  anyone who took islam as a religion ( either forcefully or by choice ) after 1-2 generations was already considered turkish . 
  this happened with not only bulgarians , but greeks and other peoples in the empire , its why you see so many blonde turks today . 
  sadly , cause of this , even some bulgarians today call the muslim minority in thrace only ` turks ' . 
  it 's dangerous , because crimea showed that its possible and we have a decent sized muslim population down there , who are already under turkish influence . 
  that 's a very naive way to think imo . 
  people in power , like all of us , do stuff cause it benefits them . 
  there must be some reason - part of his voters wanting this or some guy with money lobbying for it . 
  otherwise kaczy\u0144ski would be just plain mad . 
  it begs the question `` why ? '' . 
  why are this guy and his party pushing for no abortions when they dont have the public support for it , and it doesnt win them public support . 
  are they so religious that abortion is a thorn in their side ? 
  whats the point of pushing for a cleary harmful law that also damages their standing among voters ? 
  i know , right ? 
  the sad irony is that it 's putin with his authoritharian rule , that is the biggest problem and obstacle in the way of the russian country and people standing up for themselves . 
  i would n't be surprised if ukip gets it 's good share of financial support from kremlin , like marine le pen in france . 
  i 'm sure funding foreign nationalist parties is a good use of russian taxpayer money and ` standing up for your country ' . 
  as far as i know , after the ottoman conquest of the balkans , the turks were still not that many , compared to the large local bulgarian and greek population on the peninsula . 
  and even though muslim and turkic , they ended borrowing alot of the local culture and customs . 
  thus , you have an indo-european word for beer in turkey . 
  i was certainly surprised when a turkish guy in college told me that you guys use the same word for rakia ( raki ) . 
  russian media is n't biased . 
  it is state-controlled . 
  the government decides what people read and what they dont . 
  i dont know what is the guardian doing . 
  smells much like paid journalism . 
  stuff like this made brexit . 
  i read that as part of russia 's hybrid tactics against the west , they 're paying people to lie about being raped so the general public turns against the governments who let the refugees in and it causes instability that way . 
  here it is for anyone interested : http://www.atlanticcouncil.org/blogs/natosource/russia-s-hybrid-warfare-is-harming-germany, 
  it irks me that those allmighty `` eu regulations '' are seen as some evil that limits countries ' freedoms . 
  the regulations are there to protect mine and everyone 's rights as consumers , workers , in doing business , protecting the enviroment etc. 
  it 's not about retailiation or wanting to punish britain . 
  when a country leaves the eu , they lose the benefits of being in ( free trade , eu funding , etc. ), 
  after britain leaves , they would still want to keep benefits like free trade with the eu . 
  it is eu leaders ' responsibilty to show that you cant have the same benefits after you leave the eu . 
  otherwise every nigel farage out there ( insert your country 's nationalist/populist leader ) will make their policies at the expense of the eu . 
  and we saw where that leads - billions lost on the markets in one day , potential further disintegration of the uk , a country divided in wanting to stay or leave , etc. 
  when they say the mood is to punish britain , you have to remember that this is n't only about britain anymore . 
  it 's as much about the european union as its about britain . 
  the british have opened a pandora box and have shaken the foundations of europe . 
  brexit will bring and is already bringing harm to the whole eu economy . 
  a country leaving is a very dangerous precedent for the eu , now when there are anti-globalist and anti-eu movements rising in many countries on the continent . 
  a brexit today may mean spain or sweden having the same referendum tommorow . 
  this is now about the very survival of the eu . 
  eu leaders have an obligation now , to make an example of what happens when a country leaves the eu . 
  its eu leaders ' obligation to not try to soften the blow to british interests by signing favorable trade and people movement deals . 
  or it will happen again somewhere else . 
  a door has been opened and it 's endangered europe . 
  the whole brexit thing is very sad . 
  a bastion of democracy like britain has let populism and criminal irresponsibilty run rampant in their home politics and now many people will pay the price . 
  i still ca n't believe it 's true , but unless something like overwhelming protests against leaving or mass petitions for a 2nd referendum happen , we 're in for a painful exit . 
  sadly , thats true . 
  brexit and trump are products of the same movement - populism , nationalism , playing with the fears of low income and low education middle class ( making our country great again , foreigners are bad etc. ), 
  nope , i aint clicking that . 
  gave me enough creeps when i watched the episode . 
  i know communism is an economic theory first . 
  but its been put in practice in a ton of countries and on millions of people . 
  it has brought noting but murder and economic ruin . 
  what makes you think that murder and ruin are different from communism , when they 've happened hand in hand in every single communist country and place , every single time for the last 100years . 
   as a communist i dont understand this . 
  there 's been communism in half of europe and asia for a long time . 
  it resulted in millions of deaths , inequality , economic devastation and whatnot .
