  but i think we should be proud that we 're ones of the very few that reduced their emmissions in the last 25years . 
  it 's very surprising to me that developed countries with high standard of living like australia , canada , south korea havent managed to emit less , while the eu has seen a drop of 21 % . 
  lol , as always we 're the leaders in the `` dont know , dont care '' cathegory . 
  it 's better than hating on lgbt peps , but this mass indifference isnt a very good thing imo . 
  do you know the history of macedonia and how it was created ? 
  amazing, 
  thats not true . 
  the eu and us/uk are so intertwined economically , socially and whatnot , that any harm to the eu and its citizens is also harm to the us/uk and their citizens . 
  any competition between all of us is only in the interest of populist and irresponsible leaders , but its not in the interest of uk/us/eu people . 
  china is still a communist country . 
  we only see the face of cheap manufacturing of goods and big businesses on the east coast , but we have no idea what 's going on there . 
  the hungarian girl is very cute , but needs some body . 
  too skinny . 
  this is such a crime against his own people . 
  he basically tried to do a tiananmen square square on them , and if he had more power , would 've done it . 
  its one more example that those in power , who are `` pro-russia '' , are very much `` anti-their own country '' . 
  i love the quote from the daniel bernmar guy : `` the richer we become , the more we need to take advantage of that wealth in other ways than through a newer car or higher consumption . '' our productivity in the last couple of hundred years has never stopped rising , and it will continue to rise due to different innovations and technological improvements . 
  if you have more money than you need , do you keep buying new phones and new cars every 6months so you can spend it ? 
  there 's only so much that money can buy - our real resource is time . 
  and as wealth increases and when productivity can afford it - so should work day shorten and free time increase . 
  this is part of the atlas of prejudice , if anyone is curious . 
  you can google it for more stuff like this . 
  it 's curious to me that germany has a higher opinion of other countries in general . 
  the only above 90 % approvals are on germany 's map . 
  in other words taking money out of people 's pockets to fund his nationalistic and world power dreams . 
  i dont know how putin gets praised again and again for ` putting russia on the map ' , when its the russian people who are paying for all his whims and wishes , and they are paying dearly . 
  the guy is as much a threat to russians as he is to all of us . 
  if russia was a democratic country he 'd be gone from power years ago . 
  what 's so weird about that ? 
  when russia invades you and forcefully installs 45 + years of communism , that halts any development that you had , you might not be very happy about that . 
  people think that the progress differences between western and eastern europe just randomly happened . 
  we have to know our history , its 2016 peps . 
  i did n't have a good idea of those events . 
  that was very interesting . 
  thanks !, 
  that subreddit smells so much of someone paying to simulate activity , that its funny close to zero comments on most threads , yet new threads are made hourly . 
  on top of that its the best looking subreddit i 've seen . 
  yep , tottaly not funded by anyone . 
  we really need more and mass education . 
  too many elections get decided by rural and low-educated people being decieved by populism . 
  i 'm curious about that also . 
  california will probably blow everyone else out of the water . 
  so why is this guy saying something that benefits erdogan only ? 
  why excuse erdogan 's actions with the manipulative `` dont mind us what we do , but think of the people '' ? 
  if the guy was smart or real opposition he would use the situation to chew , burn down , trash any political legitimacy erdogan has , since its erdogan 's post-coup crackdown that forced eu 's hand and did all this . 
  and what is more , stopping turkey 's accession is completely the opposite of punishing 80million people , it is protecting 80million people . 
  if anything , the eu is safeguarding turkish people 's interests by showing to the turkish government that overthrowing the rule of law and disrespecting civil rights will not fly . 
  those that are losing from the situation are erdogan and his government . 
  they will now be known as those , under whom turkey 's eu accession talks stopped . 
  so what this guy is saying , is helping noone but erdogan . 
  that and the fact that he 's been allowed to exist as opposition amidst that massive crackdown of everyone and their mother . 
  it shows to me that he 's nothing more than a ` puppet opposition ' putin style . 
  it 's not about aligning . 
  it 's about the truth . 
  if you ca n't condemn a country that has invaded another one and started a war there , how are you fit to join the eu ? 
  you might be right about the origin of the word ` igoumen ' . 
  orthodox religious titles used by all countries were probably the same and i wont be surprised if they came from ancient greek . 
  but the town still has the slavic suffix - itsa or - ica in there . 
  a ton of names in slavic countires have it . 
  igoumenitsa means a female ` igoumen ' or a female abbot or the wife of the abbot in bulgarian . 
  it 's a slavic name . 
  its curious that slavs went so far south there . 
  sweden gon na have problems with so many muslims unless they 're integrated and ` under control ' . 
  nato or no nato , the us already spends a ton on military . 
  even in the years after the 90s when nato was obsolete , the us was still spending a ton on military . 
  it seems like military spending there is a regular part of the economy . 
  would eu countries taking a bigger share of the nato budget mean that the us will be spending less on military ? 
  or was it another one of trump 's `` they are taking our money '' ? 
  edit : for anyone curious , google gives me [ this ] ( http://www.investopedia.com/articles/investing/072115/how-military-spending-affects-economy.asp ) on what and why the us spend on military, 
  i got no idea , but i guess that 's one of the basic questions of a military alliance , organization , union etc. 
  ( or any organization for that matter ) we 'll have to see how 's its done in nato . 
  well , the sanctions are a fact . 
  everyone supported them . 
   the army being an entirely eu controlled force instead of being individual countries controlling their own forces not really . 
  do we have any info that it will be like that ? 
  and we all agree about russian sanctions - some may have different opinions cause of economic relations with russia , but in the end everyone supports the sanctions , cause the threat is the same to everybody . 
  do we have any info if an eu army will be any different from nato in how decisions are made ? 
  and despite having different opinions , in the end we all agree about russia . 
  security threats are the same for everyone - terrorism , russia , immigration , piracy , etc. 
  it 's the same with nato . 
  controlled by many countries , yet i dont hear someone saying that german people have been forced into anything by others . 
  this is why its called a military alliance . 
  all members ' interests are taken in consideration , all members have a voice and they come out with a common stance . 
  nobody forces anyone with anything . 
  why do we act like german people 's interests , especially in security , are different from mine and yours ? 
  if nato/eu army has made a decision , chances are it 's for the security of everyone . 
  the whole idea that having an eu army will somehow make countries lose soveriegnty in the area of security , is ridiculous . 
  and the eu is n't some obscure unknown insitution . 
  it is the countries themselves . 
  it is germany . 
  how is an eu army different from nato ? 
  does someone else decide for germany and it 's citizens if , when and where they send troops now ? 
  this is good news . 
  first step towards no more energy dependence on russia . 
  now if we could only elect a pro-bulgarian , instead of a pro-russian president today . 
  pretty much all of the printed media is owned by guy from the muslim party , who suddenly and inexplicably became rich among a wave of corruption . 
  you can say all of the `` serious '' newspapers are toiler paper - biased reporting in favor of the communists and the muslim party . 
  the big question is how do you improve press freedom , when all of it is owned and monopolized by some mafia guy ? 
  we 're way too bent on having absolute top grades in school , that it puts so much stress and pressure on kids . 
  i remember reading about north california having one of the highest suicide rates among teens ( despite being among the top in the world in quality of life ) , and pressure from parents to perform in school was cited as one of the reasons .
