  i think the most useful and important thing you learn in schools is social skills . 
  everything else - science , practical skills etc - you 'll be learning through college and your whole life . 
  european regulators should really get off their asses and do something about it . 
  the eu should slap them a fine a couple of times bigger than apple 's fine . 
  anything that vw and others contributed in gdp to the german and eu economy , they took back 10times in public health and environment damage . 
  big businesses like that continuing for years to make profit at the expense of people ' health , and having the audacity to hide and lie about it is criminal . 
  these are abit ghetto stats imo . 
  isnt productivity already called gdp/capita ? 
  whats the point of calculating `` productivity '' , while excluding unemployment ? 
  unemployed people still add to gdp via consumption etc. 
  the `` efficiency '' should actually be called `` slave labor rating '' and is nothing to brag about - if you dont pay your employees well , you 're an `` efficient country '' ? 
  if greece and serbia wan na surrender economic sovereignty to china - who am i to judge them . 
  oh wow , awesome job . 
  i searched the document name in the commission site , but results in only 3 languages came up . 
  i wish it was translated in all 27 languages . 
  i 'd print that in bulgarian for a few people around me . 
  i 'm not saying muslims are bad people . 
  i 'm saying the whole religion of islam is bad ( socially , economically , politically , morally ) and needs a reformation , in the same way christianity had the reformation several centuries ago . 
  there are `` some '' in every religion . 
  but only in islam its the whole religion . 
  but that was middle ages - we were also all super religious and christianity also wasnt exactly very tolerant then . 
  do you see jews today that are n't an integrated part of europe , that arent separating church from state . 
  do you see jews , that like muslims , are being so religiously conservative that it hinders economic and social growth and on top of that violently trying to enforce their religion on other people ? 
  only islam does that now . 
  whether he 's a nationalist , populist or biggot aside , i think he 's right to differentiate islam from other religions and he is right to link it to terrorism . 
  islam has a big part in many immigrants refusing to integrate and shunning european values . 
  islam is not like other big religions - it has n't passed reformation , it doesnt separate church from state , its super conservative ( restricting economic and social growth ) and promotes violence . 
  this doesnt boost my confidence in those organizations . 
  they are willing to close their eyes to ngos doing human trafficking , as long as those ngos are `` rescuing '' people at sea . 
  they are calling the italian code of conduct `` disastrous '' to ngo missions when the proposal aims to stop trafficking , not the rescue missions themselves . 
  it shows me that amnesty and hrw can be pretty irresponsible to say the least . 
  crafty corbyn trying to sweeten up the french eu brexit negotiator with a shirt of the team , whose coach is a french citizen working in the uk . 
  if it was n't that frankfurt , as everyone else , is also an overall loser from brexit . 
  ill go out on a limb and say that these arent long term trends for eastern europe . 
  not everyday you have a 45years-lasting totalitarian regime that crushes the economy , institutions and social morals , so that you have to start from scratch after it . 
  eastern europe has the unique chance to use eu 's experience and solidarity to build well-functioning economies and institutions . 
  if we do our stuff well , this mass emigration will decrease . 
  i prefer it to be a little more wild and untouched by human hand , but its still gorgeous . 
  its time for new rules for sure . 
  these ngos should be held accountable in court for what they do is basically human trafficking . 
  you cant rescue immigrants in the sea and just dump them in italy for no reason instead of sending them back . 
  what you are doing is at the expense of italian and european people . 
  these are illegal immigrants . 
  at the very least what these ngos are doing is irresponsible , or even more - its harmful and they should be subject to criminal proceedings . 
  im happy that the eu commission backed italy in putting new rules in place . 
  china invents their own gdp figures , on top of boosting gdp with useless construction projects . 
  just google china ghost cities . 
  remember that gdp means how much you produce , not how well you live . 
  so when the communist party pumps up enormous construction projects on the backs of a huge and cheaply-paid labor force , you end with with nice fat gdp growth number to boast about . 
  or it could be just gun companies lobby to get more profits . 
  because , can you imagine , right to a gun is not a basic right . 
  we 've already seen it in the us - manufacturers conveniently tie gun ownership to patriotism . 
  because only real patriots own guns . 
  europe must be better than this . 
  dat nationalism . 
  russia meddling in countries ' interior dealings is nothing new . 
  but serbia is supposed to be an eu accession country and is still poking stuff in macedonia . 
  i 'm curious how deep the influence goes , since the country macedonia is basically a serbian invention . 
  remember that corruption comes from a national level , it doesnt come from thin air . 
  the eu parliament is a just reflection of national politics , so its bound to have its share of clowns , biggots , nationalists , communists , lepens , farages and anyone who gets a few votes at a national level . 
  many , who would gladly spend money for personal gain and at the expense of the eu . 
  despite that , i think the article makes it look like a bigger deal that it is . 
  the meps are given 52k/year for expenses , which money they do n't have to account for . 
  its basically a bonus to the salary , that is supposed to cover office and other expenses that accompany the job , but some meps are n't using it as intended . 
  i think that 's a problem and more control of the money is always better , but i dont think this is some big ` corruption ' that should put a stain on the europarliament . 
  it 's up to the parliament to tighten the rules . 
  yes . 
  western countries have had dozens of carriers from as back as ww2 . 
  china just finished their first one last year . 
  that 's how far ahead in technology and resourcefulness nato countries are . 
  china just finished their first aircraft carrier last year . 
  the us has 10 . 
  netherlands and france combined have decommissioned 11 , the uk has decommissioned 40 . 
  and why try to talk in place of bulgarians and greeks ? 
  we 've probably done a ton of joint military operations together as part of nato . 
  i guess its true when they say that everything starts with the mind . 
  if you feel you need a bigger penis , that 's the least of your problems . 
  increasing defense spending for me is the biggest waste of money imaginable . 
  what could ramping it up from lets say 1.3 % to 2 % of gdp give , that western countries dont already have ? 
  they already have more that enough personel , better equipment , better technology , better r&d , better economy by miles than any possible foe . 
  not only that , but we are all in the biggest military alliance in human history , which is atleast 10times more powerful than any possible threat - be it china , russia , terrorism or cyber attacks etc. 
  not only that , but its 2017 - you dont need to deploy 3000 tanks somewhere , everything is won and lost by small tactical operations . 
  so why throw money to the wind , when you can spend it to deal with social , enviromental , economic problems , sustainable development , healthcare , education etc ? 
  the profit probly isnt too high either . 
  klek kinda means squat . 
  i dont understand those shops either . 
  if i had to guess , its people using their basement space to make some profit . 
  time for the commission to step in . 
  someone would say eu is meddling in national business again . 
  but a few logging companies are making a profit at the expense of natural heritage of the polish people , hell , natural heritage of all europeans . 
  this seems to be the oldest still standing buildings list . 
  you have the oldest egyptian building here in the pyramid of djoser , but the egyptians didnt live in tents for several centuries , and suddely decided to build a pyramid . 
  they 've obviously had towns and cities before that . 
  so you say that corruption is a problem in democracy where you can actually hold your elected representatives accountable , but it wont be a problem in a nondemocratic system where the ruling people dont give a crap about what you think ? 
  about populism and demagogy - its still better than not having a voice all . 
  voters just need to be more informed and responsible . 
  when is a nondemocratic government better ? 
  also , i dont understand how they say that democracy is some sort of a political system . 
  if you ask me it is the natural order , there are no alternatives - if im actually a free man i should be able to pick who and how governs me . 
  i guess its the same everywhere - a teacher is mostly a female career path , atleast in middle schools .
