  it has been the most murderous and anti-human regime that has existed . 
  nazis and hitler pale in comparison to the crimes of communists . 
  what makes you , an irishman - someone who 's never seen or lived in communism , a communist ? 
  we have to stop using gdp as a measure of wealth and well-being , but its still used almost everywhere to this day . 
  even the author here is talking about living standards , but using gdp . 
  it 's still a great article on the impact of the single market on all parties , i guess some brexiteers should 've noted that a year ago , but nope . 
  anyway , using gdp here was poking me in the eye . 
  nobel prize winner joseph stiglitz had said about gdp : `` what we measure informs what we do . 
  and if we 're measuring the wrong thing , we 're going to do the wrong thing . '' for anyone curious : https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2016/04/beyond-gdp-is-it-time-to-rethink-the-way-we-measure-growth/, 
  wow , that was amazing . 
  i said directly . 
  brexit is all about a partial breakup of the eu . 
  99 % of its impact is on europe and great britain . 
  whatever impact - economic , political , security-wise it has on the us , it it tiny . 
  so yes , trump is meddling with stuff that is harming his supposed biggest ally and closest economic , cultural partner - europe . 
  i feel like i have to explain basic stuff . 
  ofcourse juncker and the parliament have the moral right to do it . 
  brexit affects them all , it affects the eu , it affects the scotland side , it affects the economies , politics , social aspects . 
  one country is leaving the eu , while another is trying to keep its ties with it . 
  they all have the right to ` have meetings ' and ` recognize scotland 's vote '' . 
  meanwhile , brexit doesnt directly affect trump or the us . 
  he doesnt have a horse in the race , yet he 's meddling with it . 
  the eu isnt actively promoting scotland leaving , scotland decide themselves and realise whats best for their country . 
  eu is willing to accept them with open arms but is not working to influence their decision . 
  meanwhile the white house issues a statement that trump `` is a leader on brexit . '', 
  when the us president puts out such statement , it is pure endorsement , support , work to influence the brexit decision . 
  so its not the same thing . 
  what does eu supporting vucic mean ? 
  eu works with whoever the elected leader and government is . 
  towards achieving the needed criteria to join the union - better institutions , which guarantee rights and the rule of law etc etc. 
  are european politicians endorsing vucic or is his party part of some eu party ? 
  how is the eu supporting him ? 
  in the end the eu can only do so much to protect your and mine rights and freedoms . 
  it 's still only a union of sovereign states . 
  i ca n't pretend to know all the tools that the eu has - it 's mostly reports and monitoring on state of the country i guess , in more extreme case they can cut your eurofunding . 
  in the end all of us are sovereign states . 
  if it 's gon na happen , it 's gon na happen with smart voting and establishing good institutions that protect your and mine rights and freedoms , and the rule of law . 
  we joined the eu during our probably most corrupt government in modern history - the triple coalition . 
  i imagine on that day there have been a lot of hugging between eu politicians and representatives and our own communists and turks . 
  ( triple coalition was communists , turks and the party of the former king . ), 
  but in the end the eu can only work with who we be elected . 
  cleanly or not . 
  i like to think and i 'm sure that whatever criteria to join we decently fulfilled , it 's was on the backs of thousands and millions of working people in the years going to that . 
  not because of a corrupt triple coalition , whose sole purpose was swallowing budgets and eating public money , that we happened to somehow elect during the year of our joining . 
  the eu can help and guide the process , but again in the end it 's up to us to vote smart and fight , work towards good institutions . 
  i see . 
  thats cool info , thanks, 
  thats very interesting to me . 
  do ukrainians follow bulgarian elections specifically or its just eu elections in general to see where the wind blows when it comes to russia ? 
  hence its nationalist supporters that are doing it and not the official authorities . 
  its hard to justify it if the authorities do it in a democratic country . 
  ethnic turkish parties are only part of the problem , its their big brother and coalition buddies , the communists that threaten to become the ruling party once again , thats the issue . 
  together , those parties have done enough harm to bulgaria to last a while . 
  yet there are still tools who vote for them . 
  fingers crossed we dont somehow elect them again tommorow . 
  yea . 
  i 've always found it cynical , disrespectuful , sad , un-repentful and whatnot , to celebrate it as ` the day of victory ' when the whole world pays respects to the victims of ww2 on that day . 
  but i guess the political system in russia to this day is still based on nurturing strong patriotic and nationalitic feelings in people and keeping that `` us vs them '' mentality . 
  man , that serbian nationalism . 
  what the hell , its 2017 . 
  you guys are in eu accession talks . 
  at some point you 'll have to admit to historical faults . 
  great post . 
  most of the problems , as usual , come from prejudice and lack of knowledge . 
  no shame . 
  these two are saying this and getting ready to make a government on the backs of the ethnic turkish party . 
  hundreds of busses with voters will come from turkey next week and the party of these two ( bsp ) relies on it to make a government . 
  bulgaria 's problem is that its gon na reelect the communists ( bsp ) for the 6th time in the last 25years . 
  then we gon na ask why are we the poorest in the eu . 
  which other eu country has their own renamed communist party in power 25 + years after the fall of communism ? 
  staying doesnt involve a huge economic , political , social change that could cost billions to the country , leaving - will . 
  thats why it needed to be approved unanimously , not by a mere couple % difference . 
  in matters like this , 52-48 cant be a decisive majority . 
  if you have to elect a leader or government - the one with the small lead gets elected , since you have to elect someone . 
  but for a decision like brexit , where its not necessary to have result asap , you have to have total and unanimous public approval before you act on it - atleast a good 65-70 % or 80 % of the people must be in favor of it . 
  making such decision after an approval of just 52 % , especially when the other half of society is strictly against it , is acting against the will of half the country . 
  52 % is not a majority . 
  calling 52 % a majority is basically ignoring and disrespecting the vote of half the uk . 
  it was a bad referendum system . 
  i dont know why we act like a few percent was a significant enough lead to give anyone a mandate to act on the matter . 
  i dont really follow dutch politics and i 'm curious . 
  how did this affect wilders ' chances ? 
  we cry about terrorism , crime etc , but they are nothing compared to idiotism like this . 
  everything else pales in comparison to the number of victims of road traffic accidents . 
  if those scrubs wan na murder themselves - i got no problems , but they will murder someone else . 
  we need very tough laws on this . 
  it shows a score of 38 for turkey when i checked it : https://freedomhouse.org/report/freedom-world/freedom-world-2017, 
  we 've got no billionaires , but we 've got enough millionaires who 've made fortune on grabbing public money . 
  the `` socialist '' party is pretty much made up of such millionaires . 
  the guy from cambridge analytica explains it himself how do they do it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8dd5avxlcc, 
  we 've come to the point that you do n't need to be a specialist to have a good idea of ceta . 
  all you need to know is that it passed a million trials of fire and survived . 
  everyone and their mother has seen it , studied it , went through it - eu commission , governments , regional and national parliaments , ngos , civil , environment , work rights groups , lawyers , entrepreneurs , media blasting about it . 
  hell , it 's been published online for anyone to read . 
  after months and years of such public attention and scrutiny , to not believe that ceta is clean in regards to your rights and safety , is to not believe in people and modern institutions . 
  thats my logic on the deal . 
  good job man . 
  that 's not true . 
  china puts out 10.967 mil tons of co2 with a population of 1.3 bil , while do eu puts out 3.470 mil tons per 510mil people . 
  we may not be at the top , but we 're still big polluters .
