  thanks to the italians and irish for sending so many immigrants , and not murdering us for those that call themselves irish and italians . 
  i 'm sure there are more that i 've forgotten , but still , thanks all the same . 
  the us would n't be the same without other nations . 
  there 's really no reason to be scared . 
  the russians would have nothing to gain from declaring war on the entire nato . 
  and for your tank point , this is n't wwii . 
  we have icbms , stealth bombers , stealth fighters , and god knows what else that we could use in true desperation . 
  this massive war would n't happen , and if it did it would end fast . 
  do n't listen to the other guy , a full-scale russian invasion of nato would be suicide on their part . 
  though the us has just ~ 65,000 troops in europe , we live in a nuclear , massively destructive age . 
  the nato 's air force alone could deter the russians from invading , and if worst comes to worse could bomb the russians into the ground . 
  of course the one irish area in the caribbean is destroyed by a giant volcano . 
  the luck of the irish lives on ... 
  michelle is not having * any * of that shit . 
  king cnut for prime minister !, 
  i understand everything other criticism of the us and firmly believe the ussr was the major victor , but i do n't get this one . 
  the us had no obligation to help europe , and no obligation to be global policemen . 
  the usa was in the midst of the great depression , 6,000 km away from germany , usually stuck out of european affairs , and was not a part of the league of nations . 
  and yet the us still provided things like destroyers for bases , and later the lend lease act before they joined the war . 
  the us was n't the global power it is today , so why did we have to come in and clean up for the failures of the allied powers ? 
  also the comparison to the ussr is just silly . 
  we did n't conquer european nations and ally with the nazis . 
  to be honest , i do n't feel like it has changed . 
  maybe the proportions of each group ( far-right , far-left , the brits , the pro-eu , etc. 
  ) have changed slightly , but popular sentiment seems to flip depending on the thread title or time of day . 
  sometimes you see 100 upvote anti-immigrant stuff in one thread , sometimes 100 upvote posts accusing them of racism in the other thread . 
  the whole sub seems like it has got a lot more posts a day though due to size , which is nice . 
  grammar counts as a way of pissing off / r/europe . 
  `` as an irish-american , i think religious immigrants are great for europe ; did n't europe get better from all the christian americans there after we won wwii for you ? '', 
  i do n't understand why people say that the americans came late . 
  they had no governmental obligation to aid the united kingdom , and were in the midst of a massive economic depression . 
  oh it was just a joke , nothing against hungarians . 
  janos neumann 's a really interesting guy . 
  they 'd say they do n't agree , and they 'd like it to remain in france . 
  vive la france . 
  sometimes anger can last centuries . 
  there are still southerners in the us who hate the north because of the civil war . 
  europe may have just ended up much more peaceful than they imagined earlier . 
  sorry estonia , you and finland are forever banished to live with the [ hungarians ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uralic_languages ) . 
  yeah , these two random minority party members in the lower house mean literally nothing . 
  calls like this about all sorts of people likely happen all the time . 
  yeah , i 'm in a chicago suburb , and it 's pretty damn rare to see people smoke . 
  even in the past ~ 10 years i feel like i 've seen a decline . 
  i remember seeing a kid at the high-school smoking , and i was baffled they were n't just smoking weed instead , if there were going to do that at all . 
  how better to keep the euro safe than a merkel-bismarck class aircraft carrier ? 
  i 'm sure that given enough r&d funding , we could have a flying boat carrier . 
  yeah , it 's a silly argument . 
  it 's either genocide and colonization , or dictatorship and oppression . 
  neither should 've happened . 
  it was n't , but they were certainly shooting for somewhere in the vicinity : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generalplan_ost#phases_of_the_plan_and_its_implementation, 
  well , the whole , `` i 'm irish '' thing is a relic of when it used to mean something , back in the late 1800 's and early 1900 's . 
  irish-americans were kinda their own ethnic group , and voted in blocks , stayed together in irish neighborhoods , and made irish-only gangs . 
  but despite early discrimination , things like not having their own language made them integrate pretty fast , and are pretty damn mixed in now . 
  it 's pretty much just an old pride thing , and remembering the irish by their effect on their towns and traditions etc. 
  though for some old catholic families on the east coast , and some tiny areas in boston , they still kinda see themselves as irish , most famously when the ira got some funding from the boston area . 
  yeah , i think it rings more true with internet discussion though . 
  i usually see people yelling about how all their leaders are bastards , but when people from other countries criticize them , people get mad . 
  that 's probably true for all anglosphere countries . 
  man , this one should have a post of its own , it 's a really neat document , and still rings pretty damn true . 
  i love all the ones that are still very much relevant :  you can rub a britisher the wrong way by telling him `` we came over and won the last one . '', 
  each nation did its share . 
   in the pubs you will hear a lot of britons openly criticizing their government and the conduct of the war . 
  that is n't an occasion for you to put in your two-cents worth . 
  it 's their business , not yours . 
   once again , look , listen , and learn before you start telling the british how much better we do things . 
  they will be interested to hear about life in america and you have a great chance to overcome the picture many of them have gotten from the movies of an america made up of wild indians and gangsters . 
  when you find differences between british and american ways of doing things , there is usually a good reason for them . 
  huh , i looked it up , and it says that the word genocide was created specifically to classify the armenian genocide . 
  here 's the guy that coined the word `` genocide '' - `` i became interested in genocide because it happened so many times . 
  it happened to the armenians , then after the armenians , hitler took action . '', 
  well , genocide is also the destruction of an ethnic group or a culture , as said by the inventor of the term , `` he saw this genocide as a two-stage process , the first being the destruction of the indigenous population 's way of life . 
  in the second stage , the newcomers impose their way of life on the minority group . '', 
  so it may not have been systematic as much as nazi germany , but the us gov still set up schools to re-educate natives to destroy their culture . 
  it 's still 239 years , and including the british , it 's 400 + years . 
  sure it 's not millennia stretching back to the roman empire , but saying we have no history is just a pointless insult . 
  the us has been very connected to modern europe . 
  what about things like the indian removal act ? 
  or forced relocations of entire populations , penning indians into smaller and smaller territories and committing massacres on their populations ? 
  sure , disease killed most of the natives , but we did n't really mind killing the rest : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/indian_massacre . 
  you can go to any indian reservation now , and see the barren deserts and poverty they are left with . 
  oh , the american genocide of natives is very much shoved in our faces . 
  in every history or social studies class every taken in my education in the us , there was nearly always a mention of crimes against natives , and that it was horrible . 
  we have no history ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  we 're certainly not as old as something like france , but it 's not like we just appeared the other day . 
  no , there 's no `` oppression olympics '' . 
  you suffered equally , both against crimes against humanity of people who wished to remove every bit of your history from the lands that they once occupied . 
  and that 's * exactly * how the armenians feel !, 
  you both had your massive deportations and killings , destruction of historical relics , and religious destruction . 
  all i 'm saying , is that the turks need to recognize both . 
  because as of right now , the active denial of equal armenian makes people too angry to realize the other truths , that both turkey and armenia are refugee states . 
  yeah , even tolstoy noted that many orthodox christians just did it due to social norms . 
  something that is probably true for most of these numbers . 
  i 'm sorry , but you ca n't go and say that you suffered more than the armenians . 
  that 's like saying [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flight_and_expulsion_of_germans_%281944%e2%80%9350%29 ) means that the germans suffered more than the jews . 
  certainly it 's horrible as well , but that 's the consequence of war . 
  this genocide olympics does nothing , and still shows that their is a clear denial of the armenian genocide . 
  ranking genocides does nothing but push away from blame . 
  as an american , we constantly remind ourselves of the genocide of the natives . 
  that does n't mean that anything bad that is done to us is unimportant .
