wait , are you joking now ? 
  because i do n't think fascism is something that can proved through math . 
  but the french revolution did n't do that peacefully either . 
  it was 25 years of war across europe, 
  the arguments i 've heard have two examples : despite france and the uk 's declaration of war , they did n't actually invade germany , despite it being nearly unguarded in the west during the invasion of poland . 
  the second one is that after wwii , poland was made a puppet state of the soviets , and abandoned by the west . 
  i frankly think this one is a bit of a reach , since poland was n't worth a global nuclear wwiii against the strongest land power on earth . 
  god , mitchell and webb are so great . 
  spanish is much , much more useful in the americas than in europe . 
  unless you 're going to madrid , everyone and their mother will know more english than spanish . 
  sorry man , we do n't speak mongolian . 
  oh it probably would n't taste bad , it 'd just kill you inside . 
  i just do n't understand the use of post flairs beyond correcting or clarifying a post title . 
  i.e : ( satire ) greece sells crete for bailout funds or ( opinion ) the euro is literally collapsing what is the purpose of a `` controversial '' flair ? 
  to warm you up for the discussion ? 
  to say that the post is probably about immigration ? 
  these are all things you can infer from the title and comment number . 
  if you are kinda curious though , it 's a little bit bigger than [ rwanda ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qwarnth.png ) . 
  though the drc could fit nearly 52 estonias in it . 
  depp seems like the type of guy who would have more than one island . 
  just for the hell of it . 
  well yeah , that 's the thing , many people on here do like him , but he 's a pretty polarizing guy . 
  there are certainly many people on here that have very strong negative opinions on him , and i 'd say it 's almost 50/50 . 
  actually , according to [ this ] ( http://www.photius.com/rankings/national_iq_scores_country_ranks.html ) , they 're the same . 
  so no . 
  and it 's not like iq is some absolute all-important measure anyways . 
  eh ... this place is respectable until you get into a thread about a heated issue . 
  then the insults come out . 
  see greek , yugoslav war , armenian genocide , islam , immigration , or gypsy threads . 
  can you stop with this `` europe is superior '' shit ? 
  or you know , the people on here that would openly insult him in the ama . 
  eh , those are pretty dense . 
  no , america 's problem is that oil was too cheap and the car industry too strong , and we dismantled most of the intra-city public transportation . 
  and now we do n't even maintain our highways . 
  it looks like the problem is that it 's just kinda ... [ there . 
  ] ( http://www.all-free-photos.com/images/paris/im2399-hr.jpg ), 
  yeah , but wales has a distinct ethnic group and history , and is technically a country already . 
  us states do n't exactly have that excuse . 
  wait , what secession is the us blocking ? 
  errgh he 's like a naked mole rat . 
  yeah , i do n't know why someone would mention the genocide of native americans in turkey . 
  it 's mentioned all the time in us and canadian schools , and the government does n't actively pretend it did n't happen . 
  i feel like this has to be a very carefully planned shitpost , it 's just too spot on . 
  the funny thing is that i 've heard identical things from europeans about the us : 1 . ), 
  americans are horribly racist towards any non-whites , and as a result they all live in ghettos . 
  american drug laws are horrible . 
  people are thrown in jail for tiny amounts , and become life criminals . 
  americans are all super-religious , and thus things like gay marriage are punished en masse for being against god . 
  america cities are hellholes , literally walking outside in chicago will get you shot . 
  ^ now , if those things sound a bit over the top , it 's kinda the same with the things you put . 
  there 's certainly some truth in every one ( especially with immigration problems right now ) , but things are n't as catastrophic as you 've put . 
  the real takeaway is that europe is n't a single place , and especially with things like lgbt rights and abortion , things vary immensely between countries , and in smaller distances than in the us north-south divide . 
  i am curious though , where do you hear these things ? 
  or even which part of the country are you from ? 
  i live right next to a rich area , and i 've heard some of the same things . 
  well the us could first get puerto rico , and then you guys could be porto rico . 
  you have to say you 're taking the piss . 
  it 's an 100 % money back guaranteed blame remover . 
  those look like inter-war borders , probably the 1930 's . 
  they may just be calling the ussr russia . 
  wait ... that 's small to you ? 
  the size of a whole sub continent is quite enough for me , and that 's not even including alaska ( as barely inhabited as it is . ), 
  you hide indoors in the ac . 
  there is nothing more excruciating than walking outside after a rainstorm , and it being 43 c and * humid * . 
  i ca n't imagine being in the record 50 c weather . 
  ah yes of course , just like if germany was to invade france now for alsace-lorraine , it 'd be fine , since the territory would still stay in the eu !, 
  look , us industrial espionage is wrong , and french espionage is too . 
  does n't mean they should n't both be stopped . 
  so , what exactly are the main views of napoleon in europe today ? 
  i had no idea there was still contention around him until i saw an argument in every napoleon/waterloo thread . 
  looks like those low country dams finally gave way . 
  rip benelux . 
  you know , all the poles in this thread keep saying how `` insulted '' they are by the phrase `` polish death camps '' , but you should realize that 's it 's just as insulting to treat all americans like retarded savages who do n't understand the world outside of their front door . 
  in my normal , public school , the holocaust and nazi war crimes are very , very well covered . 
  the only people that do n't know these things will likely never talk about the holocaust in their lives . 
  americans certainly know that the holocaust was a result of germans , not poles . 
  the public school system makes kids read a crap-ton of holocaust books , and it is very clear by the end that the poles and other occupied nations were victims . 
  hell , maybe you 'll get lucky and they 'll start losing bigger coins now . 
  man , i was worried when i saw how frail he had gotten in the behind the scenes on the hobbit set . 
  i was hoping he 'd live to 120 and add another record onto his wall of achievements . 
  yeah , in the us it might be legal in those weird rural areas , but it 's not common spread or anything . 
  especially considering one of american football 's best athletes was shunned out of the league for beating his kid with a switch just last year . 
  those tiny bastards will answer for their crimes !, 
  i do n't think that 's really a problem for europeans . 
  but you might want to get that message out to the [ japanese . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paris_syndrome ), 
  nah , just pins it down within a. . . millennium . 
  close enough . 
  unfortunately there was only one gay guy , so the law has n't helped much . 
  yeah , there 's even an [ albania ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caucasian_albania ) in the caucasus . 
  it 's a confusing place . 
  [ hon hon hon ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d5/french_empire_1812.svg ) illyria , catalonia , low countries , and left bank of rhine all rightful french clay !, 
  as long as you 're not going to somewhere like central alabama , the land of the us is pretty beautiful , and the cities are nice ( though if you 're looking for real public transportation and nice pedestrian roads , you 're fucked . ) . 
  also frankly , the obesity rates in northern states like illinois are the same as germany and the uk . 
  thanks to the british for creating us , and becoming our closest ally for nearly a century . 
  thanks to the poles for helping the us win independence and helping crack the enigma code , only to be rewarded with destruction each time . 
  thanks to the french for the statue of liberty and the massive aid during the revolutionary war , we 'd have no chance otherwise . 
  thanks to the germans for your mass immigration , nasa , and hotdogs and hamburgers . 
  thanks to the dutch for revolutionary aid , and for speaking so much damn english . 
  thanks to the spanish for revolutionary aid .
