  are you telling me i 'm reading [ this ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/eu/countries/greece_en.htm ) wrong ? 
  i meant mine . 
  i just have to ask , was it that bad of a joke ? 
  but is n't it obvius that they need to reduce public spending and increase their tax revenues ? 
  have i completely missed the meaning of austerity ? 
  ( [ `` in economics , austerity is a set of policies with the aim of reducing government budget deficits . 
  austerity policies may include spending cuts , tax increases , or a mixture of both . 
  '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austerity ) ) this is nonegotiable . 
  i agree , when your economy is booming you should be building up a buffert that you can use when it starts looking dark , but greece did not do this and that 's why they have to actually implement the changes proposed . 
  yes most certainly . 
  in times of crisis it 's time for the parties to put down their pitchforks and work together , with a neutral leader , preferably a technocrat . 
   italy is not in good shape either . 
  they 're not indeed but since after monti reforms they 're looking better . 
  but finland is an extremely small creditor and political player , they do n't have the financial or political power to singlehandedly stop debt restructuring . 
  same goes for the other countries on germanys side , without germany none of these countries would be able to have any real effect in the negotiations . 
  but if that happens the euro will fall . 
  do you honestly think it 's just germany ? 
  when the finmins of latvia , finland , malta , slovakia and austria talked with the press before their meeting they all seemed more insistant on being very hard on greek . 
  fact : sweden was in it 's deepest financial crisis during the 90 's and went through moderately tough austerity and put in place a strict fiscal regime and now we 're one of the best performing countries of the union, 
  how 's that a coup ? 
  had he sent their broomsticks to athens maybe . . 
  but this happened in italy when they were on the brink of collapse , and now they might even start to see growth . 
  but they 've clearly said that once the reforms are done there can be talks of debt write-offs . 
  where ? 
  in sweden there 's no change in public opinion or from the media that 's for sure . 
   but it will have worse power than zimbabwe dollars . 
  ( there are paper cash in zimbabwe of 1.000.000 dollars ) the zwl is no longer an official currency anywhere and does not have any real value . 
  though the new greek drachma could get a similiar problem if none wants to guarantee it 's value . 
  sweden , italy , france , greece ? 
  i live in j\u00e4mtland and though i 'm not a native i can tell for sure that j\u00e4mtska is much closer to norwegian than to swedish . 
  also if you look at the [ language tree ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jamtlandic_dialects ) on the english wiki it shows it as subgroup of tr\u00f8ndersk . 
  ( oh and a few years ago some norwegians put up a sign under the `` j\u00e4mtlands l\u00e4n '' sign saying \u00d8st-tr\u00f8ndelag ), 
  no it 's shown but it 's shown as tr\u00f8ndersk . 
  j\u00e4mtska has historically been known as \u00f8st-tr\u00f8ndersk . 
  are n't most banks in estonia swedish ? 
  i do n't understand the question , we have id cards in sweden , and it 's quite a while since we were in a dictatorship and even longer since we were occupied . 
  well , kind of both . 
  they do n't want to join nato but if finland were to push for it i think that would persuade them . 
  i think that heavily depends on how strong the sweden democrats and the socialdemocrats are when that happens . 
  if the two of them together , along with mp and v , are in a majority i seriously doubt that we 're going to join nato without finland . 
   now any random policeman can decide that you get a 30k $ fine for any bullshit reason and the is no judge in the way to prevent it . 
  how ? 
  does n't rule of law apply in spain anymore ? 
  is this any different than that here in sweden you have to apply for a permit to hold a demonstration , which has to be approve by the police ? 
  huh , i thought most central banks was completely independent from political influence . 
  is n't the greek centralbank politically independent ? 
  well this could be really big . 
  but he combined all other countries outside of europe with their continental neighbours , why do you think it 's anti-american circlejerk ? 
  edit : wait who are you actually talking about ? 
  vienna , munic or trondheim . 
  they have their mexicans and we have our finns !, 
  why speculate when we have wikipedia ? 
  but the division is latin america and the carribean and northern america . 
  latin america is mexico . 
  high gdp . 
  very high . 
  i think most socialdemocratic governments have ruled in a minority with a passive support by the lefts . 
  ... and area . 
  one thing :  immigration ( not referring to freedom of workers , that should be mandatory ) and asylum rules should be for the member states to decide too as long as we have freedom of movement , we should n't have different policies towards immigration . 
  when sweden takes in 160 000 asylum seekers , they 'll pretty much all , except for those who does n't get asylum , be granted citizenship in five years . 
  after that they 're no longer only swedens problem . 
  . . and malta . 
  well we also have more trading partners then one :\\ ^ ), 
   also assault rifles owned by the military . 
  and they 're not included in the figure in op . 
   the fact that no one believes in the norse gods anymore probably helps too . 
  the wrath of odin will be your end . 
  implying we are n't ? 
  personally : rugby  handball  floorball  bandy  hockey  football . 
  nothing beats watching rugby , but handball , atleast when it comes to the good leagues and european/world championships and the olypmics , is a clear second . 
   anti-emmigration while i do n't doubt that they 're against danes emigrating , you probably mean anti-immigration , and immigration . 
  ... that it will be kiev aswell ? 
  thankfully that ca n't happen anymore since no migrants can get to sweden since denmark closed their borders aswell now . 
  damn , you stole mine . 
  in sweden we have some leftists that , for some reason , idolizes russia and putin . 
   to the extent that this is not enough i agree it should be extended but italy ( and others ) also need to follow the rules and register all refugees . 
  yes and ee countries needs to follow the rules and accept quota refugees . 
   i supported the refugee quota in the past but after seeing how many fortune seeker abuse the system their demands leave me cold . 
  i still support it just to show solidarity with greece and italy , hoever , it needs to be reformed , for example by kicking out everyone who does n't agree to their asigned country . 
  i think we should probably consider having an eu fund to allocating support to the poorer members so that they does n't have to cut down on their own social spending . 
  no , they 're now bulgarland , and their population are all descendents from the great buglars !, 
  you can own ar-15 's , and ar-15 clones , in most european countries . 
  i guess it 's all over now , we 're 3rd world . 
   africa is fucker either way , nothing new . 
  was there any hope for them it 'd become something less screwed ? 
  impressive ignorance . 
   the spanishs already do it for a lot of things because their country is very dry nowadays . 
  oh yes , i forgot about all those greenhouses in south sudan !, 
  we 're not talking about europeans , we 're all going to be fine , we 're talking about africans and west asians . 
   erh in theory europe 's one of the continents that will loose a lot of ground if the sea keep rising . 
  not the other way around . 
  so if anything , it 's a lot of europeans that will have to relocate some place else . 
  that 's a much smaller problem then increased droughts , different rain seasons , etc. 
  very few climate refugees would come because of rising sea levels , almost all of them would come because they can no more grow food . 
   if countries were permitted to police their own borders but funding for doing so came from all schengen nations then we might start getting somewhere . 
  yes because i 'd love to give money to much more corrupt countries !, 
   if germany or sweden approve residency for someone does that obligate other eu countries in any way ? 
   the rest of the holidays do n't are not really celebrated or noticed in any way except as extra spare time . 
  huh , we 've always celebrated easter in my family , as have my friends families . 
  valborg is much bigger where i live .
