  yeah , unskilled and uneducated people have no future in sweden , i 'm afraid . 
   great weather ca n't be great weather if it 's above freezing . 
  coastal sweden is n't very cold , you 'd have to go very far north for that . 
  now inner norrland , that 's where the real cold is . 
  but the surge in sd 's popularity is n't recent . 
   but i really doubt they consider countries like syria safe enough for return in any of the cases . 
  right , and we grant everyone coming from syria asylum . 
   there seems to be a multitude of reasons why sweden will grant asylum and not deport people who do n't fulfill the actual requirements for a proper refugee . 
  sure , but as my comment says , if they 're not granted asylum they will be deported , if you think that our laws regarding who gets asylum and who does n't are too lax is a whole other question . 
  if sweden is the first country they 've come to and they 're not granted asylum they will be deported , after they 've had a chance to appeal . 
   but if the applicant comes from `` dangerous '' country like somalia , iraq and so on they ca n't be sent back even if they 'd be rejected is this true ? 
  because it certainly is n't like that in sweden atleast . 
   the service industry are filled with unemployed swedes previously unemployed *, 
  one thing to remember is that the moderates , 2nd/3rd largest party , has said that while they 're for a nato-membership it 'll only come after the electorate is for it , most likely following a referenda . 
  the sad part is that a lot of the ones for nato does n't understand that we 'd still have to increase defence spending , nato-membership or not . 
  god this is so confusing . 
  i do n't even know anymore . 
  yes it seems that the source i used were wrong , since it shows belgium with 11 archery gold medals ... 
  ~ ~ pretty sure this maps shows the most gold medals won by a country in each event . ~ ~ ~ ~ or it 's just wrong for sweden since we have 104 , 27 of which are gold , athletics medals and `` only '' 81 medals , of which 28 are gold , in wrestling . ~ ~ edit : nevermind my original [ source ] ( http://demos.telerik.com/aspnet-ajax/sample-applications/olympic-games/medals-by-sport.aspx ) were wrong . 
  on [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sweden_at_the_olympics ) i get another , and the same as op , result . 
  that heavily depends . 
  you have to remember that boxing , fighting sports , wrestling , swimming , and even fencing to some degreee , all have a large ammount of medals being handed out . 
  are you trying to imply that all swedish parties are in the pockets of big firms ? 
  or what are you trying to imply ? 
  do you know anything about swedish politics ? 
  `` sie '' is latin for `` the greatest country '' and `` mens '' is latin for `` eastern part of sweden , who might in the future be an independent country '' . 
  we have the same thing in sweden . 
  the last ceo of teliasonera had to resign from his post after allegations of bribes in uzbekistan came forward eventhough he was n't even employed at the company when the alleged bribes were payed out . 
   who do you think funds the campaign of your politicians ? 
  the taxpayers and the parties members ? 
  how are your politicians campaigns funded ? 
  not likely , [ considering 58 % of the populace ] ( http://www.tino.us/2015/05/silent-majority-58-procent-anser-att-invandring-ar-for-stor/ ) believe we have too high immigration . 
  that 's the thing though , on municipality and county level we see some crazy shit from their representatives , moreso then from other parties , but on the national level they 've found a very competent and likeable group of individuals who 're running the party very well , much better then most if not all of the other major parties . 
  no this is not it . 
  we have a municipality in sweden called h\u00e4rjedalen , and there sd are amongst the largest parties simply because they want to abolish the samis right to hunt and fish on the lands that they herd their reindeers on . 
  this land is in general not owned by them . 
  and it 's the same atleast in the rest of j\u00e4mtland , probably atleast the whole interiors of norrland if not all of norrland , excluding g\u00e4vle l\u00e4n . 
  yeah because the ancestors to swedes had n't lived in sweden for thousands of years !, 
  same as the our ancestors then , we know that sweden was inhabitated before 10000bc , way before the concept of a sami culture was developed . 
  fascism is n't just nationalism . . 
   cites high ranking party members  you know that every single party has its fair share of nuts right ? 
  sent by stalin himself !, 
  he claimed that the hungarian government did n't pay what it would cost for the swedish state to take care of her . . 
  how about you adressing the points he 's making instead of complaining about a spelling mistake . . 
  where should they be then ? 
  in western europe ? 
   how would you justify to those people taking in 2000 illegal immigrants from syria and giving them free housing ? 
  semantics but : if they 're taken in by the government they 're not illegal . 
  it 's because there 's more then one of us . 
  hungary is the first country on the balkan route ( i think ) , besides greece , and i 'd wager some of them actually do n't care about if they get to sweden or hungary , contrary to popular belief there 's actually a lot of syrian refugees . 
  supposedly there came a batch of them from the balkans before the summer , i 'd guess most of them have been sold , and maybe even used by now . 
   i know , but we do n't have to tolerate it either . 
  i mean you ca n't promote killing jews1 ) 2 ) sure i can , i 'm unsure if i 'd get away with it though . 
   islam really needs to reform if they want to connect with europe . 
  europe ca n't cope with culture that discriminate half of the continent and promotes criminal activities . 
  agree . 
  why did n't they just show everything and tell the true story ? 
  what 's the problem with doing that ? 
  and since you 're going to accuse me of being a rightwing nuthead i voted for c and unless the policies of the parties drastically change i 'm going to vote for c or fp in the next election . 
  the swedish police is the one making sure that the law is upheld , if someone thinks it 's not it 's the courts job to decide if a law has been broken and what the punishment should be in that case . 
  you ca n't really imprison/fine a religion though . . 
   but protestants of commonwealth decided to align themselves with an enemy why would protestants align themselves with the defender of their faith ? 
  best part on the clip is when she tells a man `` this is sweden '' and he replies `` no this is n't sweden '' ... like what ? 
  it 's a joke, 
   it is republican concerns it 's not , this is an issue in both parties , though it 's particularily big in the republican party . 
  but they 're refugee 's fleeing from a civil war, 
  we do have our v\u00e4lf\u00e4rd unlike the brits though . 
  the percentage is irrelevant , i 'm saying that all of them who have the right education should be allowed to stay and be integrated . 
   that 's why i 'm against them coming here in the first place . 
  let us help them in turkey or anywhere else outside the eu . 
  i agree but let 's not forget that there 's people from syria in particular that could be of use to our contries , i know that in sweden atleast we have a large shortage of doctors and engineers , why not let them help us ? 
  i 'd say quite a big percentage , quite hard to get to australia/usa thoug and poland is n't looking very interested in accepting any , or just a few christians . 
  we did the same this spring and we 're getting fewer asylum seekers this year , should the trend continue . 
  clearly , i mean you do n't even got a swedish flair :\\ ^ ), 
   while you also have been heavily influencing the reasong why syria went to shit ... 
  in what way ? 
  we do n't have temporary residency permits though , the rest of europe does though . 
  they have among the highest alcohol and tobacco consumptions in europe , but they 're also the happiest people on the planet so i 'd say that 's worth it . 
  i understood that , i just meant that it 's a problem if the jobs are not official , this used to be very common amongst hairdressers and similiar jobs in sweden but when these people was about to retire they realized they 'd get barely any pension . 
  it 's also a problem if they do n't pay for the services they use . 
   other than that , the problem is that spain has a huge under-the-table labor market where you work for somewhat shitty conditions . 
  social security payments are very expensive for the employer , and that 's also another reason why this happens and why the 20 + % unemployment is not as high in reality to me this seems to be as big of a problem as having high unemployment would be . 
   greek tourism officials have done a great job this season in promoting tourism to eu during the crisis weeks when banks were shut down , they managed to salvage the season and hit all the projection goals . 
  do n't really think greece needs any more promotion when it comes to the country as a tourist destination . 
  virtually everyone , atleast in sweden , knows that the country , particularily the islands , are beatiful , it 's always warm and sunny , the people are very nice and welcoming , speaks decent to good english and the food is n't bad either . 
  and it 's cheap . 
  my parents and sister were to italy this summer and their vacation cost as much as our vacation to greece last year did for the four of us . 
  agreed , wish we had an event as glorious !, 
  [ personal favourite !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armistice_of_22_june_1940 ), 
  ] ( http://www.scb.se/statistik/ov/aa9999/2003m00/x11op0203.pdf ) '' `` dividing the swedish population into enthic groups is , with current laws , not allowed . '', 
  from scb , statiska centralbyr\u00e5n , the state statistics office . 
  yougov was one of the pollster closest to the real election results , why are you trying to discredit this poll ? 
   but that is because they count sexual harrasment under `` rape '' no we do n't , we do however have a very high report rate for rapes , according to br\u00c5 , board of crime prevention , almost all rape victims report that they 've been raped , unlike most other countries . 
  oh yes , so very different !, 
  sure , was just pointing out that it 's unfair to blame the eu, 
   there is absolutely no way i am going to support a eu army when i have seen how incompetent the eu is at addressing the refugee and migrant crisis . 
  but the eu is only as incompetent as the national governments allows it to be . 
  you have to remember that it 's not the eu institutions that are the ones failing to adress this issue , it 's the national governments . 
  agree , dutch is just way too cute !,
