  i keep hearing shit like the eu not being democratic , yet the eu ca n't make decisions without approval of democratically elected mps and democratically elected governments representing their countries , what more do you want ? 
   omg , close to 60 billion sek ? 
  soo much , remember the taxcuts the last goverment did last period for mainly rich ppl ? 
  yeah it cost 140 billion . 
  but hey that was ok , because it was for richies !, 
  a very small portion of the tax cuts under the alliance was for the rich , it was primarily for the middle class . 
  do n't spew any lies please, 
   or any other republican country in europe ? 
  sweden is an exception to the rule . 
  ah , the problem is ofcourse that we 're a monarchy !, 
  he 's not . 
  on stand-up comedy shows you 'll see every type of humor you can think of , but on the `` regular '' comedy shows you 're only going to see comedy that sells , and jokes about peoples hardships are n't generally well recieved . 
  that 's why you 'll rarely see jokes about unemployment too . 
   given that so much is taboo because of political correctness ? 
  there 's not so many taboo 's in sweden , and our comedians makes jokes about virtually everything , it all depends on his style . 
  well , sweden does n't , no american state does , i 'd wager very very few western countries allow that . 
  she wants closure , the media circus has severely impacted her life . 
  she was 13 . 
  a 13 year old ca n't give consent . 
  what 's wrong with you . . 
  it 's truly tragic how european countries are letting a child rapist run free . 
  it 's only natural that the hongkong-shanghai banking corporation does that . 
  but you 've lost all allies in the eu , some because of losses in elections , but most because you does n't even seem to want to cooperate . 
  you had the chance to influence the eu in your direction but blew it . 
   denmark , sweden , finland , northern germany : some weird ( post ) protestant thing ? 
  in case you want to say that eastern germany invalidates that , i do n't think so . 
  eastern germany was under communist rule for 40 + years , more than enough time to wipe out confidence in any institution  ca n't speak at all for northern germany , but scandinavia and the nordic countries has been dominated by socialdemocrats and their calls for solidarity for decades , it 's not that wierd we want to help our neighbours . 
  i know in sweden it 's mostly conservative muslims and christians , with a few elders aswell . 
  my personal anecdote is my grandpa who does n't think gays should be allowed to marry . 
  not that [ different ] ( http://atlas.cid.harvard.edu/explore/tree_map/export/ita/all/show/2012/ ) from the us i 'd say . 
  strongly doubt that . 
  they know that it needs to be done so at best they 'll just assign some investigations into the matter and everything will continue like nothing . 
  because the party officials are n't in-line with what their members want . 
  of those in cuf that i 've spoken with most want to force snap elections so that we can make use of annies likeability and our good policies to win votes . 
  look at kd 's vote regarding d\u00d6 , and what would 've been the upcoming m vote . 
  the grassroots and the members of parties does n't always think the party-line is the correct one , and from what it seems with those i 've talked with this is one of the areas where it 's not . 
  if you 're referring to immigration when you say ` the problem ' the center-party wants a liberal immigration policy , but you have to remember that a very large portion of us are neo-liberals , and would be working towards reducing government spending , including giving very low benefits to asylum seekers , so it 'd not be as large of a drain on state finances anyways . 
  but this is a issue that i do n't fully agree with the party line , i personally want to cut down on benefits to asylum seekrs , give temporary residence permits and make our policies be more in line with the rest of europe , bar germany . 
   i dont know where the sweden-friendly crowd has gotten this from . 
  i 'm a fucking centerparty voter and member , i do n't know a single fucking member from any allians-party that does n't want to force snap elections . 
  comment disregarded . 
  this agreement states that they 're going to be more aggressive with deportations though ... 
  three years , in september 2018 . 
  though it 's likely we 'll have snap elections earlier then that . 
  china basically only cares about stability on the world markets , a brexit would risk the little stability we have in europe . 
   libya - i do not think anyone claimed gaddafi was a nice guy , he was much worse than assad and is why western powers intervened . 
  is the situation better now in libya ? 
  debatable . 
  is the situation better then before the start of the protest ? 
  is it better then when the un intervened ? 
  more then likely . 
  yes there 's certainly not a single is member in sweden . 
  all i 've heard is that it 's a man in his 20 's so far . 
   and they refused to give any id is n't this illegal in denmark ? 
  i know that it is in sweden atleast . 
  but having a fence does n't work / s, 
  do you live in southen sweden , sk\u00e5ne and intilliggande l\u00e4n ? 
  because the transmission between the electrical zones of sweden are pretty bad , esp . 
  between zone 3 , 2nd most southern , and zone 4 , which includes sk\u00e5ne , blekinge and sm\u00e5land ( ? ) . 
  this leads to zone 4 getting it 's electricity from denmark in a lot of cases , who uses quite some fossil fuels . 
  meanwhile zone 3 , where all nuclear comes from , gets primarily nuclear power . 
  zone 1 , northern most , and zone 2 virtually gets all of their power from hydro . 
  i live in j\u00e4mtland , near a hydro plant , and according to j\u00e4mtkraft we only get hydro electricity . 
  edit : this is also the reason why zone 4 get significantly higher prices , [ see nord pool table ] ( http://www.nordpoolspot.com/#/nordic/table ) , something that 's also generated some heat from industry representatives in southernmost sweden . 
  just make a deal with them , give them a few euros and it 's fine . 
  good idea !, 
  have you ever heard about photoshop ? 
  also , we can ask rt to help us . 
  pretty sure it 's the opposite , no one should be declared guilty until proven otherwise . 
  what if we dont tell them ? 
  it is n't in sweden and we still see the mothers taking more time off then the fathers . 
  he 's entirely right though . 
  you can legaly own an ar-15 in sweden . 
  among many other weapons , my family got two shotguns and a rifle for example . 
  and i think vritually anyone agrees that a 2d political map does n't make sense . 
  the alliance between italy and a-h/germany was a defensive one and italy thought the war a-h entered was offensive , so they had no obligation to join the war on their side . 
  most of it disappeared after rut was implemented so it has n't been seen as a problem . 
  they had already decided before the agreement to put forth their own individual budgets the coming year before the next election , everything is honestly just going back to normal now . 
  how it works in sweden ( if i 'm not being mistaken ) : the government propose their budget , then any of the party ( or member ? 
  unsure ) of the riksdag may propose a budget for the country , they then vote for the proposed budgets , voting on all non-government budgets first with the one receiving the most votes advancing to the final vote against the governments budget . 
  and the winner of that budget vote is the budget that will be used for the coming fiscal year . 
   is this not the case in sweden ? 
  if so , who will vote for the government 's budget if they have a minority government and this pact fell through ? 
  so no , and the ones that will vote for their budget are the government parties , sap and mp , and the leftist opposition party . 
  now this could be wrong but that 's as far as i know correct . 
  that was decided before d\u00d6 however , and now they 're only following previous practice , i.e. 
  you only vote for one budget . 
   sweden being the most tolerant of everyone but the christians . 
  yes , but it 's not like we 're intolerant of christians , it 's only a difference of 3 % and all countries that are ahead of us are either much more religious , or danish . 
  there 's a buddhist temple outside brunflo in j\u00e4mtland , from what i know they 're very nice people . 
  they are , and i think it 's the second biggest now , after iraqis . 
  i took that as him meaning the opposition could n't vote against policy changes . 
  i 'd argue that 's part of the budget voting , and if we 're going to be petty it also included that the largest voting blocs primeminister would be let through . 
   this also opens up for the opposition to shut down the goverment in specific cases togheter with sd like s did against the alliance a few years ago . 
  d\u00d6 only included the budget vote , not regular votes . 
   everyone with half a mind knows the `` corruption '' thing is bullshit is it though ? 
  if you 're able to bribe romanian officials to get a schengen visa that would surely be a problem . 
  you 're incredible , i 'd upvote you but i do n't upvote trolls . 
   doubt renewables will at any time be the only power source , because they ca n't be and they need infrastructure , correct . 
  truth is that they can .
