why would the country suddenly be not part of the eu . 
  because the eu does n't have a memberstate named catalonia ? 
   they decide to be independent from spain , not from the eu . 
  do n't think that 's entirely up to them . 
   why not ? 
  it is beneficial to the eu . 
  seriously , why would it automatically be part of the eu ? 
  the eu ca n't grant membership to new states without approval of the rest of the members . 
   let alone try everything to stop catalunya . 
  first of all , why would a new country already be a part of the eu ? 
  and second spain alone can block the membership application , and several other countries including romania will more then likely do that too . 
  to be fair , these countries were under control of european colonial powers . 
   also they 're an entirely different country do you have a source on that one ? 
  politicians and sj representatives , i mean they give them free train rides to go to finland . . 
  it just shows that all outer borders of the eu needs to have it . 
   iirc , the sd has been the largest ruling party in sweden for the past 100 + years . 
  sd = sverige demokraterna , sweden democrats . 
  s , or sometimes sap = socialdemokraterna or socialdemokratiska arbetarepartiet , socialdemocrats or socialdemocratic workers party and s has been the largest party in every election in the post-war era . 
   your previous illegal time will be included . 
  [ no it will not . 
  ] ( http://www.migrationsverket.se/privatpersoner/bli-svensk-medborgare/medborgarskap-for-vuxna/tid-i-sverige.html ) the time in sweden has to be legal , if you are first denied put and then reapply and are granted it you 're only allowed to count the time after you got a yes . 
  wait why does romania get more then us ? 
  it 's this thing called trade , most countries like to do that with the largest market in the world . 
   having an official kurdistan will annoy the turks . 
  that 's not sure , the peshmerga and iraqi kurdtistan government have been allies to the turkish state in their war against pkk for quite some time now . 
  you 're not refuting my point . 
  iraq as a whole is n't an unsafe country , and iraqis are therefor not in general granted asylum in sweden . 
  if being gay is a threat to your life , as it is in most african and west asian countries . 
   iraq most iraqis are denied asylum in sweden , and are instead trying to get it in finland . 
  iraq is n't an unsafe country as a whole , just a shitty one . 
  same really goes for large parts of somalia . 
  considering they 're all rapists and murderers ? 
  probably just fine !, 
  because it 's barely a country . 
  the lack of source is why the `` do n't quote me on that '' part is there , i 've read it somewhere , ca n't tell you more because i do n't know more . 
  do n't quote me on this but greece already got a fence to the turkish land border and bulgaria is building one . 
   eh , turkey pulled a crimea and invaded cyprus when cyprus was about to have a referendum to unite with greece . 
  also the turkish - cypriot state is not recognized by anyone , not just cyprus and greece . 
  yes very sorry , i was a bit tired when i wrote the comment !, 
   greece and cyprus do not easily recognize new states and discourage secessions because they fear that it would create a precedent for drawing new borders based on nebulous minority claims . 
  in fact kosovo did create such a precedent that lead to the invasion of georgia and ukraine `` to protect minorities '' of course the catalan movement , or the italian secessionists are nothing like that but the balkan states have different views and priorities so in general will discourage any talk about independence movements . 
  i am aware of this and it 's also why i 've been a vocal opponent of the swedish recognition of the unilateral declaration of idependence made by kosovo . 
  and it 's also why i believe the west is being hipocrites regarding the crimea situation . 
  no that 's probably true , i 've not been to malm\u00f6 other then passin through to go on the bridge and onwards south , but in the parts of stockholm , gothenburg and j\u00e4mtland i 've lived it has n't changed much . 
  not by a lot , also considering the previous government lowered taxes for workers by something like 160 billion sek , which i think is right , it 's something that should n't have to burden social services and the likes . 
  from the random pictures of maps showing mine fields , i 'd say very fortified . 
   greece is also an eu member that does n't recognize kosovo , but i 'm not sure about it 's reasons . 
  same as cyprus ' reason , iirc cypriots are like mini-greeks , the greek-cypriots atleast , and that 's why turkish cyprus thing happened . 
  yes the socialdemocrats got over 50 % in one or a few elections , but i think they kept their coalition with the centre party once , too lazy to look that part up though . 
  ehm , okay ? 
  africa is generally not credited to being the cradle of civilization , that 'd more likely be mesopotamia , modern day iraq , syra , and the surrounding area . 
  because it 's just as relevant to the discussion ? 
  well that 's just your opinion , i have a different one . 
  i honestly think that it 's v4 that 's being unreasonable if anything . 
  i mean it does n't make sense for italy to be a net contributor if they do n't get any help with their problem . 
  i mean it 's not like germany would get fewer immigrants with the proposal . 
  where 's the calls for solidarity now ? 
  so what ? 
  it 's different firms with different polling methods . 
  plot twist 4 : that 's not how it works in most of europe . 
  most importantly , not in denmark . 
  ( or any nordic country ), 
   eu members have to follow legislation proposed by the commision and ratified by the european parliament . 
  commision also have executive power but final word has the council where national governments have veto . 
  as far as i know there is no way to order eu member anything unless the members state itself agrees with it . 
  this decision would only require a qualified majority in the council , so it currently looks like it 'd go through if neither side budge . 
  there was no center of the world before europe became it . 
  india and china were powerful , yes , but they were at the same time not of any concern or thought of for the rest of the world . 
  my father owns 3 rifles and one pistol , i 've never shot with them but i 've used other guns several times . 
  never seen a gun on the street , outside of holstered ones on police officers . 
  i 've heard that my part of sweden got more guns per capita then most of the us though . 
  we 'd send 2k gay men to scare them away . 
  but that 's not a win , my stupid little friend < 3, 
  remind me again who was on the winning side in the last war we faced eachother ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frlv3iyxwhy&amp;feature=youtu.be ), 
  sure . 
  [ form for application to swedish citizenship . 
  ( from what i know there 's only the swedish one ) ] ( https://www.migrationsverket.se/download/18.2bbf7de914c17a2ed26f1f/1427804695420/mbl_316011_sv.pdf ) [ in general you will have to have lived in sweden , with a residency permit , for atleast 5 years ] ( http://www.migrationsverket.se/english/private-individuals/becoming-a-swedish-citizen/citizenship-for-adults/time-in-sweden.html ) . 
  this is 5 years from the day you start legally living in sweden , when you move here or when you are granted residency permit , and if you spend more then 6 weeks outside the country that time is n't counter for . 
  living with a citizen may reduce the time you need to have lived in sweden . 
  stateless persons and refugees need to have lived atleast 4 years in sweden . 
  [ you will also have to show that you 've shown good conduct while you 've lived in sweden . 
  ] ( http://www.migrationsverket.se/english/private-individuals/becoming-a-swedish-citizen/citizenship-for-adults/good-conduct.html ) this includes : - that you 've had to paid taxes , tickets and similiar fees . 
  - paid child support . 
  - if you have any debts that 's made their way to the kronofogden , state debt collector or something like that , all of them needs to have been paid for and there need to have been two years since the last debt was paid off . 
  - any crime comitted may increase the time that you 'll have to wait to become a swedish citizen , from atleast 1 year after recieving the lowest possible fines to 10 years after serving a 6 year prison sentance . 
  ( did n't find anything for if you 've been senteced to a longer punishment but i hope that you 're then unavailable for citizenship , but i think you 'd just need to wait a longer time . ), 
  - s\u00c4po , swedish security service , needs to approve your application . 
  i 'm not an expert , i just felt like reading into what you 'd need to do , or not to do . 
  if anything is wrong i blame it on being a layman . 
  oh and this comment is n't meant as an attack . . 
   they are going to sweden because they get it faster there no they 're going to sweden because we give out permanent residence permits instead of temporary , eventhough it 'd probably not matter in the case of syrians and eritreans since those conflicts would most likely last longer then the time it 'd take for someone to acquire citizenship . 
  the eu is n't a federation like the us is . 
  while in the us the states are granted their powers from the federal government , in the eu the eu are granted their powers from the national , equivalent to your state , governments . 
   uk refuses quota . 
  the uk are n't even part of the plan , they have an exception to eu immigration policies , surely you 'd know that ? 
  i think you 're confusing hitler with stalin , the ussr might not have been a nice country post-staling but it was not the shittiest country in the history of mankind after stalin died . 
  how can the supreme court unilaterally declare gay marriage legal ? 
   is there an international presence over there ? 
  does how i met your mother count ?
