  i think we all know that it 'll be named helsingfors , 
  i see nothing wrong with this map except for the lack of latvia . 
  no , the court ca n't promise anything before it 's tried his case in a court . 
  besides , he ca n't be extradited if there 's fear he could be charged for espionage since he then could be executed , something that 's against european law . 
   that even the girls regret mentioning because of people like you . 
  while i certainly agree that his death is suspicious , the cia or the us does n't have any motive to off him . 
  if we 're to assume anyone but some african warlord shooting his plane down it 'd be former european colonial nations . 
  what ? 
  i was being ironic . 
  the cia obviously did n't blow up the twin towers , and does obviously not release chemtrails and it 's about as likely that the assasinated two swedish politicians for being a slight hassle . 
  i do n't believe any major conspiracy theories that involves the cia . 
   the eu did not recognize our no 's in the referendums . 
  what no 's ? 
  why did they blow up the twin towers ? 
  why do they release chemtrails ? 
  why does the cia do everything ? 
  the upperclass ? 
  the soviets did n't kill off the upperclass . 
  the thought behind it is that hammarskj\u00f6ld would affect the us ability to influence africa negatively or something . 
  it does n't really cover why a anti-colonialism country would care so much about his attempts to de-colonize africa though ... p.s. 
  i do n't believe in it . 
   the reason they want to avoid this is that they 're worried russia wo n't like it . 
  or because the nazi denial laws are also retarded and that we do n't want more stupid laws ? 
  man , stalin was a very bad person , but he was n't out to kill an entire `` race '' . 
  hitler would 've done exactly the same thing to the poles and other slavs if he 'd gotten the chance . 
  i thought hitler was only going to kill the jews , roma , handicapped and gays and then use the slavs as labour for the masterrace ? 
  that olof palme was killed by the cia . 
  that dag hammarskj\u00f6ld 's , one of the most loved swedes and former secretary-general of the un , also the reason why sweden is liked in most of africa , plane was shot down by the cia in congo . 
  so , while christiano ronaldo thinks the jews did it , in sweden we think that the cia did it . 
  we have 3 or 4 rifles in my family . 
  same in sweden , the dams we have today would never have been built today . 
  because low living cost and high wages ? 
   in sweden , we are technically a protestant christian country ( svenska kyrkan ) and there are some religion in school . 
  first , the swedish church and the state has n't been connected since 2000 and second , we 're taught about many religions in school , just a bigger focus on those who are the most present in swedish society , christianity , islam and judaism . 
  from where else would they come ? 
   french guinea ) were n't added either . 
  but french guinea is as much part of france as sm\u00e5land is of sweden . 
   the swedish ( - russian ) campaign against poland-lithuania that lead to the deluge saw poland lose between 33 to 66 % pretty sure they deserved it though . 
  i mean , they were catholic after all . 
  not yugoslavia, 
  consider that sweden got virtually identical laws regarding drugs as russia it 's not that wierd . 
  for once we 're in the ultra-conservative group . 
   uk banning encryption and proposing the porn filter other way around , implementing the porn filter and proposing to ban encryption, 
  i 'm pretty sure that it 's true for the nordics atleast . 
   snuck jews out of norway . 
  and denmark . 
  maybe you 'll beat them next time, 
  worth to note is that the nordic countries follows the nordic model and does n't have minimum wages . 
   and sweden did a lot of forced sterilizations against the native population in the north . 
  and in the south . 
  not anymore , but they 're by far the most powerful . 
   their electorate 's concerns about refugee it 's not much of a concern in sweden as of now , a majority is for reducing immigration . 
  `` real '' . 
  the norwegians gave it to him . 
  i was going to write a real comment but i couldnt handle someone that probably ignores a whole continent . 
  annually , yeah . 
   i 'm talking about the amount of locations globally . 
  still not relevant . 
  yes but this is a map of europe in a subreddit made to discuss european matters so how many locations one fastfoodchain got in the us does n't really matter . 
  no i did n't . 
  not in every country , definetly not in sweden, 
  would you be fine with swedish being the language that represents the finnish people in the eu ? 
  yes . 
  yes but not if yuo are of glorious master race !, 
   so if they changed the rule to ensure that at least one official language ( but not necessarily the national language ) of each country is covered , it would be easier . 
  but would n't finnish be droppen then ? 
  i mean they would already have to have swedish and since one language of the nation should be enough then they would n't need finnish . 
   first , scandinavians may speak reasonable english to buy in shops , give directions , and hang out . 
  that does n't mean they speak english to the point at which they can easily read ecj rulings . 
  obviously some will , but i doubt it 's the general case . 
  honestly this mostly stems from the diffuculties of reading legal texts in any language . 
  i promise you that a majority of swedes understand just as much of a written ruling in english as they do a written ruling in swedish . 
  and while it accounts for roughly 1 % of the eu budget , translation cost per citizen is still only 2,5 $ . 
  just make sure you do n't annex slovakia so that your over-extention increases your national unrest and i think you 'll be fine . 
  try to vassalize them instead and integrate them after 10 years . 
  they did n't the last time they tried though . 
  and this is not something wierd . 
   a european-wide instituted minimum wage ( that could be set higher by the individual states if they so wished ) would be awesome does denmark even have a minimum wage ? 
  i know that sweden does n't atleast . 
  or war reparations . 
  yes . 
  but there 's more people in the other countries if you combine them : ^ ), 
  then what is he doing on the internet ? 
  the people from islands north of france . 
  yeah , my bad . 
  i think i remembered wrong , but here 's [ a youtube series ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8imrcafjvqg&amp;index=21&amp;list=plb2vhkmbjsxmk8yelhj6vs6w3kxuksmvt ) where he talks about how germans disquised themselves as ottomans , asked by the ottoman minister of war , to drag the empire into the war . 
  the swedish goverment are representatives chosen by the people , is n't it the same in the rest of europe ? 
  the ottomans supposedly did in the wwi too . 
  no i 'm not . 
  these are privatizations already agreed to , the creditors wanted assurance that they would be made . 
   greece achieved a current account surplus in the second half of 2013 and has ( had ) maintained this until the bank holiday two weeks ago . 
  in other words , government income  expenditures since 2013 . 
  see here [ 1 ] and here [ 2 ] . 
  current account is n't the same ting as public spending-public income , that 's public budget balance . 
  and that 's what you have austerity measures for . 
  was italy , under the monti goverment , a nazi germany puppet ? 
  ( how messed up are you ? ), 
  who 's going to pay then ? 
   also regarding sweden , you missed the part where the swedish economy did not grow for nearly 15 years after you implemented austerity policies . 
  if you look at your pretty graph you 'll see that the year that we think of the end of the crisis , 1994 , we had growth the coming years untill the dot-com bubble .
