  arguably it could reduce interest rate on equally rater sovereign creditors ( assuming all other things stay equal ), 
  i take it you mean trade surpluses ? 
  if all the countries ran a surplus then others countries outside the emu would have to run a deficit , bear in mind this is not necessarily a bad thing . 
  for instance norway ran persistent trade deficits in the 1970 's as they imported machine goods to gain access to the oil fields . 
  their translation for iceland is ` ice island ' ? 
  those crazy chinese !, 
  i live in croydon in south london , its exactly the same . 
  you walk past a edwardian library into a concretet jungle . 
  so they do not occupy the north , they merely have troops there in order to protect the 150,000 turkish settlers that came after they invaded ? 
  this does rather smack of semantics , occupation can be a relative issue - i 'm sure catholics in northern ireland felt that they were being occupied by british troops in the 1980 's whilst the protestants felt the opposite . 
  i fully support turkey joining the eu , it is a beautiful country and i greatly admire its culture and economic development . 
  however creating a post which addresses those that disagree with you as the ` hivemind ' is unlikley to create a constructive discussion . 
  perhaps delete this thread and reword it as , ` does the stationing of turkish troops in northern cyprus impede turkish entrance to the eu ' . 
  just a thought . 
  generally speaking thats true . 
  i would say in the long term as we move toward a pan european government we will not have a pan european press to hold it to account . 
  hopefully this will reduce the price of venison , it is very dear right now . 
  i think there should be a president of europe elected by europeans . 
  if this happens the queen should definatly run . 
  putting aside the fact that they do support , encourage and facilitate the the production of tobacco with their general agricultural subsidy for all goods , the telegraph did n't say the commission was going to introduce more subsidies . 
  it said that meps have proposed an amendment to the proposal . 
  in fact it quotes the spokesperson for the comission stating that : * `` in this case there has been no such vote . 
  so no eu institution has proposed raising tobacco payments . '' *, 
  the europa website states that : * ` eu law is proposed by the european commission . 
  it did not propose to reinstate subsidies in its proposals to reform the common agricultural policy . 
  those proposals are decided upon and amended by elected meps ( 72 from uk ) in the european parliament ' * it strikes me that the telegraph did not state that the commision suggested that tobacco should be subsidised . 
  it states that : * ` but meps on the european parliament 's agriculture committee agreed last month to an amendment which extended the scheme to cover all the products covered by the cap -- including tobacco . 
  ' * i dont see what is incorrect about this article , it states that meps plan tobacco subsidies - which is true , not that '' ` brussels '' ' , or the commision is intending to . 
  this is going to make following the tournament very expensive . 
  especially when we get past the group stages - booking multiple plane tickets at a short notice will put a hole in most people 's wallet . 
  gazprom signed long term contracts that fixed the price of gas , back in the 00 's this was sensible given the increasing price of oil . 
  however due to the crash in the price of gas due to fracking in the usa this has caused the fixed price to be above the market price . 
  energy companies have moved to suppliers other then gazprom in order to avoid this higher fixed price . 
  british museum , thus saving thousands of artifacts within from other european nations . 
  a large number actually came over after the war to build roads in the uk . 
  could you also provide links to the studies that you have referenced, 
  take a stab in the dark to think what this subreddit thinks about gypsies . 
  i come to / r/europe to discuss european politics and history , do we need to have a ` we hate gypsies ' thread every week . 
  at the very least can someone who wants to say gypies cause crime , or do n't send their kids to school provide some , and i am just spit-balling here , actual facts ? 
  i thought the ulstermen were decended from scottish planters/presbyterian 's ? 
  [ my experience of learning german is closer to this ] ( http://weknowmemes.com/2012/03/german-articles-because-fuck-you-thats-why/ ), 
  funnily enough if you watch ` the battle of britain ' ( currently on netflix ) it lists the nationalities of all the pilots that flew for the allies in the the battle of britain , from the uk , ireland , poland , the commonwealth and overseas . 
  also has the silky smooth tones of laurence olivier . 
  putting you nazi comment aside i believe that you may not have grasped the parable of the broken windows fallacy . 
  i am of course not arguing against helping syrian refuges , simply that the money spent on it will not boost the economy more than any other spending . 
  the fallacy is that an unexpected expense such a broken window , is of net economic benefit as the shopkeeper is spending the money to replace it . 
  simply put more money is being spent in the economy , which boosts jobs . 
  the parable points out that the money spent on the window would have instead been used for something else , be it a new book for the shopkeeper or paid into a bank and lent to someone else , that also benefits the economy . 
  therefore there is no net gain from the breaking of the window . 
  in this instance ` icankillpenguins ' and you assert that if the government spends 6 billion on helping syrians in germany there will be a net gain for the german economy , as the syrians spend it in germany creating jobs etc. 
  however were this money not spent on the refugees ** it would have still been spent on something else ** that 6 billion is money that could have been spent on infrastructure , schools or welfare payments , or it is 6 billion that could have been left in the pockets of germans to spend on what they want . 
  no gain has been created . 
  i am of course not making a moral comment on the use of the money . 
  spending 6 billion on the syrians alleviates far more human misery than spending 6 billion on new roads . 
  it does not necessarily provide more of an economic benefit . 
  i think the point was that there is no net benefit from the money being spent this way , then any other way . 
  the 6 billion would have been spent by the german government on something else , which would have also created jobs , or simply not taxed , in which case german citizens could have spent the money on something else which would have created jobs . 
  the uk did , on the condition that the ottoman empire did not declare war on the uk or any of her allies . 
  the ottoman empire did so no ships or money ,, 
  referring to my copy of ` castles of steel : britain , germany and the winning of the great war at sea ' ( 2004 ) by robert k massie the seizure of the ships in the event of war was authorised by the contacts signed when the ottomon empire took over the purchase of the agincourt from brazil . 
  furthermore winston churchill ( then the 1st sea lord ) offered the ottomons the refurbished ships and/or the full value of the ships on the end of the war ( p23 ) . 
  when looking at the seizure of the ships one must also consider the international stage at the time . 
  by august 1914 both the uk and germany had engaged in a dreadnought building race where the uk retained a 7 ship lead ( 17 german ships to 24 british ) - as an island nation which was utterly reliant on the navy this was a thin margin , especially as the germans were easily able to concentrate their fleet in the north sea whilst the uk had to spead the navy across the globe . 
  meanwhile through the 1910 's the ottoman empire was increasingly moving toward the central powers - from the economic sphere of new railways to the military , indeed in 1913 the german general otto liman von sanders was placed in command of an army corp in istanbul with considerable influence over the ottoman armed forces ( the war that ended peace , p492-493 , margret macmillan 2013 ) . 
  with the uk retaining only 3 battlecruisers in the mediterranean these 2 ships could tip the naval war in favour of the central powers in this theatre of the war , in this situation would any sensible nation provide such powerful armaments to a potential enemy ? 
  as a final comment i believe that the title of this post reflects at best a poor , * post hoc ergo propter hoc * understanding of ww1 , and at worst a deliberate distortion of the facts . 
  the uk parliament still marks new bills in norman french to signify it reaching [ certain stages ] ( http://www.parliament.uk/site-information/glossary/norman-french/ ) , such as passing from the house of commons to the lords . 
  the bbc are [ running a series ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_sbralfotcy ) on parliament which is fascinating . 
  aston martin , jaguar , mclaren ? 
  none of which are affordable , but but people certainly drool over . 
  i do n't think anyone is saying its a * better * indicator of the economy than an index of services , just that its a * good * indicator of the economy . 
  i think she is wrong , yet ironically when the eu/european figures make comments regarding the negotiations mrs may is likely to become more popular . 
  ` standing up for the uk ' as it were . 
  a double dose of irony is that she will be boosted despite campaigning to stay in . 
  yet it will likely reduce support for corbyn despite his known lack of enthusiasm for the eu . 
  convincing anyone north of the m25 would be just as hard . 
  there are lies , damn lies and statistics . 
  i am in no way saying he is a liar , only that statistics can be used to manipulate data into supporting your arguement . 
  take his case for switzland for instance - selling 450 % more exports relative to their economy to europe then we do , it certainly seems like a persausive case for not having to be in the eu . 
  however when one looks that that with a little more detail it loses creditability . 
  for one switzland is surrounded by eu countries , the uk has the open seas and ports . 
  it is far easier - and far , far cheaper to export by sea rather then shipping over road and rail to a port . 
  moreover the ` gravity model of trade ' argues that countries export more to other countries who are close , or have larger economies . 
  well switzland is next door to 3 of the worlds largest economies ( and historically largest economies ) so they naturally export huge amounts to them . 
  thirdly the swiss speak french , german and italian - is it any wonder they find it easier to export to france germany and italy !, 
  exporting to the commonwealth is an idea commonly floated by those who wish to leave the eu - the questions is that why would they want a special relationship with britian ? 
  other then the commonwealth games and aid the uk 's relationship with many of the countries has witherd on the vine since we joined the eu - a full 40 years ago , a full generation of political leaders . 
  incidently his view that british leaders did not see why they were being out performed is not credible - there were numerous attempts to both consolidate industries to get scale and government investment in key industries . 
  read any book about post war british politics and this will be highlighted . 
  not wanting to cast aspersion on your integrity but do you have any sources to back up those claims ? 
  i do n't know why you 're getting downvoted it is a fair question . 
  my understanding is that the uk still continues as a sovereign state and maintains all lawful obligations and privileges . 
  scotland most likely would have to rejoin a lot of these as a new state , such as what happened with the break up of yugoslavia . 
  the primary obstacle is likely to be spain - they have regions that seek autonomy such as in the baque and catalonian regions , and would probably not be fond of setting such a precedent . 
  that said this is highly hypothetical , and is currently more the purview of the editorial section of newspapers rather then the legal . 
  i cant speak for spain but in the uk if someone got sick from the food they gave away they could be held criminally liable . 
  that said a lot of companies do give away perishable goods to charity ( numerous sandwich chains in london for example ) though i would assume that there are very strict rules regarding how the goods are stored/distributed . 
  no , they are not . 
  you are incorrect in your belief , for instance there is no institutional policy to murder every greek citizen and everyone with 1 greek parent . 
  nor is there a policy to stop them intermarrying with people from other ethnic groups .
