  by posting this obviously factually incorrect statement you demean yourself , this subreddit and intellectual discourse . 
  it also showed that unless you run a campaign aiming to win you will lose . 
  had the lid dems deigned to reach out to nigel farrage and ukip they could have got a huge number of votes . 
  a market economy works through allowing commerce among its citizens , companies and state organisations , that they may consume/invest etc based on the principles of demand and supply . 
  a non market economy ( such as a soviet style economy ) does not use the market to determine the level of production , and so does not account for the demand for a good in the setting of production , nor price in the allocation of capital . 
  did we get richer in the west by indebting ourselves ? 
  no , though debt did help . 
  western market economies allocate ( and allocated ) the majority of their resources using the market , that is on supply and demand . 
  this meant that areas where there would be a god return on investment saw higher levels of investment think the railways in the 1800 's or car manufacturing after the war . 
  this led to a greater accumulation of capital that allowed for more investment , increasing both wealth and income . 
  non-market economies allocated their resources though other means , in eastern europe and the soviet bloc for example resources allocation was largely through the state , which did not take into account the principles of supply and demand . 
  this led to a substantial increase in the production of some goods - such as steel or weapons , and a stagnation or decline in the production of some goods such as consumer goods . 
  as they did not allocate their resources as efficiently the level of growth in capital and in income was lower in non market economies . 
  over time this meant the levels of income that were once similar ( such as east and west germany ) slowly drifted apart as the more efficiently investing west saw its wealth grow faster . 
  some top 500 companies are removed by mergers as well , for instance when gillette was brought by proctor and gamble . 
  there are several reasons for this which i will go through individually , my list will not be exhaustive and i am open to criticism from others if they believe my reasons to be flawed in any way . 
  1 ) government deficit . 
  the german government has consistently run a smallish deficit and is indeed on course to completely eliminate the said deficit . 
  in greece et all the size of the deficit is larger , and will take longer to pay down . 
  in effect germany can have a large debt as it is creditable that they will be able to begin earning money to pay it off . 
  2 ) government creditably . 
  the german government has a long history of fiscal creditably , both as they have tended to run smaller deficits and they are perceived as ` trustworthy ' . 
  they have a long history of paying their debts in full . 
  greece and italy on the other-hand have a history of either explicitness defaulting on their debts ( by not paying ) or implicitly defaulting ( running high levels of inflation to reduce the real cost ) . 
  3 ) size of the economy . 
  germany has a far larger economy then the other states , which is also performing significantly better . 
  as this is the case they can raise a larger sum of money though taxation and have a larger stock of wealth to be able to draw upon to pay down debt . 
  they are therefore trusted to have higher debt - think how a bank would be more willing to lend to bank manager then a cashier . 
  simply put people trust the germans to pay back the debt , they are more able to pay and they are not borrowing as much money that will be needed to pay back . 
  from 1994-2011 france refused to comply with the echr ruling that babies did not have to take the fathers name.http : / / abcnews.go.com/international/story?id=81511&amp;page=1 italy ignored , and was fined , for ignoring interim rulings from the court . 
  these are , or at least should be if you follow the rule of law , legally binding . 
  http://echrblog.blogspot.co.uk/2009/08/parliamentary-assembly-lambasts-italy.html my apologies for not posting citations with my original comment , it must have come across as rather ideological . 
  finding those links took me all of 2 minutes and it was remiss of me not to initially make the effort . 
  barroso said the uk is closed to europe , as a european i feel that the echr is an institution as important to europe as the eu . 
  indeed one of the fundamentalist opposition points in the uk to further integration into europe , one of the main reasons the uk is '' so closed to europe '' . 
  if you believe in the eventual creation of the european state the echr will be as equally important as increasing the legislative powers of the european parliament . 
  well as the uk were one of 2 countries that fully allowed access to workers from eastern europe when then joined i would say it is more open then france or germany in some regards . 
  also for all the uk complains about the european court of human rights it does abide by their judgements , unlike other european countries . 
  what specifically about it do you disagree with ? 
  this article is the introduction piece to a 14 page special segment i might add , if you want details they may be in the subsection . 
  its not your fault . 
  english people have difficulty identifying nationalities . 
  or at least do them right , as someone wrote in a letter to the economist ` grexit ' should surely be replaced by ` grexodus ' . 
  i think the eu is in the middle ground - it either needs to centralise or decentralise in order to survive ( too long for rich to short for richard as it were ) . 
  if the eurozone is to survive now it seems that certainly a banking if not a fiscal union is needed , indeed had this been implemented in 2000 the crisis would likely not have occurred to its current severity . 
  at the same time however the crisis would likely not have occurred had the eu not taken the very centralising step of forming the single currency . 
  it tried to retain national government sovereignty and flexibility of action whilst granting the benefits of massive size and stability . 
  we are at a point now where the eurozone needs to decide what they value more . 
  well i was replying to your statement that i nor the op are american , it was entirely in context of the subject that you in fact raised . 
  i did not chose to promote this , as you stated i am not the op . 
  i subscribe to the subreddit as i am european and am interested in finding out about europe and people in europe . 
  what evidence do you have that i propogandise against europe ? 
  how are you able to determine my motives ? 
  that does n't change the fact that it has happened , do you think that this story is not interesting to people in europe ? 
  bloomburg is an american company . 
  as silly a comment this is i am genuinely happy that it is n't a brit saying it . 
  do not editorialize or sensationalize your submission title . 
  i disagree with your view on the uk press , probably because my unbiased opinion differs to your unbiased opinion . 
  i did n't mean to imply you were attacking your auntie , more that you say the press and the public are critical yet the only evidence you offer is your auntie . 
  i did n't use the word `` attack '' so i would be obliged if you removed the quotation remarks , as how you are not quoting me . 
  thank you . 
  i agree with your view that the eu should n't be about leaving and i completely agree it should be about reform . 
  the eu in its current state is far below what it should be , by continually cobbling different powers , responsibilities and side groups to the eu it is lacking common purpose . 
  i feel that if there was an explicitly stated goal that europe could work toward it would function far more harmoniously . 
  i would add a caveat in that whilst the eu should not be about leaving the eurozone should certainly have an option to leave . 
  i realise that this is n't the point you were making but for the sake of clarity i thought i would add it at the end . 
  the british press puts forward multiple views - the guardian and independent are left wing , times and telegraph socially conservative and economist fiscaly conservative and socially liberal . 
  you can no more lump the uk press all into 1 than i could say that the whole of the french press is summed up by le monde . 
  2 . again if you read newspapers like the guardian and independent this view is repeatedly put across . 
  hell editorials in right wing newspapers have made this point . 
  also whether europe will be politically integrated enough to be considered a superpower is debatable - look at its failure to gain a democratic mandate on the european constitution . 
  that was by the french and the dutch , not the dastardly british . 
  3 . again people have many different view points . 
  the point on having to follow efta rules was made in the economist - hardly the pro european paper of choice . 
  4 . there is a reason the british broadcasting corporation is british centric . 
  it is because it is the british broadcasting corporation . 
  it is also viewed as one of the finest international new organisations in the world , as it is mainly funded by the uk population a focus on the uk is not nationalist , simply a reflection of the population . 
  i am not ` anti ' the eu , i do not however believe it is run well , it is not run by the most talented people in politics and it has a severe lack of democratic accountability and creditably . 
  there are perfectly logical reasons to oppose further expanding the eu 's powers . 
  i find it interesting that you harangue those who oppose your view on the eu as they do not know the opposing viewpoint , yet your own comment completely ignores the opposing argument which you implicitly claim you know . 
  rather then your auntie ( who i am sure is a lovely woman ) why not pick someone like peter osborne or boris johnson who are highly educated political writers . 
  find an article of theirs on the eu and the greek crisis and repudiate that rather then posting an argument that despite your calls for research has no facts . 
  could you post some of your research from what you believe to be a credible source . 
  apologies if this lacks coherence i am typing it on my phone and it makes it rather difficult to edit . 
  no it is n't , you have inferred it . 
  what he implied is that he would n't take economic advice from greece , but its good for holidays . 
  he may also like the food , the philosophy or indeed the poetry - what he does n't like is the economics . 
  what i do n't like is you adding the word '' ` only '' ' . 
  moreover putting it in speech marks like he said it . 
  he did n't say it , and by claiming he did you are perpetrating a lie . 
  i do n't think that was his intent . 
  the point which i inferred from that comment was that the usa like greece is running a large deficit , and that if the us continued to do so then they would end up like greece - i.e in a depression . 
  in the us the republicans like to play on being the party of fiscal responsibility . 
  he did n't say '' ` only '' ' though . 
  you put a word in his mouth then took offence at the word . 
  he says plenty of stupid things without people needing to add to them . 
  who are the bourgeoisie and autocrats in this case ? 
  as my understanding the bourgeoisie are those that own capital - surely if you own a pension fund and/or a house then you are one of the bourgeoisie . 
  how do you think the pension industry should operate then ? 
  because if the money is ` set aside ' and not invested not only will its real value be diminished by inflation but people will also have to save over their working lives the entire value of their future pension income .
