bankrupted and then it started flying again in 2011 . 
  its last bankruptcy was announced less than a month ago ... [ source ] ( http://majandus24.postimees.ee/3615585/copterline-laks-taas-pankrotti ), 
  the thing is that when you really think about it ... russia is considered eastern european as moscow is in geographical europe . 
  now look and the map and it seems to me that the only country you can logically call eastern european is russia . 
  the rest you can lump together to balance it out . 
  [ here you are !, 
  ] ( http://www.transparency.org/cpi2015#results-table ), 
   we mostly like this grouping . 
  what ? 
  estonians do n't want to be in central europe . 
  we consider ourselves a northern european ( not nordic ) country . 
  partly because we have many things in common with finns , but also - look at the map !, 
  where 's denmark ? 
  now find estonia :d, 
  that just proved that the policeman in the video does n't know shit ... 
  the same in estonia . 
  the police is there to protect , not to find just anyone to blame . 
  the laws are clear-cut and the police can not risk losing a case because of any mistakes made during the investigation . 
  leading someone to say something that might wrongly compromise him/her simply raises the number of suspects , but does n't take the detectives closer to solving the case . 
  nice !, 
  and you seeme to have some perfect golf-grass  i actually saw blooming flowers in saaremaa last year as well , but it was in the middle of november . 
  december is a bit extreme . 
  there was an interview with one of estonia 's leading synoptics who said that -40 degrees will probably occur again during the next 10 years . 
  some sophisticated models expect harsh winters ahead of us . 
  i find it better than the shitty 11-month-long october , that we 're experiencing for the seckond year in a row . 
  whoa !, 
  cherry trees remind me of cherries ... mmmmmmmm :p damn you !, 
  that post-24 . - december-diet is n't going well . 
  at the moment grass is green and there are hepaticas and strawberries blooming . 
  the only reason you would think it 's winter , is that there is ca 3 hours of actual and useful dayligt , another 3 hours of twilight and the rest is darkness . 
  really wierd how that is sufficient for all the blooming flora . 
  where did you manage to find a place in estonia , where grass is that not-green ? 
  today in saaremaa , estonia http://imgur.com/psnduok, 
  well , fortunately there 's finland between sweden and russia . 
  as i 've heard , finland is extremely well equipped and prepared . 
  you should let them win each and every hockey event and your fate should be in safe hands , 
   a lot of teenagers die of selfharm ( up to about a third in bulgaria/estonia/latvia / lithuania/romania ) it seems to me that this shade of green , that you 're talking about , goes for unintentional injuries instead . 
  someone already commented that this is most likely due to drownings . 
  we have an obscene rate of drownings due to idiots not understanding that alcohol and sea put together at nighttime is not ok . and yes , too many 14 year olds drink and party hard . 
   if anything , frequent democratic decisions should root out the idiots because they 're bound to lose interest sooner or later . 
  i disagree . 
  i 've seen politics ( low level , thankfully ) from the inside . 
  belive me - the more possibilities the common voter has to challenge politicians at every step ( after elections ) and say that every single thing they do is shit even before considering all the facts , the less smart and actually useful people remain in politics . 
  that is the sole reason why so many very good leaders and specialists refuse going into politics . 
  i 'll be blunt now - the masses are simply idiots and they have ruined democracy for us all . 
  there is one very basic problem that the general population does n't understand . 
  democracy is not about the majority deciding what 's best for them and turning it into a law for everybody . 
  if this was the case , we would have no laws protecting anyone with a health problem , single parents , gays , children and so on . 
  it would mean that a bunch of retired folks decided everything for us all . 
  i 've had my share of insults come my way due to actions that i stand by to this day and consider vital as it was my obligation to look out for the greater good . 
  at one point i could not stand the nasty comments and stupid remarks that had absolutely no basis . 
  therefore i quit and have n't regretted it one bit . 
  i have later thought about what could turn the system around and i feel that the only good solution is not that democratic . 
  you can take it as a joke , but i belive that in a perfect world , in order to maintain the right to vote , each cityzen should take a simple and very basic test once in 5 years . 
  the questions should be extremely simple , but demand at least the basic level of understanding how the country they live in and the world works . 
  for example in case of estonia there should be a question about seperation of powers , a question about what does inflation mean ect . 
  if you do n't know your abc-s , you should n't vote as you clearly do n't have the capability to evaluate the candidates and their platforms . 
  edit : inserted a missing word . 
  yep !, 
  am ashamed about that :( a year ago our parliament voted for some half assed and poorly worded law for every couple to be able to legalise their partnership . 
  the content of that law is simply bad and of no use , but at least it 's something and makes a point . 
  the awful thing is that when the parliament was discussing the law , i found out that a lot of my friends are flaming idiots , who think that allowing two gay men to legalise their partnership will make it possible for them to adopt random children at their will ( really , i do n't get the concept ) . 
  they have a bunch of other hilarious opinions . 
  and of course - gay women is a whole different story ... 
  there is a movement here called perekonna ja traditsiooni kaitseks ( bad translation : to protect family and tradition ) . 
  the opponents to that wierd organisation always emphasize that our traditional families do n't need protection , but that does n't seem to come accross . 
  i know that people should know better and not be idiots , but still i want to clarify the reasons why being gay is well ... frowned upon . 
  the soviet union banned gays . 
  they were jailed and sometimes killed . 
  my granny was quite a party animal in her time and knew lots of famous people in estonia . 
  she also knew that many of them were gay . 
  she was ok with it , but most people were n't as it was a crime and the one 's that were suspected being gay , were actors , artists and singers that had it better than the common factory workers . 
  after the soviet regime fell `` gay '' was not a hot topic . 
  we had some more pressing matters . 
  it was n't illegal to be gay , but 50 years of the regime had done it 's job brainwashing several generations . 
  today it 's safe to say that the one 's against gay marriage are mostly older people remembering the soviet times and poorly educated young people that have not been taught to think for themselves . 
  i do n't want to excuse the homophobia here . 
  i just wanted to state the reasons that most people have . 
  edit : i forgot to point out that the surveys showed what we all suspected - our local russian community is by far more against gay marriage than estonians . 
  nothing new as most of them consume mainly russian media . 
  oh and there is no religious basis to that amongst estonians . 
  we do n't belive in any of the gods :d, 
  came here to say just that . 
  about half of these points are absolute bs when it comes to estonia . 
  same here !, 
  well , the list had many other points that do n't apply in estonia . 
  missing just the nordics ? 
  oh well , i 'm gon na go and cry in that corner over there . 
  give me a call if you need 12 points in may ... 
  it depends on the country . 
  for example : a ) the netherlands : * area - ca 41 000 km ^ 2 * population - almost 17 million * forests cover 8,79 % * cultivated land covers 22,73 % * forests + cultivated land = 31,52 % b ) estonia : * area - ca 45 000 km ^ 2 * population - ca 1,3 million * forests cover 61 % * cultivated land covers 12,4 % * forests + cultivated land = 73,4 % edit : formatting problems that did not get solved . 
  i already wrote in an other comment that the house pricing stats are bs at least for estonia . 
  now i can deffinately see that the average wage stats for estonia are also complete and utter bs :d, 
  i highly doubt the nubers as for example the estonian stats are deffinately not anywhere near the actual numbers . 
  it states that the average cost in the capital city ( tallinn ) in 2011 was 150 000 eur . 
  for 150 000 eur you could probably get a beat-up shack in a dodgy neighbourhood . 
  a 800 m ^ 2 piece of land near some railway tracks or highway starts from 120 000 eur . 
  there is absolutely no fuckin ' way that the average price was 150 000 eur . 
  the price is distorted as 2011 was a time when not many people got mortgages and there was a bunch of crap on the market that never sold . 
  it takes into account the properties that were either in really bad shape and the banks did n't qualify them as liveable or there were legal problems because of some loan gone bad .
