  these properties remained unsold and the actual transaction prices were a lot higher . 
  i bet that if that 's the case with one country , there are more distortions in the whole chart . 
  well , over the years it has become clear that the russian minority in former soviet countries is not as much of a problem as is russia 's illogical reaction to almost everything . 
  estonia has tried to smooth the relations over the years , but it 's a slippery slope and we have fallen back each time . 
  we have our own interest . 
  first and foremost - russia is our largest export destination as lot 's of goods enter eu in estonia and are then sold or forwarded to russia . 
  still , our companies have learned to keep their distance as much as possible , because every now and then russia finds some wierd reasons for not allowing estonian produce in . 
  secondly we do rely on russian gas . 
  not like ukraine or central - and western europe , but still . 
  russia has manipulated with that power several times before . 
  third and probably the most important task has been the ratification of estonian-russian border . 
  it still has n't come true and it 's not just estonian border . 
  it 's the border between nato and russia as well as eu and russia . 
  it 's a tool in russia 's hands . 
  it 's not that we do n't want to get along . 
  it 's that we know what 's coming next from personal experience . 
  we are not raising alarm for nothing . 
  the west considers russia just like themselves . 
  france , germany , uk , the whole of southern-europe has thought of post-soviet russia as post nazi-germany . 
  nope !, 
  the assumptions do n't apply . 
  i 've been to russia several times and seen the poorest regions around st petersburg right beside enormous villas with ( and i kid you not ) golden fountains in the garden . 
  it 's devastating and the whole country is on all fours as it does n't do absolutely anything to help a significant part of it 's people . 
  what 's more - russians do n't consider their leaders guilty . 
  they still cry for former soviet union and blame capitalism for the ways things have turned out . 
  the country is vastly under censorship and i do n't see these opinions changing any time soon . 
  so , no - there is no making friends with russia . 
  it 's all about protection and being prepared for the worst . 
  we have heard the most absurd acusations from lavrov and putin about the situation of russian minority in estonia . 
  even my russian friends that live in estonia shake their heads and seem a bit shocked if some greece politician says that russia is right . 
  when it comes to ukraine the situation is more complex , but the outline is more or less known . 
  i have friends in ukraine and they have given me information from their prespective . 
  they are a ukrainian-russian married couple and neither of them have supported any of what happened in crimea as they saw it being the first step in a row . 
  the fact is that international law means absolutely nothing to russia and crimea proved that . 
  shady elections , occupation , violence - nothing matters . 
  it 's all about re-creating an empire . 
  it 's what keeps putin afloat . 
  large countries need conflict to mobilize it 's people behind their leaders . 
  there are very good examples among the most democratic countries as well ( if you know what i mean ) . 
  therefore putin needs to keep ukraine a possibility and not let the people in russia realise that it 's not the west that steals their land and lures their brothers over . 
  it 's russia that everybody wants to get away from . 
  it has never been about the residents of crimea that putin has been worried about . 
  quite the opposite !, 
  they are tools that he can use . 
  the same way as he hopes to use the russian minorities in the baltics . 
  unfortunately for him these people generally have a better quality of life than they would have in russia and fortunately for us they know it . 
  ukraine is a messy place with vast land and it will not be easy to fix it all up , but what would help is support from the west as a good sign . 
  they have n't seen that much . 
  it 's been more about empty promises and warm breath than an action plan for ukraine to follow in order to get russia behind it 's borders . 
  russia is not the one that would propose ending the conflict . 
  edit : spelling, 
  the baltic states are deffinately not in any sort of conflict with russia  flowers , butterflies , kisses and hugs here !, 
  but in reality - russia has always been and will always be in constant conflict with all of its neighbours . 
  it will never end and we should n't count on any miracles . 
  the situation in ukraine will most probably be frozen for years if not decades to come . 
  looked into the matter and it seems to me that the whole method of unodc global study on homicide is a bit crooked . 
   data sources unodc regularly provides global statistical series on crime , criminal justice , drug trafficking and prices , drug production , and drug use . 
  data produced by unodc have multiple sources . 
   member states regularly submit to unodc statistics on drugs ( through the annual report questionnaire ) and crime and criminal justice ( through the annual survey on crime trends and operations of criminal justice systems ) . 
  other data are collected through national surveys implemented by unodc in cooperation with national governments or are compiled from scientific literature . 
  unodc also applies scientific methods to maximize the comparability of the data and estimate regional and global statistics . 
  [ source ] ( https://data.unodc.org/ ) tried to find out what 's behind the numbers that for example estonia has submitted to unodc . 
  [ statistics estonia ] ( http://www.stat.ee/en ) ( name of the official statistics department and the place where unodc gets the official stats ) notes that in several years ( it does not say which ) the numbers of homicides and murders include unsuccessful attempts as well due to the different methodology and sources used , but also due to some changes in laws and terminology . 
  it points out that because of that the seperate years are not comparable . 
  what 's more - in such small countries with low population numbers almost every case affects the rate . 
  therefore there are abnormal fluctuations and again - this does n't give an accurate picture . 
  for example the current information about estonia on these posted tables is from 2011 . 
  statistics estonia shows me that 81 homicides and 19 murders ( remember , may include attempted ones ) took place in 2011 . 
  i go to 2012 and the numbers are 59 and 21 accordingly . 
  exactly -20 % in a year ??? 
  probably not !, 
  the stats go on - 50 and 12 in 2013 ( another -22,5 % ) ; 42 and 13 in 2014 ( yet again a decline of almost 12 % ) . 
  so , if we do exactly the opposite of what statistics estonia tells us to and compare the stats from different years , we get that since 2011-2014 there has been a 45 % decline in homicides and murders . 
  as i happen to live in estonia , i can assure you that 2011 was n't an extremely bloody year and there were n't any mass shootings or anything like that . 
  we know that these numbers do n't reflect the true picture , but unodc uses them and compares to some other numbers that are just as questionable . 
  i viewed estonia closely as i know the official stats page fairly well . 
  i doubt that the rest of the world uses just a single method of gathering stats or considers the crimes committed/attempted alike . 
  the unodc study proves once again that you ca n't compare uncompareable numbers . 
  we see it all the time with global studies on education , health , disease rates ect . 
  you always have to peek behind the numbers . 
  otherwise it will ( who am i kidding , it deffinately will ) remain possible that governments and institutions manipulate the public opinion with inaccurate statistics or inaccurate deductions of some simple numbers . 
  oh , when or where have n't we seen this before ... 
  if you 're still doubtful , then [ here ] ( http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/crime/crime-levels ) - pick your own country and compare it to another one that you know something about . 
  you will be suprised , i say :d edited some grammar . 
  til as well , 
  oh , you are talking about these in the back row !, 
  my mistake , but still not larch . 
  it 's birch as seen here https://i.imgur.com/7hjlns2.jpg ( / u/itsneverlies posted the high-res photo somewhere below ) . 
  never-ever take it down !, 
  i 'm gon na hold it and squeeze it and save it forever on my bookmarks bar . 
  larch ? 
  it seems to be pine and is very common . 
  i 'll leave you with [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-qieng2loo&amp;list=plrddwz-wwek6udsy_lwca_cwhoufqateo&amp;index=2 ) and [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-k0qk8xhpo&amp;list=plrddwz-wwek6udsy_lwca_cwhoufqateo&amp;index=23 ) then . 
  hope you get inspired . 
  we tend to compare our humour to your 's , but you can probably never know as most of it is in estonian . 
  british humour has always been very well received in estonia as the latter is just as dark , often seasoned with lots of sarcasm and we love to make fun of our `` common people '' , our noveau riche , our dirtiest politicians and of course the worst weather in the world . 
  probably an other reason for the love is that we consider the brits lovely fools with your heart in the right place . 
  meaning that if someone is a victim of wrongdoing , you always make the irrational decision and fight for justice ( read : brits have helped us in time of war and not occupied/murdered/raped us - kind of a big thing here ) . 
  it 's not advised to try this , though . 
  [ driving licences , post , bank or tax cards are not accepted as valid travel documents or proof of identity .
