it 's sad that we have legal synthetic drugs that can easily ruin lives , some of them slowly kills you by irreversibly damaging your organs , they are hardly under any control and doctors prescribe them all the time yet a natural substance which is proven to be safe under moderate use and has positive effects on many illnesses is still illegal in most places around the globe . 
  and if we factor in that life is not something the universe declares to be but a term we use to categorize some complex chemical processes , the whole search for e.t. 
  gains a lot more different meaning . 
  striking distance ? 
  you mean at least a decade to produce results close to a non-professional translation if the source is grammatically perfect ? 
  even that 's optimistic at best . 
  that looks awesome !, 
  it 's funny how everyone turns this into a men vs women issue . 
  i 'm pro abortion but i think if a pregnancy is a result of two consenting adults ' actions then both parties have a say in the question if it comes up . 
  sure , a man ca n't get pregnant but that does n't mean his opinions do n't matter . 
  now , i 'm not talking about this guy ( he 's a idiot ) but the reactions everyone has . 
  in case of two consenting adults pregnancy is not only the woman 's , that kid has a father who has just as many rights to it than its mother . 
  a man has to have a legal say in this case and the same goes for wanting abortion . 
  only medical reasons should give autonomy to the woman . 
  claiming that a fetus is only the woman 's is not ok . of course this is a social , not a political issue . 
  and you fail to understand that a man has the same rights to have or refuse to have an offspring as the woman . 
  a fetus conceived in conventional means is a result of two humans ' actions and people have to take responsibility for their actions . 
  a fetus being in the woman 's body is just biology , but the question whether it 'll become a child or the pregnancy will be aborted can not be answered exclusively by the woman . 
  if the man wants a child , he 's willing to take responsibility and there 's no medical reason to suggest otherwise but you do n't even ask his opinion , you rob him from a very basic human right and you also suggest that a woman does n't have to take responsibility for her actions . 
  the same applies when he wants an abortion and she wants to keep it . 
  but in neither case is it equality if only the woman 's opinion matters . 
  factually wrong is to think that women have more rights than men . 
  having an abortion is a solution if neither parents want a child . 
  if one wants it , they have to discuss want should happen , neither of them can just decide for both of them . 
  a pregnancy is life threatening ? 
  < facepalm  look up the date !, 
  it 's not 1416 . 
  and i know what human rights are , they include that everyone has right to a family . 
  in case of a pregnancy , the fetus is an offspring of both the mother and the father even if it 's not a conscious human yet . 
  not asking permission from the father before an abortion violates his right to a family . 
  equality is when a man and a woman engage in a sexual act and the result is pregnancy , they decide together . 
  doctor who ( both classic and post-2005 ) , the flash , constantine , babylon 5 , every star trek and stargate , andromeda , firefly . 
  some of them were prematurely cancelled , sadly . 
  did it worth it ? 
  because sometimes it 's unavoidable . 
  you should really learn to think . 
  pregnancy was never safer before in the entire history of our species . 
  also learn to read , i explained what rights do men have which would be violated if women could just abort a fetus without asking the fathers . 
  and the fact that you try to undermine what i wrote about equality by claiming i wrote things i never did does n't really help you . 
  men ca n't force their opinions on women just as women ca n't force theirs on men . 
  that 's why they have to figure out together . 
  but you are the one claiming that the latter is not just ok but it 's the absolute justness . 
  you 're free to think that a matriarchy -- where men are inferior , their needs and rights do n't matter -- would be the apex of our civilization but you 'd be wrong . 
  i think i died during a freak porcupine attack, 
  in universe c-137 pluto is not a planet . 
  also what if you end up in a distant galaxy ? 
  that pulsar map wo n't help you then . 
  am i the only one who does n't want to be conscious while sleeping ? 
  it 's enough to be that all day long . 
  people, 
  it 's a shame these things happen there . 
  i just recently started learning turkish , somehow i got interested in their language and their culture but as the internet often depicts them , the county i mean , it seems it would n't be that good of an idea to visit it . 
  and these bans and the fact that they want to replace international social media with their own local variants does n't really help to make them , the leaders , appear less of a group of oppressors . 
  and the real sad thing is that probably the replacements are fine , people just try to capitalize on samsung 's fuck up with the first batch . 
  they 're the same as the chinese models from the very start and they had no problems until the callback happened . 
  how convenient ... 
  despite what many `` visionaries '' say , an ai that can come close to us in both intelligence and abilities is very far away . 
  it may not even happen , there 's a very real chance that transhumanism takes off . 
  anyhow , we 'll certainly have programs that can build simple programs based on simple user instructions in the near future , the very first examples already exist ( although those algorithms just puzzle together blocks of codes made by people ) , but those wo n't be a threat to it professionals , on the contrary , thanks to the automation paradox people who actually understand what 's going on inside a computer will be needed more and more until computer technology exists . 
  i have just one question : if there are more than one pronunciation for literally every english word then why should this one be the exception ? 
  is infinity a physical reality or just a mathematical theory ? 
  uk pronunciation is d\u0292\u026ar\u02c8af but us is d\u0292\u026ar\u02c8\u00e6f, 
  chair : t\u0283\u02c8e\u0259 , t\u0283\u02c8er, 
  or : \u02c8\u0254\u02d0 , \u02c8\u0254\u02d0r, 
  and these are just the obvious uk vs us ones , there are many more dialects and accents in english , all of them valid and grammatically correct in its own environment . 
  there 's never a difference in the word itself in case of pronunciation . 
  differences in pronunciation always fall into the category of accent or dialect . 
  in this case the argument exists because people try to apply pre-existing rules to a case that does n't have applicable ones . 
  this is a case of a word created from an acronym , not from a pre-existing word , but because not a linguists ' committee created it , we ended up with two pronunciations right from the start . 
  if you accept that steve wilhite 's pronunciation is the standard , then both pronunciations are accents : d\u0292\u026af being the standard and \u0261\u02c8\u026af being the deviation from the standard . 
  if you do n't accept what he said as a standard , then you have two dialects : both are in use , they 're officially accepted as correct , but people do n't choose one randomly , they form two groups and both groups have their own reason why they use the version they use . 
  why do these articles always talk about the universe and mentions only briefly if at all that what we 're actually talking about is the observable universe here ? 
  unless ftl travel is possible , nobody will ever know how much more galaxies are out there , even estimating a number is impossible because our particle horizon expands slower than the universe itself . 
  amanda tapping, 
  of course . 
  maybe this would be a reason to me to watch the olympics . 
  well , probably not . 
  anyhow , it 's ironic to flag this as nsfw . 
  i also got that . 
  googled it , they say it 's linked to illusion among other things . 
  if that 's so then maybe it can appear as an ancient dragonfly . 
  a very fast and loudly flying insect with the length of your arm would be kinda terrifying , it 'd fall under the really cool category in my opinion . 
  thank you !, 
  i will never understand why does any government have to mix religion with politics . 
  it 's one thing for the vatican where only roman catholics live but that 's not the case with the rest of the world . 
  when i read the title i thought she was arrested for assault and battery . 
  i 'm glad it 's not the case this time . 
  also short article but has 6 `` prosecutors said '' , 3 of them in 3 consecutive sentences and one `` prosecutors say '' in the title . 
  that 's one way to do journalism ... 
  i can not understand why people do n't set the date/time on their cameras . 
  it defeats the purpose of having a video with visually embedded date/time . 
  the same result can be achieved without any religious comment . 
  leaving religion to the churches does not translate to atheism . 
  also religion can be used as a cheap trick to get votes , for example when religious people focus on the religious stuff , they tend not to notice the details , like if someone says `` god will help us through this '' , they do n't say `` we 'll get through this by [ insert plan ] '' . 
  and that 's not just your regular political manipulation , it 's also a disrespect to religions and to the people practicing them . 
  a trip to the moon ( 1902 ), 
  that the biggest conspiracy theories involving a government are created by the government in question as a cover-up . 
  so without intent to render it unfit to be reissued it 's not a crime ? 
  then good luck proving that the intent was not to create art in this case but to render the bill useless . 
  if reasoning on matters of law would be that simple , no court would take more than a day to solve any problem .
