  yeah seems like lot of heart in attending mass . 
  love of many is more powerful than the angry few . 
  reminds me of christians protecting praying muslims in egypt protests kind of gesture, 
  i think they did something similar with gerry adams they 'd dub over his own voice but it was weird . 
  i think brass eye made a sketch where he could only be interviewed on helium . 
  are we going to have an app or digital bubble . 
  where people invest in start ups more than they 're worth or in uncompleted projects . 
  guess if you see them as separatist or independence groups in their aims . 
  isis and al qaeda more ideological . 
  yet they do want to set up their own state which might be part of tribal differences or separatists groups in iraq post saddam and in israel . 
  then you 're going back to post ww2 border changes/creation, 
  there was hate beforehand , which likely stemmed from israel and palestine conflicts and peace crisis . 
  as west is seen to favour israel and seen to be origin of israelis . 
  guessing attacks and conflicts which came after was part of the plan . 
  knowing it would create more hatred or horrors of war to boost recruits for al qaeda or other groups . 
  kinda not surprised lot of isis seem to be young recruits . 
  as they were likely only little kids around 9/11 so have only known islam in this tension and did n't know what muslim life was like in the west before the attacks . 
  it 's going to impact your world view . 
  not sure if you 're saying good friday agreement was a bad idea ( as buckle seems like negative ), 
  maybe its uk thing , but operation yewtree highlighted how bad about sexual assault in britain in the past and how easily victims were ignored . 
  it certainly brings up debate on what the mental capability of a terrorist is . 
  is it sign of illness , brainwashing , other factors . 
  or mix of all of them . 
  hard to tell as i doubt doctors have access to those who carry out attacks before or after to conduct a full medical study . 
  esp with this group who do n't expect attackers to live after attacks, 
  you can hate islamic terrorism and be realistic not hate every muslim . 
  or you can think deportation is a dumb simple idea for complex situation but look for and support other plans to stop terrorism this is not a simple right vs left or us vs them . 
  in this case sounding more like a school shooter . 
  germany had these in the past . 
  germany has had school shooters before , think there was one few years back, 
  saw it reported he was shouting , ` i 'm german ' guess we might hear more what he meant over the investigation, 
  luring people to be killed seems new and scary for shooters . 
  wonder if he was after specific people or groups  police are investigating whether he may have lured his victims through a facebook invitation to a restaurant . 
   he is suspected of using a fake account under a girl 's name to invite people to the mcdonald 's restaurant where he launched his attack . 
   police also said there was an `` obvious link between the gunman and norway 's mass killer anders behring breivik , who murdered 77 people in july 2011 . 
   friday evening 's attack at the olympia shopping mall also left 27 people injured , including children . 
   three of the victims were from kosovo . 
  the father of one of them , 21-year-old dijamant zabergja , was photographed holding a photo of his son near the mall on saturday . 
  the other two were young women . 
   police say the gunman had been in psychiatric care , receiving treatment for depression . 
  when countries fall like this it can ruin a generation . 
  esp if a purge of academics and political rivals become yes men maybe start to look at skills you can gain to repair that gap if things are ever set right again . 
  people who escaped chaos are always needed to rebuild for better days, 
  think he asked academics to be at work by 8am etc. 
  usually not good sign lot of bad things in countries start with the academics being rounded up to be arrested or shot, 
  it 's going to be difficult syrians are already on quite a long waiting list . 
  no wonder a lot decided to leave turkey . 
  given they escaped dictatorship , civil war and isis and turkey getting more tense, 
  yeah even religion is split by the right and left wing political lines . 
  they can be more central or more extreme . 
  still takes years to get asylum . 
  likely most terrorist getting in have unofficial places and domestic contacts to hide from officials . 
  why it 's always good when raid busts these domestic rings and donations . 
  gives them less places to hide out after smuggling themselves in, 
  maybe it 's because i 'm from the uk but we always sent our ukip and conservatives out as meps . 
  found europe to be more right or is growing more right . 
  i do n't think issues like immigration ( which is labelled left wing policy ) are strictly left vs right . 
  as left wing unions usually anti immigration and some right wing people know it 's good for business, 
  i think issue is news moves fast but court cases move slow . 
  so lot of argument that it 'll be ignored gets shouted out early , but by the time conviction is read out everyone 's lost interest . 
  yet impact of ` they 'll get away with it ' has done its damage . 
  i do n't think mean words convert people to violence . 
  but if people are allowed to make threats or discriminate openly without consequences it escalates and the discrimination turns to violence and other actions . 
  if government is seen to accept this behaviour it 's draws people to find protection elsewhere and not inform against groups like isis which lot of muslims do . 
  same with criminal gangs . 
  if your area is unsafe and you ca n't trust the police to protect you . 
  you might turn to a gang for protection . 
  isis want to divide society it helps them recruit . 
  you need to protect citizens muslim and non muslims from hate and murder . 
  from stopping isis and any other nutter . 
  isis would love too see settled european muslims get killed or pushed out by thier own neighbours, 
  feel bad for syrian refugees who went to turkey to escape stuff like this . 
  hope this end with no turkish civilians getting caught up, 
  it not as bad as the pink protest in france . 
  to reclaim the colour for straight men or something nutty like that . 
  think france has a relationship . 
  was reading [ graphic novel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pyongyang:_a_journey_in_north_korea ) and turns out french companies did construction and workers for animation studios work in nk https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/france%e2%80%93north_korea_relations, 
  the spin is to say how bad saddam was and he had to go . 
  that he attacked other nations , his own citizens and might do it again . 
  that he really believed the wmd stuff . 
  yet he ignores himself supporting gaddafi , who was just as bad and also took responsibility for lockerbie in 2003 . 
  damn in another article saddams lawyer tried to get a deal where saddam would stand down to avoid war . 
  which blair ignored and then tried to give gaddafi similar deal during arab spring . 
  damn thought you guys had rent controls . 
  is that just making it cheap , but harder to get ? 
  uk slowly going to need to re establish all its trade and regulation laws over the next 2-9 years . 
  if you 're just starting a business might be safer to set up where its not going to change . 
  plus germany is investing in this sector so you might get nice bonus out of it, 
  would n't be surprised if they advertise like this next . 
  pretty jealous how much germany is pushing for starts up and tech industry . 
  have n't seen this level pushing for it in the uk . 
  could be northern powerhouse they keep saying they 'd build, 
  what 's the renting like in berlin ? 
  londons pretty awful, 
  from the comments it is dealing with the consequences of it or at least knowing your party wo n't have to worry about it as much as the others . 
  he 's still going to be a mep , so he 's still going to get paid public money to likely do nothing . 
  or make speeches which will anger the people we 're going to negotiate deals with, 
  ah okay , thought he said they 'd still be a party so maybe admitting they might still fight but will collapse . 
  cheers, 
   mr farage said the party would campaign against `` backsliding '' on the uk 's exit from the eu , saying he planned to see out his term in the european parliament - describing his party as `` the turkeys that voted for christmas '' .
