  though i heard the one for the bullingdon club is burning a # 50 note in front of a homeless person, 
  yeah if you buy stage or want to use pyrotechnics indoors remember just because you can buy them with no training does not mean you should . 
  there are cheap safety courses and people to hire or willing to help, 
  his legacy could have been the good friday agreement too . 
  ah is this why we dint hear a lot about isis leaders in the news unlike taliban ones, 
  they want to be evil or be seen as evil by those they hate , socially calling them cowards lessens the scary killer in black image they want, 
  tensions getting stronger , extreme right are only getting more vocal and using fight back language , so might be enough to push one very paranoid angry person to commit an extremists actions against a group of citizens they do n't like and try to start more tensions/violence . 
  there been people setting fire to houses which will look after asylum seekers . 
  also with other previous attacks he might have started planning and be a copy cat . 
  i thought star wars helmets were based on nazi design, 
  staffing seems to get hit , airlines have cut wages and staff fair bit lately, 
  buying weeks worth of clothes and then donating it to charity might still be cheaper than luggage fee, 
  spread out the numbers worldwide , allow asylum seekers to get jobs rather than sit around and do nothing or get desperate . 
  seek a cease fire in the civil war to stop shelling of civilian towns . 
  return power and supplies to towns . 
  start diplomatic talks for rebels and government to come to agreement and help them with isis problem . 
  it would help lot more if local governments there , west , and russia would stop shelling the shit out if cities and towns, 
  lot of left in france feel betrayed by him with the employment laws that were pushed through, 
  sign of how bad the right has gotten elsewhere . 
  i like how no one has clicked your link, 
  what 's so special that it took that long ? 
  someone been taking the funds hard to see where money has been spent, 
  or political system . 
  think all the parties in the french system might shock some from the us . 
  but they are reaching out to fn and party members so someone might try to use them with understanding of thier system, 
  diem25 is advertising itself as the left wing progressive international brigade . 
  we 're going to become a giant country sized trump golf course, 
  cheers fell of the radar with that one, 
  depressing how little tories talk of this we just get fracking and more runways, 
  this is why i 'm curious about diem25 claims to be international brigade to build progressive movement across europe . 
  like international brigades again , because it feels like that kind of era again . 
  comments in that post is likely right , it 's not creating far right just exploiting that mind set that 's already there giving it a boost . 
  or far right looking to russia for inspiration . 
  going by the dead russian journalists maybe not, 
  does french crunchy roll have more options ? 
  like with manga translations . 
  do n't use website as much as i should, 
  it does look like alt-right are mobilizing to help out the far right in europe . 
  can these parties accept donations from individuals in other countries ? 
  since that 'll be bigger risk bit like when evangelicals fund lot of bigoted missionaries, 
  given how quickly these bloody things spread across facebook you 're likely not wrong . 
  we need pro eu memes, 
  check r / all rising tab the le pen sub reddit already getting trump boost, 
  he 's still an mep till we leave ( so getting fat wage and pension out of it ) and tries every election get a seat and fails . 
  plus with high court decision he 's been rallying again . 
  plus he 's been working with trump and hinted he might get white house job out of it, 
  got to be discussed the trump supporters/mods are already looking to influence [ european elections ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/5c8gsw/make_europe_great_again_check_out_our_sister/ ), 
  donald subreddit already saying they need to start getting behind her campaign [ and others ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/5c8gsw/make_europe_great_again_check_out_our_sister/ ) . 
  france is about to get meme 'd, 
  there were investigations from foreign funding for eu parties after that . 
  ukip tried to block it, 
  he was good friends with putin and wiki leaks claimed he gained from it through shell companies, 
  wonder if trump will lift those sanctions and take apart [ the magnitsky act ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/magnitsky_act ) how is everyone in ukraine feeling ? 
  it does feel like what trump does in office may effect what le pen and wilders chances in a positive or negative way for them . 
  wonder if brexit and dnc will have lessons for other parties on how to campaign . 
   dear italians , what will come next then ? 
  got to hit the next stage of sex and tax scandals . 
  their tweets seem quite hopeful , sounds like lot of european trumps are are empowered by this . 
  when trump talked about working alongside people in other countries , i imagine they are the ones on the top of his friends list  marine le pen 's most senior strategist : `` their world is collapsing . 
  ours is being built ''  florida and utah for @realdonaldtrump the people are taking their country back . 
  so will we . 
  - geert wilders  looks like 2016 is going to be the year of two big political revolutions @realdonaldtrump . 
  would be bigger than brexit !, 
  - farage, 
  this tweet got me doomed filled . 
   marine le pen 's most senior strategist : `` their world is collapsing . 
  ours is being built '', 
  trumps trade tariffs risks another recession according to economists and climate change is a big deal for us all . 
  traders have been shorting on the economy like they did before the last one . 
  they 're counting on a collapse, 
  trump reminds me too much of silvio, 
  politicians like trump are in europe too and they 're increasing in popularity . 
  this likely gave le pen hope, 
  it 's going to take lot of effort to prove troll account . 
  would be cool if there was a troll hunters sub, 
  not on reddit , but possible interview with two paid trollers https://youtu.be/oauluwxd_ri?t=57s, 
  maybe there a fairer system like working it out by penalty shoot out ... 
  leaves big promise died on day one after the result . 
  plus ` project fear ' was n't just a fantasy . 
  so be interesting to see how things have changed . 
  mps should hold local talks and debates on it, 
  some tories were not for leave . 
  likely fearing seeing businesses leave the country . 
  so maybe more infighting on both sides . 
  it all depends if china can forget the whole incident between mao and stalin which soured their relationship when they could of been strong allies . 
  rivalry lasted long time where nk could play the two against each other for aid . 
  i think china still thinks in its own interests more than teaming up for russia, 
  russian gov actually banned the adoption of russian children due to sanctions from eu and us . 
  the sanctions were because a whistleblower was murdered after he reported on russian officials were stealing public funds in russia . 
  gay scare is a scapegoat to distract to the public funds crimes https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sergei_magnitsky, 
  data for u.k. must be higher by now, 
  yeah , if you have shitty guilty client is n't it more about defending the established law of what the sentence should be than defending the client . 
  guess you 're not cool and intelligent then ? 
  it might be where i live which tells be otherwise too . 
  had friends and went to school with mixed religions . 
  even people i work with are all different worshippers . 
  at pride this year the jewish , christian and muslim lgbt groups all marched together, 
  multiculturalism is n't new though and its not a policy someone invented in last 10 years . 
  no culture remains the same for centuries . 
  humans always change and move around , it 's how we survive and improve .
