  it sounds like a dodgy way to influence another countries election . 
  buzz feed is blocked on this sub even as a link but google the title ` trump supporters online are pretending to be french to manipulate france 's election ', 
  they have proof readers from france who are helping and who are giving guides on french memes . 
  buzz feed did a good expose on it, 
  russia likes to kill whistleblowers maybe there 's been threats or he 's just part of that populist crowd, 
  curious about which ones ? 
  christianity it still worshipped across americas and europe . 
  even with secularism it still has a big influence, 
  he 'll look like vigo when gets older, 
  bannon pretty much admitted he thinks christianity is in crisis and they need to fight to restore things . 
  if they can use the same tactics they did to spread influence like when trying to stop the spread of communism , this is quite worrying . 
  content owners rent their movie or show to a local/national tv channel for x amount of time . 
  they say this channel will get exclusive rights to show that program for broadcast and on demand . 
  netflix might also own that content but for another country where no broadcaster has brought it yet . 
  if people skipped onto another netflix country , netflix is responsible for violating the exclusivity contract signed by another broadcaster . 
  content owners will sue and stop selling content to netflix as this would damage the contracts they can sell in the wider market . 
  so netflix can play it some countries and not others depending on the contracts that already exist . 
  it would be bad if netflix had a molopoly on all content . 
  if he was the main leader , is there a likelihood of infighting for the new leadership amongst the remaining guys, 
  last election should have been a clue , labour lost a lot of seats ( they put up a fight last time scotland had the vote to leave ) and now with uk leaving the eu it 's really more likely to happen . 
  if you work in an office anywhere you learn how people seem to bypass security measures and ignore things like do n't open links from unknown emails or dodgy websites . 
  the system is not the problem , but lot of people are incompetent, 
  what 's the reaction in france about this ? 
  boudica . 
  the gunpowder plot . 
  there was also fenian bomb plots in the 1800s ( think first bomb attack on london underground ) . 
  been a few far right and anarchist attacks too by individuals . 
  even some extreme suffragettes i think had a mini bomb and burning campaigns . 
  they 're losing the war at the main ground where they have hqs . 
  hopefully sign that they 're running out of money and resources to carry out attacks, 
  london since it was londondium . 
  they 'll always be some form of terror group and they will always target cities . 
  why most countries have active intelligence service to counter it, 
  is n't this the guy who said he 'd short on eu currency because he wants it to fail, 
  they 're around most tourist areas carrying guns sometimes with doggos too, 
  attacking a guy with a gun with a knife makes me think this is either stupidity terror attack or suicide by armed solider . 
  or both, 
  her dad came in to support fillon over it , so good chance fn got the same issue . 
  money from russia adds to the case against them too . 
  aye but they might have friends who fill that ticket, 
  what do people without much opinion on her or the eu feel about this ? 
  they think a race war will happen ... then they try to start one ... then they get mad when everyone unites peacefully in a vigil, 
  his subreddit tends to sits in all rising a lot , it looks like an insane rabble . 
   the man tipped to be donald trump 's ambassador to the european union has told the bbc the single currency `` could collapse '' in the next 18 months . 
   professor ted malloch said he would `` short the euro '' - taking a market position which bets on the value of the currency falling . 
  sounds like he 'd aim to make it collapse so make money for himself, 
  either some do speak french or they have reached fn supporters willing to translate . 
  documents buzzfeed got say they have rules where locals check their work before publishing it so it is in french and sounds like it 's done by a local auto mod killed my comment ( there 's a ban for buzzfeed here ) but google ` trump supporters online are pretending to be french to manipulate france 's election ' should bring up the buzzfeed article, 
  auto mod killed my comment ( there 's a ban for buzzfeed here ) but google ` trump supporters online are pretending to be french to manipulate france 's election ' should bring up the buzzfeed article, 
  sub has a block on buzzfeed articles . 
  so warning it 's a buzzfeed source . 
  np link is to the france thread . 
  edit for title : re-read it was the_europe that got mentioned, 
  because womens rights groups only look at one issue at a time ? 
  you are glossing over those who help at or set up support groups for victims or rape and abuse, 
  do n't jinx it, 
  according to bbc anything with royal seal of approval on it is getting exported on the train, 
  bulgarian presidents are hottest fandom over taking boy bands, 
  get impression he tried to play eu and russia against each other for benefits . 
  memory is fuzzy did n't they accuse the eu for trying to do the same for the protesters . 
  last one was her dad saying global warming will save everyone from dying of cold got a good laugh, 
  donald poster so anyone not far right is left . 
  even other right wingers, 
  there 's no way the eu will go easy on us as it will spark others to leave for better deal too . 
  we have to leave 100 % or the eu is doomed, 
  get trump , russia and europes elite to invest in property here so if war breaks out they wont want to damage their investment portfolio, 
  feel bad for all the people who have jobs at these companies if a trade war broke out . 
  bannon and co will be happy , likely part of the plan to dismantle everything globally, 
  not a good year for anyone to be of military age . 
   responding to trump 's comments that merkel had made an `` utterly catastrophic mistake by letting all these illegals into the country '' , gabriel said that the increase in the number of people fleeing the middle east to seek asylum in europe had partially been a result of us-led wars destabilising the region . 
   `` there is a link between america 's flawed interventionist policy , especially the iraq war , and the refugee crisis , that 's why my advice would be that we should n't tell each other what we have done right or wrong , but that we look into establishing peace in that region and do everything to make sure people can find a home there again '' , gabriel said . 
  if i lose loved ones in some pointless war because he dismantled nato . 
  i do n't think i 'll be stable mind ever again, 
  most party conferences has the press attend . 
  you can face criticism but you can also get interviews and other media coverage . 
  a democracy requires putting up with opposing voices and also having favorable ones too . 
  ` mr.president we have reason to beleive a world leader has dirt on you . 
  what action do you want to take ? ', 
  ` kiss his ass , send him gift baskets , tweet nice things ! ', 
  no matter how this goes it 's awful for trump . 
  he 's either ignoring ( either as an idiot or for a benefit ) the intelligence report stating another world leader pulled in resources to control or influence him . 
  he sings praises for putin which when this comes out will raise lot of questions . 
  or he desperately tried to become a puppet to get deals which he would benefit from . 
  also he 's kind of guy who is so petty for a hotel revenge romp, 
  both trump and 4chan are equally capable of either of this immaturity . 
  curious if any money sent back to poland from those who took jobs overseas helps local economy and jobs . 
  also does all the polish shops opening up across europe mean polish business can make more money exporting goods . 
  le pen been around politics lot more than trump . 
  so voters know the family and their views more . 
  trump was a unknown and could claim all kinds of political positions, 
  got to work for that paycheck from russian backers, 
  if this is waterloo we only beat napoleon with help from prussian army , we just held the line long enough but could not defeat napoleon alone . 
  wellington pretty much said waterloo was pretty close call . 
  plus that was a battle for a napoleon come back . 
  when trafalgar took place napoleon had already changed plans about clearing the channel , and even then there was a threat as napoleon was still building massive navy which was never completed in time . 
  other than voting and contacting your mep, 
  going by their other stories on reddit , could be https://www.reddit.com/domain/heatst.com/, 
  goes to show how little brexiters or trumpsters know about french politics . 
  there 's no doubt le pen is far right and too much of liability for the whole ` anti-establishment ' tricks they pulled off . 
  wonder if 12 year old is sign they are getting weaker and desperate for recruits .
