  these things make me expel a long deep sad sigh as a brit, 
  ` we 'll take good care of it if you guys ca n't decide . ', 
  - british museum whispering from the shadows, 
  it kept secret of its glass making for years until napoleon rolled into town . 
  most building have layer of marble which does n't get damaged by water . 
  you know building is at risk when the water level is above this marble layer ( which sadly is lot of the city from what i saw ), 
  you 'd be surprised how many majority of people are even in important jobs . 
  likely wont stop people smugglers from taking money and dumping people there . 
  if you 're desperate enough a wall wont stop you , just slows you down, 
  parents told me what life was like before the eu , quality of life in the uk was not great and did improve once in the union . 
  back then there was a better benefit system to fall back on . 
  why the remain camp in the government was flawed . 
  the best way to counter this argument was to admit their policies and cuts were causing the hardships . 
  it would lose them the election as the eu was a nice scapegoat . 
  even labour benefited , they did n't do much for the north after the tories closed industries there which fueled local economy . 
  one hand cameron sparked the referendum and then with the other his government created the push for people to vote leave . 
  this will be vital , can not lose entire generations education if they ever hope of doing well in life in adopted countries or with rebuilding syria after the wars . 
  small child losing even year of education would have a huge impact in their adult life . 
  you do realize muslim immigration and other immigration in general has happened for generations before this . 
  isis are bad and should be stopped , but they are a blip in history, 
  did n't vote for brexit myself . 
  plus uk does n't always mean anglo-saxon might get in trouble with anyone who strongly identifies themselves as celtic in the union . 
  why is that a problem ? 
  nah just had bad experiences with french admin and uk admin in general ( from the uk and my partner is french if it helps , maybe you 've had other luck ) . 
  makes me think too that if you were parents made up of a citizen and non citizen , it might cause issues . 
  would it be one off or frequent admin checks against id and birth certificate or adoption papers . 
  admin and moral headache . 
  can easily see people slipping through or people being denied due to terrible paperwork . 
  many might think ` this wont affect my life ' but you 'd still need to hurdle through proving you are a citizen and the parent along with the immigrants . 
  more angles you look at it , more it makes less sense . 
  it would still create an admin headache trying to prove childrens parents are legal . 
  may tried same thing in uk and failed due to it . 
  poor citizens would struggle as they need to pay for the ids and schools were against handling the admin for it, 
  sounds like people want to bash muslims more than take look at pros and cons of adding policy to an immigration system . 
  given how bad french administration can be . 
  i doubt/hipe many would not want more administration to prove they are citizens to get their kids into schools . 
  even if it 's not ideal now , it 'll get worse if more hurdles to mixed schools and education are created . 
  in most cases integration improves through the generations . 
  first generation struggles the most , but their children and grandchildren tend to improve since they interact more with children in schools . 
  say you moved from estonia to france for work . 
  you might at first meet up with other estonians to help you settle . 
  yet even then your kids who grow up in french educational system will integrate better than you . 
  you might even meet other parents at the school , who you would n't chat to otherwise . 
  with added admin ( which is n't great in france ) you and your children will feel more like outsiders if this policy was in place and integrate less or go to schools which are cheap and likely more filled with immigrants like yourself . 
  should n't really punish children for what they might do as an adult . 
  thatcher snatched milk from children . 
  le pens going after their access to easy education . 
  makes milk snatching seem tame, 
  i hope then you find some nicer people to change your mind one day to just at least agree they should be able to have their children educated without too many hurdles at least . 
  because arseholey knows no religion or race . 
  luckily being nice or just ordinary does n't know religion or race either . 
  black shirts did the same thing ( nazi party of the uk back in the 40s ) , tried to get funding from a jewish businessman and complained about jewish community in the uk and quickly back tracked with a ` oh not people like yourself , of course ' . 
  they did n't get any funding . 
  also good luck for businesses trying to hire foreign workers to fill skill gaps . 
  forcing a wage increase to cover education costs . 
  those workers might question why they have to pay taxes into system blocked from them . 
  sounds like she 's inventing the issue too , never heard of this being a problem before . 
  it 'll have an negative impact still even if you feel it is right , it might not be worth the hassle . 
  if immigrants get hired and move in , why should they be paying french taxes and be forced to also extra fees to just educate their children ? 
  why bother paying into that system which you are blocked from . 
  if you argue ` what if they have no jobs ' then what about french citizens who are long term unemployed , would this mean they are at risk of losing benefit of education to their children ? 
  to create a caste society unable to get out of position which they struggle with . 
  what kind of society are you going to build if you deny a percentage or create hurdles for basic education for young children . 
  you end up with a higher % of poorly educated which is a bigger issue to budgets because they will likely require more benefits as they grow older and not get into employment to pay higher taxes . 
  are you going to force schools to police this also , to turn children away from the gate if they did n't pay up or the admin is slow . 
  to add i question if le pen is inventing a problem which is n't there or a significant issue . 
  to create more negative attention to a group and win votes . 
  when did education immigrants and visa workers become an issue ? 
  20 years later she 'll moan , ` foreigners are uneducated and not contributing to our society with proper jobs which require qualifications which is their fault not ours ' plus is n't it in far right play book to start denying the groups you dislike access to education , next up owning businesses and then moving people into slums . 
  makes sense , did n't realize they had ongoing issues between two countries with the war, 
  why else would germany really want to invade belgium and everyone freak out ... chocolate and beer suppleis, 
  might be nice way to unite beyond the conflict . 
   capital punishment is legal in syria . 
  [ 1 ] current laws allow the death penalty for treason , murder , political acts such as bearing arms against syria in the ranks of the enemy , desertion of the armed forces to the enemy and acts of incitement under martial law or in wartime , violent robbery , rape , membership of the muslim brotherhood and drug trafficking . 
  executions are carried out by hanging in public . 
  wikipedia page on syrian capital punishment, 
  extremists or more linked to mental health issues people go through fleeing war zones ? 
  heard of refugee kids having night terrors , violent break downs in adults would n't be a far off as another sign, 
  teenagers talked about having sports sites in other articles about this story , which is unsurprising to lot of football fans . 
  before politics , fake news was focused heavily on football . 
  to the point were subs like / r/soccer list the source and there are sayings like ` if its not on the bbc it 's not true ' for transfer news . 
  all the dirt comes out just in time for the election season build up . 
  wonder how much is held back if it might affect a rival at this point, 
  wonder if its like cancer treatment where it could be improved to lower the death rate, 
  should look at doping too if rumours are true, 
  think it might have been something like ` do you think he could be a member of isis ? ... naaah former gay porn start highly unlikely ', 
  did n't syrian civil war kick off due to droughts ? 
  farmers/rural areas came into the city and ended up unemployed , angry and protested . 
  government crackdowns ended up starting escalating it into civil war . 
  either they found jobs and settled without help of any centres . 
  or they 're held back from not having qualifications that cover german laws and regulations . 
  so need to get certificate before they can work in same field again, 
  if you 're on holiday always worth checking out italian supermarket . 
  fruit and fresh looks fat and picture perfect . 
  everyone queuing at the fresh deli stands than buying boxed pre-made rubbish . 
  do n't need to ban it , likely not hard to verify a website which you know fact checks , hires trained journalists , see how much of its news is fake or real . 
  even biased news can be based on some fact checking . 
  fake news is just writing a factless conspiracy for click bait and is n't usually run by trained or union journalist . 
  lot of these fake news sites were given or are trying to get verification tick , because facebook already tries to limit non verified pages from spamming shares to get click bait money . 
  true he 's being trying to get uk government jobs but failing and moaning about it .
