  what if acting it out gives them the confidence or feeling of normality in their actions to escalate to abusing a real child . 
  or seeking child porn which contributes to more abuse . 
  more studies would have to be made into if this stops attacks or creates more . 
  when people use sex toys they do n't stop having sex with real people . 
  sex toys can be used to improve sex and desire for a partner . 
  even people with rape fetish when they act it out have consent and safe words , so its not the same there either . 
  there are risks here and it needs to be controlled or stopped than let lose until we find out if it causes problems . 
  they 're always here try and post anything vaguely positive about immigrants or refugees . 
  the story most likely wont see the light of the front age . 
  we 've always been at war with germany and the warmongers, 
  yep they 've had their scummy tabloid moments , he even boasted about hacking celebs phones, 
  the mirror has always been our prime example that not all tabloids have to be right wing . 
  might be cost of running shelters and hotlines long term, 
  was n't there a tradition of just having a guy skillfully jump over a bull as it charged at him . 
  that sounds more impressive than stabbing it, 
  ever since grenfell i wonder how fire proof this idea is . 
  like having a forest fire on the side of your building, 
  bottom bars might be a clue . 
  maybe lot of the courses at colleges now tend to be career choices which women are commonly found in and more practical jobs are found as apprenticeships at companies . 
  heard there are schemes trying to end this gap . 
  boys statically tend to stop reading at a young age and are encouraged into more physical pursuits than academic or care system ones nowadays . 
  so the schemes aim to get boys into reading and to have more encouragement into subjects like care system , working with children , academic topics . 
  [ relevant yes prime minister episode about salami tactics ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkbdksnsjac ), 
  heard putin wants part of his legacy to be bringing back old soviet states back into russian control . 
  he 's quite bitter about how things went after the fall . 
  birthrate is about 600,000-700 ,000 per year for a population of 81 million, 
  you either have refugees arrive and they rely on illegal means to survive , or they arrive and you know how many , where they are and any other checks/services that 's needed . 
  lot of the numbers online vary from 300,000 to 600,000 refugees in 2015-2016 . 
  to put that in perspective germany has a population of 81 million . 
  for people who might say ` gov needs to be prepared for 600,00 people to be homed , educated in languae , access to services ' in 2015 [ 737,575 ] ( https://www.statista.com/statistics/295344/number-of-births-in-germany/ ) babies were born in germany where they expect that or around 600,000 to be added to their population numbers . 
  if you apply for asylum you get checked . 
  i think not having a limit is a way to prevent people entering unchecked and staying illegally . 
  at least this way you have an idea of how many arrived , where they are , and give them access to public services, 
  especially when its contaminated with medicine not fit for human consumption, 
  sounds like someone they were looking for in connection to the first one had n't stopped his business venture . 
  looks more like france raising a patriotic middle finger to me, 
  if i was killed i 'd rather have my killer in jail for life for the chance that one day they might regret it, 
   neither their relatives nor their legal advisors will be informed of the date of execution ; even the condemned ones learned about it only a few minutes before to add the guards come to the cell door everyday and stand there for a moment to make you unsure if it was the day you were going to die or not . 
  i think this information was from a prisoner who was found innocent . 
  everyday the guards were at his door until he was found innocent . 
  recall seeing one plan which had concrete corkscrew ramps for cars on either side once, 
  usually first group of people to get shot when opposition forces take over your town are the men . 
  think he walked calmly once as snipers were trying to take shots at him during a parade once . 
  ah okay did n't realize thought it was, 
  i 'm kinda more glad when these laws are raised by conservative governments . 
  too many people assume sexual preference also means what politics or religion you follow ( so if you 're gay they assume you 're left wing and not religious ) . 
  it 's nice to have examples which prove its more complex to help stop that knee jerk automatic opposition . 
  they 're cement could set underwater . 
  romans knew how to make shit, 
  us sells weapons to bahrain . 
  russia sells to syria . 
  i 'm no fan of russian gov , but there 's lot of dodgy stuff going on with weapon sales in the middle east on all sides . 
  think post crash its one way to make lot of money, 
  recall reading about him some years back http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-20547335, 
  yeah its not starting from strong point that 's for sure . 
  i 'm not expecting it to be accepted over night . 
  think progress at best is some mosques have met with lgbt groups to support them , but still need to accept lgbt muslims . 
  there are lgbt mosques in france , canada , uk but they 're still very small and get threats . 
  at pride they 're a small group compared to christian lgbt groups which had a head start in lgbt religious rights . 
  there 's still lot of un-acceptance and hatred with violence , which is hard to fight at times , but it does n't look like that 's stopped people from trying to stop it as this might take generations . 
  if you 're interested [ imaan ] ( https://imaanlondon.wordpress.com/islam-sexuality/ ) has a good faq on the topic . 
  all you can hope is that they get the progress they seek but to also understand it 's a tough road they 're on . 
  both de-racialized neo nazi or islamic extremist could have those views . 
  well , also people from all sides of society can have those views and never join a hate/terror group . 
  that 's why we need to allow women 's rights groups , lgbt groups etc to campaign freely and show these views to be unacceptable and reach out to change minds . 
  with the support of laws which prevent such discrimination from all parts of society . 
  in the uk we even have charities which help people who are at risk of being victims of honour violence . 
  i 've also come across muslim lgbt groups and women rights groups who are trying to make change within which is a tough fight but they 're getting stronger with support . 
  it 's not easy but these groups have and will continue to make a difference too . 
  makes me wonder if the tactics used to interfere in the us elections was more aimed at russian citizens to deflate any hope that there 's a wall for them to jump over . 
  in a sense that ` you think they 're free and that open democracy is safe ? 
  look at how useless that hope is . 
  accept your fate ' it 's no secret when putin is asked about negatives of his decisions he compares it to anything bad us has done to say ` this is how the world works . 
  there 's no alternatives ', 
  they 've had good success over the years with doing the same tactics with de-radicalizing neo nazis . 
  makes sense to expand it to other extreme groups . 
  denmark has a good scheme he 's one kids account on how it worked for him . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-33344898  it was the police and they wanted to invite ahmed out for a cup of coffee . 
   he went , reluctantly . 
   `` something inside me said these people are never going to leave you alone , so why do n't you see them face-to-face and just say your opinion . 
  so i went to the meeting and they gave me some coffee and we talked and i was angry and i said , ` you know what , i 'm going to pakistan . 
  it 's not illegal . 
  i can do what i want . 
  when i get the money , when i 've finished high school , that 's where i 'm going . 
  see you later . ' '', 
   but the police had an offer . 
  they wanted him to meet someone , another muslim , they said , who could talk to him about his feelings and his anger in a way that they , the police could not . 
  ahmed smiles again as he remembers his indignant reaction . 
  what kind of muslim could this be ? 
  clearly a traitor . 
   this is how he met mahmoud . 
  and this is how he was introduced to what the world has now come to call the aarhus model . 
   the aarhus model  the model involves both prevention and cure . 
  in some cases it offers young people returning from syria the opportunity to reintegrate into danish society , provided they 've committed no offence abroad . 
  in others , it provides mentoring for those intent on going to syria , to persuade them not to travel . 
   efforts to prevent radicalisation have been running since 2007 . 
  preparations for dealing with events in syria started in mid-2013 . 
   an extensive network including parents , social workers , teachers , youth club workers , outreach workers and the police may raise the alarm about a young person who is being radicalised . 
  individual counselling is provided for people who intend to travel to syria , and in some cases a mentor is assigned . 
  parents of these people take part in self-help groups .
