  france does have declarations which cover women being equal in law and allowing some freedom of religion . 
  so can see why it was overturned by the courts . 
  sadly doubt we 've seen end of this story though . 
  issue is women who are not religious can cover up as they like . 
  me and others i knew used to cover up lot as a kid due to low self esteem and embarrassment at our own bodies . 
  some of that shame did come from our family and peers too . 
  damn on opposite side , i had friends who were overweight who would be told to cover up because ` no one wants to see that ' . 
  we were told in school to wear shorts or skirts , so lot of us were jealous of the muslim girls who could wear leggings . 
  now we can agree covering up did n't help me or my friends look or feel any better and letting myself get bullied did me no help . 
  yet it would have been mortifying if someone told me to strip off parts of my outfit to ` help me ' get better or to help me defeat my bullies . 
  it would feel like the group who could help you against the bullies is now a bully too . 
  this is what this law is doing , no woman even an obsessed one is going to feel the flood of freedom if she 's forced to take off parts of her outfit by the police . 
  if she 's forced to cover up she will feel bullied . 
  if she 's forced to take off clothes , she will feel bullied . 
  woman who designed it with it to be much cooler to wear sports than what they already use when doing sports in australia . 
  she hoped maybe non religious women who feel shy in other swimwear or people who have skin conditions could use it too . 
  fights are between two neighborhoods living there . 
  so the muslims are the local villagers too . 
  there 's been other fights started by both sides in the area . 
  tensions goes way beyond the women in burkinis ( who i doubt were the majority of the ones fighting or even took part ) yet they 're the ones punished . 
  it does feel like it is because they 're an easy target . 
  worrying part is does this law reduce the tensions or increase it . 
  making one side feel pushed down and the other neighborhood more superior in its actions in the fights or raiding mosques . 
  it would seem fairer to ban people going to the beach for a period of time and arrest those who took part in the fights or just ban them individually for a time to cool off . 
  than creating one law which just targets the women on one side of the fighting . 
  now its international news and its creating more tension, 
  france still has freedom of religion . 
  also christianity is pretty strong there too . 
  it 's pretty easy to assume a nun on a beach in full habit would n't get much trouble . 
  no one shall be disquieted on account of his opinions , including his religious views , provided their manifestation does not disturb the public order established by law . 
  people arguing over the public order part . 
  yet the tensions in the beach fights go way beyond burkini . 
  ban itself likely causes more tension to public order . 
  plus there 's whole part about women and men being equal in law i think , this law does target one after the other . 
  so you could argue would a man in long sleeves like this be fined too . 
  how about a penalty shoot out ? 
  long as englands not involved i think we can beat isis in a penalty round, 
  this is issue with this kind of practice , it 's easy for companies to jump from country to country . 
  situation these kids in might be a never ending cycle of misery . 
  miss out on education to keep family going , yet family are poor due to lack of good education and better job prospects . 
  good education is connected to increasing a countries wealth and quality of life . 
  even if the kids do n't do it , the adults should still get livable wage and work conditions . 
  some of factory fires and building collapses in india have revealed some horrid truths it 's something we saw in the victorian era in london which we changed . 
  yet while companies go global the unions do n't . 
  the other issue is clothes quality wise is also cheap . 
  i feel like we buy more partly due to social fashion demands , and also how long they last . 
  if an outfit looks good on me and lasts enough years for me to save up for the next set of clothes . 
  i might be satisfied by this cost to quality difference . 
  textile industry is hard to be ethical in as a consumer , it 's one of the major issues with it . 
  `` its not child labour ... because child labour is legal there . 
  so we can ignore ethical issues of forcing kids to work instead of having an education or childhood because on paper it 's legal . '', 
  i mean by that logic what 's stopping you from asking north korea for people to slave at their production in a prison camp . 
  bbc article today about protesting in russia http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-37173820, 
  there lot of tension in the area between neighborhoods who both go the beach . 
  there 's been mosques attacked and riots on the beach . 
  yet imo the ban wont make this tension go away . 
  might make it worse if anything . 
  he is actually a she . 
  she made the design herself from what she and other female relatives go through when trying to do sport in a hijab in australia . 
  sounds like it 's more than just the burkinis creating tension though , as there are series of other incidents creating tensions from families and neighborhoods before this one . 
  even with the burkini ban there 's still going to be tension or make it worse long term . 
  as one side feels restricted and the other side more empowered . 
  reminds me of how troubles tensions got worse in ni when one neighborhood was forced into curfew and the other was n't . 
  from what i read the people rioting were not women in burkinis yet they are being forced to change because of the actions of locals and other locals from the estates . 
  sounds like easiest target is getting pushed around and the people who riot are not affected . 
  sounds like with the riot it would be best to close the beaches so everyone learns a lesson . 
  rather than targeting small group . 
  wonder if a nun in full habit would have the same issues as a muslim woman in a burkini at the beach . 
  you still see nuns in france who dress in religious outfits which cover them up the same . 
  i 'd bet good money if a nun was lying on the beach wearing her full habit she would be left alone . 
   it was about integration and acceptance and being equal and about not being judged . 
  it was difficult for us at the time , the muslim community , they had a fear of stepping out . 
  they had fear of going to public pools and beaches and so forth , and i wanted girls to have the confidence to continue a good life . 
  sport is so important , and we are australian !, 
  i wanted to do something positive -- and anyone can wear this , christian , jewish , hindus . 
  it 's just a garment to suit a modest person , or someone who has skin cancer , or a new mother who does n't want to wear a bikini , it 's not symbolising islam . 
   when i named it the burkini i did n't really think it was a burqa for the beach . 
  burqa was just a word for me -- i 'd been brought up in australia all my life , and i 'd designed this swimsuit and i had to call it something quickly . 
  it was the combination of two cultures -- we 're australians but we are also muslim by choice . 
  the burqa does n't symbolise anything here , and it 's not mentioned in the qur ' an and our religion does not ask us to cover our faces , it 's the wearer 's choice to do so . 
  burqa is nowhere in any islamic text . 
  i had to look the word up , and it was described as a kind of coat and cover-all , and at the other end you had the bikini , so i combined the two . 
   this negativity that is happening now and what is happening in france makes me so sad . 
  i hope it 's not because of racism . 
  i think they have misunderstood a garment that is so positive -- it symbolises leisure and happiness and fun and fitness and health and now they are demanding women get off the beach and back into their kitchens ? 
   this has given women freedom , and they want to take that freedom away ? 
  so who is better , the taliban or french politicians ? 
  they are as bad as each other . 
  given people cheered and shouted for her to ` go home ' sounds like its empowering people to see another set of people as inferior and okay to humiliate . 
  which is never a good idea for a free society, 
  wonder if the imperial war museum will buy it and other archive pieces of importance . 
  though there is cool war museum in paris too, 
  if people are being forced domestically , more money to charities which can help them escape and report it to the police, 
  what about wet suits and a swimming hat ? 
  is that okay, 
  france is n't that secular , catholicism is still pretty strong, 
  i 'm guessing strict muslim women will just wear wet suits . 
  rather than this brand of design for the burkini . 
  not sure how they 're going to enforce with with wet suit wearers . 
  should just play civ like everyone else,
