  number if issues on multiple different pilot errors . 
  tried to sum up [ this report ] ( http://www.popularmechanics.com/flight/a3115/what-really-happened-aboard-air-france-447-6611877/ ) they flew into a storm ( other flights did divert ) . 
  they did n't study patterns of the storm to see how strong it was . 
  there were two pilots both veterans and one inexperienced pilot . 
  the captain goes for a nap leaving the inexperienced pilot in control . 
  they turn on de icers and inexperienced pilot pretty much asks the other pilot for help on other things they need to do to stop the ice . 
  sensors get iced over anyway , so they have to fly by hand . 
  however neither pilot had been trained on how to fly under these conditions . 
  yet the inexperienced pilot is left in control . 
  even though they black box shows he discussed issues of it earlier , the inexperienced pilot for some reason pulls the plane into steep climb . 
  even with alarms shouting stall 75 times loudly , no pilot notices the stall alarms from this climb throughout them looking for solutions on whats going wrong . 
  they notice they are climbing and veteran says to descend , systems work again and still they say to descend . 
  inexperienced pilot says okay but does n't lower the nose of the plane and continues to climb . 
  they try and call the captain . 
  more mistakes are made by the pilot in control , veteran does n't notice from what he 's doing while he 's also trying to control the plane ( which would n't work ) . 
  they fail to know what the other is trying to do . 
  captain returns and they say they 've tried everything but lost control of the plane . 
  captain says he also does n't know what they can do . 
  they try to level/drop the nose , but it does n't work . 
  co pilot says to climb . 
  inexperienced pilot says he 's still in control and been climbing the whole time . 
  captain shouts to not climb . 
  co pilot takes control and changes this but the plane is at a precipitous angle more alarms sound and no time to alter this . 
  inexperience pilot takes control again and pulls the stick back again and next few second the plane crashes . 
   airlines around the world will change their training programs to enforce habits that might have saved the doomed airliner : paying closer attention to the weather and to what the planes around you are doing ; explicitly clarifying who 's in charge when two co-pilots are alone in the cockpit ; understanding the parameters of alternate law ; and practicing hand-flying the airplane during all phases of flight . 
  it can be a coping mechanism too , a way to avoid or detach from horrors of a disaster like this . 
  but you could argue there are better/other places to express it, 
  esp if you need taxes from working people to pay for the care of the boom of retired population, 
  does n't take much to be in thier position and id likely do the same thing . 
  it 's how we evolved , moving away from bad situations taking risks to survive, 
  i do n't blame desperate people . 
  the issue is there are lot of gangs who use them to raise money . 
  they will cut costs and usually snatch people after these routes for slavery . 
  the solution to stop this is hard . 
  likely mix of things some will like and some wo n't like , you need to help make sure there are less desparate people to know warning signs like econmic collapse and war causes the move , make routes for them to move country less complex and years to process , crack down on trafficking gangs, 
  thought that would be france , since they get the most manga translated early, 
  i think japan made an anime about it, 
  maybe we should open up an arcade with farming and train sim games, 
  i like architecture of the older buildings , quite pretty, 
  does it take 20years to learn swedish ? 
  how many become tax payers ? 
  i mean would n't that boost budget if they were allowed to pay in ( i know asylum seekers are usually barred from work for months or more in some countries ), 
  seat in the middle at lords is the woolmeade and was stuffed with wool to represent ( at the times ) one of our biggest exports to remind them of countries productivity i think, 
  speakers seem to get one of two questions in on topic which will hush mps jeers . 
  something which would look bad if they did n't shut up during the question, 
  you know feminist groups do work in countries like afghanistan for womens rights ? 
  ( one group was there before the invasion ) not every group/person only tweets frustration but maybe that 's only one you read about, 
  there 's been lot of raids , this might be out of panic and weakness than anything . 
  they still had enough to do damage , but maybe police were closing in . 
  if we 're lucky might be last of the group left operating in brussels, 
  wonder if this was planned or unplanned rushed act of desperation with all the arrests and raids . 
  sadly west improved rights for its textile workers and the industry nodded and then moved somewhere else . 
  instead of helping those workers , we 've kept them on poor conditions with our buying habits and then moan they took our jobs . 
  people were moaning at why refugees were n't staying in turkey , likely because it 's going through lot or turmoil too, 
  suicide by cops far more common than attacks , though this is still horrifying levels of it . 
  most people just say they have a weapon , sounds like she 's lost it completely, 
  saying it 's the victims fault is n't anything new or from pc been going on for years sadly, 
  they could make relocation more official or not be a 5 year wait at over crowded refugee camps . 
  maybe we should not expect turkey and lebanon to house everyone alone . 
  as much as you 'd like them to , people wo n't sit in refugee camps for decades unemployed and see their kids grow up with little to no education or future . 
  though even then people smuggling can happen in other routes , this crisis did n't invent it overnight . 
  even closing down borders or more countries taking people in . 
  smuggling will take place . 
  crazy times does n't sound like there is one solution to fix it, 
  you be right , might have gone like : her parents take her to the police , then the police tell the press , and the press use her statement or track her down . 
  the truth may have also hit the press if her parents went to the police then too . 
  ca n't even sneak a bottle of water into most theme parks, 
  feel bad for the expecting parents reading the fear stories, 
  think asylum seekers in denmark are blocked from getting jobs for 6 months . 
  sounds like its either benefits or help/let them get paid work . 
  which always creates arguments of job stealing or living off the state . 
  when we argue for better integration , you wonder if this creates more of a divide, 
  people say same to all victims really . 
  most victims are given very simple ` wtf just leave . 
  ' , ` why are you even with them ? ', 
  without taking in consideration the level of control , blame and mental issues an abuser will put on a victim to make it seem impossible . 
  why most sites offer advise how to be safe living with an abuser as they prepare to leave . 
  man or woman , it can be safer not to fight back . 
  just hide , protect yourself from fatal injuries or run . 
  seen male victim site mention risk of arrest more so than for women victims . 
  yet it always creates same fear and control, 
  one politician from uk visiting camp , was shocked to see there was no one from un or gov keeping track of the people there and what asylum process they had signed up to if any . 
  thanks for the example , guess when there 's investigation of events this will be part of what happened and went wrong , if more could have been done, 
  it 'll be interesting if with reports coming in they sent out warnings , told officers to look out for it more or approach and check on women who were crying or obviously shaken for statements . 
  from other stories the amounts of people involved and tactics made it sound like it was n't subtle or hidden assaults . 
  you 'd expect some kind of escalation for a incident like this on a night where major incidents could happen, 
  ` lack of resources ' was mentioned too not sure how true but with these events surely they 'd have a scenario plan if one area became esp bad and needed reinforcements . 
  with all the terror warnings you 'd expect them to have police ready to be deployed to help a zone or react to large crowded dangers . 
  did any warnings go out at stations/events or social media about assaults ? 
  police criticism is interesting and i think valid . 
  it happened over space of few hours with large groups and even an officer was assaulted . 
  what were they doing ? 
  surely people were reporting it and witnessing it . 
  seen report saying police argued lack of resources , but surely will all the terror attack fears they should have been ready to deploy officers to one area to deal with crowds and safety . 
  even without terror fear you 'd think new years ( and other holidays with drinking ) would mean police are expecting to deal with large rowdy crowds causing trouble . 
  police might skip lot of criticism since with lot of elements being part of this i think asylum seeker political side is going to be biggest focus for lot of people . 
  since its a hotter topic, 
  weird since heard some years back germnay still has issues with calling women ` rabenmutter ' ( raven mothers ) for leaving their kids/home to return to work . 
  that david bowie starman song kinda works as a christmas song, 
  yeah they 've earnt their turn to moan about the next group on immigrants .
