  had to read that last bit a few times . 
  is n't that admitting his party are bunch of idiots for voting leave . 
  or is there another context, 
  was n't there rumours of a love child ? 
  even so as conservatives sex scandals go , pretty tame . 
  thick of it is about right . 
  funnily enough ukip opposed transparency with outside eu doners , which was a drive to see who was getting money from the kremlin front national is known to have taken money from kremlin and also opposed the plans . 
  fn is also pushing for a referendum http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/ukip/11666944/ukip-under-fire-after-blocking-scrutiny-of-party-donations.html, 
  have disagreements with each other . 
  mostly going by what i recall going on with ukraine and diplomatic tension between everyone . 
  think lot of politicians in germany have accused putin of trying to destabilize germany , which might be why its top of my mind . 
  germany does n't want the economy to tank and they also seem to knock heads with putin lot more . 
  last thing we need is western europe to weaken . 
  i was saying it to people all way through . 
  we will have to negotiation new deals and this does n't mean we 'll get better ones . 
  attitude seemed to be to ignore this , or pfft we 're great they 'll be begging for our trade and we can do better alone . 
  he called it cose they were scared of losing voters to ukip in the election as the press hyped up the eu hate . 
  now those voters have put them in a position where the country is screwed or the conservative party is screwed . 
  or both . 
  its a default british emotion , especially after thursday, 
  do you has more details on this one ? 
  ` yes we caused a famine , but you were thinking about going on a diet anyway . ', 
  it scary impressive even with technology we had for wws how much and how long we can make an area dead to human life . 
  nuclear weapons are scary enough , yet even with these shells and bombs we can fuck up life . 
  i think parts of iraq saw birth defects in new babies due to weapons used in the invasion . 
  given the history that was n't long ago give it time . 
  this is only likely to work if scotland leaves . 
  which will be a while after uk leaves . 
  no reason to heat up passions for something which should take long time to do, 
  what was the public reaction to these refugees compared to syrians, 
  bit of big blow to welsh independence . 
  they 're going to watch thier celtic neighbours go independent while they 're stuck with the english, 
  yeah this shit works sadly . 
  sun have done it for number of times and result tends to go for who they support . 
  my nerves are up, 
  '' `` there is a remedy which ... would in a few years make all europe ... free and ... happy . 
  it is to re-create the european family , or as much of it as we can , and to provide it with a structure under which it can dwell in peace , in safety and in freedom . 
  we must build a kind of united states of europe . '' - churchill, 
  just take his passport , uk police do it for our hooligans . 
  http://www.inbrief.co.uk/football-law/football-banning-orders/  passports and reporting  a person who has been given a football banning order will be required to report to a specific police station within 5 days . 
   in exceptional circumstances they will also be required to surrender their passport and report to a police station during the control periods in relation to matches outside the uk . 
  guess the only question left is ... a/s/l ? 
  surprised the remain campaign have n't used this quote, 
  there 's one where mp called john prescott punched and wrestled someone who threw an egg at him . 
  they had to add glass to viewers gallery in parliament due to incidents of flour and eggs being thrown . 
  my old village had a gun shop . 
  you can still get them for sports or farming . 
  yet witness reports make it sound like antique or replica which has been armed illegally . 
  depends how you use it . 
  flash it and say jesus loves you , that 's okay . 
  marching in military uniform and intimidating others for not being christian . 
  would get most being nervous, 
  yeah would n't judge other christians with their groups behavior . 
  yet if he was a member , as an individual group they 're going to need to take long hard look at their actions and members . 
  militarizing themselves creates hyped up feeling of attack and defend . 
  surprised they have n't been banned already , seen other religious groups been banned for similar intimidation . 
  they like to burst into mosques and halal places and shout at people . 
  roles reversed and it would be national news, 
  the government the people voted for, 
  hah aw garageband free sound loops you never forget them, 
  england fa has pretty good system banning any known hooligans from traveling overseas , the police with take your passport . 
  even in the uk if a match is on you report to the police station to make sure you 're not there starting fights . 
  cheers !, 
  anyone know the best place to find out about how badly affected some places are ? 
  tried to buy some stuff online once and got a call from my bank warning me that money of mine was being sent to luxembourg and if i had done it . 
  yep it was microsoft, 
  is it issue with being an island , if they 're being brought in . 
  though if they 're uk based damn that pricing . 
  winters coming, 
  you get hit by a train and body parts will fly off . 
  high impact can mess you . 
  wait until black box or till anyone claims they did it with evidence . 
  24/7 news ca n't handle long investigations like this, 
  sounds like ( so far ) all mention of explosion is gone , just the plane made sharp turns and fell off radar with a signal going out . 
  but still unknown as to why . 
  thought gaelic football was biggest sport in ireland, 
  does sending distress signal mean it 's not a bomb . 
  thought those tend to go big, 
  uk demands only over 18s watch eurovision, 
  it 's like when china started its own nobel peace prize when a dissident won, 
  europe you have to get along . 
  why ? 
  because you came close the killing everything , just calm the fuck down stop invading each other and chill with the nukes . 
  we 'll try our best, 
  3 ) suicide by cop attempt . 
  if he has history of serious mental health issues as suggested by police , could be a dark attempt of suicide by cop . 
  because multiculturalism only started last year and hasnt been going on in london and elsewhere for centuries without much issue . 
  it 's not like all of human history has been about movement of people and mixing cultures, 
  so americans judging elections by how someone looks or how they worship than what they say and do . 
  kinda not surprising, 
  bet you kha n't wait for him to start, 
  maybe you can during international football tounaments, 
  good luck everyone, 
  did n't say they had no families . 
  i can not pick sides in how awful the troubles were, 
  everyone 's corrupt but only the ones which putin does n't like seem to fall foul of heart attacks or shootings, 
  they are still people with family who would be impacted by the deaths, 
  still civilians did get killed and police/army had families, 
  see you guys when it blows up in our faces and we decide to come back, 
  if the pay wall pops up just google the headline and click the link to get round it,
