  partner says there is n't even a postal vote available which sucks for him as he 's not free on voting day . 
  annoying thing is if you find one you can only claim the infringement if you own it . 
  seen number of fake bbc ones, 
  [ for the curious ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkbdksnsjac ), 
  how much media coverage does each person on the ballot get ? 
  i heard in france they get most candidates on tv for set amount of time to talk, 
  fn creating image they are less far right than they were but the comments reveal they are the same and just holding it in for the sake of the election, 
  people wo n't believe its the far right unless they goosestep in nazi uniform . 
  even then some people would just say ` they 're just joking around ', 
  is there much word on putin making himself king to stay into power for much longer ( than he already is ) or is this wishful thinking from his biggest fans, 
  i think there 's lot of nationalism anti-activism talk online which is an influence . 
  they 've been recruiting for years and targeting websites like reddit and it 's working . 
  bit like how isis has been recruiting its youth online . 
  post financial crisis the youth are left behind job and future wise and these extreme groups are feeding on it . 
  lot of these kids never knew pre-9 / 11 world they 've grown up with wars , terrorists , economic crisis , social media hate mobs , 24/7 sensational news etc it 's going to fuck up your world view, 
  countries in africa have the same issue, 
  american evangelicals have done lot of damage in africa already by how much money they raise to push homophobic agendas, 
  was n't long ago they hosted the euros football tournament together, 
  rich of other countries come here for the property and assets hiding, 
  if only the rich landowners the communists overthrew knew this they would have signed up, 
  spain was quite lucky in hows theirs ended compared to others, 
  zsl do some great work and have made great work at improving their enclosures in london to be bigger . 
  they even include for all animals parts of the enclosure for the animal to chill in and not see/be seen by visitors . 
  unlike places like sea world you wo n't see zsl staff doing entertainment routines with animals , they keep the animals wild behavior . 
  they have volunteer programs for their conservation work if you want to help out . 
  https://www.zsl.org/conservation/conservation-initiatives https://www.zsl.org/conservation/get-involved, 
  the german deck chair towel is now reserved onto greece . 
  before ww2 france was massively anti-semitic also . 
  could do more with the option to live in israel, 
  recall reading good hygiene helped many survive the plague and religious groups like judaism with its traditions which involved more washing meant more people survived . 
  however , it also meant people thought those groups were the cause as they died less . 
  not 100 % on it as fact , kinda got to be careful online . 
  the abuse tottenham fans get for being known as a jewish club is awful when they travel to europe . 
  would austerity after the crisis be the cause ? 
  mix the two for the pink sauce, 
  there are still issues when coming out you deal with rejection . 
  even with laws changing there are still those who shun friends and family . 
  it 's nice to have pride and know many can be shown they are not alone or need to be hidden or ashamed . 
  there can be rejection from family and peers for some when coming out which likely contributes to the high suicide rate . 
  pride is a way to say ` it 's okay and you 're not alone . 
  be proud . ', 
  families and businesses can breath a sigh of relief . 
  time to write to your mp if you want them to keep it in, 
  twitter is freaking out about it . 
  what are his policies in detail though ? 
  i know french voters who are wary of voting for him ( opting for harmon ) because marcon has n't said much on what policy he will stand for, 
  til obama was n't a leftie, 
   then a `` beat ` em up game '' emerged online where players are asked to `` deal with the enemies of the homeland using your own fists and boots '' . 
  these enemies have to be `` beaten until they fall '' . 
  i 'm one of them . 
   the general prosecutor 's office is now investigating rynska 's facebook post and she could face five years in prison . 
  meanwhile , there are pro-government thugs waiting outside her home , who try to break in from time to time . 
   my home address has also been published on the internet , together with an invitation `` to visit '' . 
  i have received threats to me and my family by the thousand -- in my email inbox , on facebook and by phone . 
   attacks and beatings against dissidents in russia have been happening for a long time -- there must be hundreds of such incidents now . 
  they usually use baseball bats , crowbars or bottles . 
  in september , the investigative journalist grigory pasko was left with concussion after an attack by unknown assailants in barnaul . 
  the day before he had been accused of being a foreign agent by a local newspaper . 
   covering dissidents with ink or faeces is another familiar intimidation tactic . 
  yuliya latynina , a journalist , was recently covered in faeces and my activist friends have been covered in ink several times for going out on the street with anti-war placards . 
   to cap things off , a pro-government ultranationalist tv channel , tsargrad , recently released a list of the `` top 100 russophobes '' -- i 'm number 10 , and i fought twice for this country . 
  a country i no longer feel safe in . 
   specifically , the edifice is designed for members of the young army , or yunarmia , a government program launched by shoigu in 2015 to train russian youth in rudimentary military skills . 
   `` there 's a training course for demolition experts , a kitchen , cooks , a guerilla sauna and even an officer 's dugout , '' shoigu said , according to russian state news agency interfax . 
  there 's also a fake submarine and fake trenches , where children can prepare for their attacks and experience life at war ... with little regard for the subtleties of diplomacy or the politics of history . 
  sounds like a party of arseholes  german chancellor angela merkel 's office describes the npd as an `` anti-democratic , xenophobic , anti-semitic , anti-constitutional party '' . 
   the six men prosecuted are reported to have previously committed other crimes , including setting fire to the car of a polish citizen . 
  last month germany 's federal constitutional court rejected a historic attempt to ban the npd . 
  the case was brought by the state governments represented in the upper house of parliament , the bundesrat . 
   the court ruled that the party did not have the potential to overthrow democracy in germany . 
  ` we 're here to listen to the people . ', 
  people : ` stop being so corrupt ' ` all those millions of people are not who we represent . 
  they 're just agitators to ignore and arrest . ', 
  why not dome it up , add some snow so a giant snow globe, 
  true learning it myself , guess that 's why they 're teaming up local maybe fn supporters to translate or give advice on localisms . 
  i 'd recommend reading the article if you want to know more, 
  that 's the point of the article . 
  the non-french users have to get their posts translated . 
  it even talks about fake twitter accounts, 
  they did go as far once to find leak cables where diplomats talked about off the books deals between putin and berlusconi, 
  ah sorry , what do you feel about people pretending to be french and not just be themselves when talking about your election ? 
  france has few plants along the channel i think, 
  fighting against corruption maybe means it 'll become less easy to influence, 
  the article mostly refers to them as just trump supporters and 4chan users though . 
  they do mention russia theory and cover two users from the chat who have different opposing theories on if there are any russians involved . 
   `` right now there is this loose sort of alliance between russian neo-fascists like alexander dugin and the international alt-right , '' he said . 
   which appears to be true -- there have been several recent 4chan threads where users with american ip addresses are asking to learn about alexander dugin , a prominent fascist russian political scientist . 
  the anonymous user , however , was quick to not call what 's happening among the international alt-right a conspiracy . 
  `` the shared agenda is to get far right , pro-russian politicians elected worldwide . 
  it 's not so much a conspiracy as it is a collaboration , '' the anonymous user said . 
  `` the alt-right sees the us as compromised and russia as the good guys who will ` remove kebab ' ( kill muslims ) . ''  it 's simply that they 're learning from each other and figuring out how to spread their pro-fascist memes . 
   a second user , going by the user name @das krout , who identified himself as a 16-year-old from minnesota , said he had seen no proof that the discord group was communicating with russian trolls . 
   `` i 've been here since its inception , we 've had no russians what so ever , '' he said . 
  `` a bunch of americans . 
  there are no russian trolls . 
  we are the trolls . 
  we are just regular people who are fed up . '' are you anti-globalist ? 
  i 've always found it strange anti-globalists are also trying to make their view and movement go global . 
  why are you or others pretending to be french ? 
  why not just be yourself and try to post the same things .
