  even the other animals migrate . 
  if anything only way to drive out extremism or this us vs them is with more cultural interactions and blending . 
  keep the good and shrink the bad . 
  though it 's not always perfect , but going by history it 's not the end of the world/society either . 
  do we know what the questions where to the people polled ? 
  uk we had survey like this and the questions and answer were taken with big big pinch of salt by newspapers . 
  turns out lot of the people asked did n't support or like extremists , but just sympathized with the issues or why people traveled to syria . 
  so what drove you to this is a legit issue , but you 're method of terror is still wrong . 
  or even just making it about syria and not terrorist groups . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/blogs-trending-34907660  on monday the sun printed this headline on its front page : `` 1 in 5 brit muslims ' sympathy for jihadis '' . 
  according to a telephone poll conducted by survation , 19.8 % of respondents said they either had `` some '' or `` a lot of '' sympathy for young muslims who left the uk to join fighters in syria . 
  the right-leaning newspaper 's story stated that the respondents were expressing sympathy for those `` who have fled the uk to fight for is , '' or so-called islamic state . 
   the paper spoke to prominent muslims , who said the poll was a `` wake-up call '' and quoted one of the country 's most prominent muslim politicians , labour mp sadiq khan , who said : `` it is clear that britain needs to take its head out of the sand . '', 
   reaction in the rest of the british media was swift , with left-leaning papers attacking the survey 's methodology and the sun 's interpretation . 
  the independent noted that the question was broadly phrased and the results were not similar to a poll of non-muslims conducted by the same company in march - nearly 14 % of respondents in that survey said they had some or a lot of sympathy with young muslims travelling to syria . 
  the mirror noted that the poll actual question did not use the word `` jihadis '' , and that it referred generally to `` fighters in syria '' and did not actually mention islamic state . 
  women forced to get back alley abortions can kill them . 
  it 's bs this is about saving lives when it just puts more at risk . 
  wonder if it was in advertisements they sent out , it 's included in the regulators or consumer awareness . 
  i think you can report on some issues during campaign but that might be more to do with funds, 
  issue is it happens . 
  your body wants to get pregnant and even the medical methods you take will fail . 
  main issue is no matter what reason it happened . 
  women who do n't want a baby ( financially or just not ready ) will seek out an abortion . 
  it can either be in a hospital or in a dodgy back ally clinic . 
  reason we have abortions is because women used to die because of the back alley procedures , people are willing to risk it . 
  if people want to make it illegal to save lives , they are also creating the situation where more will die . 
  a fully formed adult will die for the sake of saving cells which will die either way . 
  great news and about time . 
  still shameful uk has n't ratified, 
  does france have one of those ` you ca n't be prosecuted in office ' laws ? 
  might be why he wants a come back, 
  good good . 
  yeah sadly crashes are a thing, 
  after watching big short , sounds like nothing really was done to prevent another crash, 
  spain to win on penalties at camp nou, 
  spain to win on penalties at camp nou, 
  we now know why he travels solo . 
  government sold off council housing , made cuts to services , closing hospitals , blind to upcoming econmic crisis . 
  yet when we find someone to blame the tabloids blamed the polish ` for coming over here taking our jobs , straining services , stealing our benefits ' etc etc. 
  government or anyone did n't really challenge this pov being printed everyday . 
  it just escalated to the point of having the brexit vote , the election made promises like curb immigration problem and fund nhs etc. 
  so when they won its escalated again with confidence they 're right and polish need to leave so they can have their promises which are yet or never will happen . 
  idiots turn to violence . 
  government has n't spoken out about all these attacks much either . 
  so people might feel more confidence . 
  tabloids been posting fear and anger stories about eu migrants for years . 
  blaming them for job losses , for why people are not getting benefits or housing , being reason why you 're on nhs waiting list etc. 
  brexit going leave likely given lot of mindless idiots who absorbed it all a reason to start attacking . 
  scary how easily this kind of hysteria can escalate . 
  the unions can be pretty anti immigrantion and i say this as someone who likes unions . 
  it 's one of ugly sides i hate about it, 
  to be fair the greek one they have ancient legend that england was discovered by ancient greek heros who killed and mated with some of the giants and ogres on the uk at the time . 
  all about that bread, 
  have they gotten rid of the pink bunny ? 
  yeah it can happen , though likely less often as polish and middle eastern immigrants are more often scrutinized in the newspapers . 
  cant find any cases for dutch but there was swedish women in york who was told to ` fuck off back to your own country ' when dropping her kids [ off at their school . ], 
  ( http://www.yorkpress.co.uk/news/14584958.swedish_mum_in_york_told_______off_back_to_your_own_country_/ ) after the brexit results, 
  because it 's not really about crime rates , rapes , job loses , cuts to benefits or anything else ( though it does add fuel to the fire ) . 
  since even without immigrants you 'd still get those crimes and social issues . 
  it has and always will be because ` they 're not from round here ' people get scared and angry at outsiders . 
  these kids likely already violent but ` outsider ' effect gives them more feelings of superiority to focus violence on easy targets in their eyes . 
   katla last erupted in 1955 and 1999 . 
  neither of those were large enough to break the ice covering its 10 kilometer-wide ( 6 mile ) caldera . 
  its last major eruption was back in 1918 , when it spewed ash for more than five weeks . 
  fun stuff from online  katla has been showing signs of unrest since 1999 , and geologists have concerns that it might erupt in the near future . 
  [ 14 ] particularly , monitoring has been intensified following the march 2010 eruptions of a smaller neighbouring volcano , the eyjafjallaj\u00f6kull glacier . 
  [ 15 ] the eruption of this nearby long-dormant volcano in march and april 2010 prompted fears among some geophysicists that it might trigger an eruption at the larger and more dangerous katla . 
  [ 16 ] [ 17 ] [ 18 ] in the past 1,000 years , all three known eruptions of eyjafjallaj\u00f6kull have triggered subsequent katla eruptions . 
  [ 17 ]  following the 2010 eyjafjallaj\u00f6kull eruptions , on 20 april 2010 icelandic president \u00d3lafur gr\u00edmsson said `` the time for katla to erupt is coming close ... we [ iceland ] have prepared ... it is high time for european governments and airline authorities all over europe and the world to start planning for the eventual katla eruption '' . 
  [ 19 ]  increased earthquake activity has been noticed on katla since the eruption at eyjafjallaj\u00f6kull , but no other signs of an imminent eruption have been observed . 
  these quakes are located mainly on the northwestern rim of the caldera . 
  on 9 october 2010 , a sudden rise in harmonic tremor was observed in the stations around katla , a sign of a possible impending eruption . 
  [ 20 ]  as of 2010 , volcanologists are continuing to monitor katla , aware that any eruption from katla following an eruption from eyjafjallaj\u00f6kull has historically occurred within months of the latter . 
  the icelandic meteorological office updates its website with reports of quakes both at eyjafjallaj\u00f6kull and katla  katla in iceland is one of the famous volcanoes of the world for the ferocity of the eruptions and associated j?kulhlaups . 
  the major potential hazards are the j?kulhlaup floods that can hit three different floodplains , an associated tsunami that can harass the south coast of iceland and a volcanic ash cloud that endangers civil aviation on an unknown scale . 
  the eruption probabilities in katla and the two others known eruption sectors of the myrdalsj?kull glacier are reassessed and a 2013 risk curve for the next eruption in katla is found . 
  the probability of tsunami heights is estimated and the risk from other tsunami sources in the atlantic ocean is included . 
  for the danger to aviation , two classes of eruption are defined : an eyf ( eyjafjallaj?kull ) eruption class that does not produce volcanic plumes that are dangerous for air traffic in europe , and another stronger class , the kat ( katla ) class , producing plumes that most likely are dangerous for air traffic in europe . 
  overall probabilities for an eyf class eruption in next year and a kat class eruption in the next 5 years are estimated . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/aug/24/french-police-make-woman-remove-burkini-on-nice-beach  after they arrive , she appears to remove a blue long-sleeved tunic , although one of the officers appears to take notes or issue an on-the-spot fine  `` i was sitting on a beach with my family , '' said the 34-year-old who gave only her first name , siam . 
  `` i was wearing a classic headscarf . 
  i had no intention of swimming . ''  a witness to the scene , mathilde cousin , confirmed the incident . 
  `` the saddest thing was that people were shouting ` go home ' , some were applauding the police , '' she said . 
  `` her daughter was crying . '', 
  education . 
  support groups and domestic abuse charities which allow women young and old to escape abusive homes and get protection . 
  ones which focus on religion and cultural rules . 
  they are out there , and likely need more funding for outreach . 
  issue is if the police start bullying women in what they ca n't and can wear or treat them like second class citizens , its unlikely the women will see them as a safe haven to turn to . 
  the inventor is aussie muslim women . 
  does n't sound like she put much thought in the name . 
  it does sound better than hijabikini if she was going for the combo  when i named it the burkini i did n't really think it was a burqa for the beach . 
  burqa was just a word for me -- i 'd been brought up in australia all my life , and i 'd designed this swimsuit and i had to call it something quickly . 
  it was the combination of two cultures -- we 're australians but we are also muslim by choice . 
  the burqa does n't symbolise anything here , and it 's not mentioned in the qur ' an and our religion does not ask us to cover our faces , it 's the wearer 's choice to do so . 
  burqa is nowhere in any islamic text . 
  i had to look the word up , and it was described as a kind of coat and cover-all , and at the other end you had the bikini , so i combined the two . 
  good . 
  if you see these women as oppressed and needing freedom , forcing them to take off items of clothes in front of their family and a jeering crowd is n't going to make them feel like they 're free or you 're helping them .
