  maybe eu leaders have been more silent a sneaky in their methods , but russia has defiantly thrown huge amount of fuel into the firey crisis by moving military in . 
  where post revolution it could have been tough negotiations , but now it 's tougher with a higher stakes if someone does the wrong move . 
  given we usual vote in our local crazies to be meps ( looking at you ukip ) might be best if the diplomatic speeches and behind scenes work is done by our slightly more professional individual governments . 
  eu seems to be designed for peacetime , not sure if they have a way to deal with potential conflict issues . 
  likely leaders of countries in eu member states are talking to each other behind the scenes, 
  you can do this for wales too , with green and clear spirits . 
  when they ask where the dragon is you light it on fire ^ dontdothis, 
  brilliant thanks !, 
  season 2 of the bridge is almost over in uk , be great if anyone added some more nordic noir type shows on there to check out  got to get my gritty crime subtitled show fix, 
  think concept fishermen have is you only catch older bigger fish , because odds are they 've had lot of time to breed and grow . 
  little younger fish are thrown back in so they can reach maturity/breeding age and get older/bigger . 
  not sure if it works or true , but would n't be surprised if that 's how it 's thought out as . 
  should have given him szczesny 's shirt instead of rvps, 
  on the other hand it 's improvement from having sex with their mistresses in the office, 
  people doing it must have partners because february only has 15 attempts . 
  valentines day treat keeps them going for the month . 
  or recess dates for mps, 
  according to this we should take military action not to help people stuck in a bloody conflict , but to impress our political friends and make our selves look like a powerful country . 
  you can be if you debate that the [ sykes-picot agreement ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sykes%e2%80%93picot_agreement ) is the starting point behind modern conflicts in the middle east . 
  one of our best love/hate examples has to be the wrestling match between king henry viii and francis i at a massive party to celebrate peace between the two countries . 
  francis won . 
  you could see those dividing lines as reason for the north/south social divide in the uk . 
  was on a dig once trying to find his resting place , think there has been number of those over the years . 
  still no sign of alfred . 
  muslims are going through a time were their far right/fascist/extreme have become more active and vocal . 
  also there were always other far right/fascist/extremist groups who have been against muslims and are also currently more vocal and active . 
  either way innocent people who are not involved will get targeted for stupid reasons . 
  everyone 's facing problems , but they 're being put into overdrive by groups who do n't act with reason , compassion or logical sense . 
  media and politicians help fuel the fire with their actions . 
  none of these problems with get fixed for all of those reasons . 
  plus , worldnews has been a target for extreme views lately mainly anti-islam even in posts about what 's happening in burma . 
  comment section can be avoided if you do n't want to lose faith in humanity . 
  news going round a man tried to set fire to a mosque in essex . 
  this is time to think about the victim and the people who tried to protect him , not random hate attacks which is what the attackers wanted to start . 
  economic reasons , my other post might get buried but in 2010 irish government said they 'd use eu money to buy irish cheese to give away to people struggling to buy food . 
  not sure if connected http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ireland/8114327/let-them-eat-cheese-irish-government-hands-out-block-of-cheddar-to-every-family.html, 
  news story from [ 2010 ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ireland/8114327/let-them-eat-cheese-irish-government-hands-out-block-of-cheddar-to-every-family.html ) might make some sense of the cheese . 
   brendan smith , the agriculture minister , announced yesterday that the government would use european union funding to buy 53 tonnes of fresh irish cheddar and distribute it for free from 15 november . 
   but irish citizens responded angrily to the plan , which was likened to the `` let them eat cake '' comment by marie antoinette that provoked the french revolution . 
   the cheese will be distributed via collection centres in towns and cities across ireland . 
  mr smith said the plan was `` an important means of contributing towards the well-being of the most deprived citizens in the [ eu ] community '' . 
   the initiative is funded by the eu 's food aid programme , which has been running since 1987 in reaction to a particularly cold winter . 
   one angry dubliner last night . 
  `` this is just crackers . 
  the scheme is full of holes . 
  this is the last straw - it 's really grated on the whole community . '', 
  so there are 70,000 missing from ireland and now 9,000 missing from sweden . 
  guessing you could trace how long beef and was really just horse by when missing horses escalated to this scale . 
  they should release both bruised and un-bruised shots then . 
  that is right size for facebook cover photo . 
  tempting to use it just to scare people, 
  uk and france are like a terrible abusive married couple, 
  sounds more like a poltical move for the next election ( after hearing more experts talk about it ) . 
  tories have lost some hard liners voters in polls to ukip ( very anti eu ) , and number of back benchers have been chasing for an exit . 
  they both are putting pressure of the pm as party leader ( esp with likes of boris johnson who 's always suspected of trying to get back to main line politics ) . 
  so cameron has promised referendum if his party wins the next election , which i 'm guessing is a hope it 'll get them enough votes to escape a coalition gov. 
  also sounds like he 'll only put forward a referendum if reforms are not made . 
  i think these will go down to how some eu laws are more powerful than uk legislation ( correct me if wrong ) . 
  which is why he talks about british independence . 
  which sounds little bit like moaning we do n't have more controlling power within a collective group because ` we 're special ' . 
  this is what i know why some tories want to leave eu , excluding immigration laws . 
  recall hearing tories do n't like it when someone loses a case of human rights in uk but then win it in under eu laws and therefore wins overall ( which is why they want to replace the humans right act with bill of rights , to prevent this and trigger way to leave the eu ) . 
  so say uk reforms lobbying laws and eu does n't , the lobbyist will find way to get what they want by going to the eu instead ( or the other way round ) . 
  also heard anger at agriculture/fishing regulation in eu works against uk farmers rather than help ( not sure if right or wrong , needs fact check ) . 
  so they see some policies from eu as one size fits all , when in fact it benefits other countires more than others . 
  so maybe they want more powers to abstain from eu laws . 
  this could be fixed if we had better represenatives in the eu and bigger public interest in what 's being debated , but it seems at election time there is a poor turn out and a large number of protest votes . 
  the only news you can get from eu is usually from those who dislike it alot . 
  this is why i fear smaller parties like ukip and tabloid papers will use the referendum as chance to print fear stories about immigration and destroy chance for real debate in how the eu should work good and bad . 
  labour people for eu are arguing this is wrong way to go about it . 
  say announcing this now will cause too much uncertainty and might affect business investment from europe in next few years . 
  they seem nervous so maybe worrying about losing votes , since some want a referendum but maybe not one which can cause an exit . 
  edit : spelling, 
  tiny hope that a public debate will cause people to become more informed and interested in the eu , but got that sinking feeling only the immigration side will be argued and it 'll mostly be miss information to scare people . 
  ukip already been on radio complaining about ` former soviets ', 
  think it all started with the normans . 
  i 'm hazy but think it goes down to [ ` irish king loses power , asks normans for help and they get more involved ' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norman_invasion_of_ireland#invasion_of_1169 ) . 
  as a brit , anti british feeling is pretty much understandable , there were many historic killings esp when england became anti-pope ireland would get the attacks . 
  just started to watch les revenants , from this post . 
  there 's a english sub on youtube yay edit , done , 2014 for season 2 aaaaah why, 
  as i 'm loving nordic noir at mo in the uk , i 'm here to also find other europeon shows to watch . 
  also : monty pythons fly circus , fawlty towers , bottom , the office , young ones , yes minister , red dwarf and the thick of it . 
  repeat request that doctor who is awesome . 
  ( shout out for the yanks : homeland , the wire , sopranos ), 
  a good act to do , but i 'm guessing he does n't have to pay for rent , travel costs or domestic bills as a president but maybe then again thats why he did it . 
  not as if he needs extra wages . 
   at least we became experts on economical matters now . 
  you should export this , most countries still guessing on what it all means, 
  only half-welsh and get the whole celtic cousin triangle . 
  always awesome to get along with the scotish and irish , esp since it feels like we all have same type of mad grandmothers . 
   there would not be many irish legends or histories that would overlap with wales/scotland though . 
  got a welsh aunties who always find her irsh friend on st.patricks day to remind them he was welsh . 
  not sure if true or just bit of banter . 
  it 's like a sibling rivalry , we 're bros that always want to boast and out-do the other yet still there is the brotherly love, 
  prepare yourselves for more refugees, 
  yeah but that ignores the civil war kinda started because of drought and protests by farmers and civilians in the city and assad cracking down on them . 
  europe does n't really need elaborate plan to argue amongst themselves, 
  it does feel like middle east peace crisis playing big role . 
  it feels like the anger is vocalized as ` we want more islamic states to counter jewish state and west after the invasions etc ' though they 've ended up damaging muslims and civilians in the regions lives to even worse levels . 
  anyone who can remember war first hand might not , children might have trauma from anything they experienced .
