   ahmed says it took several months for him to relax . 
  in the beginning he would frisk mahmoud every time they met , because he wanted to check he was n't wearing a microphone . 
  he says their arguments were intense and he was frustrated that mahmoud seemed to have a quiet , logical answer to everything . 
  ahmed says he asked his friends at the mosque for help , for arguments to defeat this `` traitor who 's working with the police '' . 
   `` but then i started to take my hands down - you know in boxing you have your fists up high - and i said i have to listen to this guy , this guy never gives up . 
   `` and he discussed with me in a logical way , in a way that i could understand that where i was going actually was dangerous . 
   `` mahmoud said , ` yes , you were treated wrong , that 's correct , but what you are doing is you are ruining your own life if you go to pakistan . ' '', 
   this , said ahmed , made sense to him . 
  he was n't being told that he could n't be a muslim . 
  he was being told simply to be a good muslim who does n't hurt innocent people . 
   `` you can still be a muslim and have a prosperous future in denmark . 
  you can be an asset to society , not a liability , '' he remembers mahmoud telling him . 
   mahmoud is listening and nodding . 
   `` actually ahmed has told me that a lot of times , that if we had n't had those conversations , he thinks that he would be in pakistan now , '' he says . 
   ahmed graduated from high school and instead of going to pakistan he went to university . 
  he is about to graduate . 
  he has also got married . 
   `` i 'm happy right now . 
  i see my future in denmark . 
  i could n't see that before because it was all dark , '' he says . 
   `` and now that i 'm actually finished with the programme . 
  i hope that personally i 'm going to be a mentor some day and help other people who have been in my situation . '', 
  # 10 million for the renovations but the alarms did n't go off and not sure if they had sprinklers, 
  given he takes every opportunity to insult eu members , we 'd get the worst deal in every one he 's in . 
  i hope this is fake bullshit news, 
  we 're going to vote brexit and then when we near negotiations campaign so badly we create a hung parliament which puts us in nightmare mode, 
  they are tabloids tbh the click bait before the internet, 
  attacker in london was banned from mosques too, 
  sounds like he 's raising frances position on the world stage more, 
  i think they had a drive last few years where if in the uk you worked in services like police or hospitals you can pretty much live/work in australia without a visa . 
  lot of people took them up on it due to how shitty they are being treated in the uk . 
  it 's not like government banning people from everyday things like what foundation you use . 
  in equality everyone is equality respected in law . 
  yet we recognise everyone can still be different and have unique issues which deserves to be heard . 
  black feminists have issues which white feminists wo n't experience . 
  it can be hard to get these issues heard to discussed at feminist gatherings . 
  why it 's good to have mixed and black feminist only discussions so it gets a good hearing and discussion from those who live through these issues . 
  it 's more of a ` we 'll make sure you can get your voice heard by your peers ' than ` we hate this group . 
  stay away ', 
  misleading news i 've heard since the event is mostly mixed with some black feminist only parts, 
  heard since the event is actually open and mixed and some parts are just for black feminists ( who are under represented in feminism ) so lot of misleading news, 
  some religious nutters think this pill is like an abortion . 
   meps give their backing to legislation which would allow people who have paid for online tv content to access it all over the eu . 
   it comes after they reached a provisional agreement on the new rules with national ministers in february . 
  the rules are expected to come into force in the first half of next year . 
   the new law would require tv companies to offer access to paid-for online services to customers if they are in a different eu member state for `` a limited period of time '' . 
   under the rules , broadcasters will have to conduct checks to verify a user 's normal country of residence before access is allowed . 
   broadcasters such as the bbc whose income depends on a licence fee can offer their subscribers access if they set up a verification scheme . 
  however , they will not be required to do so . 
  lying about being gay for asylum is risky since if your application fails you go back to a country where being gay will get you killed and now everyone there has your asylum appeal record . 
  even if you 're not gay having people assume you are in a country where it 's a death sentence is still dangerous too . 
  applications can fail , in the uk a lesbian activist was fighting being returned to a country where death was a risk but the lawyer for the home office argued ` she has kids so can not be a true lesbian ' etc, 
  if brexit wont destroy the uk i 'll start a civil war to do it !, 
  [ clip from documentary which covered this when it happened to ukraine ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktmitymjlfo&amp;feature=youtu.be ), 
  they 're still suffering deadly homophobia gay or not . 
  lgbt + groups do recognise this and will help . 
  makes sense , you can understand why survivors would n't want to stay in a country or go back to living by neighbours who did n't see them as citizens and tried to murder them . 
  can also understand as time passes the appeal for younger generations wanting to move into germany in its current state . 
  for me the disappointment that i live in the uk and might see us leave these rules behind, 
  yep fn is literally a far right party founded by holocaust deniers . 
  there is more variety in political spectrum in france than the us . 
  you 're more likely in the us for one of the main parties to shift from centre to far side than people to vote for a different party . 
  even in the uk the conservatives do n't have much competition on the right . 
  t_d assuming every country has the same system as the us, 
  though would n't lot of the immigrants be able to vote ? 
  heard there were lot of older generation immigrants who voted for her since they like her ultra conservative policies . 
  lot of spoilt ballots and non voters . 
  for many marcon is little too much like centre right than anything left ( which is why the fake email saying he works for anti-fa is hilarious because they hate him ) . 
  so did n't want to choose . 
  though many of the left just really did n't want fn to win than voted because they like macron . 
  the local elections will be interesting . 
  would n't be surprised if this has hit generations . 
  propaganda can be a powerful tool . 
  also getting independence from revolting against the crowns taxes likely fed into a continued hatred for it and suspicion of those who take it . 
  most likley think they 've already had hacking threats or are aware they need to combat it, 
  lets hope far right fn never get a chance like this again . 
  the party still got too many votes given thier members and thier holocaust denying, 
  phew hope him the best . 
  hope the far right fn never get this close again . 
  still hour left for some to run in and lower that %, 
  `` polling firm kantar is saying that based on turnout so far , the overall abstention rate - people who do not show up to vote - will be about 26 % , the highest since 1969 . '', 
  via bbc, 
   turnout in the french presidential run-off election was 65.30 percent at 1500 gmt on sunday , lower than both the first round and the 2012 vote , data from the interior ministry showed . 
  the figure was 6.6 points lower than in the 2012 run-off for president , and about four points down from this year 's first round of voting on april 23 . 
  title from bbc coverage of the tweet, 
  well there 's only two choices . 
  you got to vote for one . 
  not voting is wasteful is it a choice between centre left or the far right . 
  she hasnt done any detoxification of the party . 
  funders and close allies in the party are neo nazis or openly far right ( it is a far right party after all that 's thier policy ) . 
  she is still good friends of them . 
  the first guy she left him charge is a holocaust denier the party was founded by her holocaust denying father who torture people in his military service, 
  thought they were more libertarian . 
  assange always had a big ego so populism and nationalist sides suit him more . 
  good luck with everyone queuing today . 
  heard first round it was few hours in length for those in london, 
   von der leyen doubled down on her criticism when she visited the officer 's home base near strasbourg wednesday and found that memorabilia from the wehrmacht -- the german armed forces during the nazi era -- was on display in a common room . 
   faced with a strong backlash , von der leyen conceded that she bore `` responsibility for everything that happens in the bundeswehr . '', 
  germany ? 
  they tried to help the easter revolution before being caught,
