  how it works, 
  when were they in court ? 
  they 're is also not enough room for all the mps to sit . 
  it was bombed and they almost re built it so everyone did n't have to squeeze in . 
  though churchill turned down the proposal because no mp should sit comfortably or should be forced to be close to the people they debate with . 
  cyprus ? 
  hear lot of rich russian live on the greek side and oil was discovered near the island . 
  think there are negotiations between greek and turkish sides over splitting it . 
  though have n't followed the politics of it all for a while . 
  someone else might be best to say if im talking bollocks, 
  and yet people say ` why do n't the refugee stay in turkey ? ', 
  from corruption and this , no wonder they want to try another country, 
  troubles from what i 've heard ( was n't old enough to really remember it myself ) lot more scary or at least not much of a calm period depending where you lived so people were on edge . 
  bombs and evacuations were way more frequent . 
  also there were high level assassinations from politicians to royalty . 
  isis are scary but people seem to be diminishing how bad the trouble were . 
  maybe pure breeds ( given how expensive they are ) are indoor cats . 
  so this wont affect people who breed cats for a living, 
  remember there was a article where former mi6 said it was difficult to track because unlike ira they do n't meet up in pubs . 
  also when you track people through communities it 's obvious you 're police or an agent because of the lack of diversity in intelligence services at the time . 
  it was so bad they contemplated ` tanning/blacking up ' agents . 
  the agent said he had panic attack following someone on public transport , since they had no clue if he was just traveling or that was the day he would become a suicide bomber . 
  there was article about girl who reported on how she was targeted by recruiters ( not 100 % on what she said long while ago but this is a gist ) . 
  it all about ` get the hot guys before they die ' . 
  mixed with rebel against your parents ( who are too western ) and we 'll promise you a perfect life , they play to muslim identity and wanting to fit in and be a ` good ' muslim , but the guys get that too . 
  think soldiers ( the good looking ones ) flirt with girls online and promise the world to the girls , who are likely single and fear being alone or marrying too late . 
  the celebrity of being ' a martyrs ' wife . 
  some people like the security of authority and rules , in the extreme it can be in very controlling rules like this . 
  think in christian extreme groups someone said ` it 's like more you play to the rules and pledge , the more you 'll believe you 'll be rewarded . 
  people will throw away families for it ', 
  unless police gave out false info to the press , so this guy does n't guess they know where he is, 
  think it started at the stadium , so maybe they wanted the attack in and around a evacuation there and it did n't happen . 
  so they drive to other places, 
  with two dogs in love having a spaghetti dinner, 
  i do n't think they really know themselves . 
  i do n't think the most intelligent or thoughtful people do this . 
  they 're just angry , hateful and want fame . 
  they 'll do anything to do it . 
  look at jihadi john he was a failed rapper but killing made him famous . 
  people who can not cope with where they are in life ruining lives and thier religion for selfish reasons, 
  funding and organising a group and attacks like this costs money . 
  wars are fought on how much money you have and groups like isis do n't just appear without financial support . 
  governments preventing it should be part of the focus . 
  you hear rumours isis might be funded by those with oil money and black market in ancient artefacts they do n't destroy . 
  would n't be surprised if they 're using people smuggling too , more reason for un to get refugees out and away from smugglers . 
  also people found carpet bombing cities did n't scare people it made them want to carry on and fight back, 
  it scary even when you do n't target civilians still in the troubles 650 civilians were killed and lot of the bombs were left in areas with civilians . 
  ira did apologise in 2002 for the deaths of civilians , making note of bloody friday which might have been the worse . 
  yeah even when you do n't kill or injure civilians you 're still harming them psychologically and it can cause lot of social hate . 
  do n't want to go back to that either, 
  i think people saying ` nothing to do with islam ' trying to say its fundamentalists ( who in any religion usually more violent than faithful ), 
  tbh lot of governments are with heightened surveillance and the attacks on military sights which saw deaths in well known attackers before this tradgy, 
  droughts , middle east peace crisis , and social issues between political and social groups play a role too, 
  thoughts with victims . 
  hope calais fire isnt some mad vengeful retaliation . 
  not what we need right now . 
  more hate, 
  you 're doing great work , stay strong, 
  i hope people fleeing here can tell these dumb angry kids what syria is really like . 
  isis like to say they 're helping syrians when they 're killing lot more of them and forcing them out of jobs and homes . 
  it also forgets they kill lot of other muslims who are made up of different believe systems . 
  so the whole ` everyone will join us ! ', 
  wont work, 
  they kill lot more muslims too for not being part of different muslims groups . 
  you 're more likely going to end up hating someone who hates the killers too . 
  its a complicated situation, 
  can you guys set up a rule on posting about movement of swat teams . 
  press tend not to ( when they have sense ) for obvious reasons during hostage situations . 
  post like ` the gign , france 's elite police unit ( think swat ) , is apparently going in ' is n't helpful . 
  you can be against it , but people are going to arrive anyway . 
  more official processes might reduce isis soldiers chance to sneak in with them . 
  or you find those fleeing isis and ask them to help stop extremism in national muslims . 
  isis recruits are being brainwashed to think they 're helping muslim syrians , maybe only syrains can reach them and tell them otherwise . 
  social attitudes ? 
  to convince people to go on a shooting rampage they need to be socially isolated . 
  maybe its easier in france than germany to breed and us vs them fear . 
  we have been attacked by shooters at the holiday resort . 
  likely easier to plan and get weapons than trying within an island . 
  muslims have for many generations , they did n't magically appear in 2001 . 
  what happening is far more complex and likely sparked by lot of factors that have grown over last 20 years . 
  middle east peace crisis , spread/funding of wahhabism , economic crisis slowing prospects , and social changes towards islam outside and in since 9/11 . 
  they all brewed perfect hate and frustration for recruitment for a generation which were infants or not born when it all started . 
  like with rise of nazis , all it takes is 10years or more of someone saying to hate and lot of economic/social struggles in a young generation . 
  to comfort anyone article goes to to say this plan is not realistic and has fallen a part due to collapse in leadership within al-qaida . 
  and how crazy the last parts of the plan are . 
  yet admits syria and young frustrated people could still be part of a movement to cause violence like we 've seen . 
  with hostage situation i hope press remember not to get too ` get the story ' and give away the security forces movements, 
  there 's going to be lot of hate after this , integration going to get harder and the shooters will get what they want more hate and attention for them, 
  could be bomb placed where they evacuate people , its been done before . 
  plus most stadiums and places in paris have metal detectors and search your bag going in . 
  very lucky shooters did n't pick their timing after the game when people were leaving . 
  scary to think, 
  some past terrorist attacks decades ago played to setting bombs where evacuation points are . 
  western city ( in country involved with current conflicts ) where its easy to smuggle weapons in ( not an island ) . 
  large far right movement on both groups ( given recent history of attacks in europe ) to rile the other up and prevent intrigatio . 
  not much attacks in the past ( there was a gun attack decades ago at a station ) so maybe not same infrastructure of security other countries have who had long term attacks ( shooters targeted uk in holiday resorts last time ) . 
  most security is sneaking bombs or guns in , not much you can do when they 're outside . 
  since bombay attacks people feared same in western city . 
  success of the last attack encourages more attacks , other cities have number of failed attacks . 
  think this was different club .
