think bbc have a story on it, 
  find it hard as brit to joke about surrender thing , seeing as we had some many wars a number being over hundred years or so, 
  bet the ones who are being saved did n't think they would end up in danger . 
  people taking money to ship them across wo n't tell them and they 're mostly too desperate to care anyway, 
  yeah but only saying ` those girls were dumb ' kinda sounds like who 's getting most of the blame . 
  at the time any comments condemning the hacks was drowned out by lot more supporting it, 
  so are we also ever going to learn lesson that hacking and spreading peoples nudes with permission is wrong too ? 
  though the hackers did n't know the photos were on there , the women did n't advertise they had taken private photos , it still feels like someone stole or broke into their house and stole pictures if this was pre internet . 
  i doubt google advertised dangers of saving important/private files on their drive in the same way you would warn a child about roads , i bet they likely mentioned how secure and safe it was . 
  sad thing is there are two messages out of this , but strongest ( or top voted by reddits standard ) should really be those hackers/people who spread photos were in the wrong and fucked up , rather than those girls made a mistake being main focus . 
  tories complained about the nanny state and then became one, 
  surely it points to more of a problem at council levels when it comes to poor local issues . 
  maybe reform there than changing westminster completely . 
  i get the impression no voters were more about currency and financial fears , than voting no because of what cameron said last minute . 
  though i 'm more annoyed for scotland after the whole saying stay united with us/westminster , and now some tories and ukip want an english parliament/banning scottish mps in westminster, 
  who do they talk to for help ? 
  there seems to be no trusted out reach for saving people from extremism esp kids . 
  in the past out reach programs where used to spy on people so there 's no lot of trust that you wo n't be accused aswell, 
  it might not be invasion ( trying to be less sceptical without being overtly optimistic ) but another way to smuggle supplies ( arms and some soldiers to train fighters ) to pro russian fighters hidden amongst aid supplies . 
  i recall other countries have done this in past and in current conflicts to support rebel forces , and russia/putin has shown pattern of same the same tactics knowing it 's hard for other countries to condemn with strong actions knowing they do the same . 
  a conflict fought by and killing kids under age of 20 . terrible, 
  europe : ` dear america , what you call cheese is not cheese ', 
  recovering so many bodies from such a tragedy is always difficult , must be harder with militant element in the area and that it is a crime scene too . 
  seems like any action with bodies has led to criticism of moving them too soon to cover up or neglecting them . 
  from some videos seems like locals miners did their best to find and cover bodies over . 
  seems like delay is all down to getting past military , who seemed unorganized and suspicious of investigators . 
  it just adds to the tensions and tragic nature of the event , hopefully everything will be sorted , already existing tensions in ukraine certainly making victims family suffer more . 
  how are tensions like now ? 
  i hear cyprus is about to become big gas/oil provider after finding it in their coastline and past tensions has been mentioned as part of it . 
  but no other details than that, 
  you can only hope social media even if deleted will still be used as evidence to counter the claims . 
  it might be harder to cover up this war crime with such public presence of their digital propaganda arm, 
  would they have attacked un soldiers though , given implications that could have caused if they were getting away with murder with disinterest already, 
  what does public expression of gay identity mean ? 
  arresting anyone wearing anything which looks mildy rainbowish , two guys or girls hugging in friendly way or wearing anything deemed not straight enough . 
  see how that could turn into horrid homophobic mess than it already is . 
  no wonder that subreddit has gone to hell then, 
  the better the design the worst it functions . 
  does look cool though, 
  hah til there 's a ukip sub, 
  sad thing is at protests they 're usually the ones with biggest determination to be active and do something and it gets funneled into doing something stupid like breaking windows of mcdonalds ( which fucks up day for some poor fast food staff than the company ) . 
  sadly every other group who have good ideas but none of the energy tend to avoid or push out the anarchists group ( who drift away happily tho ) , the ones who could carry the message louder if done right . 
  you worry about war , then it calms down . 
  but then something else happens and you do worry again . 
  it makes you think about nuclear bombs and cold wars , is that possible again or is everyone finding new ways to land grab without armies/wars/threats ? 
  it is like the methods land grabbing used are avoiding using armies and just taking over through influence , terrorists fears , and using public votes . 
  russia is using western tactics ( question is sometimes how honest/truthful they have been in the past ) . 
  but instead of temporary occupation it 's for bringing back old states long term with possibly more . 
  guess tactics to hit back will have to be just as sneaky or forceful to stop putin from testing boundaries of how far he can take this . 
  maybe that 's why ukraine had option to go for eu membership , since everyone knew putin wanted to get back old soviet states and this forced him to move earlier than he wanted . 
  we might be a ` war ' already just not with usual fighting definitions . 
  maybe i 've watched too much game of thrones . 
  if a cold war like situation returns , there are lots of groups who 'd need to get out of russia before an iron curtain raises itself , since they are being villianized in society . 
  i though it was a bad idea at the start but edward snowden should defiantly get himself out of russia ( is he still hiding out there ? ), 
  before putin decides he wants more info on nsa and how they operate etc since in cold war spying like that is main weapon used . 
  which will kill any privacy rights fights against it so aftermath publicwise might be lil less free/protected, 
  one more !, 
  hard to find other european countries since i do n't know many eu languages . 
  but this site ( not sure if best ) has pdfs listing welfare services and information about being homeless in different eu countries so it 's a start for a full europe list http://www.thamesreach.org.uk/what-we-do/routes-home/european-union-country-information/, 
  uk ( google search shows lot more , here is a selection ) : http://www.stepbystep.org.uk/get-help http://www.homelessuk.org/details.asp?id=lp385 https://www.gov.uk/emergency-housing-if-homeless http://england.shelter.org.uk/get_advice/homelessness http://www.crisis.org.uk/pages/get-help.html http://www.mungosbroadway.org.uk/help_and_services_in_london_and_beyond https://www.centrepoint.org.uk/about-us/what-we-do/get-help-now http://www.streetsmart.org.uk/charities.php?iareaid=31 http://www.shp.org.uk/content/need-help-your-housing http://www.womensaid.org.uk/azrefuges.asp?section=00010001000800060002 http://www.thamesreach.org.uk/advice/homelessness/ http://www.nosecondnightout.org.uk/?no%20second%20night%20out%20website, 
  best google term is ` jobs in demand [ country name ] ' . 
  gives you an idea what they 're looking for and better chances when immigrating for work, 
  tiny taste of donetsk and we 'll wake up next day with no memory of the night before but a room now covered in flags and a restraining order from india, 
  from wiki reads today , sounds like only leader ( or least most vocal ) in eu who wanted russia to be more involved with eu was silvio berlusconi  among the most vocal supporters of russian membership of the eu has been former italian prime minister silvio berlusconi . 
  in an article published to italian media on 26 may 2002 , he said that the next step in russia 's growing integration with the west should be eu membership . 
  [ 17 ] on 17 november 2005 , he commented in regards to the prospect of such a membership that he is `` convinced that even if it is a dream ... it is not too distant a dream and i think it will happen one day . 
  '' [ 18 ] berlusconi has made similar comments on other occasions as well . 
  [ 19 ] more recently , in october 2008 , he said `` i consider russia to be a western country and my plan is for the russian federation to be able to become a member of the european union in the coming years '' and stated that he had this vision for years, 
  just as paranoia was dying out jimmy savile brought it right back into headline news, 
  are all oligarchs in putins good books though ? 
  you hear stories of some falling out of favour so maybe not sanctioning them is way western governments wants to turn some away from putins influence and use them against him . 
  if only way is to strengthen opposition parties in russia or anti putin/government corruption feelings , you 're going have get a russian wikileaks or ask nsa to ` leak ' anything they came across . 
  this likely wo n't work since whistleblowers in russia tends to get arrested/mysteriously die and snowden would be crazy to reveal any nsa stories about russia while staying there, 
  quick create a ` national be nice to a russian day ' so moscow has no need to worry, 
  there really is a yes minister clip for every headline, 
  maybe that 's why russian airforce likes to fly uninvited over/near [ norway ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/6981541.stm ) every now and again . 
  but maybe i need to take nice break from reading war fearing news stories, 
  i remember years ago putin was talking about russia forming its own eu style group with eurasian countries , mainly with trade . 
  hilary clinton criticised it as a rebranded version of soviet union and said us would try to slow that process down . 
  you could see [ eurasian economic community ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurasian_economic_community ) as a list of who might get referendum next or if economics links so close it would be easier to get them to join than ukraine  the commission is modeled on the european commission . 
  [ 5 ] the headquarters of the commission will be in moscow , and the expenses of the infrastructure and accommodation of commission workers will be financed by russia , while in general the commission budget will be financed by all three countries and dependent on taxation shares received from the customs union of belarus , kazakhstan and russia . 
  [ 6 ] the existing three-country ecu represents a market of some 165 million people , and a combined gdp of around $ 2.3 tn . 
   observers : armenia , moldova , ukraine  members : belarus , kazakhstan , kyrgyzstan , tajikistan , uzbekistan ( suspended ) i know this is all crude wiki linking but there are some other discussed [ integration links/projects ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurasian_union#existing_integration_projects )  the customs union of belarus , kazakhstan and russia has already brought partial economic integration between the three states , and the eurasian economic union is said to be a continuation of this customs union . 
  a number of other regional organisations also provide the basis for further integration : the union state of russia and belarus , the eurasian economic community of russia , belarus and kazakhstan , the collective security treaty organisation , consisting of armenia , belarus , kazakhstan , kyrgyzstan , russia , and tajikistan , and the commonwealth of independent states comprising most of the post-soviet countries . 
   armenia , whose economy has been crippled by a blockade imposed by arch-enemy turkey , has been a staunch russian ally . 
  it has depended on russian loans and hosted a major russian military base . 
  [ 19 ] kyrgyzstan 's u.s. air base , - a key for supporting operations in nearby afghanistan , - is now being shut down under russian pressure . 
  kyrgyzstan also hosts a russian air base , which is set to expand . 
  [ 19 ] tajikistan , one of the poorest ex-soviet nations on afghanistan 's northern frontier , hosts an estimated 5,000 russian troops and depends on russian economic aid and remittances from migrants working in russia . 
  true but sadly most conflicts leave that logic realization till after they 've done fighting and arguing, 
  this easily be done with just a poster campaign or tv advertisements , just mentioning what laws or policies it runs . 
  of course ukip might run counter campaign but you always hear their pov anyway heard they have emergency funds for members which could have helped uk flood relief , did n't seem to be talked about much in the press . 
  you could compare debates over prostitution with abortion in a their body their choice ' law sense . 
  they both have that issue where even when banning it people will still take risks to do it . 
  also with both , the ban causes the women to go more underground/hidden and it heightens risks/dangers and being able to get help if something goes wrong . 
  revolution was just symptom of the problems ukraine was having . 
  it seems like russia and eu might have put ukraine 's government ( pre and post revolution ) in a ` choose us or them ' position . 
  which played to advantage to eu/russia needs , but forgot people in the country and heightened social fears and issues . 
  revolution had its reasons , esp when there is so much debt and president home is insanely ott expensive . 
  there have been points to solve this peacefully ( elections and referendums etc ) , but choose us or them has made it more difficult because two outsiders do n't want to lose .
