  bannon wants le pen and farage wants to keep his new friend happy . 
  would not be be surprised if bannon and breitbart are funding bots and paid trolls on reddit . 
  seeing as every team breitbart supports subs get a huge boost here . 
  they give them money through russian banks or businessmen . 
  some accusations of backroom business deals through shell companies . 
  right wing tend to be nationalist and admire putins policy . 
  maybe even his non-progressive polices on lgbt rights, 
  do n't forget the fat pension he 's going to get too, 
  i 'd love to see look on his face when someone told him he ca n't have a white house job ( think non-us citizens legally can not handle the day-day data there . ), 
  bannon loves him , so i bet he will give farage the uk or europe arm of breitbart . 
  he 's already writing articles for them, 
  you have to enter country to apply for asylum . 
  why people jump borders . 
  also advocating vigilante violence is messed up . 
  government does do work to curb it or other ways to prevent it you just do n't see it in the news everyday . 
  she 's not exactly coming out of nowhere for voters like trump though, 
  trump is one dodgy link click away from having his twitter compromised . 
  sounds like donald should be supporting him and not le pen, 
  nah make him head of the privy council , which will be for cleaning out the privies, 
  football bribery scandals alone is pretty bad, 
  does this mean downloading stuff online has become more risky, 
  up any counter spy measures . 
  worked in soviet era and kgb ended up in a paranoid purge, 
  get it over the damn thing before 2016 decides the roof collapsing on decades of radioactive dust will be good ending to the year, 
  whips will be out on force visiting the pro-eu tories then, 
  sadly think europe started this mess with rise of anti-eu lot, 
  french sub reddit is had a bit of a ` fuck off we do n't need saving or help from you guys on our own election ' about people on both sides turning up there, 
  not perfect but compared to lot of countries germany pretty good at banning far right groups , symbols , working with clubs at football matches , and has a rehabilitation group for far right extremism . 
  which i think might 've opened up to islamic extremism too . 
  in the uk britain first is somehow still a thing, 
  depends on how good his excel marco game is, 
  big moon is big, 
  i 've heard this boosts local music scene , issue is quality and quantity, 
  i was with some lgbt muslims groups this year at pride , they struggle from peers but are part of the possible change if we help support them . 
  people are complex , we could sit here and swap anecdotes and articles which confirm our views . 
  which might just prove people are more complex than you think, 
  we did n't just come up with these liberal values from day one . 
  it took years and generational changes . 
  what you dislike in those other countries is pretty much attitudes we had not long ago . 
  multicultralism did n't just get invented in early 2000 , immigration is pretty old . 
  once your ancestors were immigrants who struggled to integrate . 
  yet it worked out . 
  it did n't create a utopia but it has n't created a dystopia . 
  it 's create lot more ordinary citizens you do n't notice or read about in newspapers . 
  immigration is n't new from muslim or african countries . 
  this has been going on for generations , you 've likely not noticed people who are regular citizens and only noticing those who are just starting out and early days of that struggle . 
  lot of our values are fairly new and even then not everyone agrees with it from within . 
  it took lot of work for our society to change and generations to adopt social values . 
  what you see in immigration more commonly is attitudes shift from first to later generations . 
  however , this can vary as first generation could be fleeing something and moving to country which aligns with their views ( like lgbt asylum ) . 
  lot of people in europe are the children on migrants and are now part of those values , but it took generations to take place . 
  integration is needed to try and get this process working early on , but you got to admit it takes time . 
  it wo n't create a utopia but it wont be a dystopia going by centuries of past immigration . 
  majority of people i meet who are later generations or new generation of immigrants do quite well with normalizing in a home country . 
  yet they do n't make headline news . 
  was n't referring to clinton more to the age old proxy wars and funding/supporting groups in civil wars . 
  it 's been going on for decades and it 's come back to bite few times, 
  yeah that was odd one never heard of that myself . 
  yet i did notice pride was more commercialized this year and i got mixed views . 
  it 's great to see employers support its lgbt employees and let them parade with the company name . 
  yet some looked like they had people handing out advertisements too for products to buy , which was uncomfortable . 
  unless they go for stalin style state controlled famine, 
  always hoped putin was just filling his own and friends pockets and the taunts were part of the game . 
  looking less and less likely . 
  maybe that 's the motivation . 
  maybe the mafia are done asset stripping parts of the government in russia and looking for new regions, 
  what about juppe , heard he has a good chance, 
  he might be dead but bin laden might have really sparked all of this . 
  felt like world went mad after 9/11 . 
  the economic crash was made but 9/11 led to the added immigration fear and hatred the far right are riding on, 
  cold war are scariest thing . 
  yet i 'd prefer it over a violent conflict in some ways . 
  if it was just lot of tension until enough world leaders are changed until they decide to shut it down and just trade again, 
  there was investigation while back not fbi but still another study into it starting in 2009 http://www.riskandforecast.com/useruploads/files/pc_flash_report_russian_connection.pdf, 
  this is what annoys me the most from those eras where they did this . 
  it 's pretty much destroyed any chance for them to criticize russia using the same tactics cleanly . 
  they 're too embarrassed to really criticism . 
  gitmo pretty much a huge thorn in the side too . 
  though two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  putin use of the same tactics is still just as bad, 
  still analyzing this article , but it does feel like we 're going back into a mood back to hot politics that surrounded events like spanish civil war between left and the right . 
  not sure what to think about it . 
  rise of the alt right concerns me and you hope for a reaction to counter it and people already are . 
  i hope people who are like ` calm down ' are right . 
  i 'd rather be mad than right . 
  he 's already telling may he can be the go between . 
  she 's the pm i 'm sure she can talk to a world leader without help from worm tounge, 
  the venue was n't even the original target or part of the plan . 
  there are reports and investigations that doesnt mention the staff . 
  witnessing it does n't mean you know the motives or the plan of the attackers . 
  they were on stage , attack started and they escaped . 
  yeah it is pretty well known the target was the football match but that failed so they went to ext crowded event they found online, 
  letting them sell it and then waiting to see if it does or does n't is a huge risk . 
  they do this already . 
  studies on pedophiles are carried out all the time . 
  they have subjects on treatments and those who are not going through treatments to see if it changes their behavior once released . 
  they do n't use illegal porn but they likely do series of counseling techniques . 
  if a subject used porn or other methods to abuse they might interview them to see if there 's any common patterns in behavior . 
  depends . 
  what if this causes many to not seek help to prevent these thoughts and instead encourage them to act it out .
