  if western kid says ` living in syria must have been great under isis ' they can turn round and talk about food shortage and bombs . 
  it seems like first generation born tend to become more westernized from other years of immigration . 
  maybe next generation after that might want more of an identity than their parents have , but even then the extremism and isis recruited might not be around in another 20 years or at least in the same way . 
  it seems also too perfectly timed this this era too we 're seeing a lot more young muslims being sucked into propaganda but they were born or very young around start of events like 9/11 . 
  so it 's not surprising they 're facing an identity/faith frustrations at this moment in their lives after a childhood where other extremist groups with other motivations have changed how we define islam and the west . 
  lets also not forget lot of isis is made up from people already born in the west . 
  lots of these people are fleeing the civil war and the conflicts brought by western isis fighters . 
  if anything they can maybe warn western kids being sucked in by propaganda what life in a warzone is really like . 
  though more likely any young men fleeing from being forced to fight might get bullied by those in the west who want to travel out and join an army . 
  as we do n't travel or hitchhike there 's nothing we can relate to by the pictures of large groups of desperate people in clothes they have n't been able to wash for long time , the numbers scare lot of people . 
  but sight of one boy in western like clothes , alone , looking like he 's asleep on the beach makes people more sad than scared . 
  he also looks like any little child at that age , so anyone with kids or young relatives may think of someone they know . 
  living travelers lifestyle on the road for so long maybe, 
  admittedly most news and chatter online about germany and sweden is how well they are economically . 
  lot of the asylum seekers did have access to the internet at some point in their lives and likely knew about other countries . 
  most likely come from educated middle class backgrounds or they have family there . 
  if civil war broke out in uk i 'd be hoping to get to sweden and germany before other eu countries . 
  lots of propaganda on better lifestyle and husbands you can get , one girl commented they post pictures of good looking men or fighters try to groom them with love messages . 
  when you 're a teenage girl living with your parents , this might entice you at a rebellious age . 
  then when the girls go over they 're used to get more boys to sign up because lifestyle and good looking wives they can get ( works best with guys they know struggle to date in the west ) . 
  with families the guilt is on their children and play on islamic state would give them better life and education than the west like any army recruitment they know the young can be sold the idea of adventure ( and wont think of their own morality that much ) and also upping nationalism , but in this case its about setting up islamic state and talking about wests islamaphobia . 
  they question teenagers identity and faith enough to suck them in or get money, 
  most efficient way to house all the families and reduce impact is to spread the number out across europe than bottleneck numbers in handful of regions . 
  its a descent proposal to ask other eu nations to do the same as another member state, 
  if you think modern western society has same issues native americans faced then you 're too far gone for me to convince otherwise . 
  or at least choosing to ignore the immigration from the generations since too, 
  not realising most of us population and culture was built by people fleeing conflict or immigrating, 
  when war is over and if the region becomes peaceful having a generation that missed on in junior and higher education will have a big impact on rebuilding efforts . 
  living in a camp can help you survive but moving will up education chances if places like turkey can not supply enough school places, 
  i wonder if they 're abusing some of the eu border policies to be able to smuggle more people more easily . 
  but i 'm not sure if any boarder checks change with freedom of travel . 
  not a reason to shut down the policy but maybe look at fixing few holes gangs can abuse, 
  are gangs taking advantage of open boarder policies between eu states ? 
  have boarder checks changed much since its introduction . 
  i love the freedom of travel but has it got an issue which needs to be looked at when it comes to trafficking . 
  i recall euro had issues early on with gangs laundering money between countries so curious if this has similar problems, 
  train version of the reddit safe . 
  surely this of all things should have users buzzing at same level as sub being banned . 
  even if they catch on and buy tickets , you 're going to holiday destinations places like turkey and amsterdam, 
   it 's become known as the aarhus model , a programme designed in denmark 's second city to dissuade young people from going to fight for al-qaeda or islamic state . 
  thirty travelled to syria in 2013 but only two so far this year - and only one in 2014 . 
  ahmed is one young man who was convinced , a few years ago , to draw back from the first step on a path that could have ended in jihad . 
  complaining about other french tourists should be on there, 
  either this is start of exposing the corruption that 's been over fifa and football . 
  or this is part of some internal politics throwing your ( also corrupt ) enemies to authorities and running scot free yourself, 
  snp just shook things up in scotland , quite big blow for labour . 
  and in north of england labour lost one of its main mps . 
  not to mention same for lib dems . 
  ukip may not won new seats but vote shift in some regions enough to get tories worried , who also lost areas in london . 
  there 's been real shift in safe seats and easy votes in some regions . 
  it 's not an easy decided race now or maybe next election . 
  brilliant work, 
  can marry , have children , be open at work , you can parade and have tv shows with positive gay characters . 
  but be careful which b&b s you use and where you buy your cakes from . 
  there 's been few issues with religious people who own businesses or decide to sticker ban streets ( both ended up in court cases though on discrimination ) . 
  there are gay friendly areas , but sometimes people turn up to fight or harass people for being gay . 
  but there 's lot more protection nowadays than there was decades ago . 
  tortures spring to mind more than the drone attacks . 
  maybe they have n't found the note or it was destroyed . 
  murder suicide , maybe he was detaching himself from the situation . 
  investigators would have to look at other mass killing like school shootings on behaviour patterns . 
  if he fell ill suddenly it depends how . 
  would you expect more noise arms/head slumping , gasping etc. 
  if he was dizzy or not feeling well you 'd think he would tell someone , shout out or mumble as he went down , than take control of the plane . 
  or you 'd think the captain would shout about forgetting or messing up the door code, 
  i guess for number of medical reasons they might have expected a sudden shallow , deep , gasping breathing patterns . 
  or even sound of someone slumping in their seat or sounds of distress from losing control of their body or becoming dizzy/faint suddenly . 
  if he was unwell they might expect him not to take control of the plane or let the captain leave the cockpit . 
  there is the risk he did it to be famous , like school shootings where they want to take lot of people out before killing themselves . 
  press have been advised to avoid talking about killers due to copy cats , but this is different unless there 's another pilot with issues like him, 
  it is in a lot rare extreme cases where they make the active thought to take others with them . 
  most suicides are very individual but think in these cases it has added element of other mental health issues and anger problems . 
   [ in murder-suicide ] ( https://www.insidehighered.com/views/2014/03/05/review-thomas-joiner-perversion-virtue-understanding-murder-suicide ) proper , the perpetrator 's decision to kill himself is the primary factor . 
  all else follows from it , through a morbid logic in which the thought of the victim ( s ) continuing to live is `` the final barrier to suicide ... in the perpetrator 's mind . '', 
  the resolution to kill himself `` necessitates , through an appeal to virtue , the death of at least one other person . '', 
   virtue seems a peculiar word to find in this context , but it is the key to the book 's four-compartment typology , defined by the venerable higher goods of mercy , justice , duty , and glory . 
  the perpetrator of murder-suicide considers the death of the other ( s ) as required by at least one , and possibly two , of the four virtues . 
  the act entails `` a perverted and horribly distorted version of [ virtue ] to be sure , '' say joiner , who also indicates that that the decision is always a product of mental illness . 
   from the perspective of anyone but the killer , a murder-suicide compelled by the demands of justice is simply a matter of revenge : the abusive parent or the ex-spouse 's infidelity damaged the suicidal person so badly that life is unbearable , but even more unbearable is the idea of them getting away with it . 
   conversely , the murder may be committed as an act of violent mercy : a way to spare the victim ( or victims ) suffering in the wake of the suicide , as when parents in a suicide pact also kill their children . 
   finally , and the hardest of the four to regard with sympathy , is murder-suicide as a quest for glory . 
  the primary example joiner considers is the columbine killers , who hoped to exceed timothy mcveigh 's death toll , and might have , had their bombs worked . 
  the carnage of jonestown and heaven 's gate might also be relevant examples of murder-suicide pursued in the interest of their leaders ' heroic self-concept , which to anyone else just looks like grandiosity . 
  orchestrating mass death was as close to glory as they ever got . 
  arm charing form past attacks . 
  only people on plane who were known to public were the opera singers ( known really in opera circles i think though ) and the school trip was n't a youth political group , lone terrorist attacker would target something bigger . 
  like soldiers , political groups , activists etc attacking civilians is usually islamic or prov ira/eta groups last few decades and they 're usually very quick to admit it was them . 
  eta is only group with violent history and connection to spain , but they 've pledged away from violence for years now , have n't heard of any build up of activity and this is n't their type of target or style either . 
  it 'll be awful if its a crazed bitter ` it 's their fault i 'm doing this , not my fault ' murder suicide , someone going to have to get therapy over all of their what ifs or public reaction . 
  there are people who kill their entire families during a breakdown or killed their children to get back at partners, 
  they wo n't get autopsy for medical issue he may of had in the cockpit . 
  but with the door lock and that he was still using the control to set it into a descend might be clue to investigators . 
  even from our armchairs it does n't sound good . 
  they 'll have to work with police to look for suicide note or signs in his personal life . 
  even with only few incidents of pilot murder-suicide , wonder if airlines will start regular mental health checks for pilots . 
  hope we never know the reason , if he ` blamed ' someone for it in a suicide note they 'll going to have lot of problems with themselves possibly and they 'll be people out there who might blame them . 
  hope families of the pilot are left alone if it 's # 1 . press can be pretty nasty, 
  was that the pilot who was told he was going to be fired ? 
  would n't want to be someone who checked the plane last . 
  it 's going to be a long wait until you know if it 's something you 've overlooked .
