  except if there is a written document in which is stated that germany never has to pay any new reparations from ww2 ever again . 
  the same document btw which states that we relinquish any claims on for example east prussia forever . 
  no , but other eu states . 
  france is kill , only frankreich now . 
  coming from germany , probably france . 
  denmark , austria , netherlands etc are too small to be able to withstand the inevitable migrant invasion and will have a hard time . 
  poland is too close to russia and will be occupied when something happens to the nato . 
  deflation can be a terrible mess if you are in it for some time since its self-reinforcing . 
  deflations happens when companies starts thinking that prices need to go lower so that people can still afford it . 
  the problem is that every purchase not necessary can be pushed into the future because tomorrow your money is worth more , netting you a interest rate when you hold your money , making the economic situation more grim because no one buys anymore or invests , making companies believe they need to lower prices further because the economy is bleeding , etc. 
  you can effectively be caught in a downward spiral for years . 
  this is true for every country and every currency . 
  edit : i should say the situation is n't that dire ( yet ) , much of the price falls come from [ low oil and therefore energy prices . 
  ] ( http://www.nasdaq.com/markets/crude-oil.aspx?timeframe=2y ), 
  that first link , oh wow . 
  we found a diabolic mastermind , we should kill him to prevent world war 3 . 
  sure , but a liberal is supporting personal economic freedom , too , and a free market , leftists do want typically far more state intervention . 
  liberalism and left-orientated political ideas are just not the same . 
  as someone else commented a lot of if not most liberals are right-leaning . 
   i consider my self liberal/leftist what now , both at the same time is quite impossible . 
  you have economic problems , for gods sake , deal with that first , before you try to change some eu immigrant policies . 
  a wise man chooses his battles . 
  [ or these . 
  ] ( http://i882.photobucket.com/albums/ac24/bfgk/eva-02.png ), 
  brics is a meme organization . 
  they have nothing in common and some of them have active border conflicts . 
  and the polish government : `` look at us , we are the judiciary now . '', 
  the afd is actually for taking in refugees of war , just saying . 
  the ukip would never do that . 
  social spending in germany is very popular and it is rather expanding . 
  so unless you think only spending what you have without getting new credits the economic right , i 'd say we are rather left . 
  they are not even that far right , ukip might be a better comparision than the front national , but they might even be less right than ukip . 
  do n't forget that germany 's parties are all very left , so the torries would be a `` far-right '' party in germany . 
  \\  implying you are not directly profiting from the stability and the biggest market on earth . 
  moslems killing people , talking about shocking news ... not . 
  is n't that rather greater baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ? 
  i mean considering that they have more people than the actual switzerland and would instantly be the most important part of that new state and would dominate the country politically . 
  israel is quite nice if you are jew , not so nice if you are from palestine . 
  would n't set a foot into the country in contrast to france , austria and belgium . 
  then again , i would never leave europe except maybe for japan , new zealand or australia . 
  yes , that neighborhood , with glorious shitholes like syria , pakistan , iraq , afghanistan , saudi arabia , israel , the remains of palestine , that neighborhood . 
  in that neighborhood they are pretty peaceful though . 
  well , probably . 
  the mark would surge in worth and our products would be unbuyable expensive so our trade balance would be negative , i guess . 
  well , no . 
  we reformed our welfare system . 
  also germany has a balanced trade within the eu . 
  see here : http://www.forbes.com/sites/raoulruparel/2015/04/09/bernanke-gets-it-wrong-on-germanys-trade-surplus/#3ac9f3085867 our trade surplus comes from the outside like selling equipment to china or ignoring the trade embargo with iran , though that one does n't exist anymore . 
  i am not exactly sure why this is upvoted . 
  as long as the iran is peaceful they can say whatever the fuck they want . 
  that is not the concern of sanctions . 
  we can still critizise them for it though . 
  and that is when you need a degressive welfare system in the sense that if you work the welfare subsidies only fall half ( or even only 25 % ) as fast as you gain money , so that you essentially have always a monetary reason to still work . 
  that is probably even true , germany had the title in the 90 's . 
  the parliament seats are heavily skewed towards smaller countries . 
  in a democracy more population should have more to say than less population anyway , so its not just germany pays most , so it has most to say . 
  also , italy spain and the uk together would have more to say , but there is no initiative of those countries . 
  this is just the beginning , the party openly declared it has the right to do whatever it wants . 
  and at some point hopefully greece will stop trying to destroy europe . 
  it is a shame that our chancellor believes in a european solution . 
  most eu states are scum . 
  and denmark and luxemburg and liechtenstein, 
  that definition is wrong . 
  with your definition toddlers are technically unemployed . 
  http://www.ilo.org/public/english/bureau/stat/download/res/ecacpop.pdf on page 4 : ( a ) `` without work '' aka your part of the definition ( b ) `` currently available for work '' aka no sick persons , toddlers , pensioneers ( c ) `` seeking work '' aka no house wives the paper is from 1982, 
  except this is the definition of unemployment since the beginning . 
  1 ) is not working 2 ) is looking for work, 
  i heard the last time we visited was not really appreciated . 
  \\  unemployed who are ill ca n't work , so they are n't unemployed , right ? 
  this is literally true though . 
  people who are too sick for work are not seeking work , therefore are not unemployed . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jan/12/polish-press-nazi-imagery-war-of-words-eu-angela-merkel https://euobserver.com/justice/131768, 
  i got the impression that most poles actually believe that . 
  oh well it was nice to have a few years without constant nazi-comparisions . 
  it was fun while it lasted . 
  nono , look , if our media does n't report anything that means he is not crazy enough . 
  that is typically not a bad thing . 
  have n't heard anything about italy , so he is n't very loud . 
  also if we would punish everyone who currently plays the game `` stick it to the germans '' we would need to punish ~ 20 eu countries . 
  spoiler alerts : germany can not decide anything in the eu against that many . 
  hue, 
  but with so much snow we can not highlight the beauty of our cities . 
  that makes no sense , the european weather knows that . 
  30 years ago ? 
  that was 1985 . 
  in that year the major reforms for equalizing women passed years ago already . 
  so yes , womens rights were better in germany 30 years ago than today in turkey . 
  so what exactly is wrong with the balkans ? 
  let me guess , they are too far away from the russian borders to know what happens to the ` friends ' of russia . 
   as it is only ever used to criticise groups that the west dislikes that is a lie , amnesty internatiol critises not only the death penalty in the usa but also the prison condition , the drone war , police brutality and the treatment of migrants . 
  so do me a favor and go back to / r/russia, 
  that is wrong , if the bank gets 1000 euros credit by the central bank and 50 % is the reserve , then the bank can lend 500 euros . 
  but in reality it would be a more , because those 500 euros can be deposited again in a bank and with having 500 euros they can lend 250 euros , etc . 
  actually if you do n't mine fast enough , then you have a deflation problem . 
  but really there is no need to physically limit the inflation , since the central bank has other instruments to change the amount of circulating money , so pegging it is not necessary . 
  gold standard is equally bullshit , i would n't peg my currency to a metal that has almost no value other than ` looking good ' and is a huge speculation object . 
   is designed to limit financial speculation by requiring private banks to hold 100pc reserves against their deposits . 
  so they want to end credits and therefore the swiss economy ? 
  edit :  but over 90pc of money in circulation in switzerland now exists in the form `` electronic '' cash created by private banks , rather than the central bank . 
  this is not how it works either , most money is created by the centralbank through credits to banks and in return they deposit government bonds or similar paper as security .
