lower-saxony , no , we are receiving money from the others ( though we are working on that ) , also our last 3 mp 's ( schr\u00f6der , gabriel , wulff ) became chancellor , president and leader of the second-largest party . 
  i say we are well represented . 
  edit : i checked , last time we received that few money was 1956 . 
  the european manifest destiny , from shore ( atlantik ) to shore ( pacific ) . 
  13 % turnout means that they support the status quo more or less . 
  there are no topics to be voted at , so the laziness wins . 
  shooting down civilian planes , no , killing five year olds , almost all of them . 
  debatable , i think china has that title already , since they approaching twice the defense spending of russia . 
  neither 100 scientiest nor the best . 
  107 were on the way to a conference about hiv . 
  family members , activists and such people , too . 
  [ best sign ever !, 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/03/zeichen_282.svg/2000px-zeichen_282.svg.png ), 
  [ best i can do is a policewoman , a teddybear fighting suit and a guy with a horse mask ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkepow6kgu4&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=77 ), 
  simple . 
  those islans nations gain more from having good relations with the usa and the topic palestine is completely irrelevant in the south pacific . 
  so you can prove your loyalty for american money and have nothing to sacrifice . 
  easy choice . 
  yes , but no one seems to remember that . 
  \\  implying tea is n't literally ambrosia, 
  i am in favor of a military intervention to delete isis and assad and pacify the region , but unfortunately i am quite alone with this . 
  yeah , do n't tell them they do n't have to fear saddams secret police because of america and can actually protest in broad daylight without getting seized by the military . 
  no , its the muslims country turn to take the muslim refugees , pakistan , marocco , algeria , turkey . 
  i am so sorry . 
  this is brought to you by the same people who try to destroy our electricity supply , sabotage our infrastructure , tried to ban meat one day a week in public cantines and believe in homeopathic medicine . 
  perfect timing i guess , the economy needs an upswing badly . 
  you know that the turkish immigrants partially still not speak german after 50 years , right ? 
  that they refuse to give up turkish citizenship and voted erdogan with like 85 % ? 
  look , if you so badly want them , then invite them into your home . 
  we should close the border in the meantime . 
  bring them into a boat , give them something to eat and drink and let them go from board on the southern side of the mediterranean sea . 
  if you feel overburdened then stop letting everyone in , its on you . 
  we should just close the border and watch from far away . 
  no , it was sarcasm . 
  yes , lets take all the refugees from failed states , they were all assets to their home country . 
  i do n't even know why they are coming to europe , africa is a big paradise on earth . 
  also lets detain all those racists who can not see the glorious future of our marxist regime . 
  see , i can do that , too . 
  maybe our chancellor can finally afford the surgical operation to remove the glue from her hands . 
  she is n't the same since the accident . 
  i do n't see an / s , because if you really mean it you must somehow ignored that russia annexed parts of neighbouring countries and might even claim some more . 
  except the ukraine did not begin to strategic exterminate parts of the population of eastern ukraine , because that is what happened on the balkan . 
  the hypocrite are you . 
  fallout 4 is n't out yet , my body is not ready for the bunker . 
  darwinism is not the survival of the strongest , but the fittest and cooperation and solidarity proved to be really good survival methods . 
  this is literally how primates did it . 
  ` social darwinists ' make no sense . 
  yeah , but the berlin senate is one of the acteurs of the most expensive building ruin in germany , current cost is estimated at 5,4 billion euro taxpayer money . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/berlin_brandenburg_airport also they embraced a large deficit spending with subsidies they get from the other german states ( 53 billion euro since ' 95 ), 
  its the city hall of berlin , filled with corrupt politicans and leftists . 
  please bomb exactly this : http://www.german-architecture.info/031-berlin_rotes_rathaus_2.jpg thanks a lot . 
  after all those years , someone finally gets it . 
  germany is currently in a nice economic upturn and with our shitty demographic , who knows if this isnt our last ( literally worst birth rate in the world ) . 
  we need to save right now , not later . 
  so other countries fucked up so hard , they now pay us to store their money ? 
  i am okay with this . 
  i found him , he is part of ` it ' . 
  \\  ludwig ii the guy who sold his kingdom ? 
  who was quite obviously not mentally stable ? 
  the prussians killed him 15 years after the unification because he objected the unification ? 
  thats one of the more inconsistent conspiracy theories i heard . 
  they really need to step up their game . 
  its not phobic if russia is really out there to get you . 
  ` wochenmarkt ' is a thing in germany , too , typically for vegetables , fruits , cheese and meat . 
  well compared to mexico city you might find some order in mogadishu i guess . 
  \\  implying she will not be voted into office until she either retires or dies . 
  russians on the lower end are dirt poor , do n't forget that the whole of russia has an economy at the size of italy . 
  i am not even cdu voter and even i know that is not true , the cdu voters did want neither . 
  to follow-up on this cdu under merkel they become increasingly arbitrary . 
  they wanted a renaissance of nuclear power and outlawed it after fukushima . 
  they opposed minimum wages and implemented it in coalition with the spd . 
  the joke is that they nearly reached absolute majority in the last election ( to be fair there are some other factors in this ) and is a very popular party because of this . 
  fdp classic liberal party , center-right , disappointed their own voters with completely submitting to the cdu with resulted for example in voting against gay-marriage . 
  did n't come above 5 % ( from ~ 15 % ) as result in the last election and got no seats . 
  cold war nostalgics , because the west is ` da evil imperialist scum ' . 
  that actually exists , i am not even surprised . 
  and literally all of ours are with the deutsche bahn . 
  also the the spanish , but not your other other enemy the dutch . 
  well atleast that one most of our governments got right , trading the shit out of everybody . 
  i really see no negatives here , as long as iran stays within its borders , which it does , we can accept the political reality of iran . 
  [ would the real saxony please stand up please stand up ? 
  ] ( http://www.euratlas.net/history/europe/700/entity_779.jpg ), 
  said no one ever . 
  how can one not like bavaria , i like bavaria . 
  but romania is already in the eu . 
  atleast we are a country unlike belgium . 
   which is why i believe he 's a very intelligent nation builder . 
  i think you forgot the part where the country is extremly poor , most of his subjects are uneducated and belarus has no contributions to the progress of humanity . 
  just the huge credits are almost never pumped into useful infrastructure , but consum spending , ( benefits for unemployed , retirees , parents , etc ) , so its almost always positive . 
  in that case russia , definitely russia . 
  whats up with florida ? 
  ( except beaches and disneyland and exil cubans ), 
  france was not in a recession anymore since the end of 2009 and had a moderate growth , that would be the moment to try to get something on the side for the next recession , keynes is not about always spending but also about financing it when the recession is over . 
  so you are forced to spend in bad times and if you just continue to spend in good times , then your debt becomes unbearable at some points and then you can only blame someone else i guess . 
  keynes works excellent at a really short time frame , but not good for longer considerations . 
  5 years + is not a short time frame . 
  germany, 
  in a federation we can do money transfers , you know why ? 
  because then we have a legislative say in matters in those poor countries . 
  this completly changes the game .
