  [ like they did in belgium ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sharia4belgium ), 
  muslim minorities are actually pretty well integrated in romania , for example . 
  but that 's because they really * are * a minority , and have to adapt to the culture around them . 
  countries with ` large minorities ' already have parallel cultures that new migrants can integrate into much easier than in the main culture . 
  so my money is on them not integrating into german culture at all , for the most part , but only adding to the already established muslim subculture . 
  tl ; dr it 's all to do with numbers, 
  that does n't sound ominous at all . 
  this plays right into that conspiracy theory that the [ eu was founded by former nazis ] ( http://www.eu-facts.org/en/background/dark_roots_europe_lecture.html ) , i 'm actually impressed by how well it 's coming together . 
  this a thousand times . 
  europe has always taken in refugees , it always will and it always should . 
  but to spit on the wishes of the native peoples , especially when they only ask for moderation , is irresponsible and even malicious . 
  refugees are human beings but europeans are people too . 
  christianity and sciences have always gone together pretty well though , if you look throughout european history . 
  and with the translation of ancient greek texts into arabic , there were massive developments in science and philosophy in islam as well in the middle ages . 
  so again there would be no problem with education . 
  the precedents are encouraging . 
  the main issue seems to be * civic * education and integration . 
  and the example of canada is revealing : it 's not that canada is a brain-rewiring machine ( they do put more effort into integration tho ) . 
  but canada is not ashamed to expel people who are incompatible with its law and culture of tolerance . 
  most of germany and the netherlands ' problems with extremists would improve if they took off the kids gloves . 
  i always found it a bit weird how the southern borders of the roman empire mostly just licked along the rim of north africa . 
  good ol romans knew their shit . 
  this would n't be happening if europe were still in control of all maritime traffic on the med . 
  slow down , moriarty . 
  when you hear `` incompetent shitheads '' it is n't clear for you that i 'm talking about competence ? 
  if you understand incorrectly , that 's your problem , so spare me . 
  and `` shit-head '' specifically mentions the head , like in `` shit-for-brains '' which talks about intelligence not malevolence . 
  so yeah , i see engrish is indeed hard . 
  not in 70 years , today . 
  and not malevolent greedy , but incompetent . 
  those words mean such different things , i ca n't even ... not one anecdote , information from workers , plus the dumb stuff they say and do that makes it into the news . 
  today just is n't your day , is it flyboy ? 
  the un are a bunch of incompetent shitheads . 
  source : friends who 've worked for the un and have parents/diplomats work with them . 
  sorry to spoil your faith but yeah , harbor no illusions . 
  or , keep having it ? 
  the argument that `` oooh the un said it , so it must be good '' does n't carry weight with everyone though . 
  are you a child or just a troll ? 
  if the former , i 'll give you an explanation , even though it 's simple as balls . 
  the fuck is federal law ? 
  are you from the us ? 
  because dude , we do n't give a damn what happens in your backwater . 
  especially not in this sub , which is about europe . 
  so does anyone who sells you anything ever . 
  supermarkets would let you starve if you could n't pay them . 
  as long as the dude 's getting his money 's worth and the customer service is good , he has every right to be happy . 
  does n't matter , it sets a precedent of ` some more equal than others ' for isps . 
  first they do it here , then they expand it . 
  this is just their way of easing people into it . 
  so it 's all bad , no clarification can fix the fact that this thing exists . 
  no , i 'm not trying to do that . 
  marriage does n't strengthen anything , nor does non-married partnership . 
  the longer people stay together , the more they get sick of each other , married or not . 
  the only thing marriage strengthens is the feeling of responsibility toward one another . 
  do n't be a smartass . 
  you can try to reinvent the wheel all you like , but you know that 's how things are . 
  anyone who denies it is playing devil 's advocate or just not living in the real world , neither of which concerns me . 
  what disadvantage ? 
  i just said a married couple is more stable than an unmarried one . 
  it 's the main reason `` getting cold feet '' is a thing . 
  you can be committed to someone else without being married to them , but you ca n't be married to them without being committed ( in principle , and i wo n't hear blah blah anecdotal stuff about celebrities or someone 's friends ) . 
  there 's generally no practical advantage to being married though , aside from tax stuff depending on the country . 
  unmarried couples have more advantages across the board otherwise . 
  well they 've waited this long , to put it cynically . 
  all manner of people have difficulty marrying whoever they want . 
  some people in hetero marriages are n't even allowed to live in the same country . 
  shit 's fucked up , but that 's life . 
  only way to deal with it is to get the government 's claws out of the whole marriage thing as soon as possible . 
  children grow up with better emotional development when they have a stable family situation , especially the presence of mother who has the most influence on development . 
  that 's the only reason the state has to promote ye olde marriage . 
  a bunch of single people with no lingering attachments would be more profitable in any other situation . 
   so you 're going to discriminate a group of people to make a point about * all * marriage ? 
  well he does have a point . 
  as your dad said ,  * it should be equal for everyone . 
  * i 'm of a similar view , actually . 
  the whole modern approach to marriage is inadequate . 
  though tbh , the map is about gay marriage , not gay-ness . 
  could be someone approves more of one than the other , so it 's hard to say . 
  pretty much all religions have a day to celebrate the dead , but the americanised version is n't really recognised except by teenagers . 
  aaaah , all the replies above trying to draw a distinction between expat and immigrant  ca n't throw a rock without hitting a westerner . 
  why though . 
  i mean yeah , banning fertilization is kind of ... odd . 
  especially from a party that 's all about family and parenthood ( from what i gather ) . 
  but it 's better for orphans to be adopted into families ; they 're already alive & stuck in a life where they have no home , no family , a cruel lot to fall into . 
  it 's a nicer thing to do for a child to adopt it , if you ca n't have your own and for some reason want to have a child . 
  but that 's just my view , i 'm kind of an antinatalist tbh . 
  tl ; dr yeah banning fertilization is bad , but adoption trumps it ethically when it comes to the interests of children, 
  do n't bet on other parties caring about lgbt . 
  none of them give a shit . 
  lefties like to act as white nights because it 's a sure way to guarantee all lgbt votes . 
  what is noticed in countries that have had lgbt rights for a long time is that those voters tend to spread out among the parties , some staying left , some going right , because once they have what they want they have no reason to stay loyal to the left . 
  so do n't imagine the left would do more than string you along . 
  and abortions will happen anyway , like they always have . 
  technology 's pretty good too so even back-alleys wo n't be too dangerous . 
  as for invitro , eh yeah that sucks . 
  nothing wrong with adoption though . 
  [ pets ] it 's ok , flags r hard . 
  so you finally noticed my flair . 
  i 'm going to vote on the next election specifically to spite you ,
