  so it was a concerted effort involving more than the people we saw on the roof itself . 
  the media could get an equally 'em otional ' response if it showed this stuff too , so it 's not like profits are at stake here . 
  it 's looking more and more like a textbook liberal agenda . 
  meanwhile , in basescu 's pad ... [ crickets ], 
  man , if only ... we 'd have hexed our math teacher so bad . 
  no but really , our school life was pretty boring . 
  idk what the hell they 're smoking up where you live , but it looks fun  ), 
  oh man , and in the youtube comments section of course there 's some huns trying to claim transylvania is their land and that the dacians did n't exist . 
  reminds me why i hate those people when news is n't about their handling of the migrants . 
  there is literally no way a place on earth could be `` too white '' . 
  that 's like saying a country in africa is `` too black '' and needs an import of foreigners so that the natives have `` a chance to work through prejudice and misconceptions . '', 
  it 's racist beyond belief . 
  germany really is fucked if a lot of people think like you . 
   had implying ... 
   all i hear is `` not our problem '' , `` no quotas '' , `` no '' and `` no '' . 
  that 's all you hear because that 's all your ` independent ' media shows you . 
  i 've listened to all interviews and press conferences my president and prime minister gave on this issue , and both said the same thing : that they communicated to the eu the number of refugees we have the physical capacity to house at this time , that we 're open to quotas as long as they are voluntary and not mandatory , and that a solution would be involvement in making syria safe to live in/getting rid of isis , because that would be tackling the causes of this problem , rather than the symptom which is migration . 
  we have an army , we have equipment , we have soldiers who were involved in iraq and afghanistan along with the us and have experience , we would probably be totally up for moving against isis , i.e. 
  doing what we 're supposed to do . 
  i do n't agree with my politicians on a lot , but on this issue they 're eminently reasonable . 
  unlike yours . 
  yes . 
  orban has repeatedly shown his lack of ability to give the slightest fuck . 
  like when he gave the imf an ultimatum to pack their bags and leave the country . 
  i did n't even know you could * do * that before he did it . 
  woah , take it easy orban . 
  yes , they fled the serbian warzone . 
  much terror . 
  so scary . 
  wow . 
  meanwhile , in syria , the kurdish women are out there fighting . 
  the impaling was giving them their own medicine . 
  dear old vlad learned it from the turks . 
  the only people who should take syrian migrants are those who destabilized syria . 
  which in this case is primarily us and the uk . 
  any other suggestion is akin to promoting white guilt . 
  `` hurr durr you had empire so you better repent . '', 
  expect more of that soon in a germany near you . 
  the migrants just broke down the hungarian border and are throwing rocks at police . 
  the south ? 
  idk , religion was never really heavily pushed at any point of my childhood . 
  we had religion class throughout school , but it was n't too bad - and we tended to skip it anyway , lolol . 
  oh shit , i should 've said portugal . 
  i apologise . 
  we love you , portugal !, 
  oh you did n't , i know , but the whole ` eastern europe wuz imperialist ' was just the wrong thing to say . 
  if someone wanted to use that argument to push quotas on the east it would still be misguided . 
  i 'd love to hear about the empire romania had . 
  even if you distributed refugees based on history of imperialism , a lot of european countries would end up scot free . 
  we never got priests and teddy bears at any of my schools . 
  i feel cheated . 
  lol good luck . 
   if you want islamic schools gone entirely fucking ban them . 
  there 's nothing wrong with considering the christian culture of a nature as an `` inviolable aspect '' or some such and argue on legal grounds that the promotion of faiths contradictory to it is not allowed . 
  israel keeps its social identity in an iron grip , and nobody criticises them for not being ` egalitarian ' or ` secular ' enough . 
  literally nobody . 
  it 's nonsense that these standards should therefore be applied to europe , when the alternative is stuff like what 's going on in england right now . 
  laughing very hard at how secularism offers infinitely more traction to islam than christianity ever would . 
  enjoy sharia . 
  when i was in school , romania was considered central europe too - because we measured europe from spain to the urals , and romania is smack in the middle . 
  since the eu has gotten traction , the center of `` europe '' is considered germany , which now places romania in the east . 
  so this confusion between central and eastern has gone on for a long time . 
  he 's opposing the quotas same as everyone though ? 
  he actually has very balanced things to say about it , arguing we should take migrants in * within * the limits of our capabilities , which is exactly what the president is saying . 
  if they were really bent over for the eu , they 'd be `` jawohl ! '', 
  and agree to the quotas . 
  they 're adamantly not . 
  you underestimate how much romanians hate russia . 
  of course it 'd have been better to be switzerland , but switzerland is not right in the path of germany toward russia & russia toward germany . 
  also public opinion formed itself . 
  our monarchy was german ( hohenzollern-sigmaringen ) and the people could judge the difference between german and russian soldiers during the war . 
  my grandma 's village hosted both types , and the german soldiers were orderly , clean , polite . 
  and when the russians marched through , grandma says they were filthy and thieving . 
  taking advantage of the people so that they would n't give us a preview of what they would do to berlin , i guess . 
  shit tier emotional manipulation . 
  she is n't even trying anymore . 
  send all of these sickos to siberia . 
  they show fury , and a lot of them show * common sense * , with statistics and valid explanations of why eastern europe is reacting the way it does . 
  and also a proper finger pointed at the hypocrisy of us , ny , and the times editorial board . 
  apparently not . 
  ours have been pretty brave , going into towns , taking stuff from bins or shops or whatever . 
  some hungarian minister wants us to `` cull '' them , because they 're `` terrifying people '' and there 's over 10000 bears . 
  the eu only insists we protect 6000 . 
  but romanians do n't really want to kill them , we love wild nature . 
  i would n't cross transylvania on foot if you fuckin paid me . 
  it has this preinstalled security system called : the largest brown bear population in europe . 
  you ever try to build something on mountain peaks , bro ? 
  the cops are cops . 
  they 're trained to handle it - and none of them died there , as far as i saw . 
  they chose that job , too . 
  the horses a ) are being ridden , so they ca n't run away from the conflict like any sane creature would , and b ) did n't ask for any of that fuckery . 
  animals are literally the most innocent participants in that scenario . 
  so hell yeah i care more about them than i do about the cops . 
  deal with the proverbial it . 
  how does the eu know they ca n't change it ? 
  maybe i think too highly of their capabilities . 
  in this age though , where everything is surveillance , i would imagine it 's easier than ever before to catch someone doing something they ought not , and pressure them to change . 
  everyone 's spying on everyone else , whatever moral outrage the germans show when they catch the nsa at it . 
  and the thing about responsibility is , as i said , more tricky in the east , where citizens either are or * feel * supremely powerless at very deep cognitive levels . 
  even when the citizens have a referendum against a disgustingly corrupt leader ( as happened in my country a couple of years ago ) , the eu calls it `` a coup '' and backs the president , ignoring an overwhelming popular vote against him , and put him back in power .
