  russia 's been an imperialist bully to its neighbours since even before ww1 but especially afterwards , what they call themselves is immaterial . 
  only country around that compares is probably the us , but i think this is the view more in my family than in my country in general . 
  compared to a communist divided europe , it does n't sound half bad tbh . 
  i 'm beginning to think this is all just a big conspiracy to bring the right wing back in power through sheet outrage . 
  i could n't even imagine people could be so fucking entitled . 
  weeks of seeing this attitude is enough to redpill anyone . 
  u wot m8, 
  just a wild guess , but maybe this happens because when people try to contradict the ` accept all ' narrative in real life , they get shat on relentlessly by liberals . 
  most of the swedish speakers in that debate sounded positively dictatorial , wanting to do away with the side of the discussion that disagreed with them , emotionally blackmailing their opponents , and basically dismissing the concerns of a good many voters . 
  you should not be surprised if this pushes people into a corner , which so happens to be this sub i guess . 
  but compared to being treated like that ^ in public , being downvoted is not something to cry over . 
  well it sure gets less exposure than french or italian , so naturally it 's going to sound ` strange ' to most people . 
  even a broken clock is right twice a day . 
  and when they ask that , [ the answer tends to be ... ] ( https://youtu.be/4tfbh9be6rs?t=44s ), 
  what 's wrong with macaroni , you sleazy motherfucker ? 
  are you even serious . 
  restricting consumption is the worst thing to do for the economy . 
  when it contracts , you should * ease * people 's purchasing power , to get the economy going up again . 
  educate yourself , the ` world of economics ' has been saying this for years . 
   that 's greatly exaggerated . 
  then bulgaria missed out on a great business opportunity !, 
  heh , my comment was mostly sarcastic . 
  but it is true that there 's pretty good interethic/religious integration in romania ( or at least , * peaceful * if not ` good ' ? 
  idk ) . 
  but yeah , the criteria are a bit dodgy . 
  lol heard that before , and not just in ro . 
  some men will say anything ... 
  i resent their findings . 
  my country has exactly 0 problems with immigrants . 
  one of them is even our president !, 
  none of them joining isis , none of them beating the locals at murder and rape . 
  we deserve better than a score of 45 !, 
  pfft . 
  people like to diss horses , but they 're beautiful animals . 
  and environmental friendly !, 
  reading migrants ' reactions when they hear about my country gives me a very particular feeling , like if you 'd been rejected by someone you do n't like but who is also uglier than you . 
  so it 's a mix of `` whew , yes good , leave me alone '' together with `` bitch , the * fuck * did you just say !? 
  i am way more fab than you ! '', 
  implying poor unskilled eepeons * have * 1000 $ . 
  only after we reconquer constantinople from the turk, 
  did n't greece have any impact on you , you cold hearted bastard ? 
  :p greece was my main wakeup call , i think . 
  germany treated them with incredible cruelty , no matter what their sins . 
  and then to be indifferent toward ukraine , and this stupidly generous toward 20 % syrians/80 % illegals just tilted the scales way too much for me too . 
  not sure an intermarium would work though . 
  all the monies is in the west , let 's be honest , and the same processes that brought greece down could be used against any country . 
  [ / fixes tinfoil hat ], 
  balls of fucking steel . 
  this suddenly makes everything about the eu so clear . 
  thanks for this comment . 
  yeah , some undoubtedly integrated . 
  i read ( on wiki mind you , so take it as you will ) that after serfdom was abolished a number of gypsies integrated themselves into romanian society , and within a few generations nobody could tell them apart from the native population . 
  and there 's always been intermarriages , with integration following at * least * beginning with the couple 's children . 
  but it 's hard to count how many instances of this there are/how many individuals are involved . 
  [ look at a historical map of austro-hungaria . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/50/dissolution_of_austria-hungary.png ), 
  did you mean to reply to someone else , or what are you doing ? 
  only yes he is protected . 
  his family did n't run the country into the ground , he did . 
  the fact that they have his close associates ` indicted ' and still somehow do n't have enough evidence to nail him is just unbelievable . 
  that is fantastic news !, 
  cluj can fucking keep him , 
  mainly a distraction , yes . 
  if there were any real effort to serve justice , you * know * who they 'd be going after . 
  there is every interest to go after basescu . 
  the anti-corruption agency would get immense confidence from the people , the press would have a proverbial field day , and the amount of money they 'd recover from confiscating his illegally obtained assets would be a pretty big financial boost . 
  the only person who benefits from the agency not going after basescu , is basescu . 
  instead we 're fed small fries and scraps from the table ( and if they 're former rivals of his , all the better ) , to keep us quiet because `` look , you see ? 
  muh independent justice ! '', 
  sorry , but i became immensely cynical about all this political theatre when it became clear to me that basescu would never see a jail cell . 
  yeap , let him resign for boc to take his place  ), 
  not all . 
  the biggest , worst ones remain untouchable . 
  all these others just smack of distraction . 
  it depends on who you ask . 
  hungarians are also heavily mixed with other ethnicities , from their former occupied territories in the area . 
  meanwhile , gypsies have remained pretty homogenous because they kept to themselves . 
  why you racist , bro ? 
  huh ? 
  huh ?!, 
  why you racist ? 
   not a dismissable miority no but no everyone at the gate was then on the roof throwing rocks . 
  the throwing rocks from the roof was a moment of creativity , rather than a show of politeness , i think . 
  but a lot of people - a lot - were at the gate , with the bravest battering it down while the others either cheered on , or waited for them to ` open the way ' , violently . 
  they would be very happy for the blame to fall on those aggressive fools while all of them reap the benefits of a highly violent and illegal action . 
  so the kumbaya argument does n't sway me yet . 
  all of them had the option to register either in hungary , or in serbia . 
  6 of them did . 
  the other 6000 or however more , they 'd rather take their chances hospitalizing hungarian police . 
  i would n't know . 
  they did n't show the people on the ground throwing the rocks up . 
  the other people were busy charging at the police anyway , lol . 
  they were n't a peaceful bunch , otherwise they would n't have broken through the gate in the first place , let 's be honest . 
  if you look at the recording of those lined up at the gate before it broke down , it was a shitload of people , more than twice all the cops gathered there . 
  not a dismissable minority . 
  i watched it live , and i do n't remember the camera panning from the burning tires to those guys on the roof . 
  when i watched , the camera panned from loads of people on the street , to them . 
  and the guys were throwing stuff in the same direction , from the same angle . 
  so my guess is it happened at least twice . 
  also , when i was watching it , not only were there guys throwing rocks from the roof , but there were people on the ground who threw the rocks * onto the roof * for them to use as ammo .
