  they did . 
  they decided to drop that inconvenient little detail , haha . 
  considering the size of the protests i 've seen in poland , if i were the poor fuck that voted yes i 'd be scared shitless about returning home , lol . 
   members of the `` no border '' movement what kind of mickey mouse bullshit is this, 
  the psychology of the country is still uncertain and paranoid , most people 35 + grew up in that atmosphere . 
  the threats isis made are taken pretty seriously too . 
  i still ca n't believe there are people who listen to what he says . 
  if he were still president , he 'd bend over so fast for the eu he 'd trip on his trousers . 
  guy lies as he breathes , and idiots eat it up . 
  hmm noooot really . 
  a unanimous vote is required , and they ca n't have it . 
  if they go by majority vote it would be against the rules ( or bending the rules to get what they want ) . 
  as it is though , it 's pretty clear mandatory quotas should not legally happen . 
  case closed . 
  this would leave the popular countries , like germany and sweden , to deal with the asylum applications they do get and sort them out at the national level . 
  it 's not like other countries can * force * refugees to apply for asylum there if they do n't want it . 
  the only indecisiveness comes from germany being a whiny baby and not wanting to follow the rules . 
   when in fact muslims in general are no more religious than christians in general citation needed . 
  are you suggesting they 're hypocritical and take advantage of the population 's ~ ~ desire for homogeneity ~ ~ xenophobia , just until they get power , or that their ideas are in line with the ideas of a representative majority ? 
  because let me tell you something about the role of majorities in a democracy ... 
   does that mean flamethrowers [ . 
  it does n't work . 
  the rapes that took place during ww2 , especially in the case of the occupation of berlin by the soviets , was enemy against ` enemy ' , which gives it a combative angle . 
  the rapes there were horrifyingly brutal , meant to be ` revenge ' , not just the self satisfying crimes those people wrote the letter about . 
  in short , rapes in ww2 and in war situations are typically rival group vs rival group 's women . 
  here , all the refugees are part of the same group not at war , which would mean they should stick together ( which they do when it comes to breaking down gates and intimidating policemen ) . 
  :( that makes me very sad . 
  it 's not an easy language admittedly , but damn it ... 
  they should take english completely out of the curriculum , or at least out of the media . 
  there 's hungarian communities in romania where the people can only speak magyar , because they 're trying so hard to preserve their language , and that in a foreign country . 
  how did the us even allow that to happen . 
  fucking germany , its big companies need a firm governmental whipping . 
  your description does n't really account for the women , gays and non-whites in europe that criticise mass immigration . 
  not to mention it ignores the origin of south-eastern europe 's defensiveness , which estonia , sheltered as it is , ca n't understand . 
  it 's not about emotion , it 's just common sense at this point . 
  it 's only the 'em otion ' of fear of social exclusion that keeps people from coming to terms with this . 
  if you have n't already , watch the danish/swedish debate on immigration , it perfectly encapsulated both sides of the discussion . 
  the transylvanian accent is pretty often laughed at in muntenia though , so i 'm not sure how ` official ' it 's considered . 
  tsk , for shame !, 
  that 's really messed up about ireland though , they should really preserve their language , it would be a shame for it to vanish . 
  they should be hit legally and financially as hard as possible , put fear into every other car manufacturer . 
  what the fuck were those assholes thinking ?!, 
  40 times , holy shit . 
   for rapists it 's harder to find a good parallel [ really ? 
  look up the defrosting of siberia and methane gas . 
  that shit is pretty scary . 
  do n't know what kind of women you 've grown up around , buddy . 
  it 's still a problem though , just like the english said when they were thinking about making female-only trains as a way to counteract harassment and rape . 
  1 ) it only protects those women while they 're there , leaving other women elsewhere as potential victims , 2 ) if the men predisposed to rape and harassment are n't caught having done it , they remain free to do it in more inconspicuous places . 
  it 's not like any/all men would commit rape only under the right circumstances , it 's a case of some men being willing to commit rape , and waiting for the right circumstances . 
  so the problem becomes catching those men . 
  changing the circumstances temporarily and locally does n't really solve the problem that those men pose for basically as long as they 're alive and free . 
  best option would probably be a very close screening of men before granting them asylum with others . 
  this is another instance in which having something less than an uncontrollable wave would be better . 
  edit : not to mention that male-on-male rape is also a thing , and it tends to be gravely underreported . 
  no way , man . 
  a fence to keep them out could also keep them in . 
  leave the gates wide open . 
  yes , i 'm certain germany has no organised crime being done by immigrants . 
  [ the kind that popped up after the yugoslav war ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serb_mafia_in_scandinavia ), 
  so instead of tackling the problem of men being fucking pigs , you 'd just bump up the security . 
  nice . 
  and what would happen to the women who might not benefit from that security ? 
  it 's after all a refugee camp , not a life sentence in prison . 
  another instance of trying to solve a problem by attacking the symptoms instead of the cause . 
  jail those bastards . 
   that 's called `` illegal '' . 
  and the eu has never done anything illegal . 
  nope . / s the hell would they do if you told them to shove it ? 
  invade you ? 
  they 're a bunch of spineless morons , your politicians should stop giving a damn what the eu thinks , on the rare moments it does . 
  italy no . 
  get all the fit young men , put them in an army unit , send them back to their country . 
  keep the women and children safe here until syria is safe to go back to , then send them all back . 
   criminal gang masquerading as a political party so basically , like every major political party in the last 100 years ? 
  / s [ ort of ] yeah idk who their voter base consists off . 
  really pissed off people , i guess . 
  when you get really disappointed by mainstream politics , you either do n't vote or troll vote . 
   in the west hellooooo putin . 
  and y' know , i do n't think nato would actually care , just like they do n't care about turkey . 
  all they care about is their sphere of influence . 
  ahahaha yeah that does sound like a fix-all . 
  i somehow doubt it would go over that smoothly though , there 's not even a precedent to a country being kicked out . 
  and they could probably kiss the privatizations goodbye . 
  currently daydreaming about all the ways the eu would shit themselves if golden dawn won . 
  does n't look like they minded , lol . 
  their own genitalia was probably none more flowery . 
  i always thought the most common one was actually popescu . 
  pop is not a surename i 've come across often . 
  but popa ... hmm , actually my gp is a mrs. popa !, 
  [ i do n't think it 's just the french state 's fault for failing at an impossible problem . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9xjee90wco ), 
  [ they do n't even have to have a plan . 
  ] ( http://www.rt.com/usa/germany-us-pact-komossa-978/ ), 
  elections are n't around the corner though , are they ? 
  and does the queen still have to approve the pm before he takes office ? 
  i 'm out of the loop when it comes to british law . 
  yes . 
  and both are synonymous with fucking satan .
