stay strong belgium , my heart goes out to all the victims and their families . 
  since he 's gained alot of popularity amongst some people over here , his endorsement after he loses the nomination ( which will happen ) will give huge boost to whomever gets it . 
  do n't worry , he wo n't win . 
  now for something completely different ... 
  you 've basically nailed it . 
  if he does he probably wo n't go through with it , he does n't have the balls . 
  plus if he ever did i 'd leave america ( planet earth as well if i could . ), 
  he could , but he would get practically no attention ... 
  do n't think so , he 's just trying to make himself relevant again . 
  he goes wherever the money and opinion flows . 
  i 'm interested in foreign affairs , so i 'll be checking that out . 
  bernie wo n't win , the democratic party establishment really wants hillary . 
  as for the republicans , it 'll probably be marco rubio . 
  yep ... our political process is like a fastfood restaurant : quick , messy , and unhealthy ... 
  bush was a total failure , but obama has n't been that much of an improvement ... ( in my opinion , and i 'm pretty center left ) . 
  i do n't think trump is seriously gon na go through with running even if he 's nominated , he just wants to be in the spotlight . 
  bernie sanders is a pretty fair guy , but i do n't think many of his policy plans would work in the us ... 
  long story ... you see it all began in 1775 [ insert ton of other historical information here ] , and now we always overdraw our election cycles . 
  but in all seriousness , elections here are kinda like a reality show contest , people who run simply wan na make a name for themselves in politics even if they do n't get nominated . 
  you obviously do n't know how american elections work  they 're like a media circus ( more or so entertaiment like `` reality television '' ) . 
  if only politics in the us was this entertaining ... 
  why is it that civil war is constantly being brought up on this subreddit ? 
  there was some short lived anger over here in the states , though more over hatred towards russia than concern for the ukrainians ... 
  ... `` they ( the bolsheviks ) hatin '', 
  are n't pashtuns the largest ethnicity in afghanistan ? 
  sounds kinky ... 
  pretty much . 
  [ sorry , i have to ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=58mah_0y8tu ), 
  just trying to lighten up the conversation . 
  my apologies . 
  india ? 
  belarus ? 
  i think putin and erdogan should have an arm wrestling match , hows that for diplomacy ? 
  give them some time , they 'll kiss and make up eventually . 
  russia : you 're a stupid head !!!, 
  turkey : well , you 're a farty pants !!!, 
  russia : i know you are but what am i ? 
  turkey : * sticks tongue out makes a raspberry, 
  what do you want us to do ? 
  damn , it seems this entire subs thread is full of russia and turkey trading punches ... 
  that 's still a thing ? 
  so it begins ... 
  german hospitality is unmatched !, 
  ( i 'm not even german , but i wish i was ) . 
  finally , some uplifting news ... 
  no more turkish kebabs for russians ? 
  point taken . 
  good point . 
  it looks like the ottoman and byzantine empires are trying to make a comeback . 
  you should , it 's pretty hilarious . 
  sorry , i was n't aware . 
  while i agree , i think killing the unarmed pilot after he ejected was going too far . 
  have you never seen team america : world police ? 
  well ... you got me there ... 
  i can see that from your comment history . 
  i 'm no jingoistic murica fuck yea !, 
  type of american , but you sound like you have some serious grievances towards my country . 
  do n't be lumping us all together . 
  it 's just a joke , get a sense of humor . 
  wow , ca n't imagine the confusion that was going on in the dutch embassy workers heads . 
  [ russian police be like ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-sqkbgmt-vo8/vlexpohz6gi/aaaaaaaabzm/bjvtvtg9n74/s1600/oops-my-bad-wont-let-it-happen-again.jpg ), 
  i doubt it 's any different from your average internet troll . 
  i do n't mean to sound dumb , but which incident are you referring to ? 
  i actually tried to travel to germany for a study abroad program , only to have it fall through due to trouble with money transfer . 
  i 'm a huge germanophile ( fan of german culture ) and am trying to learn german at my university ( not doing so well though ) . 
  lol , i meant the finnish-soviet conflict . 
  did your grandfather serve in the winter war ? 
  were any other of your family members in the soviet military ? 
  if so , were they given preferential treatment ? 
  was n't romanias military in shambles after wwii ? 
  why did n't they just annex all of romania ? 
  it was basically its satellite state at the time . 
  i 'm a political science major with an interest in international relations , history , and other cultures . 
  i 've always wanted to travel , but i 've never had the chance to leave the east coast of the united states . 
  i thought de-stalinization happened under kruschev, 
  how was shopping for food ? 
  i heard you had to wait in line for a certain product . 
  did anyone have any idea about what life was like outside the country ? 
  so you 're kazakh-german ? 
  interesting , i posted that question on r/croatia , but noone seemed to want to answer . 
  did the average cotizen have an idea about what life was like outside the ussr ? 
  the former soviet republics , not the eastern bloc . 
  since london is located in england ( as well as being the dominant state in the united kingdom ) we tend to disregard scotland , wales , and northern ireland . 
  we do the same thing with britain and england lol . 
  here in the us , we commonly use ( d ) soviet and russian interchangeably despite the presence of 14 other nations . 
  so was basically russification ? 
  was there a great emphasis on `` soviet '' nationality ? 
  ( basically trying to diminish the various ethnic identities that existed in the ussr in an attempt to create national unity ), 
  interesting , was your mom ukrainian ? 
  are you from kiev ? 
  nice point . 
  was n't their ethnic favoritism towards russian citizens during that era ? 
  thanks for the reply , i guess your grandparents were more used to living in a communist society . 
  that 's probably the most positive experience of living within the soviet union that i 've ever read . 
  i 've always wondered why the soviets annexed moldova from romania . 
  was there a line to wait in , or is that just a generalization ? 
  i wish i had stayed in germany . 
  one the worlds loveliest countries . 
  i wan na go back so bad ! ... 
  fuck no,
