  cameron was oportunistic and irresponsible . 
  he called the referendum for the exact same reason that may called the election . 
  he thought victory was in the bag , that there was no possibility to lose , and that he would profit from the result politically and economically . 
  he was motivated by greed and power-hungriness , just as may . 
  cameron 's expectation was that remain would win by a short margin , just like all the polls were saying . 
  with that , he expected to discredit ukip and gain its voting base for the conservatives , on the one hand ; and to use the closeness of the vote to blackmail the eu into giving more special privileges to the uk , under the threat that if the eu did n't comply , the uk might call another referendum in the future ( one in which leave would win ) . 
  his resignation was nothing to admire him for . 
  he refused to deal with the mess he created . 
  i swear i sometimes think you are a cni plant to make catalan separatism look like a sack of lunatics . 
  it is n't ironic . 
  this shitshow was always a ploy of the catalan conservatives to ride the coattails of the scottish referendum . 
  this announcement is n't an improvisation , and it being planned for today is n't a coincidence . 
  they chose today because they expected the snp to do well and announce a second referendum , instead of imploding . 
  ah , the decisive , one in a lifetime historical moment of every year . 
  whoever could imagine that voters would n't support robbing old people and killing foxes . 
  1 ) someone may correct me , but i think construction is financed with particular donations only 2 ) gaudi 's original plans were lost in the civil war edit : ate a word and a half, 
  what does the australian say to the czech when his king is threatened ? 
  `` czech , mate '', 
  the reichstag building is burning down , burning down , burning down . 
  the reichstag building is burning down , heil my lady . 
  remember , with brexit that man will get booted out of the uk and the other one will remain . 
  history happens once as tragedy , then as farce . 
  [ everybody remember the last time germany drafted a special plan for the western balkans ? 
  ] ( https://www.aph.gov.au/binaries/library/pubs/rp/1995-96/96rp14.pdf ), 
  serves her well for suspending the campaign and then using the attacks to publicize her internet censorship program . 
  it 's called boobs . 
  well . 
  then he 's a weird guy . 
  what . 
  i do n't understand where you are getting that from . 
  i really do n't . 
  `` old castile '' is how the east half of modern castilla y leon was named in the middle ages . 
  the post is about the medieval walls of a city in what was once old castile . 
  the title simply means that old castile is in spain , not that spain is old castile . 
  how likely is that this is a political statement and not just a poetic name thing ? 
  that 's simplistic . 
  she can use terrorist attacks to fulfill her agenda without causing the attacks herself . 
  just like bush and 9/11 . 
  i just hope british voters are above her syren singing and realize that all these attacks are happening under the conservatives watch . 
  the claim is a lie according to the european union , as well . 
  it gets less tight with age . 
  we had a resignation . 
  that 's new . 
  i 'm curious , at which point does greed become a mental illness ? 
  i mean , being a politician is n't that bad paid of a job , especially at this level . 
  they do n't actually need to prostitute themselves like this to have a living and a home at the beach , you know ? 
   spaniards also have a tendency to refer to other countries 's primer ministers as `` presidents '' , although that 's mostly restricted to informal situations . 
  if you ask somebody who theresa may a very likely answer would be that she 's the `` president of england '' which is doubly wrong , but still funny . 
  this ... is really not the case , and especially not in the case of the united kingdom whose prime minister is in spanish news every other week . 
  such an overzelous barber , tho, 
  he looked 20 years older than that, 
  whatever happened to `` united in diversity . '', 
  if you told me this was a promotional pic for the handmaid 's tale i 'd believe it . 
  montenegro = insert black lives matter joke, 
  may may dump drumpf . 
  why not `` steve '' ? 
  pcpe and trevijanos in the first case , vox and falange voters in the second . 
  t_d told you that electing macron would have consequences . 
  el pais pulling a smokescreen out of their ass because psoe militants did not vote for their favorite charmless ogress . 
  we only get the gay ones , obviously . 
  may may trump trump . 
  hmmm re-coloring the map made me realize that france and belgium are scale behind spain and the netherlands , or that there were no countries in the middle section , meaning that the most pro-gay marriage country in eastern europe is at least 10 points behind the least pro-gay country in the west . 
  i purposely chose not to use green because of the assumption that green means right and red bad . 
  i chose blue for least and red for most as an analogy to cold and hot . 
  the cross is meant to chastize them for doing a poor colorizing job ( not just for choosing it poorly but for also coloring countries wrongly and making some countries look more like others when they are n't that close ) , but i see how it could be interpreted otherwise . 
  [ map made more understandable with this simple trick ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3ycnjef.png ), 
  because we have this * sambenito * of being religious , so people project what is religious in their own culture unto us and expect us to conform to that . 
  portugal and spain had democracy before they had fascism . 
  is this how you increase ties with the commonwealth ? 
  and the uk is doing exactly the same . 
  may it live many years . 
  and die peacefully , in storage . 
  what . 
  who is going to give 4 + points to spain then ? 
   why i have a feeling that germany is expected to pay for most of the euro-bonds , anti-crisis budgets and unemployment insurances . 
  because germany has profited immensely from the crisis in the rest of the eurozone . 
  well , she 's french . 
  you want britain to leave eurovision ? 
  green = independent celtic peoples according to the map astures , cantabri , and possibly others were celtic but are not shown as celtic here, 
  they forgot to color half of northern spain green . 
  disclaimer : some empires may appear more powerful in this map than they were in reality . 
  actually at this time northern navarre should be part of spain ( well castile really ) not france . 
  charles v abandoned it during the italian wars . 
  until comrade corbyn rises in october . 
  strong in the stable , lads . 
  it is the political system which is dumb . 
  if trump had run for any other party but the republicans , all while exhibiting the same knowledge , policies and attitude , he would never have been elected . 
   imagine if everyone went `` i do n't want to be forced to pay for public transportation either because i do n't use it '' and so on ... 
  imagine if an american said , `` i do n't want to be forced to pay for the military . '', 
  it 's not about britain . 
  it 's about farage and all the other retards creaming themselves about le pen , wilders , etc being elected and their hated eu disappearing . 
  we all * pray, 
  [ and the dick of god ] ( http://4www.ecestaticos.com/imagestatic/clipping/435/ad4/435ad46bf0e32d262ed5fc09749f022c/hyatt-tendra-que-pujar-con-otras-cadenas-para-tener-su-hotel-en-la-torre-agbar.jpg?mtime=1460325384 ), 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-britain-eu-bill-iduskbn17z0gz http://www.aljazeera.com/blogs/europe/2016/06/greece-demands-return-elgin-marbles-uk-160607050833707.html, 
  i 'm more surprised by the number of people who do n't know that it is a church today . 
  that 's one way to pay for brexit . 
  she is trump in a skirt . 
  the unemployment in the south of spain will go down as soon as the black hole gobbling up all trade in the area that is gibraltar disappears . 
  what country ? 
  what kind of monster are you who actually expects the uk to abide by their word ?
