  1981 - the murder of the marquises of urquijo . 
  also unsolved but with only a slightly less obvious solution . 
  1990 - the puerto hurraco massacre . 
  two brothers flipped crazy in a village after a 30 year-old rivalry with another family and shot 10 + people . 
  1993 - the kidnapping and murder of anabel segura . 
  two losers kidnapped a rich girl ( her father was friends with the president ) and still tried to get a ransom after killing her . 
  the whole country was gripped . 
  1999 - the murder of roc\u00edo wanninkhof . 
  half-dutch girl murdered in costa del sol , her mother blamed her lesbian ex-lover , and a jury was happy to convict her purely because she was a bitch butch lesbian . 
  turns out she was really murdered by a british serial killer brought courtesy of an uk policy to clean gaols . 
  2003 - murder of sandra palo . 
  a 22 yo mentally handicapped woman ( about 9 mentally ) who was raped and brutally murdered by 4 teenagers aged 14-18 who had been committing crimes since they wore diapers . 
  caused a great discussion about how to punish criminal minors and if the brand new law regulating that was just a slap on the wrist . 
  2009 - the murder of marta del castillo . 
  her ex-boyfriend confessed and was convicted based on that and the fact that they found her blood in his jacket . 
  there is no body , he told nine different versions of the crime but he wo n't just tell what happened to the body . 
  there is a theory that he simply does n't know because it was disposed of by his brother/sister-in-law/both ( who never stood trial ) and he is protecting them . 
  vlado taneski . 
  but was n't it 4-5 women instead of 2 ? 
  since the phoenician era , the strait has not been a frontier but a waterway . 
  and out of those 3000 years , the actual frontier has been more times in africa than in europe . 
  gibraltar strait ( tarifa ) and the canary islands . 
  the middle ages . 
  the only ones are old women in their 80s and 90s living in mountain villages in the north , so i ca n't get mad at them . 
  the ones in the coast are n't citizens . 
  what about 1453 to 1495 or so . 
  except for the right [ 1 ] , which will mention the ussr , stalin , twenty million dead people , carrillo and paracuellos . 
  always in that order . 
  [ 1 ] catalan and basque nationalist right exempted . 
  wyoming is being * prosecuted * . 
  he has not been * convicted * . 
  although the fact that the denounce has not been dismissed out of hand is enough of a shame . 
   making fun of a religious person has a penalty of 8 - 12 months in prison . 
  `` making fun '' is not what the law says :  1 . 
  ** ...  escarnio . 
  * skernjan . 
  a , o en , escarnio . 
  advs . 
  `` escarnio '' is not simply making fun . 
  it must have the clear intention of provoking outrage and conflict . 
  this is not making fun ( which falls under right of parody and free speech ) , but hate speech . 
  and even then , it specificies it as targeting religious rites and beliefs , not people . 
  what says about people is ** vejar p\u00fablicamente ** :  vejar . 
  vex\u0101re . 
  as you can see , this is persecuting people because of their religious beliefs , which is a breach of human rights , not simply making fun of people who happen to be religious ( even because they are religious ) . 
  if that were the case * el jueves * would n't have a long-running comic strip about masturbating priests , for example . 
  it 's a goddam shame that the zealots of the `` catholic lawyers association '' routinely abuse the law to denounce people for political reasons like krahe , maestre , wyoming etc , especially because of the waste of time , money and effort of the courts until these matters are thrown . 
  but they are still thrown . 
  edit : coming to think about , i can not remember the last time someone was actually convicted of this . 
  there are so many , really . 
  it 's a shame hollywood only cares about rehashing their beloved columbus , torquemada and hemingway again . 
   by the way , any link to that `` castilian is a catalan dialect '' ? 
  i 've seen many times , even now , the opposite being said , but not this . 
  the opposite is still said by francoists [ 1 ] , so it is pretty easy to imagine that this started as someone satyrising that on the internet . 
  i saw it on a msn chain mail years ago and i do n't know how to google it ( with the other i would type `` des puig '' or something like that ) . 
  basically , it consisted of typical r/badlinguistics stuff comparing randomly chosen words as evidence that one language is derived from the other , then it ended with some supposed medieval chronicle from a count ? 
  king ? 
  talking about `` the people of castile , who speak the same language as us '' . 
  that was it . 
  [ 1 ] i have a school book from the 1950s somewhere . 
  it says that galician , catalan , etc are all dialects of spanish . 
  not basque , of course , because that would be stupid . 
  it says that basque is far too primitive to be used in modern life , and that despite its folkloric appeal it should be let to die because it is inevitable that it does it anyway . 
   now they clame cervantes was a catalan , the original quixote was written in catalan , leonardo de vinci was either catalan or son of catalans ... 
  it 's gratifying to see a catalan nationalist not engaging in this baloney . 
  i 've seen also `` vespucci was a catalan '' and my favorite , `` castilian is a catalan dialect '' . 
  part of what makes the 11-m conspiracy theories so infuriating is that they do n't work like typical conspiracy theories . 
  the backbone of conspiracy theories is that people * in power * want to fool us and will do all kinds of nasty stuff to keep power . 
  it 's an instictual defense mechanism of the people , so to speak ; it might ( will ) devolve into stupid lunacy later , but in the beginning it 's a sane skeptic approach , an advice to not take everything we are told for granted , to question it and contrast versions before deciding what is really the truth . 
  sometimes it 's harmless like the moon landing conspiracy theories , sometimes it 's utterly disgusting like the sandy hook conspiracy theories , but that chore is there . 
  `` ca n't trust big people in guvment , so if they say this happend , tis because big people in guvment dun it '' . 
  with 11-m it is the complete opposite . 
  instead you have high ranking politicians and their paid journalists fueling conspiracy theories since the day after the election , involving everything and everyone * except * those who actually did it , their stated reason , and the people who were in charge at the time and fucked up the response because they were too cowardly to defend their own preceding actions that served for pretext to the attack , and they feared that these bit them in the arse and made them lost the election ( instead , it was * that * bungled response which made much more people indignant and made them rush to the polls to vote against them , ironically ) . 
  11-m conspiracy theories are basically just an artificial masquerade , crafted to exim the aznar government from their willing decision to pawn our country and our people to the bush administration , in exchange for a shot at writing aznar 's name in the annals of world history . 
  they 've even gone to the lengths of harassing police officers who investigated the case and victims families just for having the gall of dying in a terrorist attack , all while hailing themselves as the party of policemen and terror victims . 
  a dominican barmaid in the university was convinced that i was mexican . 
  this was in madrid . 
  this is why i roll my eyes so hard when foreign authors mention all-powerful spanish mafiosos and crime families ( op-center , the swat movie , the wheelman ... ) . 
  like the system would allow that kind of * competition . 
  * `` actual '' organized crime is either imported ( chinese , russians , albanians , bulgarians , east-european gypsies ) and/or extremely localized and reduced in scope ( galician drug `` lords '' , gypsy clans , club owners dealing drugs and prostitution in beach areas ) . 
  i was sleeping . 
  then i began dreaming that my sisters were one at the head of the bed , and another at the feet , and that they were pulling and shaking the bed . 
  then i woke up , and i saw that the bed was indeed moving , but nobody was moving it . 
  then it stopped , and i stood there sitting on top of the bed without understanding what had happened . 
  all of this apparently only lasted a couple of seconds , but it felt much , much longer . 
  i did n't even think it could be an earthquake until my father called and asked if i had noticed it . 
  it 's worse when they write it cajones because cajones means drawers . 
  `` tengo muchos cajones '' -  ok , go back to retail and sell some, 
  so , we have two levels of regional autonomy . 
  actual autonomous regions ( * comunidades aut\u00f3nomas * ) and provinces ( * diputaciones * ) which are just redundant , outdated remnants from a time when * comunidades * did n't exist and a cesspool of corruption . 
  obviously i think the second should be abolished and their remaining capacity transferred to the former . 
  * referencing 18th century history as if it was ancient history or the beginning of time . 
  * treating so called `` founding fathers '' and particularly washington as if they were demigods who could not possibly do wrong . 
  * teenagers driving cars and losing their virginity in them . 
  * the fact that every single family appears to be broken or monoparental ( and those who are not have one of their members in their third marriage ) * mothers dying in childbirth being treated as an entirely normal thing and not weird as fuck . 
  * the idea that a nuclear family can go bankrupt if the kid is hit by a car while playing . 
  * underage girls getting their ears pierced being treated as a scandal akin to boys getting a tattoo ( girls do n't seem to get tattoos unless they are already strippers ) * non-jews quoting the old testament by heart * bibles in prison cells and motel rooms * everyone has a gun but you ca n't use it when an intruder breaks in your home because your wife does n't want it in the house with the children , so you have in the car where it is useless . 
  luckily everyone has a baseball bat under the bed , though * nobody locks their door or car , nor bars their windows or pulls them down at night , though * it is in fact , perfectly , and absolutely normal to walk into a complete stranger 's home until you reach the kitchen simply by asking `` hello ? 
  anybody home ? '', 
  once in a while * yet it is also perfectly normal and not absolutely lunatic to come out of your house with a loaded shotgun and yelling passerbys to get off your lawn/property * and what 's up with family shows ?
