  ( what 's english for una chapuza para salir del paso hasta que se cae pro su propio peso ? ), 
  fun fact : eta was going to be called ata in the beginning , but it was changed to eta because ata means duck in basque and they thought nobody was going to take them seriously . 
  but they still live in a non-caliph world and there are ~ ~ american ~ ~ infidel troops in the country of the prophet . 
  the poor little wee ones . 
  and that owes nothing to eta . 
  yeah , guy 's barking up the wrong tree here . 
  eta never asked for a referendum you dipshit . 
  the uk who did n't give autonomy to northern ireland until about 2000 and suspended it the minute a bin bomb got off . 
  funny , the basques of the 16th century were an over-priviledged bunch who had their own parliament , a literal 100 % nobility rate and were exempted from taxes and the draft . 
  it sounds kinda italian-ish . 
  was that used in the islands ? 
  i 've thought about updating the map and i have found that it was called `` spyrokolon '' in northern greece at one point ( no idea about meaning ) . 
  your guest is correct . 
  the portuguese are to blame for india , china ( macau is near canton ) and japan . 
  exactly . 
  he landed at the azores , then was taken to lisbon `` under protective custody '' by the portuguese . 
  he was released only after telling them about everything he had found . 
  one of the pinz\u00f3n brothers that led another of columbus 's ships landed in galicia and died there shortly after . 
  some have later blamed this death on syphilis but it probably was n't it because the symptons do n't match . 
  the third ship got stuck in a sandbank and was scuttled to build fort navidad . 
  some people were left there but when columbus returned the fort had been destroyed by the indians . 
  unrelated but it makes me think of bjorn kurten using the old german word `` schelk '' for the megaloceros in dance of the tiger ( it probably meant moose/elk in the original language ) . 
  was deer the generic word for animal back then ? 
  * [ how greeks actually see giraffes ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-xlevuc5lyba/tfomssdundi/aaaaaaaabrm/pzakxmukqkm/s400/camelopard.jpg ) *, 
  fun fact : it was azorafa in medieval spanish , but in the renaissance the ~ ~ snobs ~ ~ upper classes changed it to the italian word , which turns out , was actually a less accurate version of the arabic one ( zurafa ) . 
  leopard = lion + pard ( = panther ) greeks believed that leopards and panthers were different animals and that leopards were lion + panther hybrids . 
  probably there was some confusion with cheetahs , or about differences between asian and african leopards ( which i think are bigger ? 
  the bear has seen some shit too : http://media.gettyimages.com/photos/at-the-kabul-zoo-in-afghanistan-the-only-bear-remaining-has-an-open-picture-id569101083, 
  most foreigners think of the inquisition as something bigger than it was . 
  it was only anti-jewish in propaganda and not at all in practice . 
  of course , things would have been different if the nazis had occupied spain or won the war , in which case franco would have jumped to do anything they wanted . 
  most of those jews in modern spain came from morocco in the 1950s-1960s by the way . 
  jews used portugal as a escape route to the americas , but did n't settle in portugal itself . 
  why do these cultist care so much about kiddie groins anyway . 
  they do n't care as much when they rape them . 
  but cbs says that palms and cactus grow in pamplona . 
  i did n't expect it but i 'm somehow not surprised that golden dawn is bigger in sparta . 
  i know one that went by speaking only spanish , some french and romanian . 
  of all the sentences you could use to excuse yourself , this must deserve an award . 
  i am surprised that nobody tried to spin this into the formation of an erdogan youth or revived janissaries . 
  i think portugal was always closer to a non-iberian 's idea of spain than spain . 
  is suicide bombing a common pkk tactic ? 
  ... a film by pedro almod\u00f3var . 
  edit : / s. 
   tell people to eat bullets poor choice of words . 
  i can see cospedal actually following that advice . 
  even if you agree with rufi\u00e1n , you have to admit that he talks like a thug who is always sparing the life of his interlocutor . 
  it 's like he wants to live up to his name . 
  waking up to [ this ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/clvos3kusaa23h-.jpg ), 
  how can human come from monkey when president become more monkey every day ? 
  that spain developed under franco is nothing but an enduring myth . 
  spain fell in every rank and did n't start to grow until the 1960s ( which was n't even growth per se but a return to 1920s tendency and levels , at least in the beginning ) . 
  by the 1960s , franco was running the show in name only , at least in economic matters . 
  his economic project for spain , if you can call that , was n't the technocracy of the 1960s but the autarky of the 1940s . 
  that ( military inspired ) autarky crashed and burned like the failure that it was by the early 50s , forcing him to hand over control of the economy to the opus dei technocrats . 
  it speaks volumes to franco 's incompetence that a literal cult was better at running the country than he was . 
  they precede it with the words `` fake news '' , so you know what you are buying . 
  do you know that scene in a bug 's life , when francis says that just because he is a ladybug it does n't mean he is a girl ? 
  yeah , it is a bit weird in spanish . 
  well there is no bigger joke than surstromming ... 
  pot calling the kettle black . 
  troops were at risk of being ... incirklid . 
  bad luck ibrahim . 
  that chain is owned by rupert murdoch . 
  what problems of 1884 ? 
  troubles 2.0 now with more color range . 
  they will continue to blame the eu after they are out . 
  `` la hire wants to keel sometheeng ! '', 
  when will people understand that there is no such thing as `` hard brexit '' and `` soft brexit '' ? 
  the options are brexit and not brexit , period . 
  `` soft brexit '' is the same old fantasy that the uk can be in the eu when it wants to , and out when it wants to too . 
  the best thing is to find denmark had a twin brother . 
  cyprus was isolated enough to develop its own insular fauna with dwarf hippos and elephants . 
  in addition , she grew a three-pointed glowing tumor on her head . 
  all the republic needed was to stop being sabotaged by britain and france . 
  it is supposed to be a map of things that trigger countries , but i 'm telling you , nobody in spain is triggered by a catalan flag . 
  a spanish flag in catalonia , on the other hand ... 
   that 's thanks to the cantabrian mountains , that act like a barrier holding everything that comes from the north . 
  you can see where these mountains are located just by looking at the temperatures on the map . 
    sadly it also holds the rain :( ehhh you might be looking at this the wrong way . 
  the mountains are n't keeping the coast cold , they are keeping the interior warm ... 
  read below . 
  my point is that it is rich , very rich , from psoe supporters ( if that 's who they really are ) to * still * try to put the blame on podemos not backing an already set psoe-c 's government with no imput from podemos , when : - the entire point of the psoe-c 's alliance was to isolate podemos , exclude it from any power and make them not back it as a result , as admitted by rivera himself when the negotiations with podemos failed - the mere suspicion that sanchez would try to negotiate an alternate government with podemos was followed by gonzalez ordering a party revolt on the radio , the instant replacement of sanchez with a caretaking board against the wishes of psoe 's voting base , the forced resignation of sanchez as a mp , the abstention of the caretaking board to allow the reelection of rajoy , and the unashamed shilling of susana diaz by psoe 's old guard to make her elected as new party leader instead of sanchez ( unsuccessfully ) . 
  the facts speak for themselves . 
  rajoy and pp are openly corrupt , c 's is sustaining them in government and podemos is the one acting as opposition . 
  neither psoe nor sanchez outside of the odd twit are seen or expected to show up . 
  and this is supposed to be a shame on podemos ? 
  you are aware that sanchez watched this debate from home ? 
  `` saxe-coburg-gotha , i suppose . '', 
  maybe william the silent should have ... spoken up . 
  labels . 
  labels everywhere . 
  get no deal , say that the eu wo n't let you go , cancel article 50 and pretend that nothing happened . 
  jeez why are british political cartoons so hideous ? 
  i can not fathom the idea of watching this while having my breakfast in the morning . 
  theresa maytrioska, 
   dis i say that kurdistan was catalan governament reference ? 
  ...  the date anouncment had more to fo with kurdistan ...  the day later , iraqui kurdistan presented its referendum ( one week before catalonia 's and after our diada ) , after a long visit to catalonia on which they had meeting with catalan governament , and thw day after kurdish anouncment catalan governament does its . 
  it 's your words . 
  you told me the catalan government is taking cues from kurdistan .
