  often pointing to how catalan and basque nationalists get 3 times more seats with half the votes they get . 
  the south will rise again !, 
  cause there are also some werewolves amirite ? 
  rather than `` best '' , i think spaniards only aim to be adknowledged as `` not worse than average '' . 
  lmao , rajoy making a decision . 
  now that 's a good joke !, 
  what a bullshit title . 
  i bet even pp voters in catalonia want rajoy out . 
   i really do n't think catalonia has won its arguments with european opinion yet and declaring unilateral independence before that is massive folly . 
  they wo n't do that because then the whole circus ends . 
  does n't iceland use traditional patronymic only ? 
  what use is to pick a name that is not descriptive, 
  i thought of alfred first . 
  you use the iron to take the flour . 
  to make for it you must google the most common occupational surname in wales and share it . 
  i do n't think it takes a phd to figure how ferrarius could end becoming ferrari . 
  even worse , before modern spanish naming customs ( father 's surname first , mother 's surname second ) started to be used in church records from around 1500 people simply used any surname from any part in their family tree , paternal or maternal , that they liked best . 
  so you had full brothers with different surnames ( ex . 
  [ juan pacheco ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/juan_pacheco ) and [ pedro gir\u00f3n ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pedro_gir%c3%b3n,_1st_lord_of_osuna ) ), 
  we really love patronymics . 
  there are even surnames that do n't look patronymic but are in reality , like flores , that apparently does not come from flowers but from froylez aka son of froyla/fruela ( a gothic name ) . 
  not really . 
  all sorts of people used toponymics when they moved to a new town . 
  the surnames with the biggest shot of being jewish in origin are the hyper-religious sounding ones like santos , santamar\u00eda , de jesus , iglesias , fraile , etc. 
  forced conversos adopted these names to throw off suspicion ( i.e. 
  `` how can you doubt i 'm a true and honest christian when i got christ on my family name ??? 
  `` the cobbler 's children have no shoes ... '', 
  because it likely comes from one of those medieval dialects that could not understand each other , not modern italian . 
  blacksmith in latin is ferrarius , for instance . 
   have  50 % of parliament seats with only ~ 45 % of voters . 
  best case scenario , because it gets mas reelected ( his real aim ) while allowing him to continue waving the `` am want to , but can not into '' card . 
  so everything stays the same , and 4 years on he runs again on promise of independence ( and promise of independence only ) while nobody pays attention to his policies and its effects . 
  itt : people who do n't know the meaning of `` occupational '' . 
  mexican, 
   and an identity crisis since the xviii century . 
  what identity crisis was there in the 18th century ? 
   not an expert but what more can do spain for the plurality of the country ? 
  bow to every whim and let them not pay taxes , in no particular order . 
  who cares , they 'll boot him out in a couple of months like every other coach . 
  can you explain why you could expect the opposite ? 
  why do you think they go to europe and not saudi arabia ? 
  yep , yesterday i would n't call mas a retard . 
  after waking up today to the news that he had recognized that there was bribery , but `` for patriotic reasons '' , and that in a later interview intended to explain his words in the previous interview , he said that he has no idea who or how is the money handled in the party that he leads ... 
  i have to retire that statement . 
  let 's just say mas is not a retard . 
  how many months before this kleptocrat retard is out of a job ? 
  greece , italy and macedonia ? 
  and nothing of value was lost . 
  the comparison made me imagine cattle being interned in fenced camps where they are killed or worked to death and then their bodies are turned into resources to be consumed by humans , just because they were born cattle . 
  what the fuck are you even trying to say ? 
  spanish left - agree on the big picture , disagree on petty irrelevant shit = atomized and self massacred spanish right - agree only on wanting more money for themselves = work together smoothly, 
  a day to meet friends but no day to meet women . 
  that explains something . 
  and you know that because ... 
  thank you . 
  i can read most romance languages even if i do n't speak them so there is no need . 
  edit : a-lu-ci-nan-te, 
  take polls with a grain of salt . 
  specially the ones that come from abc/el mundo/la raz\u00f3n . 
  ( i found really funny that the latest poll by la raz\u00f3n gave pp 30 seats more than the latest poll by * pp itself * , in particular ) . 
  spain is in shit right now . 
  next time someone dares question romania 's identity as a latin brother , i 'll show them your post . 
  it would cost an absurd ammount of money . 
  they count on the cost to make people stay quiet . 
  they will take my eyes but they wo n't take my money !!!, 
  ( except the pujols . 
  they are practically family . 
  and andorra is right here anyway ), 
  1920s spain 's economy was good !, 
  they do n't forget about criminals . 
  they make laws to protect them . 
  you have n't been near a bull in your life . 
  i 'll get this argument when i see a bull signing a contract . 
  yes , they go for the suffering . 
  people have offered to change the hooks and swords for velcro and purist have been deadset against because muh tradition . 
  tradition my ass . 
  they only put armor on the horses in the 1920s . 
  there have been so many changes to bullfighting over the centuries , watching one in the 1600s would be a completely alien experience . 
  false . 
  bullfighting is not a contest . 
  the vast majority of bulls that kill a matador in the arena are simply killed offstage . 
  that 's because bullfighting , in its origin and today , is nothing but livestock slaughter . 
  and there is plenty of wrong with that . 
  for starters , making the agony of the animal last hours and turn it into a spectacle . 
  the pig that gets an electrode up his ass might not get an epic , brave death or whatever bullshit bullfighting apologists make up , but it gets a quick one . 
  what an amazing idea . 
  i do n't think this topic has been explored in this sub before . 
  it ca n't be stressed enough . 
  drinking until you lost track of your own ass , entering a church naked except for a mexican hat and jumping to your death from the hotel balcony ? 
  that 's not a good plan for the day anywhere . 
  i should add also : knowing that orwell wrote a book called homage to catalonia does n't make you a person informed on the spanish civil war or current spanish politics . 
  and do n't keep bullfighting alive with your euros only to come out of the place spilling your guts out and complaining that the poor animal did n't have a chance . 
  it is a form of ritualized slaughter , not some kind of dancing contest between man and animal . 
  those bulls are expected at the butcher shop tomorrow morning . 
  i heard fans of the last of us appreciate it . 
  this actually sounds menacing in a german accent . 
  things that you would n't do at home . 
  i skimmed over the `` high-larious !! 1 !!! '', 
  report by the nyc guy . 
  he 's a pretentious douche the likes you do n't see often .
