  * same fucking policies , conveniently hidden behind flag waving . 
  it 's amazing how someone can keep starting the same thing for 5 years , and have no plans beyond but to keep `` starting '' . 
  1 ) cup says one thing one day and the opposite next day 2 ) everything cup does is subjected to what they understand is `` standing up to the man ( tm ) '' that very minute 1 +2 = cup is tumblr with 10 seats in parliament the only electoral promise cup has not broken yet is not voting for mas to preside catalonia , and in time they will . 
   should n't all the pms of ca de catalunya be arrested then ? 
  for voting ? 
  when half of them voted against ? 
  qart hadash by the carthaginians , carthago nova by the romans . 
  `` they '' , portugal ? 
  why sorry ? 
  i hate sand . 
  it 's coarse and rough , and it gets everywhere . 
   comperably the spanish fence is more like the iron curtain ( without the explosives ) , while the hungarian fence is of a simple industrial grade fence with extra barded wire on top and next to it . 
  1 ) the spanish fence has border checkpoints and passes just like hungary 's . 
  2 ) the two fences are identical in nearly every regard ( unsurprising given that the hungarian fence was built by the spanish company that built the spanish fence ), 
   so it turns out i guessed right , but this is an obscure small roman catholic splinter in syria . 
  going by your link , you got that backwards . 
  they are actually an eastern orthodox splinter that accepted the roman pope as their boss in the 18th century . 
  oh stereotypes . 
  you make the world so dark and confusing . 
  he was fond of dangerous hats . 
  [ the spanish flag was chosen by charles iii because it was the option that looked best while at sea . 
  ] ( http://www.crwflags.com/fotw/flags/es!1785.html ) before that , spain had been using one of those stupid lily white bourbon flags with a coat of arms in the middle that was impossible to distinguish from others unless you were right next to it . 
  this was a major pain in the ass because france and naples used similar designs . 
  there is speculation that it was also chosen because it resembled the bars of aragon . 
  charles iii had been king of naples before he was king of spain and naples had been an aragonese dependency for a long time . 
  this would also explain why the design only had the arms of castile in it , because the rest of the flag stood for the arms of aragon . 
  when the republic was proclaimed in 1931 , a new coat of arms was adopted that had the arms of castile , aragon , navarre and granada . 
  the second red stripe was changed to a purple one in order to include a color that represented castile , while the others were understood to stand for navarre and aragon . 
  ironically , this choice was based on a castilian standard from the comuneros revolt , which was later found to have turned purple over the centuries , and that it was actually dark red when it was made . 
  was n't it because genoans ferried english to the holy land and english wrongly assumed that the flag on those ships was their flag ? 
  catalan is an official language in spain . 
   i was recently told saint james was tired of the spanish people that 's the most believable part of st james ' story . 
  it does n't need to be decided by the results in one region ( even ohio does n't do that ) . 
  just to always agree with the result as a whole , unlike others . 
  it does n't justify it . 
  it * explains * it , which is different . 
  people tortured are n't happy . 
  news at 11 . 
  ... why must it always be something sexual ? 
  the party that wins aragon in the general election is the party that wins the general election . 
  yes , in the tables given to moses . 
  or so they say in texas . 
  `` kurt '' . 
  hmmm . 
  mkay . 
  what state police ? 
  just in time to make cup rettact and back mas ' investiture as president so the circus can continue . 
  and people think rajoy and mas are enemies , lmao, 
   a ) you see that guy has a uk flair , do n't you ? 
  and ? 
  many advocates of independence in this sub are foreigners who ca n't spell catalonia but are all for independence because they see it as sticking it with the little guy or have an atavic fear of philip ii 's ghost coming to invade them . 
   b ) he is not saying what you say he says . 
  he is using this as an absurd counterexample to not letting catalan vote on our fate and relay only in history . 
  an idiotic , offensive couterexample that is part of a message betraying absolute ignorance of the matter at hand . 
  people who went there for a summer course told me once that there is a `` latin day '' when youths in britain and ireland go around looking for spaniards , portuguese and italians and beating them up . 
  they told me in particular of an italian student that had to get an eyebrow stitched . 
  this was about 15 years ago . 
  `` i got your back austria !, 
  now help me fight in the crimean war ! '', 
  `` lel no '', 
  i think it was more a matter of easy vandalism than being offended . 
  was n't the rest of the exposition indoors ? 
  you have learned nothing from the macedonians . 
  first you build a statue to someone , then you lay claim to all the land he ruled . 
  you would have restored byzantium by now , had you not been so short-sighted . 
  sad !, 
   i think maybe you mean a castilian spain . 
  and he 'd be wrong . 
  so why do n't you baptize right after conception . 
  why is the snp doing labour 's job , again ? 
   we decided to go forward as a britain with global horizons , a britain which is more internationalist , free trading , and i really look forward to an exciting future now [ if you want to hear a similarly empty , meaningless collection of feel-good bullshit , click here . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyaj8er9tzw ), 
  this makes no sense unless they pair the pound 's value to the euro , and that would be surreal . 
  they attack the poles . 
  why ? 
  because they took eir jerb . 
  you confused the monitor with the mirror where you tell yourself that . 
  but i thought you were leaving the eu because you want your frontiers with the eu back . 
  and now you say that putting up a border where britain meets other country deserves a retaliation . 
  you just confirmed that gibraltar is not part of britain , so good on ya . 
  a dictator funded , installed and protected by british money and diplomacy . 
  the monkeys are too obese and dying of diabetes to be a threat . 
  the people chose to remain a colony because being a colony is profitable to them . 
   i mean , sicily and naples also had a viceroy when they were under the spanish king . 
  does that prove that they were not autonomous ? 
  yes ? 
  each had a viceroy appointed by the king of spain that only answered to the king of spain . 
  the other smokescreen and it 's only been 24 hours . 
  what to expect tomorrow ? 
  venezuela ? 
  yes , it got to be something about venezuela . 
  i do n't think so . 
  however there was a [ publicized case ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lykov_family ) in 1978 of a family of [ old believers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_believers ) that was discovered living in isolation in siberia since 1936 . 
  they were not aware that ww2 had happened and only had some vague knowledge of stalin . 
  i wonder if those white pockets in the arctic fought at all or did n't even know that there was a war going on . 
  i think the other allies ( well , the us really ) reinded them in because they did n't want them to become too powerful . 
  but uk has not left the eu . 
  [ spanish constitutional court denies to have voted to overturn bullfighting ban in catalonia ] ( http://www.elplural.com/2016/10/05/el-constitucional-niega-elpluralcom-que-hayan-votado-para-anular-la-prohibicion-de-los ) well look at that . 
  we got all belly-up over nothing . 
  i know what you meant and you are wrong to think that .
