  and then we have the traditional nationalist right parties pnv and ciu , which is nothing but the local industrial elite playing the populist card , and enforcing a siege mentality against the central government as a cover of their own policies . 
  what is catalan for arab ? 
  why do lepe people always turn back on the road out ? 
  because there is a sign that says `` huelva '' . 
  * lepe is a small town in huelva province * people from lepe are the stereotypical idiots in jokes * huelva sounds like `` go back '' in an andalusian accent, 
  and the world will pay for it . 
  nobody who remembers bush jr is surprised . 
  i for one am tired of seeing my country being represented as violent in american , and to a lesser extent , british media . 
  and i can count a bazillion more suave , cool spanish gentleman thiefs/gangsters/hitmen / criminal masterminds than i can find in the whole of history , nevermind spanish criminals who acted outside spain and had their beefs solely with foreigners . 
  it 's like they think that because we are hispanic we must be criminality ridden , but because we are european we are also nice , clean and artisty . 
  unless the writer is even more of an ignorant bigot ( e.g. 
  dan brown ) . 
  we actually have one of the lowest criminality rates , both in europe and the world . 
  and i 'm also very over the idea that spanish men are somehow constantly worried about their manliness and doing all sort of things all the time to show the world how maaaaanly they are . 
  from what i can tell this mostly comes from the works of ernest hemingway , who had that personal need himself and was obviously projecting his desires on other people , places and activities . 
  related to that , i 've also seen claims that we are prone to feeling guilt and shame , and obsessed with defending one 's reputation and personal honor , with force if necessary . 
  apparently the obsession about honor was a real thing ... in the 1600s . 
  nowadays , we even have a proverb that compels us to not think about how other people think ( `` let me be warm and let people think '' ) . 
  the bourbons made us a nation of cucks . 
  you wo n't get pursued with torches and pickfords . 
  by the way , a blonde friend of mine spent the better part of last year with a lock colored green and nobody batted an eye . 
  we have a [ city ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ll%c3%advia ) of 1,536 that is completely surrounded by france and a [ town ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/madrid ) of over three million . 
  negro is black , not nigger . 
  but the people who dub movies are at such a loss , they use negro as translation for everything . 
  the result is that our youngest generation now ~ ~ thing ~ ~ think that calling black people black is racist . 
  but there are many others . 
  i ca n't reccomend watching boardwalk empire in anything but english . 
  there are like 4 different slurs for every ethnic group in that show . 
  finnish . 
  basque might be less related but it sounds like spanish . 
  like a spaniard talking gibberish if you want . 
  finnish ? 
  there are so many repeated vocals you could swear they are anthropomorphic owl aliens disguised as people . 
  the n-word . 
  and all that rich bounty of ethnic slurs , in general . 
  that in a paralel universe , republicans are marching on washington and texas is the one talking big and doing nothing . 
  they are slurs . 
  in what sense ? 
  they should n't exist . 
  you know that bay in north africa , between tunisia and cyrenaica ? 
  that 's where italy used to be in the mesozoic . 
  as you can see in the link , that was in parliament and it is just aznar 's words repeated . 
  this is important . 
  do n't take me wrong , rajoy is a piece of shit and pp is a criminal organization whose membership is only motivated to line their own pockets . 
  there is one rule , however . 
  that rule is that , outwardly , you never speak against the leader and the choices he makes . 
  rajoy is also a very submissive , uncharismatic person who is disinclined to speak his mind even in a private context . 
  that aspect of him was even worse before he became president . 
  in 2003/2004 he was widely seen as aznar 's sockpuppet and he himself made no attempt to be seen as anything else . 
  so he went with it and said nothing to aznar about the war , unlike rato for example . 
  but he did n't take the focus to push for war like aznar did , either . 
  but when the votes were being counted and it looked like psoe had clearly won , rajoy had a very un-rajoy moment whence he lashed out to aznar for what must have been the first time in his life , and shouted ( yes , * rajoy shouted * ) : `` you and your war ! '' . 
  the implication of this is clear . 
  in rajoy 's mind the war was aznar 's project and it had cost rajoy the election . 
  this action was n't a precooked , calculated speech in parliament , but an emotional outburst . 
  as such , it is a far more genuine insight into what really was in rajoy 's mind at the time . 
  the war , the atlanticism , the a\u00e7ores photoshoot and other actions , were all moves to feed aznar 's superiority-inferiority complex and make sure his name was stamped in world history . 
  same goes for his previous attempt to mediate peace in israel/palestine , for instance , which is completely forgotten today . 
  rajoy is a very different person from aznar in that regard . 
  i ca n't see him doing things like taking a stand against france and germany , touring latin america to convince its leaders to back washington , speaking before the un assembly or soliciting interviews with the media to campaign for the war himself ( a most bizarre thought when speaking of plasma-man , the guy afraid of microphones ) . 
  read on rajoy 's thoughts about the irak war around 2004 . 
  there is no way this happens . 
   4 ) responding to iranian provocation on the sea with deadly force . 
  i can only laugh at how you worded this sentence . 
  disagree , i think our cops would destroy the zombies before they even realized they were zombies . 
  i 'm going to go out on a limb and say that there are n't wild turkeys anywhere in europe . 
  the turkey that we introduced was the domestic turkey from central mexico which would not be able to survive in the wild any more than the domestic chicken . 
  not the wild turkey that lives mostly in the eastern half of the united states . 
  most animals introduced in europe for hunting purposes are mammals from either europe itself or its vicinity . 
  there are plenty of game birds in the continent so there was no need to bring more , excluding the pheasant which was useful because it 's a grassland bird so it could be released in deforested areas , and it was already introduced centuries before the discovery of the americas . 
  is it true that movie high schools are largely based on los angeles high schools ? 
  there are also processed turkey sausages for people who want to eat sausage but not pork . 
  but just like the sandwich slices , it 's a modern supermarket thing , not something people eat commonly or traditionally . 
  `` spain is not different . 
  do n't be an ass . '', 
  i lived in vallecas for 2 years . 
  it 's not pretty but it does n't deserve its reputation , which must be a hangover from another time ( 70s ? 
  i would rate villaverde and laguna ( specially ) as worse hoods in madrid . 
  ca\u00f1ada real goes without discussion , given that it is n't a hood at all . 
  at national level , las 3000 is simply unreachable . 
  i heard once of rome being called `` the great parasite '' . 
  is that a common sentiment among italians ? 
  when entering someones home , never take off your shoes . 
  and when you are in your own home and receiving visits , either keep your shoes on or put on slippers in another room , out of sight . 
  my life is a lie, 
   crime rate : has always been very low , spain is generally a safe country . 
  they might mug your wallet in the metro without you noticing , but that 's about it . 
  mugging is theft with violence . 
  you mean pickpocketing . 
  that we care about what the church and the military say . 
  he had the word `` sorry '' written on his foreskin, 
  we had rails of different width to prevent land invasions . 
  1 ) robbed by romanian gypsies . 
  2 ) stay the fuck out of any seemingly poor little deaf children asking for donations . 
  real deaf children do n't need donations . 
  i immediately thought of this tourist woman walking in the ticket office of atocha , wearing a minuscule top of the spanish national football team and a giant mexican hat indoors . 
  [ 1983 remedios amaya ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8pomjuddjpo ) . 
  first and only time we finished last . 
  with * zero * points . 
  they are in uefa , though .
