  checkmate , woman !, 
  [ someone 's been watching cbs ... ] ( http://www.diariovasco.com/20140128/gente/etarras-arabes-nueva-metedura-201401281405.html ), 
  rajoy 's term ends as it began . 
  with a broken promise . 
  good ridance to this country 's worst pm in recent memory . 
  * redondo, 
  if you want greece to do your job you can start paying greece for it . 
  shame if something happened . 
  all is right with the world again . 
  you do n't have a basque glory of a name , all full of k 's , x 's and z 's , for this kind of thing ? 
  in the middle ages , this crisis would have been resolved long ago with a marriage between soraya and iglesias . 
  sanchez would have been the bridesmaid . 
  given that the only area liable of housing this virus year round in the us is south florida and that spain has no comparable environment to it , i rather doubt it . 
  gentle-ebolas , the guardian just came out with its `` what 's hot and what 's not '' issue . 
  are we hot ? 
  we are not . 
  that was cleaner than expected . 
  [ castell\u00f3n airport ] ( https://www.google.es/search?q=aeropuerto+castellon&amp;client=ms-android-huawei&amp;hl=es-es&amp;prmd=mniv&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewihoo-vvlrkahxmvhokhtjccyaq_auicsgd ), 
  he says that so europeans do n't protest when he slaughters protesters . 
  i read this at first as `` former french president sarkozy : we did not fight nazis to force jews to run israel '', 
  and every time they sound stupid , far-fetched and ridiculous . 
  either they are idiots or they think the public is made of them . 
  well , it happened in portugal . 
  none . 
  that moment when you read an username and do n't know if it is a person or the most complex bot ever built . 
  i do n't know . 
  how are laws enforced ? 
  with people that are not mindless drones i suppose ? 
  maybe you think a udi will automatically shoot catalonia into outer space , where evil spanish taxes ca n't get them . 
  psoe/iu coalition in ciudad real after over 20 years of pp . 
  as for the basque country , are we talking of the new golden age of pnv , the ones that brought back bullfighting to san sebastian in a corrida where the distinguished guest was el borbon ... ? 
  not when discussing spanish politics . 
  let 's cut all the bullshit . 
  we all know who calls the spanish government `` madrid '' in this context and why . 
  it 's a deliberate movement by catalan and basque nationalists to portray everything that is not them as one , big , bad block that must be kept away , and pretend they are to be saviors of the catalan/basque people . 
  nothing angers more these dudes than a situation like the current one , where a crowd in madrid can applaud the mayor ( ess ? ), 
  of barcelona and vice versa . 
  you must have noticed that the same people never say the word `` spain '' either , but `` castile '' , `` the plateau '' or their favorite monicker of all , `` the spanish state '' . 
  which was the country 's official name ... during the dictatorship . 
  everything a coincidence , right ? 
  of course not . 
  but it would be on the range of segovia or guadalajara , not valdeconejos del arroyo . 
  well the manipulation here is twofold . 
  puigdemont was not using the quote in the right context either , but to push a political stance that was not what the original author intended either . 
  that 's a myth . 
  it was a well sized town with representation in the castilian cortes and had a distinctive battle banner already in the early 1200s ( a bear ) . 
  washington was built to serve as a political center . 
  madrid was not . 
  use moncloa for that , and even that would be wrong given that pp forming a new government is very much in the air . 
   i 'm sorry , i have more important things to do i admire your bravery to type that right after cup signed to get fucked in the ass . 
   that 's like , you opinion man . 
  cup does not give 2 seats to jxs , two of their mp will vote according to jxs . 
  in as much a ventriloquist dummy makes its own speeches because you can see its lips moving . 
   they can get them back and break the agreement too you know ? 
  after signing the equivalent of the german surrender at versailles , down to the point of accepting it is their fault that there was no agreement earlier , i rather doubt it . 
  three months voting wether to invest mas after , by the way , will you get to vote on this other agreement ? 
  or * ara no toca * ? 
   this is not the time to go speculating about this , it 's kinda a moot point . 
  and * when * it is time ? 
  when dear leader tells us to ? 
   why of course !, 
  i 've never agreed or followed margallo on anything and i 'd rather ask you to not pin anything from his on me . 
   there would n't have been a social shock plan beacause it was probably the n. 1 condition of pact between the cup and jxs . 
  [ you did not read the agreement . 
   it is not . 
  what you 're all forgetting here is that cup gets to impose a huge social shock plan that would n't have happened if there was no pact . 
  come again ? 
  the only way cup could pressure jxs\u00ed to vote anything was by threatening to retire their support and force new elections if they did not . 
  cup just threw their only card down the toilet , rendering any deal void because cup no longer has leverage . 
  it all rests now on jxs\u00ed 's good faith and will to honor their word when everyone knows they have neither . 
   also , it really does n't matter the spectrum of the different parties that get us a new state once we get to vote the new government of that state . 
  all i had to give them was our life savings , the deed to the house and a commitment of 10 trillion years of labor . 
  and when our galactic vehicle is complete , he will take us to our new home : blisstonia . 
  how can cup voters be happy that the party they voted for just gave two representatives to jxsi and signed a document promising to vote `` yes '' whenever jxsi asked them to ? 
  it is ridiculous . 
  * reads news * and why naples ? 
  the voter 's choice after 4 years of one party supermajority was a coalition government . 
  if anyone but mas was proposed . 
  a goat could have been the candidate and cup would have voted yes . 
   why ?? 
  because jxsi just proved that a vote for them was not a vote for independence , but a vote to give another term to mas , every chance they had ? 
  waffle eating surrender lemurs . 
  yep . 
  let 's bear that in mind when we make fun of americans for considering mass shootings a normal part of theirs . 
  [ absent cup representative who could have decided vote was visiting family in andalusia ] ( http://ccaa.elpais.com/ccaa/2015/12/27/catalunya/1451250410_554038.html?rel=ult ) god fucking dammit r/notelmundotoday, 
  enemy of my enemy deal . 
  vietnam fears china and armenia fears turkey . 
  russia is a counterweight to them . 
  you chose religion to serve as base of your identity , basques chose language ( ` course , religion was n't an option there ) . 
  there were communist countries in africa , though quite late in the cold war : benin , r. congo , angola , mozambique and ethiopia . 
  it 's more likely that they considered those `` luxury items '' and did not bother importing them . 
  and it avoids implications that the woman becomes a ward of her husband or is not part of her birth family anymore . 
  been answered bellow but : everybody has 2 surnames . 
  first surname is the first of your father , second surname is the first of your mother . 
  they do n't change name in portugal either though there they put the mother 's paternal surname first and the father 's paternal second , instead . 
  yeah , not many non-irish speak irish either . 
  women do n't change name after they marry . 
  well , every time they are in gov they rise the elderly 's pensions one or two months before the vote . 
  and that 's what many elderly only care about , even if the same party rose their cost of living in the first place . 
  pp could appoint a goat as candidate and it would still bag the same votes .
