  it happened to france , italy and i suppose others . 
  it showed what a hack del bosque is , however . 
  his carencies , stupid tactics and changes were saved again and again by the team 's talent . 
  when that run out , there was nothing he could do about it . 
  him and the federation have lived off aragones ' bold decision all these years . 
  it 's almost infuriating since the second did pretty much everything to boycott him . 
  they 've definitely flown over the cuckoo 's nest . 
  police is arresting people for waving republican flags and confiscating them . 
  the public channel is showing air shots of empty streets with banners claiming `` thousands of people '' attending . 
  the hell did these people get their facts from ? 
  silva an immigrant ? 
  he was born in the canary islands , part of spain as anything else . 
  so was his father . 
  and his mother . 
  his mother has japanese ancestry , but i do n't think it is even full ancestry . 
  i alternatively find mention to silva 's `` japanese grandmother '' and `` great-grandmother '' . 
  his mother 's name is eva . 
  in any case , i though this was about people from a country playing for another , not about someone having ancestors from other place 3 or 4 generations back . 
  should n't brazil be empty in that case ? 
  you know , given that it does n't have amerindian players . 
  oh , well , i suppose they had to include someone . 
  [ too bad spain does n't have a striker that is booed by brazilian crowds because he is brazilian and lived in brazil until he was 17 , right ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diego_costa ), 
  vatican city . 
   blair told reporters during the interview , `` you know , i count the invasion of iraq as one of my greatest triumphs , but i can sort of see why anyone opening a newspaper today might think the time , expense and loss of life involved in that action might not have been worthwhile . ''  `` to the untrained eye it looks like we jumped into a situation we did n't fully understand , and created a vacuum when we left into which extremism would inevitably climb . ''  `` but that 's to the untrained eye , obviously . ''  `` no , i do n't feel guilty -- that 's the joy of being a catholic , i can go into a wooden box and tell an old man in a dress about the decision to invade iraq , and i never have to feel guilty about it ever again . '' son of a bitch . 
  ever since , when i read his name i rearrange it as `` jau mamadas ( blowjobs ) '' in my head . 
  you can have a king owned by corporations . 
   jaume matas : ex-premier of balearic islands , convicted twice for the palma arena case , charged also in the case noos ... counted a brothel 's bill as administrative charges ... 
  womanizing ... 
  1517 never forget . 
  the kingdom ( s ) was castile and le\u00f3n . 
  asturias was le\u00f3n ( as in , the same state , it just came to be known as kingdom of le\u00f3n after the capital was moved to the city of the same name ) and galicia , brief unsuccessful attempts aside , never left the leonese kingdom . 
  castile and le\u00f3n were joined dynastically in 1230 , not by conquest , so in a very loose sense one continued to exist along the other . 
  catalonia was never a kingdom . 
  it was a collection of counties , the greatest among them being barcelona , and the highest treatment it received was of `` principality '' , about 200 years after being dynastically joined to aragon . 
  that 's why it technically does n't have arms in the coa because it is n't a separate kingdom or crownland in itself , but part of another ( aragon ) . 
  of course the point is moot because the royal house of aragon from the union to the trastamaras was catalan and always used the red and gold bars as their symbol which are catalan in origin . 
  imagine washington hearing the us of 2014 has political parties and alliances with european powers , too . 
  that semi-pariah , autarkic , pseudo-communist state , where the previous revolutionary turned dictator is succeeded by his blood relative of choice . 
  sabino was n't an original person . 
  [ this was his first proposal ] ( http://www.crwflags.com/fotw/images/e/es-arana.gif ) . 
  on the other hand , if it was n't for him [ this other 1881 proposal ] ( http://www.crwflags.com/fotw/images/e/es-ba881.gif ) could be today 's ikurri\u00f1a . 
  i actually like the red and gold combination better , but the message is the message . 
  let plataforma win a catalan election , then you 'll have plenty of segregationism in catalonia . 
  no continent is fun without its very own north korea !, 
  oceania , you suck !, 
  you know , if tve wants to sell him they should start re-airing that animal documentary series he sponsored years ago . 
  dig the fact that he shoots animals with cameras rather than rifles . 
  he 's barely on tv and only appears to be praised . 
  that 's why they are n't changing it . 
  the rumor is that elena does n't have a lot of matter between her ears . 
  i rather think felipe will just refrain from getting more children and leave the future to deal with it . 
  he 's really doing what historians say alfonso xiii should have done in 1931 . 
  fotunately there is n't a soviet union anymore , so europe and america wo n't get crazy stupid and force us to go through another 3 years of civil war and 40 years of dictatorship . 
  everyone 's resigning now in spain ... except within the pp . 
  being fired is a form of resignation too . 
  that 's what they say . 
  and yet , even today there was a monarchist on tv saying that this seemed hurried as fuck , regardless of what the official word was saying . 
  what i though . 
  everyone on tv is like `` king 's gone god save new king !! 1 !! 11 !! '', 
  but - any new king must be refrended by the parliament first . 
  the current parliament has a pp/psoe majority ... will the 2015 parliament ? 
  i bet they did n't want to risk it . 
  only if you steal a lot of money . 
  ah ... we are never going to recover from these 4 years . 
  we are never going to and they know it ... 
  they have a program and they have n't made not cooperating with other political forces their cornerstone , so no . 
  which is odd , because that place is nothing but a place to house tourists that visit palma . 
  though alde had won in lithuania . 
  my mother was at a table overseeing votes . 
  apparently , there was this one guy who though it 'd be funny to take a shit , clean his ass with a pp and a psoe ballot , put them in an envelope and put that in the ballot box . 
  and gonz\u00e1lez-pons is his second ... `` rise people of spain , like the egyptians ... out of my fucking house !, 
  i meant against the socialists !! '', 
  seriously . 
  it 's english . 
  use the english flag , pc wizard guys . 
  the ~ ~ regime ~ ~ press is so going for his jugular now ... 
  when europe goes one way you can trust spain to go the opposite . 
  it 's been that for centuries . 
  there is only one man responsible for these results and his name is alfredo p\u00e9rez rubalcaba . 
  ca n't believe it took me to the end of your post to realize that `` typically spanish '' was a news site and not a valoration of the subject . 
  he should sell the rights of his life to hbo . 
  why the fuck is n't he on jail yet . 
  `` guys we should totally gobble up ukraine togedo n't touch belarus '', 
  this is a real thing ? 
  i 'm not going to applaud a murder , but i 'm not going to cry crocodile tears and say how she was a great politician that will be missed . 
  she was not . 
  my biggest concern is if those 12 wages will be hoarded by one person again or at least get more widespread in a country with 6 million jobless people . 
  twice the salary of the president , 4 times if you count benefits ( for which she had been denounced and was being investigated ) . 
  the government made firing people free . 
  the result is that corporations fired people . 
  some because they were having money problems , i 'm sure . 
  but others ( telef\u00f3nica , coca-cola , etc ) were winning millions and did it too . 
  they fired people they 've been working with for decades and hired young people as temporary workers to do the job of two with half the pay of one . 
  one million jobless people more since then , and the government has the gall to say that it is creating jobs . 
  stay tunned for when they reintroduce slavery and tell us to be thankful for it . 
   destroying national symbols in spain ? 
  [ huh ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/spains-biggest-bullfight-the-militant-catalans-waging-war-against-the-osborne-bulls-460460.html ) you are making this a catalonia vs spain thing . 
  for one i doubt any meaningful people outside catalonia knew this tree even existed or was a symbol of anything . 
  for another , symbols are what you want to make of them .
