  not really . 
  i wish people knew there are more books on this war than that one . 
  and it 's a three headed dog that cant agree on what direction to take while it slowly develops an infection from isisitis . 
  ... still better than kosovo . 
  when they all wear niqabs they 'll be stabbed because the sound of their footprints is too sexy . 
  setting fire to the reichstag . 
  no , most of europe actually has history and artistic talent . 
  teruel has the population density of lapland , so they do n't need a lot of inmigrants in total numbers to have a huge number in proportion . 
  same with soria . 
  stick to my guns . 
  claim victory before the press instead of looking like the boy who cried wolf . 
  tell people that the result was too close and that any unforseen ramifications ( scotland , etc ) must be addressed seriously and imminently . 
  hark back to my claimed hero w. churchill and say that things are going to be bad and i have nothing to offer but blood , sweat and tears . 
  blame the eu and foreign bankers for any economic turmoil and claim that they are trying to subvert the will of the british people , at least in the beginning . 
  slowly introduce the idea that farage and the leave camp ( of which i was n't a part until february ) lied and misled me . 
  denounce cameron as a rat for evading his responsibility when he announced his resignation , yet keeping the country in deadlock for months by not making it immediate . 
  john ii of castile not trusting his son to produce children and marrying a second time . 
  6 days . 
  6 fucking days he needed , to backpedal after achieving what he had been fighting for 17 years . 
  his sole defense is that he has lasted more than any other brexit supporter . 
  a tip of the hat to that . 
  nah , he was confident remain would win . 
  same as cameron . 
  enjoy your fence . 
  recognized by the uk . 
  if scotland was in kosovo 's situation spain would veto it . 
  you 'll understand how stupid the claim that `` spain will veto an independent scotland from joining the eu '' is , then . 
  unfortunately , that did n't stop the anti-independence side in the referendum from using it to convince scots to vote to stay in the uk . 
  same happened with their claim that `` if you leave the uk you also leave the eu '' , which is so hilarious in hindsight . 
  if i democratically decided to sleep with scarlett johansson the whole world should say , `` you go bro '' , her included . 
  well , since rajoy does not speak english i suppose that his actual words were * `` si se va el reino unido , se va escocia . 
  '' * that is not an offensive statement in spanish . 
  it 's unbelievable how even supposedly serious information channels in the uk will bend the truth to make a good / `` funny '' headline , especially when it is about a foreign country . 
  look at the proposals to change the working hours in spain . 
  the reality is that spanish workers are overworked , underpaid and have no free time for themselves , working from sunrise to sunset even in the summer and resulting in all sorts of health problems * and * a working output that is not competitive when compared to non-spanish companies . 
  the british papers reported it as rajoy wanting to end spaniards ' habit of taking three-hour-long naps in the middle of the day and all but stating that the spanish economy was in the gutter because spaniards do n't work at all . 
  do n't let british politicians mislead you . 
  spain 's stance on scotland 's independence has always been the same : it will recognize it when the uk does . 
  maybe it 's a cultural thing but i do n't see how stating things as things are can be taken as offensive . 
  he did n't say that he hates scotland or that nicola sturgeon is a * fill epitet of your choice . 
  the eu 's economy is larger than the uk 's . 
  it must be the first sensible thing he has said in years and people are criticizing him . 
  let 's be honest . 
  no matter how much sympathy we have for scotland or how hard we 'd want to punish britain , the rules have been there and clear since the beginning . 
  the eu is a club of sovereign nations , so scotland must be one first to apply . 
  and if you leave the eu , wether because your country leaves or because you leave your country who is an eu member , you have to apply and start from 0 . 
  we might be on the verge of correcting the unfair situation created by the privileges given to britain as a member nation , which was the biggest stone on the way to further european integration . 
  let 's not start by giving just as much privileges to scotland . 
  good guy mexico , does the good things for all countries except itself . 
  brifailure, 
  you really have no idea how closely the brexit rethoric mirrors the catalan independence one . 
  ... that 's a very likely outcome , sadly . 
  i can already see the debates in the basque election : - `` you are the reason the pp rules in spain ! '', 
  - `` lawl , but we kept their hands out of the basque country ! '', 
  result : absolute majority of pnv . 
  good bad analogy . 
  but the ii republic was n't a stalinist state . 
  the influence communists got by the end of the war was a result of the war itself and being given the cold shoulder by everyone except the ussr and c\u00e1rdenas ' mexico . 
  ... and they fucked the establishment and got change . 
  they did n't want to fuck * that * establishment and * that * change . 
  oh no , johnson 's gone from libertarian to gibraltarian . 
  iceland is an amateur team from a country with less population than the average english town and had never qualified for an international tournament before . 
   the 2nd republic gangs started the killings , just saying . 
  the nacionales was a 2nd republic gang . 
  i concede you cup , but not erc . 
  spaniards controlling the spanish economy , that 's a good one . 
  we may have a bad electoral law but we do n't use fptp . 
  so this `` x won y '' discourse is misleading . 
  take the fern\u00e1ndez-d\u00edaz tapes . 
  people were saying that it would damage pp because it 's evidence of the pp minister of security acting like a mafia boss and using the government to favor his party in upcoming elections . 
  but pp voters see that behavior as normal . 
  hence their fear that anyone else might get control of those tools . 
  they do n't think of political parties as political parties , but as competing mafias . 
  so let their mafia be in power to fuck others rather than be fucked . 
  and in this case ? 
  the injured party was them evil catalufo separatists so fuck them . 
  good jab pp heres one more vote and hit em harder . 
  this is a list of corruption cases being currently investigated : https://15mpedia.org/wiki/lista_de_casos_de_corrupci%c3%b3n judge yourself . 
  spaniards do n't care about brexit . 
  yes . 
  the mainstream press ( pro-bipartidism ) campaigned for second rounds to be implemented once , but quickly forgot about it when podemos turned to be stronger than expected . 
  catalan politicians do n't want independence any more than tories want the brexit . 
  pp benefits from separatism directly because it collects votes by projecting an image of being tough on separatism . 
  she is backed by podemos but she has never been a member of podemos . 
  did you read what i wrote ? 
  this referendum shit is pointless . 
  the proposal is for podemos to back a psoe government without conditions . 
  exactly what they asked of them in december ( well , except back in december there was a clear implication that the government would be of psoe and c 's , despite podemos having more votes than either and doubling the seats of the second , and c 's was clear that it 's one and only objective was keeping podemos out of government ) . 
  and for that matter , podemos can take the proposal of a catalan referendum to congress both under a psoe or pp controlled government . 
  exactly . 
  up does n't win nor lose seats . 
  sure , but in spain you blame spain . 
  in the uk , you blame immigrants . 
  back to where ? 
  it 's portugal who used to be part of galicia , remember . 
  is it from the same polling house predicting a comfortable remain win this week ? 
  they do with c 's . 
  hence why podemos must make clear that they wo n't be part of the government and are not seeking portfolios . 
  show the people that it is c 's and psoe who do n't want that to happen , no matter how much they try to blame podemos for the failure to form a government in december . 
  thieves that lie about offering stability .
