yes , but they are all inside bank vaults . 
  i think it 's the norwegian icon in duolingo, 
  it 's only barely darker and more wrinkled than some german tourists i met . 
  that 's where they want to get seals from , right ? 
  the last monk seal in spain was a lone male named peluso that lived in the chafarinas in the 1990s . 
  catalonia also promised to declare independence after 18 months in september 2015 . 
  then again , catalonia has been stuck on groundhog day since 2007 or so . 
  there are children old enough to count their life on definitive referendums instead of years . 
  apparently , the best time to see them in the wild is near dawn and in the coldest months of winter . 
  the same . 
  he was from extremadura so he was called `` el chorizo . '', 
  then people began to use the word chorizo for people who was like godoy . 
  thank god we do n't have fptp . 
  my mother was table president recently . 
  they had to stay extra time because the pp representative wanted a vote for pp with a chorizo slice inside to be counted as valid . 
  fun fact : the first politician to be called chorizo was manuel godoy . 
  i 'm going to be honest : i do n't get the appeal of this guy . 
  and what in hell does the image have to do with it ? 
  well if they kept adding crusades the whole map would be covered in arrows . 
  wait wait wait wait . 
  there is a government in belgium ? 
  clone the wooly mammoth, 
  i love how ataturk is looking the building over his shoulder , like saying , `` kay ... '', 
  pp and psoe made their bed and now they have to lay on it . 
  i wo n't vote for podemos , but anything that works to get this government out of power is good to me . 
  ask the mods for one, 
  sure , right , whatever . 
  he had a talent for making people bleed . 
   btwthis is all ana mato 's fault . 
  what a stupid cunt she is . 
  bu-but he was a priest she earned brownie points to get into heavens by bringing him back . 
  aaa + + + . 
  your fucking 4 years at the helm will be remembered forever . 
  for one , i doubt that street fight today between yes and no supporters in glasgow would have taken place . 
  treaty of badajoz ( 1801 ) puts an end to the last portuguese-spanish war ( `` war of the oranges '' ) ; portugal cedes olivenza to spain . 
  act of the congress of vienna ( 1815 ) ratifies olivenza as part of spain . 
  if you say those treaties are wet paper and olivenza is a blatant part of portugal as a result , then why is the treaty of guadalupe-hidalgo ( 1848 ) between mexico and the united states , that gives the united states sovereignty over the whole american southwest , any different ? 
  or any other treaty in the world for that matter ? 
  it is n't . 
  there is literally no point to discuss about olivenza , or that makes it any relevant to gibraltar , other than falsely portraying spain as a hypocrite and an agressor when the gibraltar thing flares again . 
  as for gibraltar and the treaty of utrecht , utrecht says that spain cedes the `` town , castle and port '' of gibraltar to the united kingdom ( or to be exact , the british monarch ) . 
  technically it does n't even cede sovereignty over the rock itself , but it was always assumed to do so . 
  it does n't cede sovereignty over waters other than the port either , but over the years the british navy assumed control of the waters immediately around the rock and spain did n't protest it . 
  then in 2010 , suddenly and from one day to another , the government of gibraltar decided that up to [ 3 miles around it ] ( http://img.rtve.es/imagenes/pesqueros-algeciras-evitan-aguas-gibraltar/1338286474994.jpg ) were theirs and proceed to remove spanish fishermen from the banks they had been fishing at their whole lives . 
  and last year , it dumped concrete blocks with iron beams sticking out of then even outside that zone , to break fishing nets ( and prove at the same time that it is not gibraltarian fishermen they are doing it for either , because they make it impossible to fish for them as much as any other ) . 
  all through this , the ships of the british navy have been intercepting , expelling and sometimes even arresting the crews of spanish ships in those newly appropiated waters . 
  even spanish police and coast guards . 
  spain 's position is that gibraltar , and through it its protector the united kingdom , is evidently and blatantly breaking the last vigent treaty on the issue between the two countries , and it is the afflicted part in an illegal and unrecognized act of expansion by the other part . 
  but eh , spain is wrong and evil and yadda yadda . 
  then we are on the same boat . 
  this is simply wrong on every level . 
  please learn the reality of facts before pontificating on something you know nothing about . 
  there is a vigent treaty ( two actually ) that says olivenza is part of spain . 
  if you say it is `` blatantly not '' you should also agree that san francisco is blatantly part of mexico under the same principle . 
  spain 's position on gibraltar is not based on the fact that gibraltar is part of spain . 
  in fact , during last year 's ~ ~ smokescreen ~ ~ polemic on gibraltar 's waters spain 's position was based on the defense of the points of the * treaty of utrecht * , which the government of gibraltar * was breaking . 
  you mean a dynastic union between france and spain ? 
  that was never in the cards . 
  in fact , when spain tried to break the french-signed treaty of utretch and recover its territories in italy , [ france declared war on spain ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_of_the_quadruple_alliance ) . 
  but do n't worry , had france ever have the chance to annex spain , there would n't be a language spoken at official level in spain other than french , not an ounce of the local government spanish regions have , and our school books would begin with `` our ancestors the gauls '' . 
  heh , i would n't be surprised if that was the actual wording of a curse . 
  ever since the middle ages , ~ ~ however ~ ~ whoever has been in power in old castile has ruled over either portugal or catalonia , but almost never the two at the same time . 
  the funny thing is that if devolution was more equal , catalonia ( along the basque country and navarre ) * would lose power * . 
   the spanish government in madrid oh , is there any other ? 
  olivenza is a town in badajoz province with the same rights and duties as any other place in spain . 
  gibraltar is a colony that is part of the uk and the eu or not depending of what suits it best . 
  most spaniards ' problem with gibraltar is not what flag flies above it , but what happens under it . 
  most british do n't give a shit about gibraltar except for the fact that having the union jack weave over a rock they ca n't see from their house means they still have an empire . 
   spain did exist when gibraltar was conquered . 
  gibraltar was not conquered , it was taken in support of one side in a civil war , then demanded at a peace treaty with the other side when they decided to leave the side they originally supported to hang and dry . 
  the netherlands have as much reason to claim a right of conquest over gibraltar as the british . 
   no government has the right to govern against the will of the vary people who gave them the right to govern . 
  but it does against the will of people whose ancestors were abducted and effectively reduced to cattle . 
  well played mr. president . 
  first and only time i 'm going to ( up ) vote you . 
  unless mas and ciu do n't actually want a referendum . 
  which is what i 've been saying since day 1 . 
  will he also return the money his party has been embezzling for the past 40 years , or does his people have no right to see it back ? 
  i read a story along those lines . 
  an american listed a dozen european countries she 'd like to visit , but did n't include spain because she 'd `` already been to mexico '' . 
  this article is a wonderful pile of nothing . 
  no more serbian kidneys for russia . 
  the formation of modern basque and catalan nationalism is directly tied to the end of the 19th century . 
  the main factors were : - romanticism and the rediscovery of local languages by the upper , educated classes , until then relegated to the rural and popular world . 
  - industrialization . 
  since the middle ages , the basque country was a hotspot of shipbuilding and trade with northern europe , and so was catalonia in regards to italy and later the american colonies ( which were ironically opened to them by their hated house of bourbon , with the habsburgs the only port allowed to trade with the americas was seville ) . 
  the basque country also has the most important iron mines in the iberian peninsula . 
  these money hotspots attracted industries and with them immigrants from elsewhere in spain looking for a job , which led to a nativist sentiment among the locals who had to compete with them . 
  - local institutions . 
  the basques have kept their autonomy from the middle ages to the modern day , and even during the francoist dictatorship in the case of alava and navarre , by picking the right side in civil wars or being too much of a pain in the ass when they did n't . 
  the catalans of the 19th century made their loss of autonomy in the 18th a symbol and centerpiece of nationalist rethoric . 
  castile , for the most part , was fields and sheep . 
  it was a place of emigration , not immigration . 
  the popular and upper classes and the government all spoke the same language so it was hard to create a sentiment of `` us vs. them '' . 
  finally , see how much catalans bitch about their poor autonomy taken from them in the 18th century ? 
  well , castile went through the same process after the comuneros revolt , under the habsburgs , in the 16th century . 
  probably too far in time to be remembered and mourned by the 19th century generation ( s ) . 
  it 's like english nationalism . 
  people see other regions playing the victim card in exchange for economic and political benefits and they want the same with the same methods . 
  of course they do n't have the numbers nor a powerful regional economic class and supportive media , so it 's bound to fail .
