  it really only makes sense in the context of diplomacy between independent states , though . 
  nobody with a castilian flag flair replied to you . 
  ... [ \u0ca0_\u0ca0 ] ( https://pacma.es/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/pacma-se-posiciona-en-contra-de-los-correbous.jpg ) send a mail to pacma and they 'll be happy to tell you what bous embolats go through , i 'm sure . 
  is it any different if someone stabs you 62 times with the intent of killing you and if someone stabs you 62 times with the intent of hurting you ? 
  are you fucking mental ? 
  do you actually think these bulls go to live happily in a farm in the country after they have their skin and eyes burning out for hours ? 
   you ca n't compare putting a bull in an arena where it is slowly killed and from where it wo n't come out alive , with putting fire in the horns of a bull and making it run around for some time . 
  all while having hot wax dripping over its face until it goes blind . 
  but it 's okay , pro-bullfighting and pro-correbous agree that bulls do n't have pain receptors . 
  and bulls probably appreciate having their own lights to navigate throught dark alleys , even . 
   about setting live bulls on fire , you have no idea of what you are talking about . 
  anyway , i think it 's just a whole different category killing vs ( maybe ) hurting . 
  [ \u0ca0_\u0ca0 ] ( https://pacma.es/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/pacma-se-posiciona-en-contra-de-los-correbous.jpg ) [ i 'm done ] ( https://knzmgg.bn1302.livefilestore.com/y3mmoqoryayc6jfguw3dra9icvymwyw9aoomutgfg7hoz2_g47ukaq3ijgce_vyu8kqllvn9vz-zf9vvwo59ynlxkgfaqdy4pgxqjiu5lbn7bu/toros_no.jpg?psid&amp;rdrts=150301520 ) . 
  [ you made it perfectly clear that this was never about animal rights ] ( http://blogs.publico.es/manel/files/2010/09/24-septiembre-10blog.jpg ) . 
  yes . 
  that 's why a catalan parliament with ciu + erc absolute majority voted to ban bullfighting citing animal cruelty concerns , and two months later , that same parliament voted to protect the ` tradition ' of setting live bulls on fire . 
   that 's disgusting , but i do n't really know if a regional government can actually ban that . 
  of course it can , but it 's time to reactivate the catalan smokescreen again and neither the last diada , nor the cup 's ` threat ' to tear down columbus statue nor even the indictment of mas has worked . 
   bullfighting has been a hispanic ( as in the roman hispania sense ) tradition for centuries , if not millenia . 
  actually , that 's a myth . 
  catalan nationalists in spain banned bullfighting to show how much non-spanish they are . 
  meanwhile , catalan nationalists in france promote bullfighting to show how much non-french they are . 
  we do n't live in the fucking dark ages , thank you very much . 
  in his defense , tell me a current british politician that is not . 
  she 's attending an evening course and it is mid-september , so this is probably the first time she 's in that particular school . 
  well they sent a bus and reimbursed the passengers tickets . 
  i doubt they are compelled to do more . 
  but an investigation to determine who screwed up in management and if it did on purpose ( e.g. 
  as part of a gran policy on cutting costs by understaffing and assuming conductors to break policies drive additional hours ) should be in motion . 
  only if these two drivers in particular were always together and riding the same trains . 
  i do n't understand why there was no second driver onboard . 
  i thought it was standard policy to have two , like in buses and planes . 
  - * no one 's calling it an angel , lisa . 
  if you look carefully , you 'll notice i never once used the word `` angel . 
  '' * - * what about that sign right there ? 
  * - * that 's a typo . 
  another step toward brexit camp abandoning brexit altogether . 
  isis doing what it does 99.9 % of the time is not a change, 
  ... nice ... 
  why ? 
  will it be invested in that sexy eastern poland ? 
  because she is 105 . 
  imagine she was 45 . 
  people would write `` fuck off '' . 
   i bet the polish governments of the time did n't even believe homosexuality was a thing , so they did n't bother enforcing laws against it . 
  doubtful . 
  but it would be interesting to know the reason behind it . 
  for comparison , in spain sexuality was originally a matter of religious policy , not civilian . 
  so when the country got rid of the religious police ( the inquisition ) , there were no more laws on the books that criminalized homosexuality . 
  and no one cared about it ... until 1953 , when franco put them after direct request of the vatican . 
  something similar could have happened in poland , except when rome called , there was no one to answer ( because the country was run by communists ) . 
  while i 'm not disputing what you said , people should remember that in many cultures , transexuality is not homosexuality . 
  but stalin re-illegalized it . 
  thank you . 
  well call me dumb . 
   with the u.k. in the grip of so much political and economic uncertainty , no wonder even continental europe 's more euroskeptical parties are n't clamoring for referendums of their own . 
  in spain , parliamentary elections in the wake of the brexit vote led to better than expected results for the center parties to the detriment of populist podemos . 
  i see americans understood the 2016 elections almost as bad as they understood the 2004 ones . 
  wonder how it would go if they counted palestinians . 
  edit : down , indeed . 
  i mean no offense by saying this , but it is plain weird stuff like this , that makes me see brits as de facto disqualified to write an opinion when the usual catalan/basque thread of the week pops up here . 
  the last time we had fucking walls separating civilian populations within the same city was before we expelled the jews in the middle ages . 
  it is not so much out of place as out of time . 
  why wait so much ? 
  i just found it funny . 
  seeking allies in the country whose first foreign policy for the past 500 years was to destroy yours . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  erdogan should read what happened to maximilian of mexico . 
  a person died . 
  he might get up to 10 years . 
  college-aged girl tries to make meaningful statement without having a clue how . 
  oh yes , the vote is secret , so nobody can figure out where these extra votes for pastor came from , like at all . 
  it would seem you can only fall upwards in this country . 
  so get rid of them already . 
  what are you waiting for , and why did you let them jump in , in the first place ? 
  their obvious aim was to curtail erc 's grow and stay relevant in the face of their pilling corruption scandals . 
  junqueras could have been president for years at this point . 
  instead it 's been mas and mas-appointed puigdemont , and now we are approaching an average of one catalan election per year . 
  well , about that ... 
  save this comment . 
  you will only need to copy and paste it when cdc votes to give rajoy a second term . 
  good question . 
  why does it ? 
  yet that is meaningless until there are new elections in catalonia . 
  and it will remain meaningless if erc continues to let the rotting corpse of cdc parasite it . 
  none and nobody . 
  which is why it wo n't happen . 
  and this kids , is what hypocrisy in human form is . 
  til : puigdemont is a member of erc . 
  please proceed . 
  explain why it is of vital importance that you have your own group , for the next four years , sitting in the national parliament of what you claim is a foreign nation , that you will be done with before this year ends . 
  party ruling catalonia votes for pp 's choice to preside congress . 
  party ruling catalonia expects to receive pp 's support to get own group at spanish congress , to which it is n't entitled to due to not having enough seats , along with that sweet money paid by the spanish taxpayer . 
  the guardian talks out of its ass . 
  every hipster who thinks that catalonia should be an independent nation because they were told in college that george orwell wrote a book with the word catalonia in the title 80 years ago gets a nosebleed . 
  and the world keeps moving . 
  news at eleven . 
  remember when they elected w and he prevented 9/11 , caught amerithrax and killed bin laden all by himself ? 
  those were the times . 
  because the world needs another clown in the white house .
