  there are lusitanians in the residence of the gods . 
  i , for once , think that having don tancredo as president gives us an edge . 
  how else are they going to get up yours ... ours ? 
  can someone explain why the english stereotype is that of a classy , refined individual ? 
  i only see this coming from one side . 
  i was actually thinking pampered . 
  an embarassing , consented brat , no less . 
  i said this :  the citizens of gibraltar do n't want to be british . 
  or at least not to have british laws apply to them . 
  they 'd rather have their cake and eat it too , just like now , because their entire livelihood depends on them being part of spain without being subjected to spanish laws . 
  thanks for confirming that they want to be schroedinger british . 
  british when it suits them , not british when it does n't . 
  when did gibraltar ask to become an * integral * part of the uk ? 
  pray tell . 
   ceuta and melilla are both `` low tax '' areas a.k.a. 
  tax havens . 
  so you do n't know what a tax haven is . 
   yes the un does not call them colonies . 
  but it exists inside morocco and they want it back . 
  it is n't inside morocco and they can not have it back because they never had it in the first place . 
  open a map or a history book . 
  besides , this `` argument '' has always baffled me . 
  why does having enclaves somewhere mean that spain `` deserves '' to have a foreign colony in its territory ? 
  does the uk need to `` pay '' for that `` privilege '' with a foreign colony in its soil too ? 
  is that why there are so many brown people in london ? 
   the citizens do not wish to be part of morocco . 
  neither do the citizens of gibraltar wish to be part of spain . 
  the citizens of ceuta and melilla want to be spanish . 
  the citizens of gibraltar do n't want to be british . 
  or at least not to have british laws apply to them . 
  they 'd rather have their cake and eat it too , just like now , because their entire livelihood depends on them being part of spain without being subjected to spanish laws . 
  they gobble up the traffic in the strait by throwing down taxes and regulations , and they have 10 times more corporations than inhabitants . 
  but when they have to make a real purchase or go to a hospital , they go to spain and want the border open . 
  border that magically seems to expand as they wish , and when they find opposition they are quick to run under britain 's skirts . 
  britain of course indulges them because it gets them a duty free port in the mediterranean . 
   even the spanish people i work with in gibraltar do n't wish it to be part of spain . 
  of course they do n't , because they profit from it themselves . 
  pablo escobar also has his fans in colombia who remember the peanuts he threw at them . 
  they do n't know , or do n't care to know , how damaging the source of his wealth was for the rest of the country . 
  gibraltar would be poorer as part of spain but the general area would be richer without the wealth flowing into that sink . 
  of course the people inside gibraltar would want to maintain the situation as it is . 
  what you defenders of democracy fail to realize , is that the 30,000 or so people in gibraltar are a lot less people than the 50 million in spain they are freeloading from . 
   they have voted multiple times to remain part of the united kingdom . 
  with the caveat that they would n't be subjected to british laws and would be part of the european union . 
   if tomorrow the uk made gibraltar a part of the uk rather than a colony would it change your argument at all ? 
  i can not speak for him , but i know that the gibraltarians would hate it because it would destroy their parasitic livelihood . 
   you do n't see any parallel here at all ? 
  when i see the people of la l\u00ednea jumping barbed fences with the hope of * living * in gibraltar and then moving to the uk , rather than going back home after work , i will see the parallel . 
   gibraltar is trying to play neutral here , two stories below : `` gibraltar calls the eu a cuckholded husband '', 
  hate speech and racism from a british nationalist ? 
  i ca n't even . 
  dude you are threatening nuclear war on day 5 . 
  stop talking like you have a plan or know what you are doing . 
  it is transparent you do n't . 
  nuclear submarines that are sent from scotland to get fixed in gibraltar because the british do n't want them to explode in their face . 
  that 's how much the uk cares for gibraltarians . 
  because they want to paint it as an evil foreigner plot ( this time spanish ) to disolve the uk . 
  the siege mentality / persecution complex is nothing new . 
  labels . 
  labels of labels . 
  labels of labels of labels . 
  getting tired of this circlejerk , personally . 
  evil spain , complaining because poor uk is holding a stick up her ass . 
  it was 2011 and everything was good to throw at zapatero : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anfj6wx63qg i do n't have subtitles , but trust me , he is using a level of revolutionary language that not even podemos or any leftist party with representation in spain would dare to use . 
  as far as pp is concerned , every case of corruption is an isolated case or a conspiracy against pp and they did n't know nothing . 
  indeed . 
  their defense against accusations of being too vile to govern is that they are too stupid to govern . 
  the point is that a person who lives in a glass house should not throw stones . 
  he was perfectly fine with his political rivals being harassed , and had the same happened to any of them , he would have not condemned it in all certainty - and more likely come in support of the action rather than not . 
  there were also several layers to that protest : * the demonstration happened because gonzalez-pons was voting in favor of indebted people continuing to pay mortgages to banks after losing their homes to them . 
  banks that had just been rescued with millions in taxpayers ' money . 
  * the demonstration happened at gonzalez-pons 's legal residence in valencia , iirc . 
  gonzalez-pons owns several properties in madrid and lives there most of the time , actually . 
  so he was n't even in that house when the demonstration happened . 
  despite this , he is allocated an ammount of taxpayers money every month because he is a `` displaced representative . '', 
  he does n't need it to live in madrid , as he already has a home there ( more than one , actually ) but he is happy to pocket it , and it is perfectly legal . 
  he was doing it , i repeat , at the same time he was voting in favor of poor people being thrown to the streets and becoming more indebted , during the worst economic recession in 90 years . 
  * the demonstration , despite what he and his colleagues would like to make people believe , was perfectly legal according to the spanish law of the time . 
  which is why they used their parliamentary majority to criminalize similar acts right after . 
  this guy called the spanish people to imitate the egyptians and take the streets against the corrupt . 
  when they listened and demonstrated in front of gonzalez-pons 's home , he called them radicals and nazis . 
  some things never change, 
  that 's why they want antarctica . 
  ... with this simple trick . 
  let 's agree to disagree . 
  but i just wonder what the reaction would be if the spanish government just started building more high-security prisons in the basque country to accommodate the influx of high-risk prisoners ... yeah , we all know how it would end . 
  the new discourse would be that the fascist state is brutalizing the basque nation with more prisons . 
  so the demand would change accordingly from bringing prisoners to the basque country to just releasing them without paying for their crimes . 
  you live in navarre , a region which was granted autonomy upon entrance in 1512 , has never in its history seen it suspended , and has always had an autonomy level that northern ireland can not even dream up of . 
  and * you * envy * them * . 
  this would bother me if i had not already seen a polish representative doing the hitler salute at the european parliament . 
  there is no dispersion policy . 
  prisoners go to prisons , period . 
  the guy who murdered his kids to spit out his wife was from cordoba ( ? ), 
  and is in herrera de la mancha , for instance . 
  painting standard prison policy as some kind of political persecution is part of the same old nationalist victimist bullshit rethoric . 
  this campaign demanding that basque prisoners serve their time in the basque country is just another fight for a privilege disguised as a right , since they certainly do n't care about it applying to other prisoners . 
  well , i personally do n't care less if a murderer 's momma has to take the train to visit her dearborn in some other province , and nobody should . 
  if you want to see your momma every weekend and do n't want it to be a financial burden on her , then do n't fucking murder people first . 
  i rather see the parot doctrine as something manolo & benito would do if it they were politicians .
