  if i wanted to be an asshole i could say that if this tree 's three branches stand for the unity of catalonia , valencia and balearics as i 'm being told ( even though that site you linked also mentions aragon for some reason ) , having one branch down only makes for a better symbol of an independent catalonia , given that valencia and balearics would be left in a different state . 
  but i only see a bunch of fuckers destroying something because it is liked by other people . 
  i do n't see anger in * all * sides in the situation you commented . 
  `` confront the country 's colonial past '' ? 
  who will they apologize to , the natives of jan mayen ? 
  let 's ask his political opponents then . 
  oh , right . 
  he also jails and kills his political opponents , does n't he ? 
   plus spain is in complete denial about its jewish and muslim history . '', 
  says an ** american ** they asked . 
  do n't waste time asking spanish people , they might not correlate with your preconceived bullshit and you might engage in actual journalism . 
  the horror . 
   transnistrean government supported by russian peace-keeping troops says it wants to join russia . 
  but , but , but ... transnistria has been saying that for 20 years now and russia has always turned them down . 
  why change ? 
  the threat of transnistria joining russia is more valuable as leverage than transnistria actually joining russia . 
  is his daughter paz de la huerta ? 
  but then moody 's says : `` i saw you chatting with this guy i do n't like , so i withold this annoucement i had planned to rlease because fuck you '' ... 
  why does anyone still pay attention to moody 's ? 
  they are drunk . 
  i 'd say s/he has ocd . 
  to reach that number and still keep counting is not normal . 
  this would only be a surprise if it was sephardic or arab jews . 
  ... franz josef was not . 
  this is gon na end well . 
  america 's far right loves him too . 
   it 's incredibly funny it is not . 
  because they do n't say where they come from and no country admits they are their citizens . 
  what 's `` my side '' ? 
  my apologies . 
  `` that guy in yt '' is actually a `` foreign analist expert '' invited to speak at [ catalonia 's public television ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ln0kz3tlm2g ) . 
  nice to see your taxes at work , catalans . 
  please , tell us again how extremadura 's building roads and primary schools hurts your finances . 
   double nationality for all . 
  and free trade . 
  and catalan representation in the spanish congress . 
  and spanish bailouts of catalan defaults , sorry , historical debt for oppressing catalonia through the ages . 
  if the roads are n't paved with gold and the dogs are n't tied with sausages when catalonia is independent we 'll all know that it 's restofspain 's fault . 
  [ and fc barcelona plays in la liga . 
  keep downvoting . 
  prove you have that right and i 'm telling the truth . 
  censor me and show who 's the fascist here . 
  when you downvote me without arguments you are actually upvoting me . 
  thank you and come again . 
  i wonder what that guy in youtube who asked the people 's republic of china to liberate catalonia from the clutches of evil spain thinks about this . 
  you should go fuck yourself . 
  how about that ? 
  my grandfather was shot defending the xyz line and then sent to a labor camp in morocco for 10 years . 
  my great-uncle defended madrid , fought at the ebro and fled to france through catalonia , where he was put in a concentration camp by the french until suddenly they needed all antifascists they could to get the nazis out of their country . 
  for 30 years there was a gris knocking on my grandmother 's door every month , sometimes every week , asking if she would n't happen to know where this relative of hers was at the time , as he was seeked for the crime of defending his country from a colonial army 's invasion intent on making crime legal in spain . 
  none of them fought , i 'm sure , for the right of a group of conservative industrialist , businessmen and politicians in catalonia to whine and manipulate the past , and reality as a whole if necessary , in exchange for economic and political concessions from madrid . 
  the same group that killed the anarchists in the barcleona may days and opened the figurative gates of barcelona to receive franco 's army with open arms , and benefitted through the dictatorship until this `` ended '' ( and even after ) , when they suddely discovered that they could use language to present themselves as victims through the ages , gain cheap sympathy from the catalan people while screwing them over their backs , and goad for conflict between the people in definitive , to extract benefits for themselves . 
  and you go and call me a fascist for saying that catalans can vote in elections . 
  which they do . 
  but that does n't fit with the lie that catalans are ever-oppressed by a far reaching evil fictional entitity these manipulators call spain , that supposedly keeps them in a worst state than palestine and darfur combined . 
  well , go fuck yourself again . 
  you know who oppresses the catalans ? 
  who 's fault is that catalonia has to pay more taxes ? 
  it 's the catalan government who sets autonomic taxes . 
  national taxes are the same . 
  who 's fault is that catalonia has the most political indults to politicians and businessmen found guilty of corruption ? 
  it 's the catalan government again , who got that privilege ( oh , sorry , `` historical right for 1714 '' , that 's what they call it now ? ), 
  to do it , unlike every other autonomous community in spain . 
  who 's fault is that catalonia has most pay roads in spain , and that they continue to be pay roads after their 40 year concessions run out ? 
  the catalan government again , and ciu and its great man pujol in particular who benefitted personally from their contracts . 
  who 's fault is that catalonia 's autonomous police , the mossos d'esquadra , is the most unpopular , violent and plain racist police force in spain and seemingly ca n't get out of barracks without maiming or killing someone ? 
  it 's the catalan government again , who has sole control over such police force , and who has even talked in occasion of it as if it was its own personal army ready to strike the `` enemies of the catalan people '' . 
  who 's fault is that catalonia 's schools ca n't provide their children with material while the catalan government 's education branch pours millions in the establishment of `` catalan embassies '' in foreign countries ? 
  who 's fault is that catalonia is the most indebted region in spain , i ask again ? 
  but lo , who has only have to wave a flag , say the magic words `` people '' , `` right '' and `` spain steals from us '' to have all responsibility for that vaporished or transferred to madrid , while they continue to rob with impunity ? 
  why , the same guys who say they do n't want to have anything with spain , yet have 3 times more representation in spanish congress per vote than parties that run in and try to appeal to voters in the whole of spain 's territory . 
  the same who talk only about `` right to decide '' and `` referendum '' so they can backpedal when they get what they want , which is * not * independence as that would n't benefit them and give them room to play their sick game . 
  the same who says spain steals from them and that without catalonia spain would be darfur and catalonia denmark , yet asks spain for a bailout at the same time . 
  the same who will run yet again in spanish national elections and decide who governs in spain through a back deal in 2015 , in fact , and promptly forget everything they are saying and `` fighting for '' now , until the time comes to use the ploy again because it is easier and more beneficial than offering real rights and benefits to their voters . 
  i 'm not even 30 and i 've seen that same game too many times . 
  i 'm just tired of this whole bullshit . 
  and you tell me to read rousseau . 
  do i have to read the noble savage bullshit again too ? 
  i found it tedious the last time . 
  i 'm fortunate the guy did n't include what he did to his own children while preaching others what to do with theirs though , i might have nightmares . 
  too bad also he wrote sc in 1762 , that might prove too futuristic in a discussion where the arguments do n't go beyond 1714 and its fantastical , farcical twisted depiction by ciu and co. . oh , and i almost forgot : go fuck yourself again , and while doing it learn if there are better argumentations than ad hominem and appeal to a 300 years-old authority . 
  you might be surprised . 
  yes . 
  catalans should have the right to vote in democratic local , autonomic , national and european elections . 
  fortunately , they already have it . 
  the insane only know extremes . 
  that 's not the main square of ciudad real . 
  it 's [ this ] ( http://ibersontel.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/ayuntamiento-de-ciudad-real.jpg ) . 
  so was wales . 
  asked about the reason , the dolphin commander answered : `` eeeeh-eeeeh-eeeeehhh '', 
  dont tell me . 
  they still wo n't nationalize those roads . 
  got ta keep the good ones empty . 
  paris hilton has 132 . 
  ireland is a lapdog ( in the map . 
  do n't downvote ), 
  two unsourced comments that might as well have been posted in an online board by anonymous right wing nutjobs = shakira sparks anger in spain, 
  i 'd love to see portugal trying to reannex brazil . 
  they liked russia so much , they declared war on japan in 1905 and did n't sign the peace until this decade . 
  where will russia buy its obsolete cold war era bunkers now ?
