  every time i read on rating agencies i get the impression that they are a bunch of asses who could n't find their own butthole if they searched , yet everyone lives in fear of what they say and will do everything they ask for . 
  and you believe the polish pm 's plan is to convert them to catholicism ? 
  see , the german understands . 
  no if you see no tanks hear no sound, 
  it 's been also 360 years since . 
  the only thing russia cares about syria is the tartus naval base . 
  which is run by a civilian contractor and has a minimum personal ( do n't think it is russian even ) . 
  i do n't think the eu , or nato will do anything in syria in the near future . 
  that ship sailed a long ago . 
   syria proved that when democracy triumphed over a dash to war . 
  syria is drowning in war and as far of democracy as it can get . 
  it also depends on the conditions suscribed by each entering country . 
  for example , spain ca n't call upon nato support if it is attacked on the african mainland ( including ceuta and melilla , which legally are as part of spain as any suburb of madrid ) . 
  this renders nato membership pretty useless since * that * is the only likely flashpoint for a conflict involving spain . 
  i 'm not italian but since everyone else is pilling anyway ... 
  there is no motive . 
  there is no confession . 
  there is no evidence . 
  there is no testimony linking her to the crime . 
  the police story is ever changing and never made sense anyway . 
  it did feed the worst of sensationalist tv though . 
  there is a man in jail for this murder already . 
  the court 's decision makes no sense . 
  [ seriously ? 
  ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/meps/en/map.html;jsessionid=cd6a4db828a7183379188e58618d9e2c.node2 ) germany has 99 seats , france 74 . 
  if they agree on something , that 's 173 votes . 
  it 's very unlikely that enough countries band together to trump something backed by germany and france , and that assuming they all want to . 
  in economic and agricultural policy the benelux tends to side with germany for example . 
  why should serbs be asked about the potential accession of a country to the eu when serbia is n't part of it ? 
  spanish and italians are fed up with germans , french and to a lesser extent british using their demographic power to dominate eu policy . 
  turkey in would completely change that , since it is a mediterranean nation with a population exceding germany 's . 
  this is , incidentally , also the reason french and germans do n't want the turks in . 
  1992 is going to be such a great year !, 
  yep . 
  which you did with the support and connivence of the british ( dewey docking in hong kong even before the war broke out and suez being suddenly closed to spanish shipping among other things ) . 
  it is now forgotten but in 1896-1898 there was a pretty big fear of war between britain and america over canada . 
  giving you a free hand in the caribbean and china ( where the us had already a stake since perry visited japan anyway ) made sure you kept out of canada and africa . 
  the spanish-american war was the upgrade of america to * power * status . 
  you can see it in the way the us changes when addressed by german expansion plans : tirpitz basically switches from `` we should get an island in the caribbean '' to `` we should get an island in the caribbean after working something with the united states '' , and the samoan crisis already underway before the saw is solved with the agreed division of the islands between the us and germany ( the fact that germany was n't kicked out altogether even though america was supported by britain is a testament ) . 
  but in 1914 it was unthinkable that the united states would take part in a war in europe or even mediate a peace solution there . 
  roosevelt mediating between russia and japan in 1905 was already revolutionary . 
  in 1919 , though , it was wilson 's 14 points that served as rough draft of versailles and france even had to tone down her demands on germany to comply with him . 
  it was ww1 that made america a * great * power , and ww2 a * super * power . 
  if these cops were destined to die i 'd also prefer if they did protecting their people , instead of a yuppy in vacation . 
  you still kept on your side of the atlantic . 
  you know the west has given up on syria when the press switches from `` freedom fighters '' to `` terrorists '' . 
   assuming they care about catholicism , would n't they fight to keep southern and eastern europe away from northern europe ? 
  how so ? 
  the rcc is all in favor about * expanding * into northern europe , not for putting barriers in its path . 
  that 's why bribing is a problem . 
  what you call `` rob '' they call `` bribe '' , and it is as expected in eastern europe as tipping is in the usa . 
  even if they are proud of being fascists ? 
  people tend to forget that ww2 * was won by the axis here . 
  that one 's a robot , is n't it ? 
  were they sheriffs from the wild west ? 
  [ maidstone , england ] ( http://www.simonmillerpropertyblog.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/maidstone-coat-of-arms.jpg ) . 
  to my knowledge , the only coa supported by a dinosaur . 
  [ cebreros , spain ] ( http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:cebreros.svg ) also has an unusual choice with quite an interesting backstory . 
  well , this began when she tried to do a circus stunt after all . 
  seems fitting . 
  you 'd think that losing her legs would have taught her that she fucked up . 
  but nope . 
  she should be glad her judge is not hammurabi : i bet that guy would chop her arms off for wasting the judge 's time . 
  you can read / u/snappera ( ? 
  ) 's comment about calling for a referendum on independence and performing * genetic tests on the voters * to make sure only real catalans vote , just a few hours ago . 
  you are right . 
  my `` no '' above should be understood first as a `` not now '' or a `` no under this conditions '' . 
  the day there is a party that runs in soria only , plain refuses to run everywhere else , and uses the gained seats to get backroom deals that nobody voted in election and benefit soria province at the expense of all other 49 , that day i will agree with you . 
  if that last paragraph is not some kind of sarcasm you can go jump off a cliff . 
  but voting for a party that did not buy this election as a referendum on independence and demanded change unrelated to it is an implicit vote against mas ' decision to turn this election into a plebiscite for independence , and mas ' own stance for a yes in that question . 
  qsqep had its pro-independence mirror in cup , so if people wanted social change and independence they 'd vote cup and not qsqep . 
  as such , any vote that goes for qsqep and not cup can only be counted as one against independence , even if the party does n't outright state it . 
  all those could be expected in the main right wing party of many european countries . 
  it can be said that spain has the bizarre feature of having a far right party as their main right wing party , and a. . . `` normal '' right wing party only as a second one ( and until recently not even that , because pp aglutinated all the right wing vote at national level ) . 
  aran is always the exception . 
  and pique used to be a communist and losantos and moa were maoists . 
  origins are not always a good guide of current leaning . 
  liberals ( neoliberals ) in the economic sense would be a good start . 
  as well as against catalan nationalism ( and as they branch out in the future , other regional ones ) . 
  i concede , they have also tried to court votes by building a third way , centrist image , nit unlike what pp itself did in the 90s . 
  there is no way to eat your cake and have it . 
  you do one or the other . 
  in before someone starts saying that real catalans voted for independence and the only against were settlers , sepoys and botiflers . 
  the op just called them a left party . 
  i do n't think c 's has ever been left . 
  they are just pp without the francoist triad of military , bullfighting and the catholic church . 
  in catalonia , their entire sense was to collect the votes of those who want to vote for right wing policies in economy , but do n't buy ciu 's catalanism . 
  there is just no time . 
  the one that 'll be there most likely , sanchez , will probably bungle it no matter what he does . 
  the same thing they do every day , pinky . 
  make more threats . 
  it 's enraging how much this region and country are hostage , in the end , of votes cast in lleida and girona only . 
  eh , but it kept pujol in barcelona and the commies out of lamoncloa , so good for us , huh ? 
  please , the anc is already saying that all catalans will keep their spanish nationality when independence comes . 
  for the first and only time in the history of mankind : a country that becomes independent and 100 % of its population are citizens of other country . 
  who will get to receive all the benefits , but pay for none of them , because when taxes come they are n't spaniards . 
  and spain goes along with that , because it 's the sacred will of the catalan people , and refusing it is fascist oppression . 
  hmmm i 'm not sure i quite follow . 
  ciu and erc have never complained about national electoral law , because they also get overrepresentation in madrid . 
  the ones that complain are iu and recently , upyd .
