  he confessed 48 murders in spain , france and italy during the 1960s and early 70s but they only ever tied him beyond doubt to seven murders in spain before the investigation was shelved and he was sent to a psychiatric hospital for life . 
  he was delighted by the attention and was prone to embellish his crimes , but at the same time he was n't smart enough to make up a crime from whole cloth . 
  for example , he would lead investigators to one scene and describe how he raped and murdered a good-looking girl in detail . 
  the investigators would then check the place 's history and find that the details fit an unsolved crime that had happened there to a t - except that the victim was an old woman who was thrown off a bridge and raped post-mortem . 
  that sort of thing . 
  so while he invented a lot , it 's likely that he indeed killed a lot of people , and that many unsolved cases from that era were his work . 
  unfortunately , nobody ever seemed interested in clearing this and he died in the late 90s from lung cancer . 
  prior to him , the most infamous was probably [ juan d\u00edaz de garayo , aka `` el sacamantecas '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/juan_d%c3%adaz_de_garayo ) , a 19th century rapist-killer . 
  however , the image most people had of him was severely tainted by a 1950s novel-turned-movie that did n't have really any relation to the real case . 
  kinda like how ed gein was the basis for every movie serial killer in the 50s through the early 80s , but at the same time none of these serial killers were really like ed gein . 
  edit : i do n't know why i wrote `` early '' when i had `` late '' in mind . 
  dennis nilsen is scottish too . 
  if you drown , someone will know where to find your body . 
  if barcelona was the capital there would not be separatism . 
  plus , half the guiris think that it is already the capital anyway . 
  main square . 
  main square . 
  main square . 
  1 ) if you produce clean energy in your own property , for your own consumption , and by your own means , you must compensate the big energy oligopolies that make billions every year . 
  2 ) if you buy a blank cd , play music for a gathering or have a tv on in a business , you must pay tax to a racket - i mean , an union of artists and managers . 
  regardless of , if the content you show/play/copy is owned by anyone in that union , or not . 
  3 ) if you fail to pay your mortgage in time you lose your property and continue paying the mortgage with interest , regardless of what you have already paid . 
  4 ) you will go to jail if you twit a popular joke about a wanabee dictator that was killed by terrorists 44 years ago . 
  the terrorists who actually killed him are free because they were amnestied 40 years ago . 
  5 ) you will go to jail if you kill , maim or generally mistreat any animal for your own amusement , except when the animal is a bull . 
  in such case you get government subsidies , because it 's `` art . '', 
  this kind of rethoric was the daily bread during the dictatorship so it 's still very frowned upon . 
  it 's more common for every little region and town to have its own distinguised son/daughter than to talk about some national unifying figure . 
  if you see someone lionizing queen isabella or el cid ( even more so ) , 10/10 times it 's a hardcore conservative or a straight up fascist doing it . 
  thankfully this is starting to change with young people who did n't live through the dictatorship , but for a long time it looked like if you were to present yourself as progressive or liberal in any way , you had to take a piss at everything and everyone that happened in spain 's history . 
  that 's a different thing . 
  it is really , really easier for portuguese to learn spanish than viceversa . 
  spanish has only 5 vowel sounds , while portuguese has more and also one or two consonants that do n't exist in spanish . 
  that 's for european dialects , of course . 
  brazilian portuguese is actually easier to learn for spanish speakers because the phonology is closer to some south american dialects of spanish than to european portuguese . 
  frankly bad to be honest , especially when it comes to animal rights . 
  the best part of being in the eu is that they keep our politicians on check to some extent . 
  at least we can console us with the fact that our biodiversity was big by european standards to begin with and that it never was near as destroyed as in central europe or the british isles . 
  i was what ? 
  nine ? 
  six ? 
  i thought the word `` yellow '' looked funny . 
  then i hope your friend 's parents liked that name . 
  `` galician spoken through your teeth '' also works, 
  the story as told is bizarre and i ca n't shake the feeling that we are n't getting the full version . 
  it is indeed illegal to name your kid in a way that can be considered offensive and expose him/her to ridicule . 
  since there is no legal definition of what offensiveness and ridiculeness is , it is up to the civil servant to reject names he/she thinks fits the criteria . 
  but it 's the first time i ever hear of a civil servant outright choosing the name rather than telling the parents to think of another , let alone picking the day 's saint 's name without caring what the parents think . 
  it superficially sounds like a story from the dictatorship ( hence my question if the person was old ) but it still sounds exaggerated . 
  the name criteria were even harsher back then . 
  you could only choose traditional first names ( as a reaction against people who had named their kids things like `` progreso '' or `` libertad '' during the republic ) , and they could only be in castilian/spanish . 
  usually this meant that people in a galician , basque , catalan , etc household would give their kid a first name in their language but that it would appear in spanish at the registry . 
  now i can think of a particular assholist civil servant picking the day 's saint name and forcing the parents to go with it , off the record . 
  but why would the parents go along with it at home and the kid not change the legal name as an adult ? 
  it boggles the mind . 
  and i * do * know of cases in rural spain in the 40s/50s where the local priest would pick the kid 's name before baptism and then convince the parents to accept it . 
  but even in that case , it was the parents themselves who went later to the civil registry and registered the kid under that name themselves . 
  i even know of a case where the mother and priest agreed to name the kid something and baptised him as such , but then the father went to the civil registry and registered him under another . 
  the kid liked his baptism name better and changed his legal name upon adulthood . 
  i do n't know how it sounds , but written finnish looks like the transcript of an owl playing a flute . 
  istencsaszar is talking nonsense , [ lock him down ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/5p5rox/til_that_the_last_ww2_pow_to_be_repatriated_was_a/?st=iznrh2x0&amp;sh=1c011dc1 ), 
  maltese = arabic in an italian accent romanian = italian in a russian accent, 
  they are americans who get shat on by other americans . 
  is your friend 60 + ? 
  go get your mind checked . 
  it 's a highly diverse place . 
  it 's always been diverse . 
  and everything you think you know about it either 1 ) comes from one little speck of it and it 's not relevant elsewhere at all 2 ) it 's actually from another country an ocean away or 3 ) it was never a thing in the first place . 
  it 's like we were in a thread about stereotypes . 
  how crazy would that be . 
  all women named luc\u00eda are hot . 
  all women named vanessa are sluts . 
  more if they go by vane . 
  is n't it the one who gets the bean ? 
  2011 : the battle of the old , boring , bald , bearded sidekicks with no charisma . 
  it will be as successful as texexit was this past 8 years . 
  that it is an unambiguously racist notion . 
   we are n't told much of the levant crusades anyway . 
  the louiswho ? 
  the barbawhat ? 
  i was told that they were bad and the venetians did something completely against their spirit anyway . 
  so you want to be germany 's road . 
  i heard there was a war there recently . 
   pop musicians that fit the latin lover stereotype ( enrique iglesias , chayanne , etc ) are hand tailored to fit the foreigners criteria of what a spanish man looks like . 
  i would n't say they 're hated , they 're just not exactly genuine . 
  you may add antonio banderas in the 90s . 
  remember when the republicans said that russia was the greatest danger to the world and the democrats laughed it off as lunacy ? 
   now i have less time in spain , but their discrimination seems like it 's more widespread and they seem like they think they are superior , you hear a lot of things about `` chinos '' , black people , what things ? 
   and south americans get shit for having mixed heritage . 
  did you actually hear anything of the sort or are you jumping to conclusions ? 
  guiris are just foreign tourists . 
  spaniards who go on vacation abroad say that they go to `` hacer el guiri '' . 
  if i was the only white guy in a room full of black guys and i was called `` the white one '' i would n't care less . 
  a middle aged woman in an abusive relationship . 
  yeah . 
  new carthage . 
  it is indeed classist but it is very demagogue and uses constant populist rethoric . 
  see the use of the name people 's party , the marches against gay marriage , the spain is breaking deadhorse , gibraltar ( much adoo about nothing ) , ca\u00f1ete riding a tractor , their press pushing their artificial outrage of the week ( supposed crisis and male chauvinism in podemos , zapata 's tweets , maestre 's boobs , they did n't applaud the king boohoo ) , talking about the need to leave the civil war in the past and then bringing up raped nuns in the same sentence , rajoy standing before the unemployed 's office , use of religious rituals , bullfighting , the constant reference to the enemy being stooges of eta , morocco , venezuela , the ussr and hitler , the conspiracy theories about the march 11 attacks , the list goes on and on . 
  their denounce of other parties populism is so ridiculous because it can only be interpreted when seeing their actions as `` we love using populism but at least our populism is fake . 
  rest assured that when we are in power , we will fuck the people in the ass , like always '' .
