  i take that you are not aware of rivera coming out a few days ago and plain saying that c 's had fulfilled their objetive , which was preventing a government that included or was supported by podemos . 
  things ca n't get more kafka-esque than podemos demanding a point in psoe 's own electoral program and psoe refusing to agree with it because c 's does n't want to . 
  we 've seen that more than once in the past months . 
  but eh , it makes sense because psoe 's 90 + podemos ' 69 seats are not enough to get a majority that can form a government , as psoe repeats ad nauseam . 
  the fact that psoe 's 90 + c 's 40 are even less and that c 's has plain vetoed everyone in a pact except pp , on the other hand , does n't seem to cross their mind . 
   ` relocate israel to us ' wait , this is n't just a weird meme ? 
  there is people that say this for real ? 
  is n't russia actually a leading nation in great mammal conservation ? 
  i have not looked really into the issue but i recall decade-long efforts to reintroduce the european bison and muskox , and a generally good track in keeping the european mink , saiga antelope , siberian tiger and amur leopard alive . 
  most large animals ca n't survive if their habitat is even slightly altered . 
  well , hello again bosnia . 
   why do you want to set up a political party that seeks to break the mold of two party politics , and then when that mold is broken refuse to enter any coalitions . 
  are you just trying to supplant them as one of the two parties who can rule alone ? 
  are you talking about podemos ? 
  because podemos is actually the only among the top four that has tried to form a coalition . 
  the problem is that the other three made a backroom deal last december to make everything in their hand to make sure that no government was formed , all while trying to make the world believe that it was podemos ' fault . 
  their plan is to get in june the seats they did not get in december and then make the pp-psoe ( - c 's ) grand coalition they want , but ca n't justify yet to the citizenship or their own voters . 
  they 'll peddle it as the only door left by those pesky , hateful , obstructive bolivarians in podemos , when in reality , this is what they had intended to do the whole time . 
  now , if you are actually talking about c 's , well , things are really interesting about those guys . 
  in the chinese sense . 
   well , technically , the previous pp administration has continued to control the nation . 
  they do n't have majority and the laws that they forced on the country without consensus are being brought down one by one . 
  ... damn . 
   the numerous population of natives , he says , live in thatched cottages , store their grain in subterranean caches and bake bread from it . 
  [ 25 ] they are `` of simple manners '' ( \u0113thesin haplous ) and are content with plain fare . 
  ssshtupid fat hobbits !, 
  you mean `` negro '' is used in english outside the usa ? 
  i thought it was an us only thing . 
  crazy that it was only 5 years . 
  i doubt she said ` negroes ' and not ` blacks ' . 
  negative = offensive, 
  tv said yesterday that it was a river dolphin . 
  if true ( they only exist in brazil , argentina , and pakistan edit : and india ) , it only rises further questions . 
  they 'd just clone a drunk swede . 
   well , yes . 
  it implies that the presence of moors is a bad thing ; something to be scared of . 
  no shit sherlock . 
  this actually goes back only to the 1500s-1600s and is a direct reference to the freaking barbary pirates . 
  when those were in the coast they were n't giving out cakes and handshakes . 
  what else could it imply . 
   moro viejo mal cristiano - ca n't teach an old dog new tricks first time i heard of this one , but how is it negative ? 
  the only way an old moor possibly became a christian was at the point of a sword . 
  it can be constructed as sympathetic for the old moor as much as unsympathetic . 
   el oro y el moro - have your cake and eat it too the one that really goes back to the reconquista and it is a reference to the ransom paid for an enemy caught in battle . 
  which was common when the enemy was n't a moor too . 
  it just happened that the enemy was a moor more times than it was n't . 
  seriously , why do we have to see an offensive intention in everything ? 
  nobody talks for a week , and when it happens is to ask the fastest way to travel from granada to barcelona . 
  you forgot to add that in early 1914 the british and the germans were plain drawing plans to partition the portuguese colonies . 
  so the war was even more of a blessing in disguise to the portuguese ( and the portuguese republic , in particular ) . 
  ( i was tempted to type that this invalidates all the `` oldest ally '' sugary speech , but we all know how britain tends to treat its allies ... ), 
   that sort of took place after spanish refused to accept joseph , rather than before that . 
  the army tried to put down guerillas by force and terrorized the country-side . 
  wrong . 
  spain gave napoleon permission to traverse the country to invade portugal . 
  napoleon then ordered the army to occupy places that were n't in the road to portugal at all , like catalonia and aragon . 
  he treated spain like a conquered country and not an ally , and he did it well before the abdications of baionne . 
   besides , napoleon 's actual army saw no resistance in spain , it was soldiers left over because of the guerillas that were doing that . 
  check your history because this is the exact opposite of what happened . 
  the guerrilla problem was not foreseen precisely because the guerrillas were civilians spontaneously taking up arms and fighting the invader the way they could . 
  napoleon * thought * that his army would be received as liberators and what little efforts were made to congratiate his forces with the spanish people were misinformed and riddled with old french stereotypes about spaniards . 
  the spanish army , on the other hand , followed orders and collaborated with the french initially . 
  napoleon did not think highly of the spanish army and sent most of it to boost numbers in russia and denmark , which he did with no problem . 
  it was only after the people took arms against the french that part of the army joined them . 
  the spanish army that opposed napoleon did not fight in guerrillas , by the way , it fought like a regular army in battles such as bailen and talavera . 
   also i was only half serious . 
  they refused joseph because most of the people were in favour of king 's son and they felt betrayed by napoleon i feel . 
  what happened is that you ca n't sell freedom at the point of a bayonet , all while telling your victim that it 's for their own good and that they are stupid for refusing it . 
  that 's what happened in spain then and what happened in irak not long ago . 
  if napoleon had behaved in spain like he did in italy and germany , he would not have found as much trouble . 
   i was making a joke about siestas and fiestas at the expense of spaniards . 
  * m\u00e9dico de familia * did that decades ago . 
  it got in the institutions and people realized that problems do n't go away just by saying `` fuckspain rabble rabble '' . 
   i think it is because joseph tried to modernize and reform spain against the wishes of the population . 
  it rather was because he occupied the country with dutch and polish mercenaries that had to be fed , clothed and armed by the same population they were terrorizing . 
  for free . 
  people do n't like that . 
  `` joins list '' - what list ? 
  god i love your username . 
  `` catholic '' in american english means `` a victorian-era stereotype of life in ireland '', 
   pp will never lose the rural , catholic vote . 
  it will five minutes after the church decides that this horse is n't running anymore . 
  rule 1 of the foreigner 's guide to spain : everything other countries do is normal and for a reason , and everything spain does is abnormal and illogical . 
  even when it is the same thing . 
  after visiting planet middle east , a dangerous refugee would stowaway . 
  there would be much shock and horror , until the german captain solved the crisis , by making passionate love to him . 
   tildesley also argues that expats see the eu as destroying the very aspects of spanish life that originally drew them to the country . 
  * remember the franco years , when we could brag of political freedoms at home and buy any spic for a penny ? 
  good times . 
  jolly good times . 
  * ps : do n't take this as selective racism , but i think you mean romanian gypsies , rather than romanians . 
  you can almost make the christian-muslim border in the iberian peninsula 1000 years ago : http://www.euratlas.net/history/europe/1000/, 
  afghanistan , that beacon of peace . 
  he 'll defend the opposite of what he perceives most around him defend . 
  in a couple of weeks he 'll say the complete opposite . 
  can someone explain why they go through macedonia and serbia when greece , bulgaria and romania are all in the eu ? 
  were border checkpoints not eliminated when these countries joined the union ? 
  unless they are celibate : no , there are n't , because i never referenced them . 
  the greatest mystery in life is understanding why so many people believe that an organization run by celibate men in skirts can have a clue about what is a correct sex life . 
  pope is infalible !,
