  do n't forget why the electoral law is how it is . 
  this shit can not be played in urban areas , but it is very easy and very profitable in rural areas , which are overrepresented in the spanish parliament ( and let 's not even talk about the senate ) . 
  it 's basque election year and pnv 's main enemy is podemos . 
  they can not afford to appear as pp 's lapdogs right before the election . 
  the less damaging thing to do is to offer their support to psoe , should they try to form another government , and let psoe decide if they use that card or burn it themselves . 
  neither outcome would be blamed on pnv . 
  in fact , they suggested that a few days ago already . 
  yeah , but is n't the english version a real survival show with actual people as contestants ? 
  the spanish version 's contestants are the national equivalent of the kardashians ( or , the cousin of the friend of the kardashians ' gardener , to be exact ) . 
  they ** will ** cut pensions ( they have done plenty of times before ) , they will just rise them by a couple cents two months before elections . 
  imagine , if the day after the presidential election trump appears on tv looking exactly like johnson a couple of days ago : `` i. . . 
  i can not be president !, 
  it was a prank bro !, 
  i wanted to make hillary win ! '', 
  which is why podemos must offer to back a psoe-only government . 
  make psoe show their true colors . 
  let 's hope for a couple of years . 
  rajoy trying to make a victory speech and bumbling like a braindead person . 
   it 's up like 400,000 votes the ones that c 's has lost . 
  and they are still less than pp lost from 2011 to 2015 . 
  many others being the nuns and pp councilmen that cart senile old people to the polls every year , right ? 
  `` be careful what you wish for . '', 
  oh , how true that is !, 
  boris , you campaigned for leave . 
  leave won !, 
  boris , you wanted the spotlight . 
  you got it !, 
  boris , you wanted to succeed cameron as pm . 
  and you will !, 
  to briefly preside over the mess he left behind !, 
  never will you be a viable candidate in an election !, 
  and you got paid in zlatans for that . 
  you mean being part of the eu while also being part of an uk that is not in the eu ? 
  only sovereign states can be members , even if parts of a sovereign state can be out of the eu . 
  ( obvious loophole : move britain 's capital to edinburgh , give autonomy to england , then have england and wales out of the eu while `` britain '' remains in ), 
  because galicia did n't industrialize in the 19th century . 
  this species exists only in spain . 
  well , until a few years ago , when some crossed the border and returned to portugal . 
  [ like they are doing drugs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwkfq-yubmc ), 
   the most amazing thing to me , apart from what 's said in the leak which does n't even surprise me , is that they managed to bug the interior minister office somehow and nobody realized , what the fuck are they doing there . 
  remember 2004 , when pp was claiming a massive conspiracy of eta , al-qaeda , the french and moroccan secret services and psoe against pp , and that the pp holding the government had not a single clue of that until it supposedly exploded in its face ? 
  or when some mysterious faction followed s\u00e1nchez-camacho and recorded her while she was talking to somebody and released it to attack her , even though coincidentally the only reasonable explanation to an external viewer was that s\u00e1nchez-camacho had recorded herself , and released it to attack the persons involved with the one whe was meeting with ? 
  it 's plain obvious that nationalism has been promoted by the right in barcelona , madrid and the basque country for decades to capitalize votes that would otherwise go to the left . 
  it did n't happen in other places ( chief example galicia ) because it was not needed . 
  i can not be the only one paranoid enough to think that this coming right up is the perfect manouvre to benefit : - cdc ( deal with cup in its death throes , on the verge of losing most of its national votes to erc ) , - psoe ( on freefall , will be unable to justify backing a pp government and not a podemos government if podemos + psoe have majority but psoe has much less representation ) - c 's ( mia and risking to follow upyd into the grave ) - the aznar/aguirre faction within pp ( which is one and the same with c 's ) - pnv ( on the verge of losing first spot in the basque country to podemos ), 
   and not a single non-catalan politician has said anything , iglesias and s\u00e1nchez called for fd and rajoy to resign . 
  rivera too , but he is catalan . 
  is no potato . 
  is of politburo . 
  such is life . 
   say guys , we happen to have the largest and best preserved virgin forest in europe which is probably also the biggest tourist attraction in the general area . 
  what do we do with it ? 
   cut the trees down , sell wood for pennies in the flooded wood market . 
   yay awesome . 
  i just had a crazy idea about releasing them [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oostvaardersplassen#large_herbivores ) and watching what happens . 
  in order to cripple the rising leftist party podemos , the traditional main leftist party psoe offered some junior leftist parties that run in coalition with podemos ( comprom\u00eds , etc ) to run instead in coalition with psoe , for the coming senate elections ( but not in congress ) . 
  so instead of denouncing the move as an obvious attack against it , podemos says that a grand leftist coalition is a wonderful idea and offers itself to run in coalition with psoe as well ( i.e. 
  a common psoe+p odemos + podemos partners front ) , which according to polls would result in the current conservative pp supermajority in the senate being utterly destroyed and replaced by a nearly wholly leftist senate . 
  psoe promptly refuses and pretends that the whole incident never happened . 
  there would be a lot of territory to see and it would get a little bigger every year . 
  we 'd run out of politicians . 
  if you ever nationalize american remember that you can legally call yourself african-american , just for the lulz . 
  not since egypt stole her . 
  where are you from ? 
  that sounds like a misguided courting attempt . 
  you should be more flattered than offended . 
  i doubt they 'd identify a castilian accent as a spanish accent , even less a catalan one . 
  well ... he killed hitler . 
  that 's something . 
  `` there is another american show misusing it '', 
  it 's a different species , not a subspecies . 
  baratheon, 
  and apparently there is nothing in the quran about wearing hijab , either . 
  international law is for non-anglos , you silly goose . 
  britain seems to struggle with that concept in hong kong . 
  ca n't harass the people that contribute to gibraltar 's economy . 
  you convinced me . 
  let 's restore all inca territories to those mysteriously bearded , pale-faced indians in lima . 
  it 's enough to finance the defense of the spanish territory that the nato adhesion treaty does n't cover . 
  which is casually all the parts that are in any likelihood to be attacked by the only nation in any likelihood of ever going to war with spain . 
  first of all gibraltar employs 3000 spaniards , not tens of thousands unless you moved the border up north when nobody was looking again . 
  second , the rn does n't waste a single penny keeping illegal immigrants away from europe , except from gibraltar itself , and the policy put to work when it was needed was escorting the immigrants to spanish soil and letting the spaniards spend their own money and time to document , treat and repatriate them . 
  third and finally , spain was swamped by illegal immigrants 15 years ago , though not on the levels of greece and italy now thankfully , and nor britain nor the european union ever gave a shit about it . 
  it fell to spain to invest in extra patrols , extra border security and signing deals with the nations of origin . 
  i 'm disappointed you could only cram 3 out of 4 common gibraltar fallacies in your post . 
  next time , have the presence of mind of also including the claim that britain is in gibraltar to protect spain from al-qaeda . 
  thank you . 
   overwhelmingly against spain . 
  overhelmingly for leeching off spain and behaving like consented brats who run under britain 's skirts when they are caught . 
  does greenland have its own team or is it showing denmark 's color ? 
  the funny thing is that during the cordoban caliphate northern morocco was run from spain and not the opposite . 
  ... that time they almost got a boat of african illegal immigrants and the rn kindly escorted them to land in spain instead ... 
  and here i thought it was something post-arab spring . 
  1 of those was italian actually . 
  well , look why the death penalty was abolished in the uk in the first place . 
  it was because a highly charismatic psychopath framed an innocent man for his own crimes and got him executed . 
  it was a non-issue until some conservative politician ( was it gove ? ), 
  picked it out of nowhere and made it a symbol of the leave campaign . 
  he said that the uk switching from dark blue to dark red like all the other eu countries was a sign of submission and that it would be the first thing to change after the uk was out of the eu . 
  the pro-leave press echo chamber did the rest , and now the color of the passports is an issue in itself , apparently .
