my guess is that beer is a drug and wine is not . 
  now you understand why germany has so few tourists ( does it not ? 
  he is a terrestrial 's idea of what an extraterrestrial looks like . 
  it may sounds weird - i could say sad - but in practice , you do n't become a state leader because you are a good diplomat . 
  house with a gargoyle ? 
  need !, 
   fvck yes ` fvq iies ' seems better, 
  british gov and its diplomatic skills . 
  in france we just say no , like we did last time . 
  this is missing some data-czech . 
  looks like a potato . 
  a hairy one . 
  it does n't take into account that germans drink a lot of bubbly water . 
  hence the bottles . 
  but it 's unrelated to tap/bottle preference . 
  now is not the time to get your ships stolen too then , 
  now is the time to not mix the israeli people and their government . 
  their government failed hard at doing anything really positive afaik ( recently ? ) . 
  not saying palestine govt is clean , but that 's besides the point . 
  well , france has been one of the most centralized country for a long time . 
  it 's only recently - early 90 's - that other cities started to develop a real international stature . 
  https://www.quora.com/why-is-france-very-paris-centric https://decasia.org/academic_culture/2010/01/08/geographic-centralization-of-french-universities/ i could add the map of railways to that . 
  is propaganda going out of control ? 
   not sure how much we can say whilst we 're still in the process of leaving the eu . 
  now that you mention it , it 's true there is this point . 
  definitely a hard thing to planify . 
  is there a `` toboggan '' at the front :d ? 
  ( a slope , a slide ... or something ), 
  nissan is still on the ` stay ' list as far as i heard , but uk-gov should really communicate more on their objectives . 
  title should be : `` ironic : more than 40 convicted terrorists have used human rights laws to remain in uk '', 
   for a long time , employers had a policy of if you do n't like what i offer then leave , there are 5 more waiting in line for this position , which is not true anymore . 
  that 's nice too hear , i see big eu companies investing more and more in e-eu / turkey / n-africa and it really seems like every country involved is benefiting from it . 
  i do believe this cultural mix we have in the area is making us more complementary than estranged . 
  as far as i see it the ` raising wages ' argument is about pushing homogeneity in order to replace a system where eastern europeans go to the west to ` earn more ' -  ` bring more back home ' by a system where eastern european can have a ` western level of life ' at home . 
  moving from one country to another should be motivated by professional opportunity and not because of financial reasons imho . 
  why do eastern europeans consider raising wages as a bad thing ? 
  not to mention the weight of history and regional culture that made acquiring new land a very complicated endeavor . 
  you 'd be surprise how france is an exception in europe to have shutters at almost every window . 
  i am a bit generalizing but for instance in germany , i lived in a street with no house equiped with shutters . 
  i imply it 's a one-man stupidity that is reported here , not british stupidity . 
  so no , british people ca n't be that stupid on average . 
  the title clearly tries to stigmatize imho , in the context of brexit and stuff . ^ plz ^ do n't ^ tell ^ my ^ co-citizens ^ i ^ said ^ something ^ gud ^ about ^ brits . 
  it really boggles my mind that anyone would go that much out of their way to do something that stupid . 
  i also do n't like the fact that him being british is emphasized in the title . 
  not surprising ; many countries probably forgot they 're part of the commonwealth . 
  i see this vote as a question that was asked ( with an answer requested ) to people not having all the information / or the capability to encompass the ramifications . 
  normally when you ask a complex question , you can expect ' i do n't know/understand ' . 
  when this question is a vote , not taking a side is a commitment already , and not voting is frown upon . 
   their own little system fits best, 
  well . 
  we have history too . 
  they control the spice . 
  nowhere shittier than trappes . 
  do n't argue with our cheeses , they 're all perfect !, 
  ( now you 've had an argument about your argument about cheese , you know we can keep that up for hundred years if need be ), 
  united kingdom of belgium ? 
  i want to see that , even if i know i wo n't be able to figure it out . 
   basically crucified . 
  ftfy, 
  not to mention that poland has a habit of buying american fighters - f16 mainly ; and while everybody respects that ( with russia and stuff ) , it still does n't show a lot of confidence/commitment to the european effort on some level . 
  yes , the first thing people outside of eurozone have to understand is that it all works on compromises . 
  that 's the only way to live in peace between neighbours of different culture . 
  i do n't think we could have afforded 5 years of nonsense with lepen . 
  previous government did damage ( or didn t advert ) just because of its slowness to move any reform . 
  the only person having really pushed something is the former economy minister -  mr m. 
  this whole eurasian cooperation ( china and india mainly ) feels really good . 
  hope to see it growing positively in the future . 
  everyday food in spain is much cheaper ( up to 50 % for tomatoes for instance ) . 
  - source : french living in spain . 
  i always considered him germanish ^ but ^ aix-la-chappelle ^ should ^ be ^ french, 
  first things first : did someone check that he can actually read ( and i mean : remembering the end of an average sentence once he finished reading it ) . 
  or he was n't wrong in the sense there are no really civilized countries . 
  i expected as much from a country surrounded by beer . 
  just popping in to say you forgot the area of lille in the north of france , which is not the most populated city by far , but is the most dense metropolis of france ( very tight urban area ) . 
  do n't watch too much tv , but when i do it s essentially arte or france24, 
  definitely more charming , cheaper and more useful than a wall . 
  trad : i still have to figure out the difference between alsacian and normand traditional houses . 
  this is what to be expected courting latin women  ( latin here obviously ) . 
  edit : wait , she 's english living in italy ? 
  this case has to be reviewed then . 
  us could erase national debt selling calendars ` trump x worldleaders ', 
  it 's a saying : democracy is tyranny by numbers ( extremely rough translation from this in french : ` la democratie est la tyrannie du nombre ' ) . 
  before christ ? 
  yes but social security seems more profitable that way than the other way round . 
  he has been one of the most positive force regarding french culture and administration . 
  then we were copied , 
  and the other topic with brexit is about transparency . 
  this is a worrying trend . 
  i ca n't figure out what happened in january 2016 ? 
  rather a carolus magnus . 
  but my red , white and blue heart is warm after this strip . 
  exactly , our elders are ` gaullistes ' in general , which is ` against extremes ' before anything . 
  i do n't see jonathan pie safely on his bridge ? 
  oh yes we remember that . 
  all that good french wine that was sent to feed the alligators in the sewers . 
  french here : good translation for macron 's point with legitimate reformulation ( for the minute i heard ) . 
  i am listening to le pen 's translation but it seems the translator is missing some bits of sentence . 
  but it s a bit hard to follow . 
  she followed trump 's art of the deal . 
  lafarge ( a swiss-french concrete manufacturer : the same one who , the other day , was saying he would agree to build trump 's wall ) has allegedly struck a deal with isis to be able to pursue its activity in syria without being annoyed =  a guy from the fn was leading the deal .
