   i can try to find good opinion pieces on the internet , but the ones i 'm familiar with were danish and printed in newspapers . 
  we do n't need a well thought out opinion or argument , just ** an assertion of any kind at all ** . 
  you ca n't say `` i should think most people would at least understand where the anti-prostitution side is coming from ... '' and then leave us hanging . 
   as for criminality causing trafficking , that is demonstrably false . 
  prostitution is legal in denmark , but we still have problems with sex trafficking . 
  all countries have problems with sex trafficking , if something is demonstrable , then what 's the problem with demonstrating it ? 
   i 'm at a loss to explain why trafficking persists when voluntary prostitution is legal , but those are the facts : - / you seem to be at a loss to cite your facts too ? 
   really ? 
  because it 's a pretty complicated issue when you get right down to it , and i should think most people would at least understand where the anti-prostitution side is coming from . 
  you say that but then you completely fail to give a single example of where they 're coming from ? 
   i suppose if you take it completely in isolation , prostitution is fairly harmless if organised correctly so the workers can get proper health checks , safer places to work out of , etc. 
  but the whole sex trafficking thing really complicates things . 
  all of this makes perfect sense but you seem to miss that it 's the * illegality * that causes the trafficking . 
  hmm ... still not convinced . 
  do you really believe that events within the last meagre 90 years somehow influences * genetics * and this trumps the barbarism of hundreds of years more ... 
  lets assume you just meant * national psyche * instead of genetics . 
  by the same token then , would you also then claim that most of the world are wary of britain because of its barbarous past ( that being far more than germany over much longer a period ) . 
  it 's some kind of woo that i ca n't get my head around . 
  hoping you meant genetics in the loosest possible sense and even then , still hope you are vaguely familiar with history . 
  i see you 're being downvoted here and i don ; t think it 's fair , so i 'm upvoting you . 
  however trying to find such specific citations is n't the easiest thing to do . 
  i have made a bold claim that there 'll be something on tomorrow 's hignfy though , it 's the best i can do without trawling through youtube vids . 
   a * genetic * british predisposition to be weary of germany . 
  really ? 
  * germany 's * aggressive past ? 
  holy shit , is this parody ? 
  oh now you made me google ; [ here 's one ] ( http://andrewjburgess-eu.blogspot.com/2010/04/have-i-got-news-for-you-nigel-farage.html ) [ here 's another ] ( http://www.islamophobia-watch.com/islamophobia-watch/2011/6/7/mpac-complains-about-hignfy-joke.html ) . 
  but i guess there 'll never be enough citations and they 'll never be good enough anyway for whatever reasons you like . 
  give it a rest . 
  you claimed one thing and provided evidence for a completely different supposition . 
  do n't blame me because you ca n't provide a coherent argument backing your claims , and i read into what you did write the most natural explanation for the misunderstanding . 
  well , i did n't provide evidence at all . 
  you mistook my next sentences as providing evidence for the first . 
  tell you what , don ; t bother taking my word for it , watch `` have i got news for you ? '', 
  tomorrow night or and listen to the insecure populist bigotry that i can easily gamble right now will present itself . 
  you accused your compatriot above of embarrassing you , the tired routines of these bored comedians do far worse to embarrass you that any web post could ever do . 
   further , jeremy clarkson . 
  it was paxman i said , not clarkson but he 'll do just aswell . 
   his whole schtick is sailing close to the wind with the white van man act . 
  it 's like judging dutch politics based on the rantings of geert wilders . 
  the difference is that wilders does n't have his own hugely popular tv show . 
  agreed , very well put . 
  there 's nothing here i can disagree with , i admit my claim of germany being the greatest contributor is only my supposition and is not based in anything empirical . 
  i 'm really just reflexively responding to the crsp guy . 
   you hint at racism and then give examples of european policies being ridiculed . 
  that is n't racism . 
  i gave no examples of the racism , * perhaps * racism is n't the right word , would general bigotry suffice ? 
  either way , i 'm confident that you know exactly what i mean without requiring examples , such is the pervasive extent of the matter . 
  the ` tar all with the same brush ' remarks are sadly not even limited to comedy , jeremy paxman was on newsnight a few days ago asking `` why are the greeks such crooks ? 
  '' , i kid you not . 
  this is supposed to be an intelligent and unbiased interview programme . 
   we have a fantastic tradition in this country ... ... and there we have a prime example of insular navel gazing boilerplate that so many nationalistic statements begin with ... the delusion that you are unique in criticising your government 's policies . 
  yes but as i said , this is incidental , there was no master plan that was in place to profit from this situation when it happened . 
  borrowing rates are low for germany and rightly so . 
   it has become very profitable for this strongest of economies to profit from the current eu ruling chaos and ratings insanity . 
  it 's arguablt that the word `` profit '' is being misused too , especially since they are now the greated contributor to the payments of other country 's debts . 
  there is hardly any profit in this for germany . 
  irrelevant as it is , germany is profiting incidentally through this crisis as a result of sound fiscal policy throughout the last decade and more . 
  i get terrestrial bbc here in the netherlands and i enjoy the friday night comedy shows but the amount or naked racism towards most any mainland european country is incredible . 
  the eu and any policies of the ec are constantly the subject of populist and nationalist mockery . 
  `` brussels '' is the synecdoche that encompasses everything from `` over there with their clogs and cucumber straighteners '' . 
  the word `` idiot '' was originally coined , interestingly enough , in athens to describe those who were self-orientated and did n't contribute to larger society . 
  there were citizens and idiots . 
  the nationalism in the uk is incredibly pronounced , there is never any admission of shame for historical atrocities , because , well it was a different time , while at the same time pride is hypocritically derived from the smallest of ancient triumphs . 
  ah good , that 's okay then . 
  phew , for a minute there i was mildly concerned . 
  i 've seen that corruption * perception * index chart and am very skeptical about its methodology . 
  the most recent ( and already forgotten ) case of corruption in ireland was regarding the awarding of a mobile phone license to [ a man ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/denis_o'brien#involvement_in_the_moriarty_tribunal ) with very close links to the then , minister for communications , [ michael lowry ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/michael_lowry#investigation_by_moriarty_tribunal ) . 
  the license was worth en estimated 2bn + . 
  the tribunal that finished recently concluded that indeed the minister and the recipient were corrupt and the license was awarded unlawfully . 
  no attempt has been made to prosecute either crooks by the current government . 
   sad to hear its the same in ireland !, 
  well it 's not the same , just similar and to a smaller extent . 
   thanks for the insight !, 
  but , well , the question is : what to do about it ? 
  do you have friends that think similar ? 
  yes and no , there are many who would disagree with all i 've said above . 
  this type of argument has been played out a few times on r/ireland . 
  there are those who believe that a strain of negativity and pessimism ( such as i would be accused of ) affects many and what 's needed is optimism , generally ( in my opinion ) this opinion is accompanied by a denial of corruption , or rather , a claim that similar levels of corruption exist elsewhere and that there is nothing unusual in the political corruption in ireland . 
   because then , since you seem passionate about it , its maybe time to act yourself and either found something new or join something that might shatter the old ... 
  i left ireland ten years ago for reasons i could n't articulate then , a few years ago i wanted to return but no longer . 
   the elites are crusted and inbred and do n't care about the people - they do n't know what real life is like ( and probably i do n't even know ) - but they nonetheless feel entitled to do what they want and exploit the system wherever they can . 
  i could n't agree more but some countries suffer from the results of this to very different extents , i did n't realise it was bad in germany . 
   i guess in germany its not that bad yet - but what i know for sure is : if we do n't do something it will be soon !, 
  it 's the political apathy that has brought ireland to where it is . 
  the sources of that apathy are debatable but for myself i doubt they are to be found in many other places . 
  i think it was caused by ireland 's traumatic history . 
  edit : punctuation . 
  may i just say that i 'm irish and i completely agree with your point of view and find it casts just as applicably to ireland , although i hasten to add , to a lesser extent . 
  these parts resonate :  you chose the elites who already before the elections promised to betray you the most ... the elites who allowed corruption and wastage of money . 
  the elites who promised to lower taxes and make everything even easier . 
  and then you voted the same party in again under a different name after their failure was apparent . 
  although in fairness , there were no other options . 
   your country 's problem is not one of politics . 
  you country 's problem is one of values and ethics . 
  the lack of any sort of political dialogue in the national psyche resulted in the same incompetent leadership that doomed greece . 
  for the most part , irish people view politics and having political opinions distasteful , probably because of the troubles in northern ireland etc. 
  this had resulted in a very attenuated political landscape where all parties are indiscernible from each other . 
  the recently elected fine gael party has continued the policies of the ousted fianna f\u00e1il pretty much to the letter . 
  for the moment people are expecting hat something different is going to happen .
