  would someone be running 100m in 9.6 s without intense competition ? 
  would we have just landed a 3 tonne mobile laboratory on mars from a space crane without the cold war rivalry ? 
  no , we would n't . 
  competition drives us forward . 
  it obviously does have negative aspects , yes , but the potential for excellence that it provides is overwhelming . 
  competition is a core feature of human regression . 
  would someone be gunning down millions without unhealthy competition ? 
  would we have dropped a 10 tonne atom bomb on nagasaki from a bomber without the cold war rivalry ? 
  no , we would n't . 
  unhealthy rivalry drives us backward . 
   it obviously does have negative aspects , yes , but the potential for excellence that it provides is overwhelming . 
  so , you agree with us after all ? 
  there are negative aspects ? 
  jesus , then why did you write all of that ? 
  there 's healthy competition and unhealthy competition . 
  this distinction is sometimes hard to draw except in hindsight . 
  not all competition brings positive outcomes . 
  it 's becoming more prevalent . 
  agred . 
  clearly the map is not at a fine enough scale . 
  really ? 
  i would have said northern and southern ... 
  just to clarify that a little , according to the united nations conventions , there is no distinction between the terms racial discrimination and ethnicity discrimination . 
  what is an ethnic group ? 
  well if a group of people are observably different as a distinguishable as a group then they are one . 
  be it something as simple as carneys or travellers/gypsies etc. 
  it 's not just `` national membership '' as you put it . 
  what is a race anyway ? 
  i 'm `` white '' and from ireland , am i the same `` race '' as some dude from gdansk ? 
  in some people 's eyes , yes i am . 
  but that 's too easy . 
  ethnicity 's the thing . 
  edit : put even simpler , judging as a group is the thing . 
   as with most regulation , it pushes the small entrepreneur out of business and then the big ones form an oligopoly . 
  not good . 
  due to the ubiquity of small entrepreneurs running restaurants here in the netherlands aswell as in my native country , i have reason to doubt this . 
  ah , this wikipedia article did n't mention europe at all . 
  but seriously , what 's wrong with any of this ? 
  hygiene is good , i 'm glad and relieved that these regulations exist . 
  why is this * over * - regulation ? 
  all of humanity 's achievements have come about through greater cooperation . 
  i think nationalism causes a lot of problems in the world and eu membership acts as a curb on it . 
  also i find anti-eu arguments and talking points to be entirely implausible and generally made up by tabloid newspapers with appeals to base instincts . 
  good !, 
  but ... that 's american ... ? 
  there 's also the tax to consider . 
   just one more thing : the casualties of holodomor are direct effect of nationalization and collectivization of russian and ukrainian farms . 
  this is n't about authoritarianism . 
  this blood is on communist ambitions alone . 
  read some testimonies , it was monstrous . 
  thanks , i 'll read up , i 've never heard of it up to now as far as i know . 
   it depends how to you measure state 's success . 
  exactly . 
  i 'm just saying that it `` worked '' for decades in that it existed . 
  if you read what i was responding to , that 's all i was saying . 
  either you will now mention several million people that died directly because of us president politics , or you have to withdraw your statement . 
  well that 's easy !, 
  in the last few years alone over a million people lost their lives in iraq for absolutely no good reason whatsoever ... good lord , i could go on and on with this ... vietnam ... can we even mention that the us is the world 's largest prison state ? 
  really it 's shooting fish in a barrel listing the millions of deaths caused directly or indirectly by the us . 
  i think you 've lost the thread a bit and are bringing us off on a tangent . 
  we were talking about communism and the guy above said it was an absolute failure ... and gives the example of the ussr . 
  can i say now to you that capitalism has been an absolute failure by pointing to nigeria ? 
  of course not . 
  i 'm not defending the ussr 's history as i 'm sure you 're not the us 's or nigeria 's . 
   they just murdered their own population because ` communism ' . 
  well that 's not really a statement that can be taken seriously . 
  authoritarian despotism murdered them , you can have that anywhere . 
  well you could say pretty much exactly the same thing about the us to be fair , it 's not a communism-specific thing . 
  by `` just fine '' i did n't mean it was n't a horrible repressive regime , i just meant that it managed to survive for over 60 years , that 's not an absolute failure . 
   if you look at communism , it was an absolute failure , at least on the scale of the ussr . 
  we 've been using capitalism since the collapse of feudalism , and it has n't fucked up significantly since then . 
   and it has n't fucked up significantly since then . 
   and it has n't fucked up significantly since then . 
  you 're not really being credible here . 
  i 'm no expert or anything but the ussr existed just fine for decades . 
  every capitalist state i know of requires a permanent underclass of poverty stricken peasants and still fails catastrophically with clockwork regularity . 
   my main issue is we 've tied quality of life to money . 
  huh ? 
  is n't that the communist 's main issue ? 
  go on ... 
   as long as people are people , communism ( or libertarianism , to keep the comparison going ) will not work . 
  ever . 
  just to point out that we can say the same thing about modern capitalism today . 
  never heard of this , could you give us some linkage or a brief description ? 
  in english preferably or a google translate ? 
  thanks and i 'm sorry i was blunt . 
  i think my only opinion of prostitution was that i think it 's going to happen and can be safer for all involved if it 's legalised . 
  i 've never heard a good argument against this until i read your point that it may increase trafficking and slavery . 
  i was intrigued but annoyed that there was a claim seemingly without support . 
  you 're right it 's late and i 'm being impatient and narky . 
  good night !, 
  my attitude ? 
  weird . 
  okay fine , say whatever you like and never expect to have to back it up . 
  thanks for the downvotes too , very adult of you . 
  if i understand you correctly , the anti-prostitution side is coming from the point of view that legalisation of prostitution increases sex trafficking ? 
  is that your contention ? 
  sorry if i 've misunderstood but it 's hard to infer when you 're speaking so obliquely . 
   like i said , i do n't want to misrepresent their arguments . 
  but , you did n't say this ?
