  the issue is the price . 
  as the city centers are already heavily built-up prices are sky high . 
  suburbs are a lot more affordable and housing construction there is the predominant as opposed to business construction in the center . 
  in sofia the difference is not that prominent but even so people are still selling their apartments in the center and relocating in much bigger apartments in the suburbs . 
  i was travelling to italy through croatia and stopped at zagreb . 
  i have n't seen a more vivid and vibrant atmosphere . 
  like people were happy not the constant depression i see in bulgaria . 
  anyway i did n't have the chance to properly explore the city but i am certainly planning another visit . 
  yep . 
  if you ask bulgarians the same question 80 % will say that macedonia has and always will be bulgarian . 
  however if you phrase the question as : `` do you bulgaria should expand into neighbouring countries ? '', 
  or something like that only nationalistic neo-nacist wannabe skinheads will agree . 
  bulgarians for the most part have let macedonia go and i think it 's for the better, 
  really , in bulgaria when you set a meeting with a fellow countryman at 10:00 nobody arrives before 10:30 . 
  comfortable - no . 
  life - yes . 
  there recently was a post that showed the difference between the post-communist transition in bulgaria and the crisis in greece . 
  and let me tell you the graphs for bulgaria dipped a lot lower , much quicker . 
  people can live on much less than greece . 
  however the big difference is mentality . 
  greeks were so much better than us and the romanians and now the gap is quickly closing . 
  naturally greek people want things to improve and even be better than before . 
  whereas bulgarians are used to misery and unhappiness . 
  if you ask a bulgarian whether things will improve in the future 90 % will tell it the situation will be worse . 
  the main difference between greeks and bulgarians is that greeks feel that things should be better , that they deserve better . 
  bulgarians do n't expect anything they are used to the reality of misery . . 
  although bulgaria is quickly improving there has n't been a change in mentality . 
  we bulgarians are so pessimistic you would n't believe it . . 
  well my country ( bulgaria ) and the usa have a huge gdp per capita gap . 
  in bulgaria nominal gdp per capita for 2015 is 8k usd while in usa it 's 55k . 
  so the average american should expect to be payed approximately 7 times more . 
  however in my city the average wage is 300-350 usd . 
  so your wage is 15-20 times more not 7 . 
  and the cost of many things is not much lower , like u/yepjustlooking only rent is vastly more expensive . 
  however a lot of bulgarians have to pay nearly their entire wage for rent ... now i wo n't pretend money is the only problem but it is the main reason bulgaria is one of the unhappiest countries ... 
  what are the chances of greece staying in the eurozone ? 
  likely/unlikely ? 
  geographically speaking continents are hard and tricky to define . 
  there could be 3,4,5,6,7 continents based on where you studied and were born . 
  however nobody would argue that the border between asia and europe should be at the bosphorus strait and not some imaginary line in the strandzha mountains . 
  invading ukraine has n't done wonders for the already suffering russian popularity . 
  i realize that the russian people themselves had nothing to do with that but a lot of individuals still think government = people . 
  all erdogan sees in those 2m refugees are potential voters . 
  he does n't care about the immigrants nor does he care for the turkish people that will suffer the consequences of that many immigrants . 
  ohh but it has . 
  before the west bank wall was erected there were suicide bombers practically everyday . 
  the wall was created mainly for preventing these sort of attacks on civilians and while it has done a lot of harm it has achieved it 's purpose . 
  suicide bombers practically disappeared since 2006/2007 . 
  i think the news in the biggest media groups are pretty unbiased and there is n't a culture of a specific media supporting political parties . 
  however the media is extremely sensationalist . 
  they try to spin a grabbing title of the dumbest things . 
  what is more reporters have become extremely aggressive in pursuing the best stories to the point of invading privacy and using misleading statistics and contraversial sources and information . 
  i think that over time the situation will even worsen as their viewership dwindles . 
  another problem is that the media is covering minor local news lavishly and international problems are only mentioned . 
  however you ca n't blame them for catering to their viewership . 
  young people are increasingly getting their news from other sources ( mainly internet ) but tv is still very dominant . 
  all in all the quality is not top notch but it still very tolerable and the tv news are still a great source of information with little to no bias . 
  i ca n't speak about censorship but there is n't a lot of that either . 
  i will give my opinion . 
  i think the islam that turkey practices and the islam saudi arabia practices are so far apart that they might as well be different religions so this answer is obviously very general and might not be true for even the majority of muslims . 
  i do believe islam can coexist peacefully with european cultures and religions however for that to be possible you have to make islam the non-defining characteristic . 
  for example i am sure i have n't said the word `` christianity '' or `` christian '' more than 10-20 times in my entire life and i have never asked other people what is their religion . 
  these characteristics are secondary to literally every other . 
  i believe europeans will be far more tolerant if muslims did n't express their religion so openly and proudly which imo is very improbable . 
  i hope in time we will see a change in the attitude of immigrants , but the last several decades have seen politicization of islam and widespread opposition to the west so it 's a very hopeful prospect indeed . 
  in regards to the own minority of muslims we have in bulgaria they are very integrated and they are a non-issue in bulgaria . 
  however syrian refuges are not seen very positively . 
  free speech is good . 
  i have a question though . 
  imagine it was a newspaper in your country that portrayed jesus in an offensive way or any other religion other than islam would people react the same way . 
  would they react the same way if it was muhammad ? 
  i seriously doubt it . 
  you are correct , while a lot of european currencies tend to value and devalue with the euro , the only european countries with a hard peg to the euro are bulgaria and bih . 
  denmark has a semi-hard peg through erm . 
  so in bulgaria ( and eastern europe in general i think ) obesity is a rising problem . 
  firstly in bulgaria the poor people are normal weight while richer ones are overweight while in western europe it 's the opposite . 
  here there is a huge age discrepancy . 
  like everyone in the 18-30 age group is normal weight and in decent shape . 
  in my university only 4-5 people are overweight from the 200-300 in my year . 
  while older people are 30-40 % overweight . 
  however there is a huge obesity problem with kids . 
  i have n't seen a lot of children with normal weight . 
  and bulgarian culture is encouraging it . 
  older ladies often say that a plump kid is a healthy kid and you ca n't go further from the truth than that . 
  i think child obesity is a huge problem with grave consequences and i encourage any and all measures to combat it . 
  obesity is a major heath concern . 
  hdp is getting artificial levels of support from secular/chp voters . 
  it is still in their interest to lower the threshold . 
  while i still think it will most likely be akp-mhp the mhp has said that the party will not be forming a coalition with akp . 
  you think that was purely for voter support ? 
  10/10 for making me reply . 
  turkey has more population on europe than half of the european countries , has been integral to european history for centuries and is a western country ( it certainly has shown that with this election ) . 
  balkan cultures share a lot with the turkish one and we have so many loan words from the turkish language . 
  however if for you the fact that turkey is a muslim country is such a red flag well ... there will always be intolerant people in this world . 
  but seriously i am so happy that the turkish people are being reasonable and seeing the direction erdogan is taking them in . 
  if the results hold up i will be celebrating . 
  currently , yes , though that can change in the future . 
  thank you hungary !, 
  actually our pm boyko borissov prides himself on successful absorption of eu money . 
  however it is sad that the best my country can do is absorb subsidies :(,
