i am pretty certain turkish funded mosques do n't preach the ultra conservative variant that saudi mosques do . 
  and is it common or even allowed in turkey to ban the call to prayer in the early hours of the morning , because i 'm sure germany will ban it . 
  we are certainly more genetically similar to other slavic nations and turkey . 
  and i do n't think it 's taboo to say it . 
  practically everyone knows it even those that deny it . 
  never underestimate the stupidity of people . 
  in my experience the more northern the country the more people dislike being actively encouraged to buy wares no matter the way they are presented . 
  i have been to istanbul and have never experienced shirt pulling . 
  but price negotiating is so deeply ingrained on the culture that if you do n't negotiate the merchant will be offended . 
  and understandably some people do n't like that . 
  however i have never got the sense that i was a money bag and every single waiter was unimaginably polite and thanking . 
  however i speak some turkish and people might not see me as a simple tourist . 
  my girlfriend and i have never been overtly stared at or felt anything close to a disgust from turks and have not had problems with her not wearing hijab . 
  i was impressed at the wonderful building spree that istanbul is feeling and i saw some of the most beautiful buildings i have ever seen in istanbul . 
  so yeah just wanted to share my experience since everyone is doing it . 
  all in all loved it . 
  wow he was a great prophet as well as a dictator . 
  and now libya is in a state of disarray and civil war . 
  who do we blame for this terrible outcome ? 
  i did n't have a lot of time to explore but it 's a lovely city . 
  it sits on a lone hill with a breathtaking view to the lower plains of italy . 
  the city has a lot of ancient architecture and castle but that 's not really my thing so i only briefly visited them . 
  what left the biggest impression in my was the view , the plains mostly but also the city itself . 
  it looks quite good with such steep hills . 
  if you are with a car , do n't worry about the quality of the road it was very satisfactory but parking is a bit tricky . 
  also i visited in summer so it was full of tourist and picture taking everywhere . 
  * bulgaria * greece ( holiday ) * serbia ( passing ) * croatia ( only zagreb ) * slovenia ( passing ) * italy ( venice and brief work in northeast italy ) * san marino ( brief visit ) * turkey ( holiday ) * uk ( london , brief visit wish i stayed more ) total = 9 ( probably more than average for bulgaria ), 
  the eu would n't be so stupid as to fuck london 's finance industry as it is the largest market for even euro-related stuff and changing its location to somewhere in europe ( frankfurt probably ... ) will be incredibly unsustainable and will spur a lot of discontent . 
  merkel is not going to fuck germany 's reputation that much . 
  the common agricultural market is incredibly stupid and should be reworked in my opinion . 
  french farmers , which are heavily subsidized , should not be able to compete in bulgaria with native bulgarian production which is 2000km away with wages 5 times lower and much better soil ... 
  the fishing common policy is in the same state of idiocy . 
  so there is good and also there is bad in the common market . 
  i would like to think cameron will be able to get europe to talk about these problems and eventually reform them but it 's probably my optimism talking . 
  and we have n't even hit glorious q3 . 
  i hope it 's finally recovery and growth time . 
  is it true that portuguese people understand spanish speakers easier than the other way around ? 
  and to what extend is there mutual intelligibility ? 
  e.g there is basically no significant difference in macedonian and bulgarian expect a few vocabulary changes but even without mutual intelligibility i can still have a grasp of what a serbian person is saying . 
  i have seen the pitiful state of the hospitals of regional cities in bulgaria ( i imagine it is the same in romania ) and the need for new equipment is dire . 
  however even if you had the money to modernize the equipment it would be so much better to actually pay the doctors for the minimum 60 + hours of hard and extremely responsible work they do . 
  the few doctors who are capable of performing life-saving operations are all in their 60s and even 70s and when they die even cities such as plovdiv ( 350k pop ) will have to import specialists from sofia . 
  equipment can be bought but people can not . 
  younger generations have no desire to work in a toxic environment where older patients do n't take their meds and refuse operations and when they inevitably die it is blamed on the sleep-deprived doctors who have to work double-shifts because the emergency and first-admission rooms are so understaffed . 
  and that is without taking into account that they are even not payed for the extra hours they work , on top of the already pitiful average 400euro salaries they get . 
  some people say that medical universities are all full and the admission is always the hardest out of any other and they say there will always be doctors . 
  but they do n't understand that those students are not studying for the 500 eur that bulgaria offers . 
   90 % of medical graduates leave and the effects are already felt . 
  i mean who in their right mind would study 7 years for a meager 500eur they can get without education ... nobody . 
  i 'm sorry if this sounds like a rant and i 'm not really replying to u/zoorope anymore but all i see in bulgarian news are stories about doctors who fucked up an operation or doctors taking funds from the hospital or using other clinical paths , when they do n't understand the underlying reasons . 
  i have not seen a positive news in so long ... and do n't even get me started on the fucking bureaucracy . 
  uk is only going to get stronger though and it has a much stronger cultural influence than both france and germany ( mainly because it is an english-speaking country ) . 
  if the uk does n't vote to exit the eu i presume they would take a bigger leading role than now , with or without the euro . 
  although it is floating it is always very close to the euro . 
  the vast majority of time 1 eur \u2248 9 sek . 
  even in extreme circumstances the rate does n't change by more than 10-20 % . 
  the same is true for other major european currencies ( besides the ruble ) . 
  i would like more skyscrapers . 
  the ones in london are a sight to behold . 
  however i do n't know if there is enough demand for them and space , as they tend to be in the city center . 
  it really feels that way . 
  i think a lot of people would be very against the idea of extensive welfare states and extremely high taxes ( i assume that 's the approach nordics would prefer ) . 
  it would surely be much better than now but there would still be much dissatisfaction and so no not everyone will be happy . 
  ignoring that it was an obvious sarcasm/joke ofc . 
  there are alternatives to oil and when the price of oil gets high enough those alternatives will see huge development . 
  that being said oil prices are projected to fall again ... 
  the only private university i can think of in sofia is new bulgarian university , which is notorious for letting students pass exams who should n't have passed them because they pay relatively huge ( in comparison to public universities ) fees . 
  so they let them pay another year . 
  the problem you described was very prevalent in the 90s but i think it is now relatively solved . 
  it is a requirement that the exam commission is made of 2 or more randomly selected people so the change of bribe is significantly lower and you have to bribe more people . 
  however to what extent the rule is followed in universities not in sofia i do n't know . 
  this does n't happen ever . 
  there are numerous clauses that state that if a student proposes money for exams or other evaluations there are severe consequences . 
  and those are strictly enforced . 
  either your cousin is studying at the shittiest university in bulgaria or is lying to you . 
  as for his comment it is actually the other way around . 
  a lot of small towns and villages around the border depend heavily on greece . 
  there are a lot of people that regularly travel and work in greece because wages are so much higher . 
  those people worried that if greece defaulted they would be basically fucked . 
  both us and bosnia were pegged 1 to 1 to the deutsche mark so that 1 bgn = 1 dem and when germany switched to the euro they valued it at 1 eur = 1.95 ... dem so that is where the bizarre exchange rate is from as far as i know . 
  dear slovakia , we need them more !, 
  i am in slightly in favour of political union and it would obviously benefit bulgaria as it would be a huge net receiver of money . 
  in such a case there should n't be any fiscal sovereignty on the part of bulgaria . 
  however this is not what is happening here . 
  greece is asked to give up its sovereignty but greek people can not choose the people that they gave that sovereignty to . 
  you can see how such an arrangement can be a very unattractive option . 
  they are giving their future to someone who might not hold their best interests at heart but also someone who they can not punish in case he fails . 
  edit : upon closer inspection this is precisely what you said ... 
  i feel stupid for writing this comment . 
  i get the feeling that some of those countries went to the meeting not to discuss the greek problem but to basically force greece out of the eurozone . 
  is this the eu we want to build . 
  one with no solidarity , no compromise ... for the longest time i was on the side of the creditors but maybe i was wrong ... 
  this is so cool . 
  sadly we do n't have any building of such height in bulgaria although there are some projects . 
  do you have a picture from the bottom of the street looking to the sky ? 
  something like this : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4a/equitable_building.jpg, 
  i have none :(, 
  it might be because i am not all that well familiar with black culture in america as i thought . 
  in bulgaria employed roma people are not much poorer than employed bulgarians ( bulgaria in general is very poor ) and there certainly is n't any state based discrimination , although roma people have bad reputation among ethnic bulgarians . 
  however nobody would treat them differently because they are roma .
