  the statistic you want is support for the euro . 
  for that statistic the percentages are : country / for / against romania / 68 / 26 croatia / 53 / 43 hungary / 60 / 35 bulgaria / 55 / 39 poland / 44 / 53 sweden / 32 / 64 czech rep / 29 / 70 it is pretty much the same with the notable difference of bulgaria and poland ( 10 % ) . 
  my source was [ this ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/flash/fl_418_en.pdf ), 
  he is comparing him to putin and his  90 % victories and stating that turkey is a dictatorship or that 's what i understand from his comment . 
  no he is not . 
  this referendum represents everything that is wrong with referendums . 
  first there was virtually no discussion in the media or anywhere else for that matter , i have n't heard anyone discuss it in person . 
  also the questions are the sort of questions on which you make `` feel-good decisions '' . 
  reducing subsidies for political parties , which people read as `` less money for politicians is better '' and first past the post `` better voting system '' are the sort of things which sound good to a person but are connected with extremely complex underlying principles and are not as clear cut as they sound . 
  the referendum was pushed by the biggest media personality in bulgaria which has a fame of `` exposing corruption '' although he does no such thing , and a lot of people were influenced by this . 
  in reality he was serving his own interests and if the referendum passes it will make it easier for him to influence elections . 
  coupled with the fact that there is a lot of political dissatisfaction in bulgaria people vote contrary to things pushed by politicians and in favour of new things , which they think will bring change . 
  and they are right this will bring changes but not the type they want to see . 
  and do n't take the results of supermajority so seriously , i deliberately did n't vote in the referendum to make it fail and i am sure a lot of other people did that too , it 's just that this election had an unprecedented turnout and as a result this political farce may pass . 
  i thought the referendum had to have 51 % or something similar turnout to be accepted . 
  i hope to god it 's invalid . 
  [ page 7 in the pdf , page 1 in the document ] ( https://esa.un.org/unpd/wpp/publications/files/key_findings_wpp_2015.pdf ) it is divided by continents but everyone with basic demographic knowledge can see that the graph is correct . 
  the peg will never be broken for bulgaria . 
  it is extremely popular , if i were to guess its in the upper 80s to low 90s . 
  even if it is the economically sound decision it will not happen simply because its politically unfeasible . 
  it was n't broken in the 2009 crash and it wo n't be broken in the next one . 
  and even if not really free-floating i would n't call the lei de-facto pegged . 
  compare [ this ] ( http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=eur&amp;to=ron&amp;view=10y ) to [ this ] ( http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=eur&amp;to=bgn&amp;view=10y ) . 
  even after the 2008-2009 devaluation it has still had swings upwards of 10 % . 
  that is what i thought i wrote : `` and parts of croatia , slovenia , romania and turkey '' meaning those countries have only a part of their territory in the geographical definition of the balkans . 
  my definition for the balkans is geographic and cultural . 
  i find that when people use the term balkans the use speak about its cultural limits . 
  [ geographically it is : greece , bulgaria , serbia , kosovo , albania , montenegro , macedonia , bosnia and parts of croatia , slovenia , romania and turkey ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/85/balkan_topo_fr.svg/1400px-balkan_topo_fr.svg.png ) for me culturally it is : greece , bulgaria , serbia , kosovo , albania , montenegro , macedonia , bosnia , croatia and arguably slovenia and romania . 
  if i recall correctly tesla does n't spend a lot on marketing . 
  it does have a very fervent fan following tho and a lot of `` my company is single-handedly changing the world '' - people , which get the job done just fine . 
  it has 7 upvotes and 50 % upvoted . 
  saying it 's upvoted is simply not true . 
  it does draw a lot of controversy tho - almost a 100 comments . 
  people just do n't rate it because it 's technically correct , although not really when you take a deeper look at the situation ( rearrangement of regions ), 
  i used these number because that is what u / _ 1ud3x _ used . 
  i am fully aware that they are not a good representation of living standards . 
  however in fiscal transfers ppp does n't matter , you receive a sum of money and it does n't magically get more when poland or whoever receives it . 
  either way if eu federalizes you can not give ppp to individual regions of it . 
  for example i can say that the gdp per capita of california is twice that of alabama but when we get to the numbers a person with $ 50k income is going to be living very comfortably in alabama and barely scraping by in san francisco . 
  you can always say that living in a village is cheaper than living in a city or living in a small city is cheaper than living in a big city and so forth . 
  there is a point where ppp just is n't very applicable . 
  the difference is much higher than 200 % . 
  gdp per capita in germany : $ 41,267 gdp per capita in poland : $ 13,390 and i 'm not even comparing the richest to the poorest . 
  if there is any federalization the money transfer would have to be massively expanded for there to be comparable standards between countries . 
  i 'm not saying it 's impossible i 'm saying that there is n't the political will to do it and it would have to be a lot of will . 
  i actually would argue that a win for trump is better for the european union because it might draw investors to europe or at least push some companies closer to europe . 
  and besides it might push europe a bit to the right on issues such as immigration which imo would be better than the situation we have now . 
  and hopefully if he is beyond expectations he can stop us support for saudi arabia and limit their power projection in europe but that is hopeful at best . 
  anyways not much would change , even if he is elected i do n't think he ca n't do that much without support from the congress and other legal institutions , which is highly unlikely imo . 
  obviously tho i 'm not very knowledgeable on this topic . 
  sometimes when you are using people as units you can say persons or at least that 's my understanding of it . 
  anyway i do n't think either is wrong here . 
  you forgot to add slanchev bryag , but otherwise perfect . 
  1 is monaco / french-italian mediterranean border 3 is liverpool 4 is belfast 5 is antwerp 9 is glasgow 10 is maybe dublin 13 is amsterdam 19 is zagreb 20 is helsinki 25 is wien, 
  sure but does n't westminster still have to give the green light in order for the referendum to be constitutional and not illegal ? 
  stay safe . 
  i worry that the only thing this coup will accomplish is strengthen erdogan . 
  i hope i 'm wrong . 
  no problem buddy . 
  for what its worth i hope the uk comes stronger than before out of this situation and it can still remain a friend of the eu . 
  absolutely . 
  he is one of the only people on reddit that i remember . 
  he has stayed true to his view for so long and he was the only one pushing for a referendum . 
  before this subreddit was made a default or whatever it was basically r/federaleurope and it was nice to hear a different opinion . 
  his comments are almost always factual and i 'm sure he is an intelligent person . 
  i disagree with his views but i like reading his comments . 
  singapore was and is a heavily chinese city but the malaysians are still called malay . 
  i guess citizens are called singaporeans still tho . 
  sadly you deleted your other comment that said something to the tune of usa bad and ussr poor public policy , but i have got to post my comment because of how deluded you are . 
  it is laughable to read such comments from people like you . 
  i do n't think you realise that you would n't even be able to write such comments if your sooo beloved communism had won . 
  you are probably one of those self-hating americans who think that just because your life is `` miserable '' and `` unfair '' despite living in arguably the best country in the world capitalism is the worst evil on this world . 
  however unlike you i have lived with communists and you know what , it is atrocious . 
  my entire family on my grandfather 's side died in prison just because they did n't want to give their lands . 
  my two cousins died in prison because they had `` capitalist '' ideas . 
  many more people have died in prison for much less . 
  and if you think that this `` poor public policy '' can be avoided look at the economics . 
  my country is one of the poorest in europe and it has fared relatively well , ukraine has not gotten richer in probably close to a century and if you think that this is not because of communism you are wrong . 
  it is interesting to say the least that all the comments i read about how great communism was or how it will transform countries for the better come from rich western countries and not one from the east . 
  well not that surprising considering that the east has lived with communism and it is not that great . 
  i just do n't see how it can be achieved . 
  one of the biggest arguments i have heard against that i do n't know if it can be refuted is pay . 
  eastern european ( bulgarian included ) military personel receive significantly less than their norther european counterparts . 
  can you imagine if suddenly the prices were met halfway . 
  there would be almost no western european troops and almost all of them will be eastern europeans but that does n't mean that france or britain or whoever wo n't send them to protect their own national interests . 
  then there will be significant unrest in eastern europe as they will see it as their soldiers being send to do someone else 's dirty work . 
  i just do n't see it working . 
  and that is only one argument , i 'm sure there are many more and probably better ones . 
  the simple reason for this is that up until 2010 or so banks gave different interest rates for mortages for euros and levs and the euro ones were usually lower . 
  there has been a trend of taking more and more mortages in levs now that there is no difference in interest . 
  let 's be clear that this applies to sofia , i am sure it 's different in some of the smaller provincial cities . 
  anyway the real estate prices were never in levs to begin with . 
  until around 2003-4 most real estate were given in usd and the transition to euros was mostly complete by the time bulgaria was accepted in the eu in 2007 . 
  i am actually against displaying all the services and prices in euros because it only confuses clients and when you have to pay the services associated with real estate they always come with some cents at the end . 
  it 's mostly a hastle . 
  still people do it and it has become very ingrained in the business . 
  i think it will be a formality . 
  bulgaria has a strict peg to the euro for more than 15 years now . 
  practically all transactions above 10000 levs are made in euros anyway , i have not seen a single real estate payment made in levs in 10 years . 
  the average bulgarian will cope just fine the biggest difficulty will be the pensioners as always .
