  as for the inability to integrate it is sadly there and it is very real . 
  i have some roma friends from italy which are originally from a village close to sofia . 
  they do not identify as roma and would be very offended if you said they are roma . 
  however as you said this is my side of the story but you asked for opinions and everybody will have a different opinion . 
  i am not going to display all the problems of roma people in bulgaria and the problems they create for the government and people in general because it will not be beneficial ... 
  however i am going to explain the most prevalent problems and make some comparisons to america . 
  roma people in bulgaria ( and europe in general ) can be compared to lower class black people in america . 
  there are some similarities but there are differences . 
  for example when enough roma families move into a neighbourhood you see the famous white-flight . 
  a lot of ethnic bulgarian sell their apartments and move to different neighbourhoods and as a result real estate prices take a steep dive . 
  the result is the typical `` roma ghetto '' . 
  with this comes an increase in crime and vandalism . 
  the biggest problem is however their inability to successfully integrate . 
  there were numerous programs to integrate roma people by giving them subsidized apartments in various neighbourhoods but like some other users mentioned those get destroyed very quickly ... and the problems is that the roma culture is very exclusive . 
  all other people are seen as outsiders and this creates a very strong `` us vs. them '' mentality . 
  roma people that try to go against the trend and adopt a bulgarian culture are seen as worse than the devil and are branded as traitors . 
  so basically roma people have to choose between their families and integration and it is no surprise which one they choose . 
  this is very comparable to black ghetto culture in america . 
  it is important to note that the situation is improving in bulgaria and more and more roma people are abandoning their outdated culture . 
  the integration of the roma people is sadly shunned by ethnic bulgarians . 
  a lot of bulgarians are very racist towards roma and blame them for all of the problems of this country and when they are shown examples of successfully integrated roma people they say that they are bulgarians ... 
  so you can see that in bulgaria roma is not an ethnicity but rather a culture . 
  it is indeed a very sensitive topic and there is no easy solution ... edit : sorry for the wall of text i did n't intend for it to be so long but oh well ... 
  a lot of bulgarian from smaller provincial town have theories that that is precisely why bulgarian are seen as beggars and thieves abroad because a lot of immigrants have roma background and they are put in the same group as ethnic bulgarians . 
  this opinion is not widespread in bigger cities but it might be true to some extent . 
  i am also in favour of referring to the origin country of immigrants and not their ethnicity as it will ease the integration of minority groups ( roma/turks/etc from bulgaria ) but it will also punish ethnic bulgarians to some extent so it is not all white and black . 
  montenegro separated in 2006 so i doubt they used a non-existing currency but they might have used it before they gained independence . 
  someone from there would have to enlighten us . 
  the eu has largely changed that mindset . 
  admittedly i am not part of the problematic countries - the yugoslav ones however bulgaria has it 's share of `` balkan '' memories . 
  however with the continued integration in the eu those memories are disappearing . 
  slavic nationalism does n't exist anymore for example . 
  everyone has forgotten macedonia or simply does n't care anymore . 
  people are accepting towards turks and muslims in general ( however not towards roma people ... ) . 
  there never was much conflict between serbia and bulgaria and there certainly is n't any now . 
  most bulgarians do n't even know south thrace was bulgarian less than a 100 years ago and those who do do n't care . 
  the story is similar for north dobruja ... 
  i realize that the situation is much more complicated for the post-yugoslav counties . 
  the conflict was only 2 decades ago . 
  the memories are still fresh . 
  but time is all they need . 
  i hope that in a couple of decades `` balkan drama '' will be just another irrelevant joke . 
  one does not have to be racist to realize that any sort of immigrants usually create problems . 
  the uk is considerably better in integrating immigrants than other european countries because the language is so widespread and makes integration easier . 
  the fact that the french growth is mainly natural ( which i am not so sure about ) can only be a plus . 
  however the difference between a tfr of 1.98 ( france ) and 1.85 ( uk ) is minimal . 
  i do n't understand the recent serbian hate . 
  for someone not from the balkans you must understand there is a lot of bad blood between the various states and especially serbia however everyone likes to blame serbia for everything which is wrong . 
  depending on who you ask you will get different answers for who started the flag incident and the court decision is probably political . 
  however this exchange between the pm had nothing to do with the first balkan war ... 
  i would bet it would be above 90 % . 
  anyone who can vote besides the few who will boycott the referendum will vote on practically their next 50 years . 
  i do n't disagree with you . 
  i was just pointing out where he got his numbers from . 
  he is citing the nominal values . 
  and with them he is correct as gdp per capita in romania is 9,570 usd and in greece it is 18,863 for 2015 . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_past_and_projected_gdp_ ( nominal ) _ per_capita #imf _ estimates_between_2010_and_2019, 
  i do n't have any official statistics but i would say it is similar to romania with maybe a 5-10 % swing in favor of creditors so something like 20 % / 45 % . 
  however i would n't use the data i provided as it is obviously biased from the people i asked . 
  it is just to give a perspective . 
  well a political party in bulgaria is calling for open discrimination of turks and romani people and several newspapers are advocating outright genocide of muslims . 
  should we take their claims for serious and say that bulgarian media wants to kill everyone who is not bulgarian or is that not some extremist opinion and far-right delusions . 
  i do n't know what you are smoking ?? 
  germany paid close to 100,000 tons of gold of reparations for ww1 or around 270 billion marks . 
  the interesting part is that they finished paying it in 2010 ... 
  da ( \u0414\u0430 ) for yes ne ( \u041d\u0435 ) for no, 
  well to be honest before ww1 turkey did n't exist and the ottoman empire still had a lot of land in the middle east so to include them in the first two maps would be inaccurate and misleading . 
  still should be included in the last two ... 
  however taking big loans in bulgaria is the same as committing political suicide here . 
  this is common in all post-soviet states . 
  the recent 17/18 billion loan worried a lot of people although it 's much better than some other states ... 
  as far as i know this is the official policy - to wait and see what the outcome of the euro debt crisis will be . 
  the euro might not be the legal tender of bulgaria but literally every single big transaction is in euros already . 
  all of real estate purchases/sales are done in euro and investing is also heavily in euro . 
  infrastructure projects are also calculated in euro ... 
  i support the euro in bulgaria but i do n't think the majority of bulgarians do though . 
  i do n't know much about missiles or missile defence but even if the system stopped supersonic icbms with near perfect 99 % success rate the few that made it would still be absolutely devastating for europe . 
  i never said anything about the us not being involved . 
  it is actually heavily involved as much of the equipment comes from them as well as maintenance and support . 
  it should n't be too hard to find the reliable information . 
  just google sm-3 missiles as those are the ones that are primarily used . 
  there are many national missile defence systems but the one i was talking about is the nato one . 
  currently it is operational in romania and poland is expected to host one in 2018 but i believe the timetable has been pushed ahead . 
  there is also presence in the mediterranean in the form of ships with anti-ballistic capabilities . 
  turkey also host anti-ballistic missiles as well as early warning sensor . 
  the uk has the other one . 
  here is the official plan : https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2011/09/15/fact-sheet-implementing-missile-defense-europe, 
  nope . 
  russia is n't as strong as people make them out to be . 
  russia will encounter significant resistance in ukraine since it has already mobilized . 
  sure they would eventually defeat them but in the meantime romania and bulgaria will have a significant nato presence from western europe and usa . 
  turkey will pose quite a challenge for russia since it has very defensible terrain and very modernized equipment so in the very best case ( if they manage to incite a kurdish uprising ) they take ankara but will never reach istanbul . 
  poland is aware of the danger and i would be surprised if they have n't prepared extensively . 
  besides it 's in the heart of europe so you could expect a lot of foreign support . 
  baltics and finland are probably fucked . 
  i do n't think nato can mobilize quickly enough to prevent invasion . 
  however the most significant problem they face is holding the territory . 
  if they wish to not have an uprising every few weeks russia would have to massacre the local population ( which in the aftermath would be the end of russia as we know it ) or leave a sizable force in every city they take which means they have to rely on less and less troops the further they go . 
  if russia goes full retard and launches nukes eastern europe is fucked but russia will be absolutely obliterated since europe has an advanced missile defence system and will fare much better than moscow . 
  all in all even putin is not that stupid .
