   was it half of russians or half of `` rossiyans '' ? 
  and the metropolis is chechnya, 
  according to 2013 poll , half of russians would be happy or would n't care if chechnya seceded . 
  there is a clear distinction between an ethnic russian ( rusky , your eastern european orhodox christian slav ivan ivanov ) and a citizen of russia ( rossiyanin ) in our language . 
  latter was promoted by yeltsin . 
  westerners do n't feel it ... post-soviet terrorism is on the rise , i think unfortunately i 'll have to deal with many similar cases when a `` russian '' fan of isis is arrested for preparing to blow up people . 
   why is n't it being crushed by the russian gov ? 
  cops get money from slave owners , obviously . 
  or cops/their relatives are slave owners . 
  i suspect not only these non-russian muslim cops/officials are guilty , even ethnic russian cops participate in it and help sell their own countrymen for sweet rubles and bucks . 
  nice comments in this video, 
  most refugees are not syrian, 
  they were successfully brainwashed and oppressed . 
  i remember a picture from soviet book - soviet kids in traditional clothes and russian girl in pioneer dress . 
   tell me good thing that russian empire did for us it was n't as genocidal as ussr . 
  for lithuanians russian empire was less cruel than ussr , worse than independent national state lithuania . 
  it is n't . 
  nice joke, 
  belarus lost 25 % of population . 
   does that prove that s.u. 
  was systematically oppressing the russians too yes, 
  i support this idea, 
  lads on tour, 
  i guess many people would agree to secede from chechnya and build a wall on this border , honestly . 
  but chechens will be against it . 
  chechen diaspora is 99 % pro-separatist , many of them actually fought against russia and left chechnya . 
  but there is also a fact that chechnya is financed from russian budget , they do n't produce or sell anything . 
  chechen oil reserves are tiny . 
  i guess many chechens suspect they wo n't survive without russia . 
   russians today know that attacking and annexing georgia , ukraine or checnya is wrong . 
  they know that there are no crucifications of babies and no fascists . 
  they know damn well what is bullshit and what not , the only difference is that they are fine with it . 
  no it 's wrong . 
  their image is completely different . 
  they think west is constantly attacking them and it will start war to steal our resources . 
  when it comes to georgia , it 's georgians who attacked russia . 
  chechnya ? 
  fighting islamic terrorism . 
  ukraine ? 
  helping people oppressed by fascist junta etc. 
  more than 70 % of people get news from tv . 
  they ** do n't know ** there are no crucifications of babies , they 're being told ukrainian army is shelling cities . 
  edit : sixty-seven percent of russians in 2016 view nato as a threat http://www.gallup.com/poll/203819/nato-members-eastern-europe-protection.aspx, 
  by the way daughter of dmitry peskov lives in paris, 
  sure , he 's one good russian among horde of untermeschen with asiatic faces for you . 
  i do n't like putin you 're boring, 
  they call you subhuman and you just kiss their boots ... 
  pathetic, 
   and think about why this is the case . 
  because russian language has 200x times more speakers than belarussian . 
  it means you will always have fresh books , movies , tv series translated into russian , native language of most citizens of belarus . 
   and the ones you are advocating right now . 
  ah `` fucking russian fascist putinist you support genocide of innocent belarussians '' bla bla bla . 
  i say ** i do n't care if they want to get rid of dirty language of dostoevsky and tolstoy , they 're free to do it **, 
   centuries of russian imperialism in belarus , destroying their language and culture , and you have the gall to say this !, 
  it 's other way round , bolsheviks started massive `` belarusization '' campaign there . 
  after fall of su market economy finally showed who 's right and number of literature on belarussian language has fallen . 
  same happened in tatarstan , suddenly they languages ca n't survive in an open world without protection . 
  hell , these people got their state from commies . 
  lenin is literally their dad , and stalin is their nanny . 
  you 're too hysterical btw and calling everyone fascist is a bad strategy . 
   brainwashed the poor illiterate peasants into thinking that they are a different nation else they too would get tickets to siberia/kazakhstan i heard it many times . 
  `` evil austro-hungary brainwashed southern russians to make them believe they are unique nation of ukrainians '' ; `` ukrainians do not exist '' etc. 
  this is imperialistic bullshit propaganda , are all romanians imperialists ? 
  you should let people choose their future . 
   ( i can only agree with `` they brought us communism they 're bad '' part ) i fucking mentioned it . 
  but your people bring not only that . 
  19th century , 18th century , `` steal '' of moldova ( very pathetic , even swedes never tell we `` stole '' finland ) etc. 
  you should . 
  if you do n't , you 're russian spy . 
  top kek can you fucking forget centuries old wars ? 
  lmao ( i can only agree with `` they brought us communism they 're bad '' part ), 
   hostile lie, 
  it was military superpower only because they robbed people to build more tanks and rockets , feed `` friends '' in asia and africa etc. 
  i know all your ancestors were oppressed by commies . 
  you and swedes are different, 
  agree , it 's worse than stalingrad sorry for my incompetence, 
  unfortunately there are groups interested in `` cold war 2.0 '' it will help russian ` elites ' to brainwash people and suppress internet freedom and freedom of speech . 
  in europe it will help to unite the eu and label ` wrong ' opposition ( far right , far left ) as russian puppets and threats to national security . 
   russia has the enemy of my country for over one millennia now . 
  ugh i 'm so tired i heard that many times from swedes . 
  is that why almost nobody was killed in sweden by russians in the last 2 centuries ? 
  what fucking eternal enemy if our grandpas did n't fight against each other in bloody wars ? 
  ( unlike the rest of europe ) . 
  it 's actually unique thing you know . 
  you see , there is no real reason to hate each other for us . 
  can your nation finally forget poltava and shit ? 
  and no , russia wo n't invade gotland . 
  it 's an obscure conspiracy theory . 
  not popular at all , 95 % of people never heard about this . 
  have you ever heard a word `` ethnic minority '' ? 
   if they 're your people why do n't you shelter them at your home and help them settle back in russia ? 
  that would be a great start for both of our countries . 
  so im right , balts dream of monoethnic baltic countries with no `` wrong '' nations there . 
  you will not succeed , holocaust 2.0 and genetically pure lithuania will be just your dream, 
   do you really think we 're going to attack ethnic minorities here ? 
  you will peacefully make life for them extremely toxic and hard , yes . 
   they have education availabe in their native language . 
  from kindergarten to basic school , up to 9th grade , they have public-funded education 100 % available in russian language . 
  estonian government wants to make education in estonian only .
