   all we ask from russians is to learn the official language and then they can get citizenship . 
  you still think estonian must be the only official language and estonia is a national state of estonians . 
  that 's the problem . 
   your actions are just making them feel more alienated from baltics and therefore , make integration more difficult , with them ending up in a worse socio-economic position they fight to have education and services in their native language , ask them what they want , they do not need estonian only schools . 
  and i support them . 
   your countrymen are russian citizens and maybe non-citizens here , support them then . 
  pay for their russian education or something . 
  you do n't do it , you do nothing useful for them . 
  all you do is fund propaganda and fuel tensions . 
  do you know what is ethnic minority ? 
  supporting them is ** normal . 
  ** i 'll give you example . 
  when ukrainians marched in western ukraine , screaming `` magyars on knives '' , hungarians were outraged and hungarian government protested about it . 
  the aim of your actions is to ** let them be alone against estonians without our support . 
  ** because estonian majority is hostile towards them and you need them to be alone . 
   so they are `` your people '' and yet you blaim us for not giving them our citizenship if they do n't speak our language ? 
  exactly . 
   it 's still shocking how you do n't see how freaking chauvinist and aggressive such attitude is . 
  that 's another fucking lie to pose as a good balt against aggressive russia . 
  look how poor we are t __ t. 
  americans give soldiers pl0x :( :( :( supporting ruskies is bad and chauvinist . 
  dreaming about making estonia 95 + % monoethnic country is good and absolutely not chauvinist . 
  we have every right to support our countrymen living abroad . 
   i am pretty sure they love that there are '' non-citizens '' here because it gives kremlin some kind of excuse to bitch and complain about the evil fascists in pri-baltica . 
  make them citizens then . 
   there are talks about it , it means you can do it , you just do n't like the idea of it . 
  i do n't care , they are my people and i will always support them, 
   they were never ours to begin with , they came from russia . 
  slash or deport them . 
  you ca n't ? 
  gtfo then, 
   but why blame those things on the west ? 
  because russia is a crypto colony of great britain since 1917, 
   what else do you want us to call them ? 
  unintegrated soviet era immigrants ? 
  occupation children ? 
  call them whomever you want , you already got away with that . 
   obviously they 're not '' yours '' if they chose to stay here after the soviet union collapsed . 
  no , they are my people , friends , allies , part of my nation . 
  you want them to lose support of millions ruskies , hehe , you will not succeed . 
  you want them to be alone against latvians . 
   i want you to shut up about things you simply do n't understand and have a black-and-white view about . 
  i understand everything , latvia is ruled by latvian nationalists ( i do n't call them fascists or nazis ) whose dream is to make monoethnic latvia . 
   if you hate latvian language and culture , and consider yourself russian - move to god damn russia . 
  latvia is a multicultural multiethnic country . 
  prove me wrong . 
   not focusing on the root of the problem we sell resources and get nothing , all money flow to the west . 
  this is the ` root of the problem ' of poverty , stagnation etc. 
   you wo n't get anywhere with that ok keep defending russian oligarchs sure you need them . 
   excuse me , but i do n't buy this blaming the west . 
  putin 's domestic policy is a continuation of yeltsin 's policy . 
  west supported yeltsin and his evil actions . 
  west did n't actually need strong democratic sovereign russia , they supported authoritarian thug yeltsin . 
  he destroyed parliament , he started suppressing protests and media . 
   the main source of russian problems are russian elites and they fucking live on the west and carry passports of western countries . 
  sounds like they are western agents . 
  we sell a lot of oil & gas , 90 % of money flow to the west . 
  west-backed russian oligarchs steal money here and live in london , nice , zurich , austria , paris , wherever . 
  that 's my personal points to blame the west . 
  i would n't protest against `` demonisation '' of the baltic states . 
  you are very spoiled . 
  your country made my fellow ruskies ` non-citizens ' and you want ** me ** to support it ? 
  no way . 
   they raped every woman from every village they passed and stole everything from simple people living in these villages , or kill them if they were in the mood sounds too harsh even if you was german and it ` happened ' in germany . 
  from the other side , there are many reports that romanian boys fighting for hitler were more barbaric and cruel than actual german soldiers , maybe that 's true , soviets were too angry and they treated your people worse than germans , who knows . 
  most of us will never hate of despise our ancestors who fought in red army . 
  and many will whitewash them because they love them . 
  we were taught they bravely fought against german occupants in great patriotic war from 22nd june 1941 to 9th may 1945 . 
  think what you want , that 's who we are ... 
   next they should start funneling hundreds of millions of euros to the russian opposition they will just steal it xd and blame lazy russians they already fucked up protests in 2011-2012 , i guess half of them or more are fsb agents . 
  build bridges , not walls, 
  another far-right troll ... ugh, 
  for years i 've been hearing about [ dulles plan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dulles'_plan ) and evil americans trying to enslave us . 
  and now i see westerners have their own dulles with his own plan . 
  scary dangerous dugin tries to destroy their countries . 
  he is behind everything . 
  he corrupts american and european youth , he encourages ethnic conflicts . 
  and i am worried at how many believe this . 
  this city looks like paradise wow, 
  i say it too !, 
  i agree, 
  even russia cried after reading this ; _ ; so much pain, 
   yeltsin was kinda popular in the west do you know how it looks in our eyes ? 
  yeltsin is considered alcoholic thug who sold country to the oligarchs here . 
  after reading posts like this , some people really start think westerners liked yeltsin because he was alcoholic thug . 
  what do you propose ? 
  it has everything you can imagine, 
   poland is like a gay paradise compared to ... russia rly ? 
  who votes for pis then ? 
  many poles are homophobic and conservative, 
   they probably feel like it was imposed on them it 's more about their current stance . 
  in soviet times people actually thought `` moscow '' is robbing them . 
  i remember reading those propaganda pamflets , `` ukraine = second france '' my ass . 
  they visited fucking poor central russia , compared it with comfy homeland and `` realised '' russians just rob them !, 
  that 's their main problem !, 
  we lived worse because we had to feed leechers from - stans, 
  if you think we would n't build stuff without their `` great '' managing skills , you 're russophobe who consider us more stupid than international gang of russian-jewish-caucasian-asian-polish-latvian communist criminals . 
  north koreans put hydroelectric station on their emblem , i wonder how other countries build similar things without glorious great leader ? 
   why should russians hate ussr from the beginning ? 
  because we experienced biggest repressions .
