it 's sad that west helps so little to ukraine . 
  to make ukraine prosperous democratic state their `` elites '' must be completely changed and controlled from the west . 
  it 's a fucking joke when a president is a successful russian businessman . 
  to make japan great americans overthrew japanese government like 10 times . 
   rsfsr constitution gives the right itself . 
  or prove it . 
  autonomous republics inside the rsfsr did n't have right to secede from rsfsr . 
  soviet republics like georgia or latvia had this right . 
  anyway we 'll see what is gon na happen . 
  these horrible people in kremlin make decisions , not me , not you . 
  if they do n't change their actions , in 20-40 years project `` russia '' will be finally ended and every `` oppressed '' nation will be finally free . 
   yeah , russia was also german because reich conquered it . 
  great logic you have . 
  they tried and we did n't let them ... well , if they were successful , if they called russian territories a part of germany , if they found pro-german people here and installed their regime and oppressed protesters ... well , this land would be german , yes . 
   being independent was not just their natural right but also legal right due to the soviet russia 's constitution no . 
  estonia or kazakhstan ( created by stalin , hehe ) had a right to secede because they were countries inside the soviet union . 
  chechnya or dagestan has never been like separate soviet country with their own flag and anthem and kgb etc. . . 
  it was part of rsfsr . 
  anyway i do n't wan na talk about disgusting soviet union anymore . 
   caucasian mafia is not the one that is going to secede pal . 
  they 're the ones preventing people from seceding or from more federal power . 
  and we do n't like it . 
   and that 's the vatnik mentality i 'm talking about . 
  keep on that , and you 'll get only corrupt politicians and mafia , and the shame of being oppressor until eventually you lose those territories ... 
  i do n't understand how not wanting to lose territories results in being ruled by corrupt politicians . 
   your ancestors commit massacres and genocide on the indigenous people . 
  yet , it does n't make it `` your land '' . 
  it 's our because we conquered it . 
   til caucasian mafia is the north caucasian people . 
  that caucasian mafia is pro-russian ones pal , they 're `` your '' people . 
  do n't like them , let go off the other nations and stop feeding the mafia and corrupt thugs in order to keep the regions . 
  in a shitty russian federation disgusting putin does n't want to do anything . 
  he will give them as much money as they ask . 
  and no , we will better eliminate caucasian mafia and not let them secede . 
  maybe , we need to return good old traditions of tsarist rulers who wo n't give them as much as they ask just so they do n't start blow up metro , train stations and houses . 
  who will actually be asked what they can do to be a part of glorious country . 
  well , if russia acted like this , it would be completely different state . 
  that 's just my imperial expansionist vatnik dream ;p stop your bullshit tales `` hurr durr be peaceful '' . 
  every country punishes separatists . 
  now tell me when will french let the corsica go ? 
  why does oppressive france punish peaceful corsican separatists ? 
   yeah , caucasus is your land , until the historical circassia , chechnya , ingushetia , dagestan , ossetia and abkhazia . 
  the rest is about their own peoples ' will by the natural law . 
  they were conquered and since then it is and will be russia unless we decide opposite . 
  that 's why they 're ok with chechnya seceding . 
  because in their mind chechens cause too many problems . 
  people actually fear them . 
  they know that every conflict with an ethnic chechen can result in 20 + muscled guys with knives and pistols asking them how dared he to `` cross the road '' . 
  they know that chechen could flee to chechnya and nobody will search him there because russian laws do n't work there . 
   `` we did n't spilled our blood '' and the expansionist and/or vatnik mindset . 
  you call everything which is not a `` dear 666 nations of russia and neighbor countries , forgive us for everything , let us stand on our knees and repent , repent , repent '' vatnik mindset . 
  sorry , current multicultural tolerant shithole rufed where russians are oppressed is not what i support . 
  caucasian ethnic mafia already rules moscow and saint petersburg , i do n't think they need more rights . 
   enough for us , enough . 
  even khodorkovsky said that caucasus is our land and he will fight for this land . 
  because times are changing . 
  even people like him start to understand that . 
   and you have n't spilled your blood only but committed two genocides in the region our ancestors spilled their blood , ok . 
   before russian forces started to bomb grozny and murder , rape , torture and plunder indiscriminately even if you 're an ethnic russian , there were around 200000 ethnic russians in grozny the number of russians has decreased significantly before the war started . 
  only chechnya . 
  and yes , almost everybody will agree to kick chechnya out . 
  dagestan , ingushetia and `` circassia '' ( it 's called karachay-circassia ) must stay russian . 
  it 's not like we spilled our blood for centuries just to let them secede in 2016 . 
  < 3 also  with their current mindset ? 
  what mindset ? 
  it 's lie . 
  chechnya does n't sell any oil , they do n't have any industry , their republic is financed by the rest of russia . 
  we should have given them independence . 
  none of my friends and relatives want to live with chechens in one country . 
  russia : yes , it 's heavily criticized by ultra conservative groups . 
  it fits very good into the official `` rotting west '' narrative . 
  although young people do n't care about it . 
  and kids here do n't ask for candies ( they do it on kolyadka or do n't do at all because we live in commieblocks ) , it 's just an excuse to dress up and have a party . 
  his mom married a norwegian man and he moved to norway with her in 2004 . 
  better nazi than communist, 
  i ca n't breathe !!, 
  i 've been to estonia , i know people from there , but no , degenerate russian ca n't know this , that 's what putin told him . 
  yeah putin is everywhere , russian propaganda is everywhere . 
  i say honestly that i hate russian government and i despise modern russia . 
  if i had a choice i would 've stopped paying my taxes for putin 's yachts . 
   `` this describes government and popular sentiment in russia and the opinions of individual russians may vary '' it would be great . 
  nobody did this in 2007 in estonia and one guy has died , he got a knife in his stomach by estonian skinheads . 
  i personally know a girl who was attacked in tartu in 2001 by estonian skinheads , they asked `` are you russian '' , they heard `` yes '' and they broke her nose . 
  you will say it 's a lie , then she was lying looking into my eyes . 
  probably if your government thought about future of all inhabitants , it would n't have happened . 
  but they did n't and we see the results . 
  fascism spread around the europe , far-right radicals like le pen , afd , fascist trump , nazis all over the europe now can spread their disgusting xenophobic and racist propaganda . 
  only my problem , i agree . 
  you will not have any problems since this xenophobic discourse is acceptable among people here and in estonia and nobody will punish you . 
  have a nice day , take a walk in tartu , you may even beat some tibla , everybody will praise you . 
   do n't cry about things like russophobia `` insulting an entire nation and generalizing is absolutely acceptable , i have a right to act like that and i see nothing bad in it . '', 
  ( c ) eastern europe , 2016, 
  his grandchildren live in london by the way  it 's pretty typical for russian patriots . 
  belt with a star buckle is a standard belt of a red army uniform , well maybe soviet soldiers were secret cowboy fans, 
  always look what politicians actually do , not what they say . 
  i respect hungarian struggle against communism, 
  i do n't think he cares about that , he hugged open lesbian lady ireen w\u00fcst in 2014 olympic games , he can befriend far-right , far-left , centrist , liberal , any politicians if they 're ready to cooperate with russian government . 
  i bet if needed , he would n't have any problems with pride parade in moscow , ** his and his friends ' only interest is to stay in power . 
  yeah why not, 
  yes !,
