  positive discrimination was used against us !, 
  commies were the first to use toxic gas against their own people . 
  communists used us as a tool . 
  why do you think russian homes still has less access to gas than ukrainian ? 
  we lived worse than anybody !!, 
  i imagine how some georgian or ukrainian would think : `` look , they are so poor . 
  lmao we eat meat everyday in our socialist republic . 
  what 's wrong with them ? 
  wait ... maybe ... 
  they rob us ??? 
  stop feed moscow !!! '', 
  but no it 's clear we did n't rob any ukrainians , we did n't steal their meat , actually communists robbed us . 
  russian capitalism is harsh . 
  in 1991 we just became snow brazil . 
  you can leave the country any moment but you also face huge inequality ( when you see people visiting rich countries when you barely have enough money for living or when you visit rich countries when people on streets barely survive ) . 
  they feel current russia sucks . 
  their mistake is that they think it was better back then . 
  although for * some * people life in the late soviet union was definitely better i think . 
  and kids listen to them . 
  hahaha no 63 % of old people want to return in soviet union , 63 % of young people do n't want to . 
  but if they do n't want , it does n't mean they ** hate ** it . 
  it 's only 63 % it means 10-20 % young people still want to live in su . 
  number of nostalgic commies is falling but in russia there will never be a `` fuck everything communist , we curse that 50 years of our history '' stance we can see in poland or baltics . 
  unfortunately there are also people born in '90s who think stalin was a great leader and we need man like him again . 
  there are n't many of them though . 
  some people also like their new iphone and vacation in italy and admire su . 
  there are fairytales about soviet times like there was no crimes there , cops were good , there was no extremely rich or poor people , quality of food was much better etc. 
  communists are international thugs who unfortunately fooled many people . 
   so , no romantic monarchist crap about mighty and humane russian empire please . 
  number of literally terrorists survived tsar 's prisons proves how humane it was . 
  fuck commies, 
   plus , why would we attack russia for its resources if we 're just going to irradiate the whole place anyway ? 
  major cities will be nuked and russia will be defeated . 
   i have no idea what you 're saying . 
  many russian oligarchs and top officials ( = corruptioners , murderers , thugs and oppressors ) live in uk ( mainly london ) . 
  they do n't face problems , your country is ok with it . 
  your people support it . 
  that 's how much your country cares about `` human rights ''  because again , we give a shit about human lives . 
  belgrade was bombed for atrocities commited by serbian soldiers . 
  why would n't you nuke moscow for atrocities commited by putin ? 
   it is likely london , new york , paris , etc. 
  would all still be hit , which we obviously do n't want . 
  like i said before you prepare for war and build shields to not let your cities be nuked in world war . 
  `` we need to nuke moscow to save our western democracy and freedom '' - that 's what you want . 
   plus , there 's that whole human rights thing the west seems to care about more than the kremlin . 
  as long as russian oligarchs and top officials keep living in london , you will not succeed in your brainwashing of me . 
  as long as criminals and murderers live in your country , you better keep silence !, 
   ... why would we do that ? 
  resources , land , slaves  do you know what mad is ? 
  building of anti-ballistic missile shield will not allow us to nuke nato after you nuke us . 
   did you know that nato is a defensive pact `` defensive '' pact already attacked some countries . 
   you 're being fed propaganda and eating it up by the spoonful . 
  ok m8 whatever, 
   apocalyptic nuclear war . 
  nope . 
  west will be protected with anti-nuclear missile shields . 
  it means our nuclear `` response '' to their attack will be liquidated . 
  that 's why they will nuke us . 
  because we could n't counter-nuke them anymore in the next few years . 
  they want to undermine our eastern autocracy and serfdom !, 
  we must unite and believe our great leader !, 
  do n't let them fool you !, 
  radio liberty and voice of america are propaganda machines of hostile american state, 
  imprison them , ok . why did you bomb cities ? 
  they can always make up lie about `` atrocities '' . 
  you can always find some atrocities in a big country . 
   article 5 and the entire treaty are defensive in nature ? 
  i would believe it if nato never attacked anybody . 
   since when has nato threatened to declare war and invade russia ? 
  last 17 years . 
  constantly they do that . 
  maybe the key is to be more friendly ? 
  idk but make sure to deport all tiblas before, 
  it 's our future , it 's not `` some shit '', 
   when is russia planning to give back our national treasury sent over in wwi for `` safekeeping '' ? 
  we gave that gold . 
  some of your gold was spent as reparations to restore the country after your actions in '40s . 
   russians are known to destroy resources before the enemy gets close to them . 
  oil , gas , diamonds , forests , water , soil ca n't be `` just '' destroyed . 
   destroy some cities and russia will surrender ? 
  yes , local partisans with grandpa 's rifle ca n't fight against nato soldiers . 
   russia was never even threatened by nato we were threatened by nato . 
  just because i prepare to protect myself in nato-russian war and do n't believe nato ( who can be lying btw ) i 'm troll/idiot ? 
  nice !, 
   no one wants to invade russia ( which is why they preferred just nuking it ) . 
  literally no one . 
  they ( nato ) want and they plan !!!, 
   what is there to gain in russia that would validate the losses ? 
  you just destroy major russian cities and it 's over . 
  there wo n't be any losses . 
  what to gain here ? 
  lebensraum , resources , etc. 
  i believe nato will attack us in the next years , we can try to prevent it though, 
  if they fear us , at least there is a small chance nato will not attack us ( which they plan to do in 2021 ) . 
  if they did n't fear , we all would already be dead , on ruins of nuked moscow . 
  adidas and nike are outdated . 
  fancy boys now wear new balance , stone island , ralph lauren . 
  i open up this website and see article about dugin on the main page . 
  wtf is wrong with these people , i 'm tired of seeing him everyday on reddit . 
   in your opinion , what could/should be done at this point ?
