  its the next five years that will be difficult however . 
  this might be the case . 
  varoufakis might be the fall guy in a coordinated theatrical display , agreed to behind the scenes , by all parties involved . 
  expect a deal soon . 
  it 's not enough to be highly intelligent . 
  you have to be political if you are a politician . 
  i do n't doubt his policies will help greece , but as for the negotiations , varoufakis had no business being in charge , and that falls on tsipras . 
  varoufakis should have been behind the scenes implementing policy . 
  emotive rhetoric ? 
  doing good deeds ? 
  this guy risked his life to pull 30 people out of the water , one of which was pregnant . 
  the fact that you ca n't separate the political background from a simple story of rescue is quite shameful . 
  downvoting the story is simply trying to suppress any emotion tied to your political beliefs , and is also censorship . 
  wow . 
  the fact that people are downvoting this type of story is very telling about the state of this subreddit . 
  when a country has zero debt load and income , creditors flock to them to offer debt vehicles because they know they are first in line to be paid . 
  it 's due to austerity . 
  if there was 100 % tax compliance and a complete annihilation of corruption in greece , there would still be little or no gdp growth because there are no loans available to small businesses . 
  there 's no internal investment or natural economic expansion . 
  once the fire sale privatizations are completed and the debt load barely dented , greece will be left with nothing and will be in a worse place than if they had defaulted and the creditors could n't give a fuck because they have the newspapers on their side and , therefore , the gullible masses , too naive to see what is in plain sight , an economic war being waged globally against the poor . 
  you 're not even trying . 
  here is the list of his reforms with timelines : http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/55b27a7e-d87c-11e4-ba53-00144feab7de.pdf which , by the way , was submitted early . 
  it was a hit piece , one of thousands . 
  apples and horses . 
  any sound economist will agree with him . 
  however , the troika methods were never meant to bolster the economy of greece . 
  they were intended to make greece have loan payback as the number one priority while turning the economy into a zombie state , basically a debt colony . 
  and so the massive pr campaign was created to brainwash eu citizens into believing that it is through selfish incompetence that greece is rebelling rather than sound economic principle . 
  a thousand rational , logically sound economic papers by professor varoufakis will not undue the brainwashing , due to the fact that brainwashing is dependent on emotions not logic , and thus is the basic platform of politics , a lesson he has yet to learn . 
  i blame the lack of sunlight . 
  fucking vampires , the lot of them . 
  hacks ca n't write . 
  lmao this guy 's only other story is about a seafood show in brussels . 
  russia is n't some loan shark . 
  they are at least 20 % of the eu 's trade . 
  every single nation in the eu trades with them on a substantial basis . 
  here 's one . 
  why not ? 
  sanctions have an impact on both sides . 
  military action would have brought a clear solution to the conflict . 
  at this point in time , the correct action is to draw a red line in eastern ukraine and inform putin that crossing it , by either rebels or russian soldiers would bring direct military response from the entire eu as well as the us . 
  russia is one of europe 's largest trade partners . 
  this false idea that greece is now some kind of eu traitor since they are expanding their economic ties with them , in a depression , is absolutely naive and ignorant . 
  sanctions against russia have only hurt the eu since they began . 
  have a look at gdp 's . 
  they are abysmal . 
  if the eu wanted to stop the russian aggression , they should have sent their militaries in , along with us backing , and put an end to it . 
  instead , they balked , and now every small european country on the border with russia has realized that help wo n't come from the eu until long after the first russian troops invade . 
  sanctions are a poison pill for both sides , one the eu can not afford . 
  not all privatizations are bad . 
  greece does have a lot of assets that can bring in revenue under the right deal . 
  the problem has been the fire sale sell offs where greece was clearly the loser in the deal . 
  when you owe the banks a few hundred euro 's , you have a problem . 
  when you owe a few hundred billion , they have a problem . 
  finally , we get to the heart of the matter , passed all the moral judgments , racist comments , and unfounded statements about a government who actually kept their promises to their people , finally we realize what this is truly about . 
  the banks ' money . 
  not the german taxpayer money which was simply a political tool to invoke one of the biggest unfunded political pr campaigns in a century against a country already suffering a depression . 
  no , this was always about taking advantage of a crisis , for the sake of profit . 
  there was never a grexit by force , only a voluntary one , which would have cost a lot of banks a shit load of money . 
  tsipras and the v have done their jobs well so far and finally have given the people something they have n't had in nearly 30 years , a representative government . 
  an embarrassing and horrible eight years we lived through . 
  his presidency is responsible for everything negative about the us we are still dealing with . 
  iraq , nsa , destruction of the middle class , the rise of the corporate dictatorship , and the massive culture of fear . 
  yes but we , at least here in america , could be treating these animals better before we kill them and eat them . 
  factory farming sucks . 
  i 'm a big meat eater but i always try to buy free range and locally raised beef . 
  your fast food and plus sizing clothing industries would see an epic boom . 
  it might just pull europe out of this economic slump . 
  they believe allah approves of it . 
  and cyprus had negative gdp growth last year . 
  they did everything the troika wanted them to and are still in a horrible position . 
  i think it 's time greece start the preparation for the exit . 
  leave the ez and stay in the eu if possible . 
  hi i 'm 12 and i 'm writing a paper for my social studies class . 
  `` but no fresh funds to avert bankruptcy . '', 
  what type of funds are we talking about here ? 
  a russian central bank loan ? 
  how is that sentence automatically included when the visit was clearly about economic cooperation and never about loans ? 
  that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  this idea that tsipras went to russia seeking aid is so divorced from reality that it scares me the direction our journalists are moving in . 
  i mean this is reuters , this is n't a tabloid . 
  thirty years ago , this would never be allowed . 
  this reporter would have been suspended and there would have been severe reprimands . 
  today there is no accountability . 
  and that 's because news agencies these days will publish a story like this because it will receive more clicks than a story that simply states the facts . 
  and the reason for that is because the truth is relatively boring in comparison . 
  we 've lost all our integrity . 
  shameful reporting, 
  back to freedom fries !, 
  i 'd like to know more about the latter part , where they suffered minimal employment loss during the crisis . 
  how is that possible ? 
  zach is worth at least a couple dollars from every american alone . 
  that 's nearly a billion dollars , which is what ? 
  a half a years interest for the imf ? 
  can you elaborate what that means ? 
  you mean dumb voters . 
  i 'm sure they were . 
  maybe not raising taxes but cutting spending for sure . 
  the problem is not the theory . 
  the problem is the politicians who ruin everything for the sake of votes .
