  fuck the other parties . 
  they should be hung in syntagma square as an example . 
  yeah i remember that about the sanctions being pushed through before tsipras could even read the document since they just had elections . 
  that was a bullshit move by the eu . 
  also , i disliked the us trying to tell greece not to sign the pipeline deal with russia . 
  they did n't even have a comparable offer . 
  of course greece has to sign that deal . 
  at some point , once it is paid off , it will be a valuable asset and greece needs as many of those as it can get . 
  the problem , however , is perception . 
  this is a lesson that tsipras has to learn . 
  maybe he needed to do that to secure the pipeline deal . 
  maybe he truly thinks russia is not doing anything wrong . 
  i do n't know but what i do know is that it did n't look good to the rest of the western world . 
  i 'd like to think that obama will be more vocal in the next few days for greece but this last piece of news with russian bombers being engaged by american jets is going to be top priority . 
  in the end the euro group has to realize that the sooner they find a deal the better . 
  the constant instability in the markets is not good for anybody 's economy . 
  the quickest solution to these kinds of problems is rising gdp 's for everybody . 
  the eu has to grow its way out of these setbacks . 
  that 's the only way . 
  obama has greece 's back and has said that austerity is n't working . 
  the problem is the rhetoric that tsipras has used in favor of putin and russia that wo n't allow him to say much else . 
  i have no disagreement with tsipras and greece signing pipeline deals with russia . 
  the problem is all the things he has said regarding sanctions and the general support . 
  look i personally think the pressure on the euro group to restructure the debt with partial relief is too strong now . 
  there will be a deal soon . 
  they just have to make it look to their voters like they are punishing the greek people for voting wrong for a few days and then they will have a big meeting and a deal will come . 
  i would like them to have a fourth bailout directly from finland and have them blow it on hookers and ouzo . 
  shh . 
  we need simple narratives . 
  unemployment in italy and france are both on the rise since 2012 and nobody talks about it because it is not as important as punishing a nation worth 2 % of eu gdp . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-states/unemployment-rate also this : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-states/government-budget stimulus does n't go on forever . 
  only until unemployment rates drop to normal . 
  we spent when we needed to and now we are approaching a budget surplus for fucks sake . 
  we have n't seen that since clinton !, 
  non austerity countries : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-states/unemployment-rate http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/unemployment-rate, 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/spain/unemployment-rate http://www.tradingeconomics.com/portugal/unemployment-rate http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/youth-unemployment-rate fix your bowtie, 
  fixing corruption is n't austerity . 
  also , the inflated pubic sector has been slashed down to being on par with the rest of the eu . 
  i would n't argue that was the negative side of austerity . 
  they needed that and they need a lot of other reforms that are pro-growth . 
  they need to make the country more business friendly for their own people . 
  where are the start ups ? 
  where are the entrepreneurs ? 
  why are all the best minds leaving ? 
  the negative parts of austerity to me are the slashing of pensions of people close to the poverty line or below because that deflates the economy since that money is directly spent on local businesses , and the high primary surplus requirements which prevent stimulus spending . 
  i do n't think anybody can argue that greece does n't need reforms but a lot of these pro growth reforms are n't necessarily austerity and do n't continue the deflation . 
  it does n't matter . 
  / r/europe has been flooded with articles from economists explaining the utter ridiculousness of austerity and they could care less . 
  why would they suddenly listen to a philosopher ? 
  it was a joke as to the value of the dollar . 
  if you want to make inferences on somebody 's expectation of women , you 're better off meeting them in person than just guessing based on a short internet post . 
  also this : http://royreid.ca/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/royreid.ca-richmenyoungwomen-3.jpg, 
  debt restructuring = / = debt wiped clean . 
  also , did italy get a bailout ? 
  the efsf shows them only as creditors . 
  yes . 
  they transferred the risk to the tax payers . 
  no anger for that of course . 
  much easier to blame a populace a thousand miles away than your own elected leaders . 
  you guys were pimped by your own governments to bail out the banks . 
  edit : as were we . 
  this is why all major established economists agree it was not in fact working . 
  if a gdp loses 25 % in 5 years but then gains 3 % in 2 quarters that does not mean it is working . 
  that does not constitute a recovery . 
  giving every earned cent to interest on loans that are worth 130 % of your gdp is not growth . 
  here 's a chart you yellow media chimps . 
  let 's see if you can read it . 
  because voters only understand pride and punishment . 
  they do n't understand economics . 
  tell me , how would most of europe had reacted if the eurogroup had insisted on stimulus for greece after its initial haircut ? 
  they would have had a collective stroke despite it being the the correct move to bolster the economy . 
  i 'm not sure how your calculations are working out here mate . 
  nonetheless i would carry on unabated . 
  there will an agreement within a week 's time , an extension for about two years , and everyone can move forward with their lives . 
  santorini is stunning but you should look into taking a day trip or two to some islands with more traditional beaches . 
  ( i likes naxos ) because the beaches on santorini have volcanic soot and are a bit darker . 
  either way you 're gon na have a good time . 
  i was 16, 
  where are you going , islands ? 
  ok i 'll humor you even though i know that was an unnecessary jab . 
  i remember visiting greece in the 90 's when they still had the drachma and it was absolutely awesome as an american for what you could get for your money there . 
  france was the same way with the franc . 
  you could flash a few hundreds and the girls would look at you differently . 
  now they snicker . 
  which 84 billion are you referring to ? 
  ireland 's commitment to the expanded efsf is 12 billion euro 's and that is split between all the countries receiving money from it , including ireland at 68 billion , and just like ireland , greece has yet to miss an efsf repayment and has made no mention of doing so . 
  holy fuck , there 's been like 4 of these threads in the last 24 hours each stating the exact same thing . 
  softie . 
  you had an opportunity to put an american on the ropes here in front of / r/europe and this is what you offer ? 
  `` it should be absolutely clear that the decision on whether to conclude the review of the current program and disburse further financial support to greece lies entirely with the eurogroup , so ultimately with euro-area member states , '' mr. draghi said . 
  they are part of the troika which is at the forefront of negotiations . 
  they stopped being neutral a long time ago . 
  furthermore , the ecb only accounts for 20 billion of greece 's debt . 
  that is even less than the imf . 
  the ecb has shown this entire period that they are at the whim of politicians . 
  they have to threaten it to appease their voters who are upset at the no vote only because their media told them to be upset . 
  it is already being walked back by schauble and the french . 
  care to place a wager ? 
  ela will provide liquidity soon . 
  edit : lmao .
