  i 'm sorry to hear about your parents . 
  send any links you can . 
  oh really ? 
  tell me more as we sit at dow 18,000 . 
  how do the taxes work then ? 
  dumb question but as a eu citizen , you can basically live where ever you want in the eu right ? 
  give us some charity websites if there are any you trust . 
  that 's the thing . 
  the trade imbalance would not make it worth it . 
  greece needs to develop a manufacturing base , alongside the new gas pipelines . 
  are there any charities for the hospitals we can donate to ? 
  any reason for hope on the horizon there or no ? 
  and far westerners ... 
  i thought only bankers in iceland stole things, 
  and that 's really sad that a ) there is no more journalistic integrity or pride in their work and b ) that europeans eat it up and believe it . 
  i 'm not sure how most greeks are going to forgive the constant assault , often on false media stories , that they 've endured in the midst of a 5 year depression . 
  it 's one thing to be a young person and face 50 % unemployment among your peers , it 's quite another to be constantly kicked while your down by the international press . 
  even the mood on reddit towards greeks can be absolute shit at times . 
  how is paying interest considered wasting everything everything ? 
  spain would be first . 
  i thought the airports we 're majority sold , as well as a few ports ? 
  yeah rejoice until a revolution breaks out and blood fills the streets . 
  i had a feeling the virus would start in germany . 
  at least the elephants are helping . 
  all money in 2015 is monopoly money . 
  tell me which central bank is n't printing as we speak . 
  do n't forget the 80 year olds who only want to sit down all day . 
  no it 's not . 
  why is n't turkey accepting migrants ? 
  why do n't they want to stay in turkey ? 
  phalanx formation !, 
  that 's why all i see are kalashnikovs ... 
  `` but the tsipras/juncker meeting is `` a first discussion '' and will not result in an agreement between athens and its creditors , a european commission spokesperson said on wednesday . '', 
  this is why people get tired of these articles and just downvote them . 
  everybody wants to be the first to report something , and generally what they report is wrong . 
  also this : '' `` we are a few days , i do n't want to say a few hours , away from a possible settlement , '' hollande said in a speech at the paris-based organisation of economic cooperation and development ( oecd ) on wednesday afternoon . '', 
  which completely contradicts the clickbait title . 
  i think they should take whatever they have saved up towards this payment , even if it 's substantially less , and just throw a massive fucking party in the middle of athens . 
  instead of a huge payment to the imf , how about a huge payment to ouzo companies , prostitutes , and local musical artists . 
  if you 're gon na go out , go out in style . 
  any idea why this is ? 
  we are at 35 % . 
  y' all do n't even come close . 
  your portion sizes are n't big enough . 
  how are you taking advantage of this , neutrolgreek ? 
  hows that working out for you guys ? 
  lol . 
  any coral reefs left ? 
  * american corporations, 
  yeah but that only goes to the states . 
  to be honest , i would like a vat here that would cover health care and state universities . 
  you act like all countries have a vat . 
  we do n't have a vat . 
  so how would i know that greece has a vat ? 
  then why does it say implementing the vat ? 
  ffs, 
  how will this be accepted by greeks ? 
  also , is there no current vat ? 
  `` jens weidmann also said it was questionable whether money printing by the ecb to boost the euro zone economy and halt deflation was necessary . '', 
  german gdp growth was .3 % , hardly time to cut off the fire hose , jens . 
  these are terrible first quarter numbers across the board , us included . 
  the turks are lizard people and baklava is actually irish . 
  well then i stand corrected . 
  so there were n't any street fights between the left and the right ? 
  yes and the worst thing possible happened . 
  the right started fighting the left when clearly the problem was and has always been right down the center in front of everyone . 
  a unified movement against the oligarchy and corrupt politicians is what 's needed . 
  maybe it 's time for a greek spring ? 
  it says it came mostly from tax payments ? 
  `` varoufakis was even seen leaving a tip , before flipping everyone the bird and walking out '', 
  well yes . 
  `` most people '' are the ones that decide elections . 
  it is a distinct disadvantage to not be able to communicate on their level . 
  you have to have balance in life otherwise you undermine your own ambitions , in this case , the ambitions of a nation . 
  i agree with the majority of what he has to say . 
  there 's just something that bothers me about the way he says it . 
  look at what heavy academics does to social skills . 
  look at her face at 8:44 lol, 
  i 'm really surprised that angry mobs have n't gone to their homes and pulled them into the streets and beat them during the last 7 years . 
  ireland might not like that one bit . 
  colombia it is . 
  `` a state department envoy in athens on friday planned to urge greece to embrace a western-backed project that would link europe to natural gas supplies in azerbaijan , rather than agree to a gas pipeline project pushed by moscow . '', 
  sure mr. energy secretary . 
  all you have to do is drop the imf loan interest rates to zero and write down a significant portion of it . 
  but seriously , why ca n't they do both ? 
  gas demands in europe are skyrocketing . 
  hyper metabolism . 
  burn 3000 calories a day while sitting at your desk . 
  until we 're needed in the next world war . 
  then it 's please come save us . 
  irony is not some beach in the french riviera , it 's the fully erect penis in your hand . 
  nothing to see here . 
  please move towards the next article which allows for greece bashing . 
  a positive article is not welcomed here . 
  all these vitriolic comments . 
  did a greek bone your gf while on holiday in mykonos ? 
  time to let it go ... 
  for 51 % . 
  this is not a bad deal at all for greece . 
  these airports will be modernized and tourism will expand in greece , especially to lesser visited areas .
