  this is not enough . 
  since there is a common currency and greece ca n't devalue on it 's own , other measures must be enacted to stave off the situation that has arrived . 
  the creditors are expecting a 118 % debt to gdp as far out as 2030 . 
  that 's basically debt slavery . 
  save the banks . 
  when is the maybe rally ? 
  this is what happens when the banks are in charge . 
  certainly not your bad breath . 
  any hoties out there ? 
  use some zoom , man . 
  what if all of europe donated 10 euros ? 
  so he 's a liar, 
  what is ekas ? 
  to me , this is the final nail in the coffin for any attempt at a grexit , by all parties involved . 
  time to go long grek . 
  does anybody have an argument against these proposals ? 
  this sounds a lot better than cutting the 300 euros per month poor people are getting . 
  do n't listen to these people . 
  art history is important to our civilization . 
  yes , your life will be more difficult financially but life is n't just about finances . 
  it 's about having meaning and all the money in the world can not buy you meaning . 
  they 've been leaving for years . 
  this is nothing new . 
  i get downvoted every time i state that this is all political theatre in order for both sides to sell a victory to their constituents . 
  there is far too much to lose for all sides by having greece leave the ez . 
  you realize the ecb is in the middle of qe , purchasing bonds to lower interest rates right ? 
  on top of that they will have to provide liquidity across the ez . 
  they will be stretched thin . 
  this will be europe 's lehman brothers . 
  why not ? 
  sweden is a beautiful country . 
  yes but it also makes alternative locations appear more attractive . 
  i believe you 've been had a bit by the media . 
  greece is not a war zone . 
  it 's not some banana republic where there is constant public unrest and turmoil . 
  it is a beautiful country with very welcoming locals . 
  you probably wo n't see much to be reminded that they are in a deep economic crisis , especially in mykonos . 
  ffs last time i was in mykonos , people were passing around 100 euro bottles of champagne . 
  go and enjoy yourself and treat everyone with respect and you will have one of the better times of your life . 
  easy ... 
  id rather be uninvited than unwanted like you . 
  oh not invited again huh ? 
  that 's fine , i 'll just sit here with my [ deep dish chicago pizza ] ( http://www.loumalnatis.com/filebin/images/slideshow/slide-pull-1.jpeg ) with a side of [ beef sandwich ] ( https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-1j0inqrw4vo/tsmq81bagpi/aaaaaaaahno/sndvxrqzboa/s1600/p1220292.jpg ) and keep to myself . 
  is this a 1 bedroom or what ? 
  edit : downvoted for asking a question ? 
  fight me , pussies !, 
  because nuance is too difficult for people like you to grasp . 
  of course everything you happened to mention happened inside a bubble and was n't triggered by the biggest global financial collapse since the great depression , which triggered the second world war by the way . 
  never mind the fact that the ecb is still printing like mad trying to keep the whole of the ez from plunging back into recession which it is dangerously close to doing . 
  no let 's focus on moral principle and shaming a nation into indentured permanence . 
  that way the focus is n't on our own failures . 
  you are all on sinking ships and you are pointing and criticizing the construction of the dinghy in the port worth 1.5 % of the eu economy . 
  bad teeth vs. hairy armpits, 
  i do n't blame them . 
  you 're almost 40 and they still wipe your ass . 
  y' all need to up your counterspy game a bit . 
  it 's a little embarassing ... 
  so which yogurt should we buy ? 
  submit to your overlords . 
  i 'm going to preface my response by stating that greece was in major need of reforms . 
  i 'm pretty sure nobody in greece has said otherwise in the last 5 years . 
  however , reforms and austerity are not necessarily synonymous . 
  fighting tax evasion and reforming tax collection methods is not austerity . 
  raising the retirement age for pensions to 67 , which was just proposed by syriza , is not austerity . 
  it 's common sense . 
  these are things that needed to happen , in addition to the biggest reform of all which is the bureaucracy in greece and the complete smothering of startups and small businesses in red tape . 
  but the problem is that the eurogroup wo n't even allow greece to begin these self proposed reforms , until they agree to true austerity , like a ridiculous primary surplus which guarantees near term repayments at the expense of a sustainable rebound in the country 's gdp , which puts future repayments in jeopardy . 
  a rebound in the gdp , on the other hand , will almost certainly expedite the repayment of the loans . 
  and even when greece proposed an alternate method of achieving this surplus , without cutting the pensions of poor people , by instead cutting the defense budget , it was rejected by the imf . 
  what i am saying is that member states had every right to demand reforms in their terms for the continued bailout of greece , however , they had absolutely no right to demand austerity , simply because to do so would be to put the repayment of loans above the general welfare of a country , and thusly send it into a deep depression . 
  mind you , these are the very same nations who implemented stimulus at the height of the crisis , with germany leading the way with over 100 billion euros in pure stimulus and tax breaks . 
  why ? 
  because it was suicide not to do so . 
  so where would the money come from ? 
  well where is this proposed stimulus money coming from ? 
  it just magically appeared ? 
  lets be absolutely clear about a few things . 
  the northern european countries have profoundly benefitted from having the common currency . 
  have you any idea where the deutsche mark would be today if there was no euro ? 
  have you any idea what that would do to an export driven economy ? 
  this is n't to say that the smaller economies have n't benefitted as well . 
  they have immensely through low interest loans and trade agreements , however , at the cost of full control over their currencies . 
  in economic expansion , there is little worry , however in contraction , without policies to prevent what has just happened , it is utterly disastrous to put your faith in a union that has no precedence , especially in times of crises . 
  what i had proposed from the onset , was a direct loan based stimulus program to the countries who are clearly in recession or worse , depression , with a low interest rate , to be repaid after the bailout loans are repaid . 
  instead of using the loans to pay back other loans to maintain a zombie state , which is what the bailouts have essentially done , the stimulus loans would be directly used on proven methods of boosting the economy , decreasing the massive unemployment rates , and putting money into the hands of the poorest who then boost local businesses . 
  but all of that does n't matter , because sound economic policy will always be trumped by the will of the voters and politics . 
  see what this whole thing is about is both sides being able to sell a victory to their voters , because doing the right things is n't worth it if it costs you an election , which even syriza at this point is showing signs of realizing . 
  you wan na know the best way to balance a budget ? 
  more income . 
  you know how you get more income ? 
  `` this aid funding would be used to improve greece 's infrastructure , and fund projects for long-term growth . '', 
  so let me get this straight . 
  the troika has been demanding austerity for over 5 years for greece as a solution to the debt problem , and once greece is willing to adhere to their demands , they suddenly grasp the notion of stimulus as the only viable way out ? 
  any how exactly did your country loan greece money ? 
  by buying their debt ? 
  through the ecb ? 
  could you be so kind as to elaborate ? 
  i say they put it all on black and see if it ca n't be doubled to pay for july 's payment as well . 
  nothing to lose at this point . 
  meanwhile germany is conducting deals for russian gas .
