  he only has one gear . 
  he does n't know how to be calm and express himself in a way that is n't so damn defensive . 
  in politics you need to make people buy into your position and the best way to do that is to be approachable and amicable . 
  this does n't mean bending over backwards . 
  you can be firm and still be approachable . 
  also , the world already knows his background and how intelligent he is . 
  there was never a need to keep acting in a manner that throws this into everybody 's face . 
  it 's like he feels he always has to defend his background and his merit for being finance minister . 
  i still agree with all his reform proposals but god damn does he need an attitude makeover . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but when you say none of which have been dealt with , it is because the reform measures that greece has already agreed to , are not allowed before parliament to become law , until all of the agreements are agreed to , per the eurogroup . 
  this is true . 
  it 's the eurogroup that has refused . 
  it was our american culture that pulled us out of the great recession 6 years ago . 
  it was n't our stimulus program or qe . 
  yay american culture !!, 
  saving the world once again !, 
  it 's probably optimistic . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm honestly shocked by what i see when i come to this subreddit and what i see all over the place online . 
  all you see is people slamming greece . 
  it 's everywhere . 
  i do n't think they realize that there are actual innocent greek people that have to wake up every day and read this shit day in day out . 
  either that or they do n't give a fuck . 
  to be honest , like i said before , i would vote no . 
  i would because this is the opportunity for the greek people to say we meant it when we elected syriza . 
  we are done with austerity . 
  it 's not working and every economist can see that . 
  no means the fight continues and i believe more people come to greece 's side . 
  i 'm seeing more and more articles taking greece 's side . 
  i just do n't think there is enough political capital to push greece into an exit . 
  i do n't think people realize what that will do to the psyche of the union . 
  i think it will be finished at that point . 
  people can posture all they want but in the end they will all realize that this was a massive failure and that another one can happen at any time . 
  i do n't think so . 
  the new government and immediate acceptance of all reforms will give a major victory to schauble , lagarde , disselbloom , and juncker . 
  all the europeans will be happy because greece gave up and accepted . 
  they will feel good about themselves and that life is fair . 
  over time they will then begin to pity and more will even take sides with greece . 
  the debt forgiveness ( probably 40 % ) will be much easier to pass politically because by that point people will have seen over ten years of greek suffering . 
  tsipras announces lack of confidence and snap elections are held . 
  markets go nuts . 
  other greek political parties scramble to make syriza out to be a complete failure . 
  it breaks up and is absorbed by the other parties . 
  tsipras stays as party leader but is for all intents and purposes finished . 
  varoufakis goes back to being an academic and a few years from now makes some good money giving speeches . 
  all the clowns , old and new , come out of the wood work to campaign for the government . 
  the ela and ecb step in to give full liquidity to greek banks . 
  the eurogroup , ecb , and imf immediately state that a 3rd bailout package will be negotiated in good faith with the next government , in order to calm markets . 
  new democracy barely wins the election and forms a coalition with to potami and another minority party . 
  they are finished . 
  meanwhile golden dawn and the communist party both gain more seats . 
  as soon as the government is formed immediate negotiations take place . 
  the new pm agrees to all reform demands . 
  there is high-fiving and ass slapping and it is declared a day of victory for europe . 
  a new and final 40 to 70 billion euro bailout is approved . 
  markets skyrocket and all appears to be well and good . 
  the reforms are brought before parliament and are enacted into law . 
  ever so slowly they are implemented into the new greek way of life . 
  in three years time , greek unemployment drops to 20 % and gdp rises , albeit it very modestly . 
  in four years it becomes increasingly clear that the debt is again unsustainable and there is significant debt forgiveness . 
  it 's a beautiful country to be honest . 
  i 've been there several times on vacation . 
  google vieques and see for yourself . 
  i just ca n't understand why so many of you guys ca n't see this for what it is . 
  they are trying to get rid of governments that would oppose the federalization of europe , so they can fucking fleece it . 
  populism , however , is on the rise everywhere . 
  because people have had enough of the banks doing whatever the fuck they want and having no repercussions . 
  people are tired of corporations writing the laws and corrupting every mp , senator , and governor . 
  you can point your fingers at the greeks and call them whatever name you wish but , at the current time , they are the only ones standing up to it . 
  they are the only ones who are exercising a true democracy . 
  what do you think will happen if they are forced into debt slavery without any restructuring or term adjustment ? 
  you think that money is going to benefit your personal lives ? 
  that somehow the interest payments on cartoon-like imf figures is going to better europe ? 
  these are imaginary numbers . 
  fucking monopoly money . 
  this is fiat currency . 
  the numbers are made up . 
  the ecb prints all it wants just like the rest of the central banks . 
  it 's a farce . 
  and yet you guys are willing to throw 11 million people into a blackhole because moral principle or whatever you tell yourselves as to why they deserve it . 
  greece is 1 % of the eu economy . 
  that 's like puerto rico for us . 
  they are defaulting as well . 
  you do n't see us calling them names and demanding they be thrown out of the united states do you ? 
  the rest of us will eat it because that 's what you do in union . 
  you do n't shit on the little guy when he 's down , you pick him up . 
  yes . 
  it 's their future too . 
  to be honest , nobody knows what a no vote will bring . 
  as far as i know , nobody has come out and said , if the vote is no , then we will force a grexit . 
  also , the technicalities of an exit are very complex . 
  so a no vote to me could have one of the following results : 1 . 
  no more loans and greece defaults on the eurogroup loans in addition to the imf loans , exits the eurozone voluntarily and issues the drachma . 
  status in the eu is unknown . 
  no more loans and greece defaults , however points out that there is no basis for a grexit and issues the drachma as a parallel currency , thus remaining in the ez and eu . 
  more negotiations take place and a short term deal is reached . 
  this continues on the same path . 
  i would say 3 is the most likely . 
  there could also be a standing offer : capitulate completely to our demands and we will offer debt relief in 5 years time if the reforms are enacted . 
  we just ca n't make that public yet .
