  it simply a direct copy for discussion . 
  this is shameful . 
  cherry picking my quote i see . 
  also , i never mentioned greece , though that is one topic . 
  shall we discuss the other quickly downvoted topics ? 
  anybody here want to talk about migrants ? 
  it 's not fixed though . 
  when you have members who stalk the new submissions and immediately downvote the headlines they disagree with , posts get buried and never make it past the new tab . 
  this is a good article . 
  the barbarians in this sub downvote anything that does n't appeal to their deluded point of view . 
  i bet none of them read it either . 
  the advisor cites threats proffered to varoufakis by eurogroup president jeroen dijsselbloem , warning he would sink greece 's banks unless the tsipras government bowed to the harsh deal on offer , and by german finance minister wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , who he says demanded : `` how much money do you want to leave the euro ? '', 
  is there any info on this 12 billion euro austerity package ? 
  ahem . 
  do n't forget about us . 
  is there another conservative party that you trust ? 
  wow . 
  you got a link for this ? 
  i was just in vieques . 
  i had a blast !, 
  because you risk doing damage to global markets including our own . 
  nothing against social dems . 
  pasok is just a corrupt party . 
  they need a new party . 
  i just want to make a point about that pic . 
  i do n't have a lot against ms. merkel . 
  germany has thrived under her rule in almost all categories . 
  she seized on an opportunity to grow inside the ez and she has done exactly that . 
  i find nothing wrong with that . 
  what i do have a problem with is the way in which the entire process of recovery from 2009 has been handled . 
  this could have been solved a long time ago in a less politically and less hatred filled way . 
  both sides let the newspapers run wild with hatred and bigotry and now we have a ridiculous situation right in the middle of a market collapse of a superpower . 
  this whole thing has cost the eu and global markets a lot of money and for what ? 
  to humiliate a nation 2 % of the eu gdp for moral principal and to subvert a rookie political party ? 
  also , my comment is not meant to absolve syriza of their responsibilities . 
  they have a lot of work to do to even begin to make the last 6 years fair to the people have lived through this . 
  greece is ranked something like 150th for business climate . 
  that is unacceptable . 
  imagine you are an entrepreneur and have a fantastic idea and you have to leave your own damn country to be able to even have a chance at it . 
  the corruption , the swiss bank accounts , the nepotism , the wasted opportunities . 
  all this stuff needs to end but they have absolutely no chance at it under 170 % of gdp of debt on their shoulders . 
  no freaking chance . 
  it 's cute to say that but in the end they will listen to him . 
  logic finally will prevail . 
  i 've been saying this all week and you 'll find my comments towards the bottom of the posts . 
  the eu and the global economy can not sustain a grexit without significant damage that would dwarf the amount needed for debt relief . 
  it is economic suicide for political incompetence . 
  we are the top economy for a reason . 
  pay attention . 
  at 3000 drachmas to one euro , you will be repaid in full on october 28th 3024 . 
  2.5 mods reserve the right to remove egregiously low quality content under limited circumstances, 
  our congress is so boring in comparison . 
  i could watch this stuff all day . 
  science is only black and white when it is proven . 
  is a fried egg good for me ? 
  only the white ? 
  only the yolk ? 
  only boiled ? 
  only on friday ? 
  with no cholesterol ? 
  with extra cholesterol ? 
  debt restructuring prevents a debt default which costs the same tax payers all of the money instead of a small amount . 
  i 'm not asking for that . 
  i 'm just asking for the ones posted not to be downvoted . 
  i never knew loan qualifications were based on living standards . 
  i thought loans were made to receive interest rate payments , you know , an actual profit ? 
  or could it be that my bank feels sorry for me and wants me to have an auto loan out of the goodness of its heart . 
  ultimately each country has implemented policies that were voted upon in their own parliaments . 
  these are sovereign nations that have decided their own economic policy . 
  i 'd like to grexit her hotel room . 
  the speech was made in the eu parliament ??? 
  where else would it be posted ? 
  god forbid other countries stand up for themselves and do what is right for them , not for their overlords . 
  is there a link to his speech today ? 
  but why were they both downvoted ? 
  do they not add to the discussion ? 
  or are we now downvoting posts simply because we do not agree with them ? 
  was he waving it around during his speech today ? 
  fuck i missed it . 
  you might be right . 
  i believe the eu is a great idea . 
  i 'm not quite sure about the ez however . 
  without measures to protect the smaller economies in times of crisis , it is only helping the larger ones . 
  an exit from the ez but still remaining in the eu may be greece 's best option . 
  if there was n't any worry about a market implosion from a grexit , the ez would have forced greece out years ago . 
  the idea that they are attempting to form a deal out of the goodness of their hearts is quite laughable . 
  the problem i have is this . 
  a grexit will ultimately cost the ez economy and global economy an exponentially higher amount than a 30 % debt forgiveness that the imf has proposed . 
  to me it 's a profoundly stupid idea based on politics and not sound economic principle . 
  that 's fair . 
  one thing is clear . 
  that market does not like any talk of a grexit and rallies on any talk of a deal . 
  12390 to 10654 is 14 % lol we 're downvoting mathematics now !, 
  sell in may is responsible for a 14 % move ? 
  the exit has n't even happened and the ecb is still purchasing debt according to qe and bond yields are still rising in the last 2 months . 
  they will skyrocket on word of a true grexit . 
  also , a grexit is n't an end to uncertainty , it is merely the start of even more uncertainty , because a precedent will be set and the bond market will immediately focus on the next weakest link . 
  it will be a domino effect . 
  the efsf currently is a performing asset . 
  there are interest payments being made .
