  where is the grexit you all predicted ? 
  hmm ? 
  i 've made my position here a long time ago that this was all theatrics en route to a deal . 
  there is no exit and all signs point to continued negotiations . 
  i do n't understand the downvotes . 
  he 'd be stupid not to write one . 
  i 'd read it . 
  because they are mostly american teenagers who could n't find the countries they are discussing on a map . 
  every time schauble scowls a german baby starts crying . 
  is there any info on tsakalotos available ? 
  i 'm pretty sure all americans support that . 
  `` i applaud the people of greece for saying ` no ' to more austerity for the the poor , the children , the sick and the elderly . '', 
  agreed . 
  i do n't think people realize what full euro zone potential would look like when realized . 
  this is why it is so painful to watch this infighting over what is ultimately a speed bump in the rear view mirror . 
  all sides made mistakes . 
  they were to be expected . 
  time for all sides to work together and move forward . 
  an obnoxious , abrasive , amateurish , and awkward tsipras/varoufakis is a million times better than any of the other corrupt oligarchy puppets greece has had for the last 20 years . 
  they are far from ideal but at least they are honest and represent the people and democracy . 
  this is good for the ez exports . 
  dear butthurt / r/europe readers who bit into the media salt lick . 
  greece has not missed any efsf repayments yet and has only delayed it 's imf payment . 
  this was n't a vote on paying back debt but a vote on a failed economic policy agreed to by a previous corrupt administration . 
  the eu taxpayers have a right to be mad . 
  they are just mad at the wrong people . 
  we bailed out the banks in america as well . 
  the majority of them are back to making record profits . 
  the middle class , however , never recovered . 
  the wave of populism is a direct result of how 2009 was handled . 
  it 's growing everywhere . 
  a yes vote would have given nd the government back . 
  would you have been ok with samaras again ? 
  finland represents 1.8 % of the efsf . 
  as a comparison greece itself represents 2.8 % . 
  hardly an economic meltdown in comparison to finland gdp . 
  looks like you 'll be spending some of that trust fund on anger management classes . 
  he 's 15 . 
  to be honest , all countries need to do this . 
  i thought us media was shit . 
  it is but they have company . 
  show me and i 'll send you some . 
  can we stop posting zh here . 
  it 's a shit rag . 
  i agree with a lot of your frustrations with syriza but does n't a yes vote just hand the country back to the oligarchy ? 
  in my opinion the stupid antics of v and tsipras is a necessary evil because at least they are untainted . 
  which acrylics are you talking about ? 
  i 'm aware . 
  that was 20 years ago . 
  and the us defused the situation because both are nato nations . 
  the military spending in greece should not be 4 % of gdp . 
  turkey would never mess with an eu nation at this point . 
  there is no need for a damn arms race . 
  turkey should be looked at as trading partner . 
  cooperation is the way forward for both nations . 
  yes they did . 
  also , the main reason we won is because we changed tactics from open field lines to more modern platoons . 
  not arguing that at all . 
  but at a certain point it became a quagmire and we should have just left . 
  i 'm a eu dual citizen . 
  come make me . 
  it used to be 87 . 
  because there is a major shift in sentiment on greece with both voters and political leaders , as well as the imf going on right now . 
  schauble has to hedge himself against a no vote . 
  also , a yes vote creates much more instability than a no vote as there is no guarantee that a new government could be formed quickly enough to prevent a catastrophe . 
  i am still predicting an intervention of some sort in the next 12 hours to nulify the referendum and bring everyone back to the negotiations . 
  here is an article . 
  its not in debth but i have to get going . 
  they are . 
  if you search varoufakis reforms in this sub you will find a list of his reforms which are based on going after tax evasion of all kinds . 
  there was recently a warrant issued for a member of the metaxa family , which is one of greece 's largest liquor companies , for tax evasion . 
  he was on the famous lagarde list of tax evaders . 
  there has always been heavy rhetoric against the `` oligarchy '' since before syriza even won the elections . 
  the oligarchy has in turn flooded the media with yes vote propaganda the last week and is banking on a yes win for new elections and the removal of syriza and thus a return to the status quo . 
  the problem with the reform measures is that they are not allowed to bring any of them before parliament to be voted into law until there is an agreement on all the measures . 
  so even the ones they have already agreed to , which would greatly benefit the current situation , are on hold until a deal is reached . 
  i would actually argue that the ez can not stomach a grexit simply because the loans to greece constitute 245 billion euros of the efsf , in comparison to 76.8 billion for portugal , 68.2 billion for ireland , and 41.3 billion for spain . 
  a 70 % loss or more resulting from a grexit would equal roughly 170 billion euros wiped off the books of the euro zone along with elevated interest rates across every borrowing vehicle available . 
  the interest rates on portuguese bonds would skyrocket and cause them to be unserviceable . 
  they would then need direct action from the ecb , which is already dealing with an expanded balance sheet until mid 2016 with their qe program . 
  it is much easier and efficient to relieve 30 to 40 billion of the current program and extend the payback , which is a drop in the bucket based on ez gdp . 
  the problem is selling it back to the voters and surviving the next elections . 
  this is why the negotiations are so contentious . 
  the actual reform measures , the ones at the source of the fight , are quite small in monetary terms but they represent a massive political victory for either side , because they are in terms everyday people can understand . 
  the problem is that the medicine that greece needs ( stimulus as well as the removal of bureaucracy and increased tax collection and reform ) is not viewed as punishment in the same way as pension cuts and vat increases . 
  and for some reason the human psyche needs to see punishment before they consider forgiveness . 
  it 's not a struggle of ideology but of survival . 
  here in the us , election campaigns begin the day after elections , meaning that the number one priority is to stay in power . 
  the ez leaders do not fear the rise of the radical left as a threat of ideology but as a financial and political threat . 
  if syriza secures debt relief from the efsf , then this will be a victory for populist parties across the ez of countries who have also borrowed from the efsf , and a large section of the 500 billion euro fund could be wiped out . 
  this will then cost the creditor nations ruling parties . 
  this is why renzi has been so vocal lately because italy makes up something like 18 % of the efsf . 
  they are lendors not borrowers and they know the risks . 
  on the other hand they also know that know that a partial restructuring is much more preferable to a complete default which would cost them probably 70 cents on the euro . 
  at least spell weirdo right , red coat . 
  this is correct and what this whole charade is all about . 
  the next elections and keeping the far left out of power for the other countries . 
  the only thing that makes it difficult is that it must be sold to the voters on both sides as a victory because both sides favor reelection over a proper solution . 
  nationalism is the main foundation of fascism . 
  [ 151 ] the fascist view of a nation is of a single organic entity which binds people together by their ancestry and is a natural unifying force of people .
