  if there 's also new greek jobs created then this exponentially helps the economy . 
  is this for a lease or permanent sale ? 
  thank god you have a tag on your underwear to tell you which way is which . 
  who is second ? 
  debt relief will come in a year or two after a flood of news stories like this one published by the same newspapers that white washed greeks and demanded an exit . 
  its almost like they prepare the public on how the government wants them to feel and then vote . 
  this must be a new phenomenon and that 's why people still allow themselves to be brainwashed . 
  it could n't be that this has gone on for thousands of years because then somebody could point out the obvious that humanity is progressing only in technology and not in intelligence . 
  and most constituents know fuck all about economics, 
  right wing trust funders are the majority of this sub, 
  do you mind loaning the money for repairs ? 
  `` the airports include those of aktion , chania , corfu , kavala , kefalonia , kos , mytilene , mykonos , rhodes , samos , santorini , skiathos , thessaloniki and zakynthos . '', 
  i wonder how much flights would cost between these airports . 
  if it 's affordable , i think this could be great for increased tourism . 
  do you know offhand what percentage of the ports will remain in greece 's ownership ? 
  1 mil is 1 mil whether you make 20k or 100k . 
  it 's about the person not what they make . 
  because you and your friends are the ones that are pretty stupid and i do n't mean that in an insulting way , only in a descriptive way . 
  and i 'll explain why . 
  you have allowed yourselves to be swept up in yellow journalism and headline mania . 
  you have allowed yourselves to believe that it is possible to kick a country out of the ez and eu for being disobedient or in some way violating some ill conceived notion of fiscal morality , when in reality it is neither legal nor economicly sound to do so . 
  as a matter of fact it would destroy both the political fabric as well as the economic landscape of the euro zone . 
  the idea of a grexit was the stick both sides threatened the donkey with and neither side had the courage to use because it would have killed the donkey and any hopes of the euro zone to enter its second decade . 
  one by one the weakest nations would be pushed down the carved path they had blazed with greece and in doing so would serve as a warning to other nations who had planned to enter , that the project is one where terms are dictated and not negotiated . 
  so take this as a lesson that we should use our impulses to better ourselves and seek out knowledge rather than seek out like minded miscreants hell bent on revenge for some manufactured affront paid for by your very own viewership . 
  acting like freaking children . 
  why is the gay community participating ? 
  while turkey is bombing both groups, 
  except that russia accounts for a third of eu trade . 
  guy acts like it 's his union . 
  is it our union ? 
  i 'm surprised you did n't realize that the colder temperatures are for the obese so they do n't die of heat stroke . 
  heavier people stay hotter in temperatures that the rest of us feel cool in . 
  where do heavier people always eat ? 
  yep . 
  it is a race . 
  and freaking ethiopia and kenya always win . 
  bastards can run for days . 
  try and touch it during the wrong week and it will have a full meltdown . 
   i might have a bit of schadenfreude this is a common symptom of lack of sex with attractive women . 
  have her take a picture of you touching the reactor . 
  someone wants turkey to join the fray . 
  perhaps they will try to pin it on the kurds . 
  lol bavaria is the german texas . 
  why does it always come down to an argument over who has it worse ? 
  that is such a defeatist mentality . 
  the point of the eu project was to raise the quality of life for all member nations , not to knock them down and have them argue about why they belong at a previous level . 
  good article . 
  this is the way out of this mess . 
  got ta clear the way for these guys and support them . 
  which loan have they gotten out of ? 
  a country is not a company . 
  that fridge is going to privatize your feta and tomato sandwich . 
  jeremy bender , your journalism professor is deeply disappointed in your choice of title . 
  you better call them and apologize . 
  well if these are minority deals that make both greece and those companies money then i do n't see the problem . 
  only fire sales and surrendering full control are problems in my opinion . 
  yes , it is from altruism that they `` help '' them . 
  it could n't be that they agreed to be in a currency union which has done [ this ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/gdp ) for them . 
  because they 're too charming, 
  did it undermine things when german debt was forgiven ? 
  in the end schauble answers to a french woman ... , 
  it 's not a secret . 
  it is politically difficult to sell debt relief to the wolves of northern europe until the austerity is voted in , implemented , and suffered through . 
  once greece shows primary surpluses again and is viewed by northern europeans as a country of subordinates acting the way they are told , only then will the politicians be able to say , `` see everyone . 
  greece is behaving and they are improving because they listened to us . 
  they will not need new money again . 
  but perhaps we need to look into relieving some of their debt . '', 
  it will pass but by that point unemployment will be 30 % and debt load will be the size of jupiter . 
  but it 's ok because they are austeering and being good little doms . 
  no shit . 
  they went bankrupt because of their lending . 
  the subprime crisis was 2009 . 
   theres no `` just do it and hope everything is fine in the end '' when you put yourself in that situation . 
  this is exactly what managers at washington mutual , and other banks like it , told their employees when it came to mortgage loan approvals . 
  this is exactly what caused the global collapse . 
  bad loans packaged up as good loans and sold across the globe in derivatives . 
  how come nobody blamed the american borrowers ? 
  i understand man but hammering the greeks all the time is not going to improve your situation . 
  also , if they get the punishment you feel they deserve , it still wo n't make you happy long term in your life . 
  have you tried lifting weights instead of drinking ? 
  it would take care of the anger and it would get you a girl soon enough . 
  it could start a chain reaction of positivity in your life . 
  also , there 's nothing wrong with 30 . 
  i 've been happier in my 30 's than i ever was in my 20 's . 
  less bullshit and more fun . 
  vilefrog , why you mad at the world ? 
  what 's going on in your life ? 
  because your prime minister would use it to buy hookers and boats . 
  he basically said you guys held a referendum . 
  the greek people voted 62 % no on it . 
  they showed they were not afraid of the result and you guys went back and got your asses handed to you in the negotiations and you come back hugging each other like you accomplished something . 
  said greece needs to go back to it 's own currency . 
  that was the first part of the current speaker . 
  i tuned him out after a while . 
  you just delay repayments for two years in order for greece to rebuild its gdp and then you tie repayments to its further growth . 
   hell , a large majority in greece is in favor of the creation of a european army . 
  what would the nato implications of this be ? 
  greece would invest from its own primary surplus , which in the current deal is allocated to debt repayment . 
  i agree .
