  from the pensions of poor greeks to the coffers of the imf . 
  all the while , millions of eu citizens act like wind up toys to whatever their local papers tell them to believe . 
  what the fuck is right . 
  journalistic standards along with integrity have gone down the toilet . 
  if there are no consequences for false reporting , then these news agencies have nothing to lose by just throwing shit at the wall and assuming something will stick . 
  they just need time to rebuild the economy . 
  so freeze all payments until their gdp rises enough so they are no longer in a recession . 
  then tie the payback of the loans to gdp . 
  in good years , they payback more , in difficult years , they pay less . 
  i would say a stimulus package like the one in 2010 is needed again . 
  none of the economies are as healthy as they need to be , with some on the brink of recession . 
  greece would , through their own money , due to the freeze of loan repayments , invoke their own stimulus as well . 
  the list of reforms they put forward covers the shedding of bureaucracy . 
  they just need time to implement them , without the constant threat of defaulting or being kicked out . 
  ^ ^ ^ this one is well informed . 
  source for radical ideas ? 
  austerity is for household budgets with fixed income , not economies . 
  `` instead , severe austerity tends to turn recessions into depressions , consign millions to the dole or under-employment and lead to frightening political turbulence . 
  the most famous episode of austerity was during the interwar years , as germany , britain , france and japan all fought to stay on the gold standard even amid the great depression . 
  the deflationary impact of keeping their currencies pegged to gold , along with the austerity policies they followed to do so , was disastrous . 
  in britain , unemployment jumped from 10.4 % in 1929 to 22.1 % by early 1932 , even while government debt surged . 
  in germany , the social democrats stupidly clung to the orthodoxy of austerity , pushing joblessness up to to 30 % by 1932 , and opening the door to the nazis . '', 
  from http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/mar/11/austerity-almost-never-works, 
  there are plenty of qualified economists . 
  however , they work for the politicians and politics will always trump logical economics . 
  also there will be huge demand for the cheaper exports , labour , and tourism . 
  it may suck initially but greece will prosper in the long run , free from all this debt . 
  it 's not as if the trading partners will suddenly disappear . 
  the current method sucks . 
  the answer was always stimulus and you guys failed completely . 
  of course reforms were needed , but austerity has set these nations back a generation . 
  the goal of austerity was to put the banks priorities above those of the citizens . 
  that does not equal sustainable growth . 
  cutting spending , while in a deflationary spiral , while simultaneously increasing taxes , on the very people who can ill afford them , may give you a primary surplus , but it will also give you riots and an election loss , not to mention continued deflation , while already in a depression . 
  if the goal is to make the citizens of indebted nations debt-slaves , then yes it was working . 
  if the goal is to build a union of healthy economies , then the last few years are nothing more than abject failure and a dog and pony show . 
  yep . 
  there is no justification for 18,000 dow , other than fed stimulus and zero interest rates . 
  the rest of the economy is incongruent to these kind of record levels . 
  and yet , inflation is still far below the 2 % desired threshold ( except for food ) and so they have yet to raise rates even a single tenth of a percent . 
  and all those were covered in the list of reforms . 
  literally each one was covered , including the privatization which syriza even said they were canceling . 
  people need to understand that when you give money to the poorest people , they spend it immediately on their own survival , thus the money goes directly back into the economy . 
  it is stimulus in the most direct way . 
  which economy is that ? 
  the economic collapse of 2009 that even brought america to its knees destroyed the greek economy , as well as a few dozen other economies . 
  there was massive panic here and loads of suicides . 
  unemployment reached a level unheard of in america , at least not since the great depression . 
  then , we implemented massive stimulus , for better or for worse , along with plummeting the dollar , to make our exports more valuable , as well as ridiculously large bond purchases , and dropping interest rates to zero . 
  ( on a side note , had the ecb not waited 6 damn years to devalue the euro , the eu would have been in a much better place today . ), 
  today we are nearing the unemployment levels from before the crisis and companies have been making record profits for the last few years ( have a look at the dow ) . 
  the point is , larger more diverse economies will recover quicker than smaller less diverse economies . 
  these are just facts . 
  what you are doing here is nothing less than victim blaming . 
  were the greeks over - leveraged ? 
  sure , but they also brought consistent growth , year over year , for i think something like 12 straight years , leading up to the crisis . 
  and yet , here we have the entire union attempting to shame a country that represents 1.5 % of economic output , as if they are to blame for what 's happened ( and currently happening in the eu ) economically . 
  have a look around . 
  german gdp growth in q4 of 2014 was only 1.6 % , france 's was a pathetic .24 , dangerously close to a recession . 
  the netherlands ? 
  i think you get my point here . 
  it 's not as if the rest of the ez is soaring economically , and yet here everyone is intent on attacking the weakest links , instead of shoring up the entire union . 
  what happens if the market crashes again in the next three years ? 
  it 's very feasible considering the near decade long run its had . 
  is the eurozone prepared for it ? 
  can you give some examples of supply side reforms ? 
  you have to distinguish between the media wind-up toys and the actual informed sub members here . 
  there is a lot of animosity towards greeks in here and that 's because they are currently in the spotlight ( going on how many years now ? ) . 
  when that spotlight ( media ) shifts back towards one of the other struggling countries , there will be animosity towards them , simply because the newspaper told them to have animosity towards them . 
  however , facts remain facts and the reason i come to this sub is to filter out all the bullshit and just learn something that 's real , what 's actually going on . 
  i read through that entire list of reforms and found nothing that represents a far-left radical government . 
  all of those measures were representative of a centrist government with an emphasis on business and eliminating bureaucracy . 
  and if i 'm totally honest , i 'm actually jealous , as an american , because i want a lot of those policies implemented here . 
  our corporations here legally avoid taxes on a profound level , all the while the quality of our education plummets , the poor here become permanently poor with how corrupt our health system is , and the middle class borders on elimination . 
  if people were to actually read through that list ( took me over an hour ) then i think people would realize that this is far more political than practical . 
  i try to ignore the rhetoric . 
  it 's only purpose is to rile up the voting base . 
  these are some genuinely beneficial proposals i 'm reading here , not necessarily because of the debt , but because these reforms are necessary , regardless of economic position . 
  also , i do n't see any heavy burden being added to the citizenry . 
  there is a special tax on businesses and a tax on vehicles , but beyond that i do n't see any immediate gouging . 
  i have n't finished reading it though . 
  how else do you recommend exiting a depression ? 
  2.9 % to 3.7 % gdp growth is actually rather small considering the level of contraction it has faced since the crisis started . 
  http://www.ekathimerini.com/4dcgi/_w_articles_wsite2_1_01/04/2015_548747 try reading, 
  i did already in the reform post . 
  because he has reached his word quota for the day and still needs to find clean underwear with his name on it . 
  tl ; dr * purpose of the document is to unlock short term financing vis a vis both ecb qe and creditors . 
  * real gdp growth to be 2.9 % in 2015 and 3.7 % in 2016 driven by consumption and investment plans * estimated unemployment in 2015 23.4 % and in 2016 21.1 % * 1.2 % primary surplus 2015 . 
  could increase substatially if measures to increase tax revenues are effective . 
  * old tax system is archaic , flawed , and ill-inforced . 
  new system will take quite some time to fully implement but will see substantial income gains for the long haul . 
  * the country 's financing needs stand at 19 billion euros . 
  net expenditures .6 % of gdp * fiscal impact of reform program between 1.9 to 2.7 % of gdp from baseline of 1.2 % * there 's a list of tax reforms with the most notable being audits of bank transfers and offshore entities , combating illegal trade on commodities , combat vat fraud , and the introduction of a vat lottery scheme . 
  also , there is the introduction of e-gaming ( gambling ) , electronic payments to combat shadow economy , and social security reform . 
  all told , expected new revenues from reforms 4,684,000 to 6,111,000 . 
  to think that `` the market '' will respond favorabely to greece leaving the union i think is wishful thinking . 
  first and foremost , how would they leave ? 
  on their own ? 
  if so , why would anybody purchase the debt of other countries who are struggling , when they can simply decide that it is better to leave and default than pay ? 
  if they are forced out ?
