  flying around the islands is way better than the long ferry rides . 
  yes because the average greek , working the most hours of any country in europe , caused the economic collapse of 2009 , through their lavish lifestyles . 
  it had nothing to do with banks being over-leveraged or wholesale corruption of past regimes . 
  put him in a chokehold v !, 
  one of the better articles i 've read on the crisis . 
  all sides need to come together in the next few months . 
  51 % stake which still leaves a sizeable portion for greece . 
  why is there a monopoly on gambling ? 
  let some more companies in and tax the shit out of them . 
  being critical of the handling of the economic crisis does not preclude staying in the union . 
  it simply means that the current path is not the correct one . 
  if being critical of the current approach while simultaneously valuing the potential of the union is somehow foreign to your basic comprehension than perhaps you have a different understanding of how partnerships work . 
  and america is only a privileged nation when you are born privileged . 
  the rest of us face the same struggles that eu citizens face . 
  regardless , where i 'm from does not invalidate what i 've said or what i 'm continuing to say which is that the current handling of the situation in greece , as well as in the other struggling nations , is inferior to the basic logic of economic policy , which is that only stimulus can end the deflationary spiral . 
  accepting austerity to remain in the eu is akin to swallowing cyanide to stay in the hospital . 
  and you should be questioning where the unwavering acceptance of all things eu have gotten both your own country as well the others in the last few years . 
  last i checked , the central bank , and it 's revolving door of fools , is still unable to stabilize the eu global economy , nearly eight years after the crisis . 
  have you had a look at gdp growth ? 
  are you ready to surrender sovereignty and forfeit dissenting opinions towards an unelected group of beaurocrats ? 
  i 'd like to know what inspires that kind of confidence . 
  certainly it ca n't be performance . 
  the eu was intended to be a democratic union of sovereign nations , and yet , in the midst of an ongoing crisis , is looking ever more like a dictatorship . 
  blind acceptance is not patriotic and neither is slamming skeptical opinions . 
  greece has always needed europe and europe has always needed greece . 
  that has never and will never change . 
  apparently europeans want even your jokes reformed . 
  fm : if you dont reform by the gala dinner , you ca n't come . 
  marxist is just a term people use on political resumes and at dinner parties . 
  it has no practical use in modern politics . 
  it 's just another word for hipster . 
  so who is this other guy they put in charge now ? 
  know anything about him ? 
  yes because countries do n't recover from defaults . 
  it is equally weird that voters of a country who spent over 100 billion on stimulus to recover from economic collapse are demanding austerity from countries who do not have access to that kind of capital . 
  also , responsibility is a two way street . 
  instead of defaulting and damaging the economy of the union further , already bordering on recession and needing central bank bond purchasing , greece has taken on the responsibility of paying its debt . 
  they are generating a surplus and are paying on time . 
  there have been no missed payments under the current regime and no plans to . 
  the ez is holding back on already agreed to bailout terms made under the previous regime , in order to hold hostage the current regime for political gain . 
  further reaching reforms are counter productive to growth in greece , which would thus limit their ability to pay back the loans . 
  cutting pensions of poor people takes money directly out of the economy and continues the deflationary spiral that greece has yet to exit . 
  here in america , obama gave tax breaks and stimulus checks to the poor and they went out and spent it , leading to economic growth . 
  i 'm not sure how the ez can consistently ignore proven economic policies of exiting economic collapse in order to push through policies that have shown no success in history , simply for the benefit of its banks . 
  the problem i have here is consistent misinformation . 
  how can you honestly say that greece is refusing to reform after they have already turned in 10 pages of reforms ? 
  where are you getting this from ? 
  where is the request for a haircut ? 
  also , since peak gdp growth in 2007 of 10.7 , slovakia has seen year after year of consistent reduced growth , ending with only 1.4 in 2013 . 
  this is consistent with the rest of the eu , so clearly something is wrong here , hence the ecb 's aggressive action . 
  best of luck to you guys . 
  sorry for the tone . 
  lol . 
  you 're not even informed enough to make your own argument . 
  so let me make it for you . 
  `` that was a one time thing due to the policy allowing citizens to pay only half of their old tax debt . '', 
  there was no punishment . 
  that 's why people rushed to pay . 
  regardless , it is not fully collected yet and the policies listed in the list of reforms will start coming online starting in the second quarter . 
  the problem with this quote is that all governments operate on other people 's money . 
  you would n't have had that money without joining the eu anyways . 
  the fund is not just for greece . 
  it 's gone to several nations so far . 
  and yet their surplus for this quarter was much higher than forecast or did you conviently skip over that article ? 
  when you can wipe 300 billion off the income statements of eu banks with one referendum , you have more power than politicians are willing to admit . 
  it 's his voters that see it that way . 
  somehow the national debt woes of a country make its citizens second class . 
  here is the equation : corrupt government + high debt load + global economic disaster ( three things citizens ca n't control ) = lazy workers who should suffer more in a depression . 
  but that 's not the only ridiculous eu equation going around . 
  this one is by far more insane : global financial disaster + insolvent economy + deflationary spiral + austerity + high imf interest rates + pension cuts for a nation with 26 % unemployment somehow = acceptable conditions for the rest of the eu voters , so long as the debt is paid back . 
  looks like they locked up the wrong spouse . 
  understand that my criticisms of varoufakis are not of his proposals but of his methods . 
  in politics , it is not what you say , but how you are saying it . 
  tsipras campaigned on an isolationist policy , one that was necessary to capture the populism rising through the country due to years of failed austerity and back bending towards the troika . 
  therefore , this left varoufakis in the unique position to be both agreeable as well as critical of the current economic policies of the troika . 
  his goal should have been to appeal to the voters of the eu as someone who is not willing to break up the eu , since 70 % of greeks wanted to stay , someone who is unwilling to damage the credit of greece and the eu by seeking a default , but at the same time is unable to accept further austerity as the solution to the problem . 
  he could have approached the situation with the understanding that greece will reform , undoubtedly , but that the troika and the loans must be reformed as well . 
  he could have put the brunt of the crisis directly on the shoulders of the previous regimes , instead of directly onto the troika and eu finance ministers . 
  he could have been in the media as an intelligent reformist who is seeking to work with the other fm 's instead of lecturing them . 
  this is n't to say he was wrong in his lectures . 
  there are very few things he has said that i disagree with , but his approach has been cocky and inflammatory . 
  this is n't about him . 
  this is about the present struggles of eleven million people as well as the future of a proud nation . 
  by taking the approach i stated , he would have won over large sections of the eu voting base and therefore forced the hands of their leaders to come to the table and negotiate a fair solution . 
  given that the media was swirling about every possible negative outcome , including default and an exit , this type of approach would have given him more leverage than the one he decided on . 
  the one detail that struck me as absurd is the fact that he was walking completely alone , without security detail , while everyone else was at the gala dinner . 
  its a story in every major newspaper . 
  it was clearly staged and meant to invoke a response . 
  you have to read between the lines a bit here . 
  tsipras does . 
  varoufakis is n't interested in politics . 
  he did his part behind the scenes and most likely agreed to being the fall guy for the northern european voters to rejoice over . 
  he wants to go back to being a professor . 
  there are career politicians who are more than capable of carrying out his reforms . 
  a deal will soon be reached with probably a bit more concessions given up by greece . 
  everyone will claim victory and tsipras will attempt to spin it as a form of victory as well . 
  remember , 70 % of greeks want to stay in the eu , if not more . 
  what 's important now is the continued implementation of growth policies to get that unemployment figure down from catastrophic levels . 
  it 's time to open up the country to investment and opportunity for small businesses , as well as aggressive tax collection procedures . 
  in the long run greece will be fine .
