  yes . 
  this is why we built up west germany . 
  you guys were the front line against soviet aggression . 
  it was hell for you guys but every nation faced its own hell after wwii . 
  greece had a massive famine and civil war . 
  those are dark times we need to move past and these are dark times for greece we need to help them past . 
  / r/fascism, 
  yes because that was the intention of the greek people from the start . 
  hey we are lucky enough to have our small economy in the eu , let 's fuck them over !, 
  humiliating 11 million people in an economy equal to 2 % of the eu is only sending one message : we are union in name only . 
  shut up and obey your overlords . 
  are you responsible for your government basically doing whatever my government wants it to do ? 
  they have made a lot of mistakes , no doubt . 
  it 's very frustrating to see them fumble the ball all the time . 
  however , they still represent greece 's best chance at a sustainable future and i will support them . 
  are you responsible for french troops in afghanistan ? 
  i know . 
  i was just explaining my position . 
  i was in my early 20 's when 9/11 happened and 23 or 24 when iraq happened . 
  i did n't disagree at the time with going to afghanistan . 
  there was a lot of fear that we would be hit again and anger at 3000 innocent people who just happened to be working that day , plus destroying our two landmarks . 
  it was the first time in history we had been hit on american soil . 
  a response needed to happen and we all cheered it on . 
  iraq was different though . 
  it felt fake from the beginning . 
  there was a lot of propaganda and false information about them working with al qaeda and having wmd 's . 
  they told us it would be over quickly . 
  it was disgusting and a lot of people protested but they went anyways because the people who were against it were considered unpatriotic and even traitors . 
  the invasions cost my generation over 2 trillion dollars that could have been spent on education , infrastructure , and healthcare . 
  also , the invasions are responsible for at least 500,000 deaths both directly and indirectly and the complete destabilization of iraq which lead to the rise of isis . 
  i 'm not here to defend either one . 
  however , afghanistan was a direct response to an attack on our soil . 
  staying there for a decade , however , was a massive mistake . 
  i had nothing to do with that . 
  i never voted for bush and was obviously lied to by obama . 
  the war in iraq was a fraud and i have never stated otherwise . 
  afghanistan , however , was the place where they organized an attack on america on 9/11 . 
  the taliban and al qaeda have admitted to it and thus were dealt with . 
  the taliban operate on both pakistani as well as afghani soil . 
  and what is reality here ? 
  ignore all the studies and reports that austerity is failing and just sign up to it anyways ? 
  they are trying to bleed that banks dry to force a yes vote and oust syriza . 
  agreed but it does n't equate to calling them nazis . 
  is the forced loan not a reality ? 
  i do n't see how everybody wants to attached a direct conclusion to a vote that is based on a specific set of reform measures that are being negotiated . 
  6 years of living in terror will do that to you . 
  this man is old enough to have experienced a lot of tragedy in greece 's history and this is where he breaks down . 
  go ahead and cut his pension you vultures . 
  which incompetence is that ? 
  refusing to bend over backwards like papandreou , papademos , pikrammenos , and samaras ? 
  i do n't understand how early retirement can be debated for anybody but perhaps hazardous work condition workers . 
  greece has one of the longest life spans of any country on earth . 
  that said coming after the pensions of poor people is unacceptable . 
  why would they suck ? 
  if a quality engineering company built a car , it would suck simply because it was made in romania ? 
  syriza is centrist party . 
  i 've seen very little to suggest they are radical . 
  hell the only thing radical about them is that they do n't wear ties . 
  a cheap euro for exports comes at a cost . 
  and that cost must be shared by everyone . 
  we 're talking about greece here right ? 
  50 % youth unemployment , no access to loans of any kind , constant elections , and riots in the streets . 
  when did these young people have stability ? 
  it 's because they are n't buying in to the propaganda . 
  they can see right through it . 
  fear has gripped the older population . 
  you could say that for germany as well . 
  might be a good short . 
  also , it could be a parallel currency situation . 
  those 200,000 18 year olds would have given syriza a full majority no ( if they voted that way ) ? 
  i vote for / r/iama to say no to the reddit union . 
  they must hold out for better negotiations !, 
  you guys pretty much own corfu already . 
  how much more do you want ? 
  he was listing the common poor arguments made against greece . 
  they are n't his arguments . 
  can we have some more 3rd grade models of how complex modern economies are comparable to people 's fixed income household budgets ? 
  lol . 
  you think china is on a sustainable economic path ? 
  have you been there ? 
  have you seen the divide between the rich and poor ? 
  have you seen the luxury ghost towns and empty new shopping malls ? 
  and how about russia ? 
  how are they getting on since the collapse of oil prices ? 
  brazil is going to be driven into deep debt with all their spending on both the world cup and olympics . 
  india perhaps has the best long term potential due to their population size but they are the most corrupt of all . 
  the fiat currency model is based on consistent devaluation . 
  yes i agree that the end point is going to be very bad but until a realistic alternative model is presented , i am much more comfortable with heavy stimulus and debt load then i am for lost decades of economic stagnation . 
  it 's very early still but for the democratic side , hillary is far and away in the lead , though sanders , the one i 'll be voting for in the primary , has gained a bit of ground but has a long long way to go . 
  on the republican side , we are in the stage of entertainment and humiliation as we watch idiots like jindal and donald trump say and do stupid shit . 
  i believe their best hopes are scott walker and jeb bush . 
  i do n't think rand paul has a chance but i would prefer him over the others . 
  i might even prefer him over clinton but sanders is my man and i think the best one to lead the us out of the oligarchy . 
  the usa deficit is actually the lowest in about 6 years , i believe , still bad however and still a point of contention . 
  in the end , greece needs meritocracy . 
  if varoufakis goes , who is qualified to be finance minister that is n't corrupted and is n't a product of nepotism ? 
  who would you like to see take his place ? 
  i do n't like the man 's general attitude but i can not disagree with what he is saying and what his proposals have been . 
  i 've always agreed with just about everything he has said . 
  i just hate the way he says it .
