  i do n't study the bill . 
  i go on hotels.com or whatever and i find something in my price range and usually this includes the taxes . 
  i 'm traveling to see amazing places and have great experiences and to make memories . 
  i 'm not there to save a couple euro , dollars , pounds based on hotel tax . 
  the first warning from parents is always soft . 
  it 's when you ignore it that the wooden spoons and flip flops come out . 
  seller : brb pee, 
  that 's exactly the face i made when i read the article . 
  i agree with the vat raise on tourist hotels . 
  fuck why not ? 
  you 're going there to spend money . 
  nobody is going to change their minds on going to the damn greek islands because of a higher tax on the hotel room . 
  most people get a room based on their budget . 
  they never look at the tax because it is almost always included in the price . 
  and besides it 's pretty easy to explain to the tourists . 
  i mean the whole damn world knows greece is in debt . 
  of course there will be higher taxes . 
  this is not going to stop people from going . 
  however , i strongly disagree with the phase out of ekas because this takes money directly out of their economy leading to deflation . 
  why ? 
  poor people do n't save money . 
  they spend it on their immediate survival which boosts local businesses and the overall economy . 
  and honestly , how much does that actually save ? 
  why ca n't they pull that out of the military budget instead ? 
  are these two points really all that is delaying this deal all this time ? 
  ffs . 
  come on . 
  this ultimatum came as a shock to the greek cabinet . 
  they thought they were on the cusp of a deal , bad though it was . 
  mr tsipras had already made the decision to acquiesce to austerity demands , recognizing that syriza had failed to bring about a debtors ' cartel of southern emu states and had seriously misjudged the mood across the eurozone . 
  instead they were confronted with a text from the creditors that upped the ante , demanding a rise in vat on tourist hotels from 7pc ( de facto ) to 23pc at a single stroke . 
  creditors insisted on further pension cuts of 1pc of gdp by next year and a phase out of welfare assistance ( ekas ) for poorer pensioners , even though pensions have already been cut by 44pc . 
  wow . 
  there 's a lot here to take in . 
  everything is happening so fast . 
  the us deficit is the lowest since 2001 . 
  unemployment has reached pre-recession levels and there is continued growth ( albeit it modest ) . 
  there is little risk to american banks from the european debt crisis . 
  so there is no direct worries here . 
  however , a continued crisis in the eu keeps markets on edge and when markets are on edge , anything can send them reeling , like the chinese market collapse currently going on . 
  greece needs reforms on every level . 
  tax collection , private sector reform , public sector reduction . 
  however , what they do n't need is further pension cuts or a reduction in direct economic spending . 
  they need to bring their gdp back up to pre-crisis levels so they can repay the debt . 
  in order to do that they need stimulus spending on their economy . 
  i thought he was passing out snickers . 
  [ it was only a matter of time ] ( https://media1.giphy.com/media/1jqhfdu2xhyd6/200_s.gif ), 
  the eu borders on recession as it is . 
  currently the ecb is in the middle of a quantitative easing campaign to keep interest rates low to stimulate the economy . 
  a grexit would cause an unsettling of the markets and uncertainty in the euro zone . 
  interest rates would rise across all tradable debt vehicles . 
  since the ecb is operating on an expanded balance sheet already , it would be very hard pressed to do anything extra . 
  a collapsing chinese market coupled with a grexit would send the dow into a tailspin . 
  this is why i 'm really perplexed by the lack of initiative to just solve the greek problem and move on instead of austerity and humiliation because the amount needed to do that is minuscule in comparison to what could be lost in a grexit . 
  with italy and spain right on their heels . 
  this is what you are looking for : http://www.euroviews.eu/2012/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/2.europe-worst.jpg, 
  italy 238 billion 2 . 
  germany 215 billion 3 . 
  france 171.3 billion 4 . 
  uk 109 billion 5 . 
  spain 107 billion greece 30 billion, 
  they also hated him because he is good looking and smart . 
  here here . 
  well said . 
  also , if you mention western involvement in the early stages of the ukraine crises , people here have an aneurysm . 
  this sub and people in general prefer a black and white world . 
  it is a tribal mentality . 
  us vs them . 
  show us the bad guys and punish them !, 
  they do n't realize that by acting this way , they too are the bad guys . 
  also , i am both profoundly impressed by and incredibly disappointed by how people just eat up what the newspapers are telling them . 
  there is plenty of discussion of propaganda on reddit but it is never our own newspapers . 
  it is always the other people 's newspapers that are wrong . 
  ours are the truth !, 
  we live in a world of yellow journalism that has a dual mandate . 
  sell ads through clickbait and manufacture consent at the will of the elite who own them . 
  the greek crisis has been one the purist smear campaigns that i can remember . 
  it is by far worse than the american pr campaign against the russians . 
  but i digress . 
  there are comments and posts here that are still very informative and at times entertaining and that 's why i keep coming back . 
  do n't use the word terrorist . 
  do n't be sad if they do n't invite you to dinner . 
  walking by yourself is not so bad . 
  one last middle finger !, 
  it says , `` pick up dry cleaning . 
  a dozen eggs , three tomatoes , feta ( the good kind . 
  not the cheap stuff the wife did n't like . 
  ) , hair dye , a copy of boss magazine . '', 
  it truly is bizarre times when the corrupt imf is the voice of reason . 
  lmao . 
  what does greece owe to the efsf ? 
  200 billion . 
  european markets have already lost half of that in the last two days just threatening a grexit . 
  they will lose double that in the first week alone if it actually happens and 10 times that with elevated bond yields . 
  so the reality is that the ez is holding the gun to its own head and telling greece go ahead and jump . 
  not if you use a bidet . 
  stop smearing like barbarians . 
  we leave the kids alone for a minute and they start playing their own version of lord of the flies . 
  of course the parents had to come back to intervene . 
  5 years of drama !,
