  while i do n't blame them one bit , this is really not good longterm for greece . 
  all the top talent of the eu can not be concentrated in just a few countries . 
  that is an unhealthy situation for the entire union . 
  with two bars on a graph . 
  it 's not a blind dislike for israel but rather a hatred for the settlers who terrorize the palestinians and illegally build settlements in areas that do not belong to them . 
  they are terrorists . 
  fuck them . 
  the pressure for a return to greece , the home of the olympics , story was too strong . 
  how much did sochi end up costing ? 
  that 's what i 'm having today with my thanksgiving leftovers, 
  we could do for some isolationism . 
  it 's quite tiring and expensive to keep this shit up . 
  [ yeah , thanks . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/10895239/greece-sues-for-7-billion-euros-over-german-submarines-that-have-never-sailed.html ), 
  how would they be punished though ? 
  they have n't committed a crime yet . 
  attempting to leave to join isis is not a crime . 
  leaving and successfully joining them probably is . 
  being a radical is just an idea until you act upon it . 
  kinda like here in the us where some radical christians want gay people dead . 
  they have the right to say that stuff so long as they do n't act on it , and only then would it become a crime . 
  i 'm not happy with radicals of any kind but at what point are you becoming the thought police ? 
  all economies run on money created from debt . 
  expenses  income is called a deficit . 
  let 's see who ran on a deficit the last several years : [ romania ? 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/romania/government-budget ) check [ italy ? 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/italy/government-budget ) check [ germany ? 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/government-budget ) check !, 
  germany ran a 3.1 % and 4.1 % deficit in 2009 and 2010 !, 
  but why why would they do that ?!, 
  because my romanian friend , an economy is not like a household budget . 
  germany released a stimulus program to recover from the crisis . 
  [ they were n't alone . 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-states/government-budget ) stimulus is the only way out of a deflationary spiral . 
  where does stimulus money come from ? 
  debt . 
  where did the us stimulus money come from ? 
  printing . 
  why ca n't greece print ? 
  what should have happened ? 
  measures should have been taken place to ensure that all economies in the eu , large and small , have access to stimulus funds in case of a crisis . 
  forcing them into austerity prolongs their recoveries . 
  artificially created ? 
  what does that mean exactly ? 
  i did n't expect them to be magically solved . 
  i simply stand by the following formula : greek economy + reform measures + stimulus measures  greek economy + reform measures + austerity measures . 
  you can not find a legitimate economist to argue against that and so far we have been proven correct . 
  it 's nice to see austerity is working for greece . 
  great job ez . 
  hats off to ten more years of a failed experiment before it 's politically ok to say you were wrong . 
  ypg and peshmerga are not pkk . 
  you want everyone to think that all kurds are pkk but it 's not working . 
  the pkk is only one group of kurds . 
  they do n't even get along with the other kurds who have been leading the fight against isis . 
  have a read in / r/syriancivilwar . 
  it is an excellent sub with highly informative people , much more informed than myself . 
  they do have a hq in raqqa in syria and a stronghold in mosul in iraq . 
  i was 12 years old watching desert storm unfold on cnn . 
  i 'm not exactly young . 
  however , you do make some points , but allow me to elaborate on them . 
  desert storm , among other reasons , was officially conducted to stop iraqi aggression against the kuwaitis , who now appear to be [ partially funding isis ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/isis-funding-us-allies-2014-6 ) . 
  saddam , at the time , was already guilty of numerous war crimes including [ gassing the kurds ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/halabja_chemical_attack ) . 
  desert storm was over in very short order and the iraqi military was in shambles . 
  and yet , the us withdrew and left saddam in power thus leading to the outright slaughter of tens of thousands of shiites in the subsequent uprising or intifada . 
  any idea why ? 
  my guess is that bush senior was advised that removing him would lead to the complete destabilization of iraq , something bush did not have a diplomatic plan for . 
  after all , you have a brutal dictator who is a minority sunni , in a land dominated by shiites , bordered on two sides by countries dominated by shiites , iran and syria , and of course the kurds were in the north and had been oppressed for centuries . 
  leaving saddam in charge was perhaps the less evil thing to do , perhaps the world powers at the time did not have the stomach to watch the entire me unravel . 
  and so saddam remained and the uprising was crushed and ten years went by with relative stability in the region . 
  then came 2003 and bush junior . 
  all of a sudden we were being sold another war in iraq , which by the way , was met with the [ largest coordinated global protest in history . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/february_15,_2003_anti-war_protest ) and yet , we still went . 
  shock and awe was even quicker and more decisive than desert storm . 
  it was a fantastic display of military power . 
  only there was just one problem . 
  there was absolutely no diplomatic plan on what to do after saddam was captured . 
  and so a hastily devised plan was launched that disbanded the iraqi army , compromised mostly of sunni baathists , and barred them from office . 
  disillusioned and angered by being excluded by the new shiite dominated political atmosphere , they would later become the [ military leaders of isis ] ( https://theintercept.com/2015/06/03/isis-forces-exbaathist-saddam-loyalists/ ) the insurgency and extended occupation of iraq was due to a lack of a proper diplomatic plan on how to run the country . 
  this is why the us had very few allies willing to go there and had to alienate them in order to force the issue . 
  and what they warned about happened . 
  we were there a decade hoping somehow that the three groups would just come together and work itself out , sunnis , shiites , and kurds . 
  obviously that did n't happen . 
  then we saw the uprising in syria against another brutal dictator , in an era of uprisings known as the arab spring . 
  there were protests against assad 's rule and the people wanted changes to the constitution . 
  instead of compromising and remaining in power , he slaughtered them and the country descended into civil war with the sunnis and alawites ( shiites ) , having historic rivalries , taking sides against each other . 
  now you have two countries completely destabilized and isis backed by sunni countries takes advantage and in impressive form , captures huge amounts of territories in relatively short order . 
  the us , for one reason or another , is predominantly focused on removing assad . 
  despite the new stories coming out of severe atrocities being committed by this new group called isis , the us is hell bent on arming anybody who will fight assad . 
  we are sold a bill of goods that they are moderates . 
  isis continues to gain territory and now has an iron grip on iraq , outside of baghdad . 
  in syria , they capture huge amounts of territory as well , despite facing multiple fronts . 
  and yet , we are focusing on training rebel groups . 
  i say kid gloves because the us was not operating the kind of operation that it has been known to conduct in the area , both in 1991 and 2003 . 
  it is passively dropping bombs on relatively weak isis targets . 
  only when the world is gripped with the images of kobani , do they participate in larger scale operation to free it . 
  and yet still , not a whole lot happens after that . 
  some assisted bombing here and there to help the kurds but even they are claiming the jets are not hitting their targets and it 's not the supreme airpower they were looking for . 
  then we have the russian and french tragedies , and now suddenly there is a complete blitz on isis , including command centers . 
  also , the kurds ( and friends ) , now known as the sdf are given all the air support they need and would n't you believe it ? 
  huge territorial gains are made against isis , and they appear to be in full retreat in both syria and iraq .
