  the problem is how do you sell that to the greek people ? 
  if this was norway and not greece and you had corrupt government after corrupt government , you would n't want the ability to vote on something that would affect the next 50 years of your life ? 
  and that is where tsipras is supposed to lead . 
  varoufakis has too big of a mouthpiece to just be allowed to just say stuff all the time . 
  this message should have come from tsipras as the official government message . 
  nonetheless , as humiliating as this has been , i would vote no . 
  this debt can not be paid back without restructuring . 
  if the choice is the euro zone but no potential real term growth for 50 years while being a debt colony paying interest to countries who all have benefited from the euro more than the would have with their own currencies or defaulting , easing the massive debt load , becoming competitive in labor and resource , and in ten years time becoming an economy of true growth , then i would choose the latter and whatever hell it brings in the next 5 years , because if i could n't have a future then perhaps the next generation could . 
  i would n't want to handicap the next generation without them even being born yet . 
  greece needs reforms but not at gun point held by those who put the banks before the people . 
  do n't kid yourself . 
  it 's shitty for everyone . 
  lol . 
  have a read young man : http://www.economist.com/blogs/economist-explains/2014/11/economist-explains-20, 
  there is no chance of this happening . 
  why would these institutions forfeit 280 billion euros plus interest over a couple pension and vat disputes ? 
  there 's no way that money gets paid back in drachmas . 
  not now not ever . 
  germany defaulted in 1924 , 1929 , 1932 and 1953 . 
  total debt forgiveness for germany between 1947 and 1953 amounted to somewhere in the region of 280 % of gdp , according to economic historian albrecht ritschl of the london school of economics . 
  let 's not pretend this is a unique situation in your troubled continent . 
  i 'm specifically referring to this : an even more dramatic example is provided by germany itself . 
  historically , germany has been described as the biggest `` debt transgressor '' of the 20th century , with restructurings in 1924 , 1929 , 1932 and 1953 . 
  total debt forgiveness for germany between 1947 and 1953 amounted to somewhere in the region of 280 % of gdp , according to economic historian albrecht ritschl of the london school of economics . 
  also , west germany was built up as a front line against the soviets , for better or for worse , this did in fact propel their economy further than many of the allied countries post war . 
  prove it . 
  show me exactly where i 'm wrong . 
  give me facts and figures . 
  i do n't want you to blow me , i want you to enlighten me on your position . 
  no they did n't . 
  germany got debt relief of 280 % of its gdp . 
  tsipras has to sell a victory to the greek people who hold a majority no vote on the referendum . 
  if he gives in too easily , in their eyes , they will riot and force new elections where there is no majority party anymore . 
  syriza will be split in half and trying to form a coalition with over 6 parties will be futile . 
  this is an incredible feat to try and pull off for a very inexperienced prime minister . 
  that would humiliate the entire euro zone . 
  you fuckers are all insane . 
  you are not the united states of europe . 
  it 's not that kind of union . 
  even here the federal government would never force the election of a new state governor , unless they broke federal law . 
  this is why you fuckers end up in global war every few decades . 
  you have no idea how to live together in peace . 
  i love how you conveniently only mention the marshal plan and leave out the debt forgiveness and the infrastructure investment . 
  also , 5 % is hilarious , as if money has n't inflated since the late 40 's . 
  and you should know something about inflation or do i need to fetch some pics of germans wheelbarrowing their deutche marks to the fire place to warm up the schnitzel ? 
  the problem was not the amount of money loaned to greece but the way in which it was structured . 
  i 've never met one greek who did n't agree that reforms were needed . 
  the problem is that , without the ability to print , greece needed stimulus to grow its economy to able to be able to repay the loans . 
  it does n't have an america to build up it 's capital to protect it from the soviets . 
  on your own ? 
  imagine if we would have said that to you after you tried to slaughter the entire continent ( twice ) . 
  imagine if we would have left you to the russians . 
  imagine if we did n't rebuild your entire economy . 
  imagine if your fucking debts were n't cancelled . 
  your country exists in the capacity that it does today for two reasons : 1 . 
  my country rebuilt it . 
  it has benefitted incredibly from the formation of the eurozone which has alleviated the rising deutche mark and boosted your exports to places where the mark would not have let it , due to cheaper options . 
  your selfishness is un-fucking believable . 
  a deficit , in a depression , is unavoidable unless there is a default , in which case currency is devalued and money is printed to cover the basic emergency expenses of running a country . 
  so yes , money from the bailout is being used to keep a bankrupt country from completely turning out the lights . 
  the idea that the money is being spent on frivolous things is a massive lie . 
  pensions have been slashed , taxes have been added to every living expense . 
  they have one time taxes on everything , including electricity or it gets shut off . 
  you have 50 % unemployment among the youth . 
  you can play the deficit game all you want and point out things that other people need to cut because you or me are not living there and we do n't see the results of these actions . 
  this is n't a business deal but it is an ez responsibility . 
  this is what happens when you form a union . 
  a union is n't only for good times . 
  a massive global economic collapse occurred in 2009 . 
  the worst since the great depression . 
  you have any idea how many economies collapsed as a result of the great depression ? 
  this is something that is conveniently left out of german discussion . 
  the fact that this crisis did n't occur in a bubble , and that it was a domino effect of the 2009 subprime loan crisis . 
  go long grek !, 
  finally somebody with some sense !, 
  i 've been saying this for months now . 
  both sides need to sell victory to their constituents . 
  the drama is manufactured and to a large degree scripted . 
  the eurogroup can not allow this referendum to happen because they will be backed into a corner with a no vote and syriza is finished with a yes vote , and therefore all negotiations up until this point will be for nothing and must be started over if a new government coalition can be formed . 
  reelect new leaders or exit the euro does n't sound like blackmail to you ? 
  i 'd be careful what you wish for my romanian friend . 
  once you give up sovereignty , it will take a war to get it back . 
   after the debt restructuring this spent mostly on pensions and welfare . 
  i 'd like to see a source for this . 
  this is the propaganda they feed you over there ? 
  that the bailout money goes to 40 year old retired greeks living on island beaches ? 
  spending other people 's money is a ridiculous statement . 
  every economy is based on loans and debt . 
  this is n't household economics . 
  since economies left the gold standard over 50 years ago and adopted fiat currency , the only way to come out of a depression has been proven to be through stimulus . 
  if you have some examples of countries exiting depressions with 25 % unemployment through austerity , i would love to see them . 
  the debt is unsustainable . 
  you can stretch it out over a thousand years if you like at zero percent interest . 
  it wo n't make a difference . 
  it is not feasible for greece to pay it back based on it 's gdp size . 
  honesty is at least trying to understand macro economics or admitting you are clueless . 
  this is a financial coup . 
  this is the europe you guys want ? 
  one that can pick governments for you own countries ? 
  the german powerlust is real .
