  an economy run by economists will flourish . 
  an economy run by politicians , will inevitably crash , like in 2008 . 
  a default is not a low business cycle . 
  it is a disaster in which every citizen will suffer . 
  however , it is short lived and the economy , if managed properly , can recover quickly with the low debt load . 
  so the point here is that , with an end in sight , more short term pain is tolerable for them if it means being on a much more desirable path in 3 to 5 years , like argentina . 
  it is much more desirable than 10 years of austerity and no real progress . 
  there would n't be austerity in a default . 
  there would be major currency devaluation and money printing . 
  you could still have all that without a currency union . 
  to limit austerity ? 
  those loans are only being used to pay the the interest on other loans . 
  all the while the ez demands pension cuts in a depression . 
  austerity in a surplus environment is prudent . 
  in a recession , it 's suicide . 
  the nuero would not benefit from that type of currency union as their currency would be too strong . 
  exports would plummet in favor of cheaper products and labor in the zuero . 
  in a booming economy , which greece had from around 2002 to 2007 , these loans could be serviced as is . 
  so the goal here should be to stimulate the greek , spanish , and portuguese economies through a different vehicle in order to use the surpluses to pay back the bailout loans with reasonable interest . 
  once those are paid back , the interest kicks in on the stimulus loans . 
  this is a much better option than a haircut , default , or exit from the union , for all parties involved . 
  a country with 10 % unemployment has a substantially better chance of servicing their debt than one with 25 % . 
  i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've agreed with something you 've said . 
  you can have economic collaboration without a single currency . 
  when one country struggles , they devalue . 
  10 years are still too high . 
  also , waited too long to implement qe . 
  100 billion euro stimulus program in 2010 , largest of any eu country . 
  claims austerity . 
  considering the us economy has recovered significantly through monetary easing and spending , the answer he would give is clearly stimulus . 
  the eu needs low interest rates and a devalued euro for a significant period of time . 
  he 's already here for a bunch of meetings . 
  this is just a short visit . 
  not much significance . 
  although obama has said , like most intelligent people , that austerity is n't the answer . 
  good . 
  banks lose all their principal and 10 years skyrocket . 
  good luck with that when gdp growth across the eu is sub 1 % . 
  time for a referendum ? 
  this has been nothing but politics since syriza won the elections . 
  greece is an economic proxy war against a rising tide of populism . 
  force the greeks to their knees and parties like podemos will follow . 
  allow them to find their own , non-austerity growth plans and economic solutions , such as varoufaki 's gdp based plan and the tide rises further . 
  this is the reason for the heavy propaganda war against the greeks . 
  it is meant to turn the average european voter against its own best interest , which is of course , populism in a time of corporate dictatorship , i.e. 
  the tpp . 
  the imf 's role in this is quite shameful as a interest rate reduction would solve a large part of the crisis . 
  they 've already made billions in interest on the backs of poor greeks with 50 % pension reductions for greece 's lower income brackets . 
  in fact , this is a boom for them and an immediate payback of their high interest loans would cost them billions more as they leach off the crisis . 
  and people wonder why greece is exploring all its economic options ? 
  because it 's offensive to those of us born right handed . 
  good for torpedoing turkish born turtles crossing the border . 
  this will drop when the ecb is cleared to purchase their debt, 
  based on ? 
  the upvoted headlines on reddit ? 
  and this thread will have three times the comments of the informative , neutral threads , proving once again that / r/europe is going down the shitter . 
  the 200 billion is politics . 
  it is meant to appease the voters , just as your politicians are saying no , to appease theirs . 
  unfortunately , this political game has gone on too long . 
  none of the eu leaders want greece out of the eu , or any country for that matter . 
  they also did n't want to come across as soft and let a high charging newly elected populist greek government think they can demand their way out of their debt . 
  however , it 's time to move on . 
  there are bigger issues facing the union both now and on the horizon and there needs to be a deal made . 
  whether it 's a haircut and an extension or a drop in interest rates and a tie to gdp , something needs to be done soon , before all sides lose . 
  i think a payback of the nazi loan is fair and shows the faith of the german people and government , considering at least some citizens are on board with it . 
  the greek government needs to move forward with their reforms and begin to execute them . 
  frankly , these reforms are needed whether they are in massive debt or not , not for anybody else 's sake but their own citizens , specifically the youth . 
  it is a crime to have so many young people disillusioned and cynical about their future . 
  reading sensationalized headline after headline is not helping either . 
  it 's time to end it . 
  remember if establishing further economic ties with russia is considered being under their iron fist then greece has a lot of wealthier company , all sharing a common coin . 
  yes of course . 
  because leaders are elected to follow orders . 
  at least not now . 
  5 years later . 
  there would have been significant improvement by now . 
  did n't you say only yesterday that you would not beg your parents for more video game time ? 
  they have n't pissed you off . 
  the headlines have and it 's your fault for not looking deeper . 
  link to greek government accepting it ? 
  tayyip would rather fund isis . 
  greece is currently in a depression . 
  here they are doing everything in their power to strengthen their economy to exit it and they are being shit on for `` siding with putin . '', 
  as if feeding millions of ordinary russians is somehow an act of war . 
  greece had nothing to do with ukraine . 
  their hands are clean in that matter . 
  can germany say the same ? 
  everybody wants to blame putin and indeed he deserves his share but is nobody going to take responsibility for the events that led up to the destabilization of ukraine ? 
  no , lets just blame greece for not following the european model for exiting a depression . 
  austerity , tax the poor , and participate in sanctions against top trade partners . 
  had the crisis of 2008 not happened , greece would never be where it is today . 
  as a matter of fact , greece had something like 16 straight quarters of economic growth leading up to the crisis . 
  europeans act as if greece has always been a burden on the union since joining it . 
  their economy was torpedoed like everyone else 's after lehman brothers went under and the market crashed . 
  there 's a reason we call it the great recession here in america . 
  it 's because it was the worst crisis since the great depression , which by the way had devastating consequences for europe , ie ww2 . 
  it 's what propelled our economy to first in the world . 
  we rebuilt europe with our money and europe paid us back in interest . 
  of course we did n't demand austerity , since we knew how foolish it is . 
  talk about a wealth transfer .
