  [ some perspective ] ( http://www.indexmundi.com/g/g.aspx?c=ar&amp;v=66 ), 
  link to them toying around with leaving ? 
  the referendum is n't about staying in the euro . 
  you 've basically just done what naurgul implied . 
  you took a sound bite , edited out the important part , rustled your own jimmies , and now you stand as the only one confused . 
  since when has reading the article been a prerequisite for being dumb ? 
  how exactly does it `` fight against '' it ? 
  you ever been to a mykonos bar ? 
  those fuckers make bank . 
  bottle after bottle of champagne bought by partying rich northern europeans thus being indirectly responsible for tax evasion in greece . 
  that 's the worst part . 
  it undermines them instead of helping them , which to a large extent defines modern western feminism . 
  not only that . 
  who is in charge of this army and what is to stop them from sending them into another european country , say perhaps a country that owes a lot of debt ? 
  to seize assets ? 
  we are batman . 
  what 's wrong with being robin ? 
  perfect answer . 
  i mean one of the first things the finance minister stated was that the country is bankrupt . 
  it 's not a secret . 
  the question is how do you want to handle this bankruptcy ? 
  chaotic and ugly or measured and responsible ? 
  either choice will see continued hardship for the greeks for quite some time . 
  only one will bring hardship to the rest of the eu . 
  would you pay taxes if you knew that money was n't going to state programs but rather to line the pockets of the rich elite ? 
  i mean i live in america and i pay my taxes because 70 % of them go to things that directly benefit me . 
  the other 30 % i do n't agree with like an inflated defense budget but i at least see a return on that money . 
  the greeks have n't really seen shit in quite some time . 
  fucking broken down submarines and swiss bank accounts . 
  in order to have tax compliance you need to have faith in the government . 
  you can try your best to have compliance through force but there will always be evasion as a result . 
  that 's just not true . 
  you 're only reading headlines . 
  there are long lists of reforms planned including how to accelerate investment and clear away bureaucracy . 
  now , the implementation is the focus . 
  will they actually follow through is the question . 
  and the answer wo n't come for quite some time . 
  i mean they just got into power . 
  true but not nearly in the same capacity . 
  our freedoms have been eroding for quite some time under the leadership of both political parties . 
  however , it 's not as if opposition is being silenced or murdered . 
  they are just being outspent in elections . 
  we are the most docile cows on the planet . 
  almost half of us are obese , only a third of us vote , and a large percentage have no idea where the middle east even is . 
  people are so ignorant here they were attacking indian sikhs after 9/11 because towel head . 
  you tell us to be afraid and we will be afraid . 
  you do n't have to take our freedoms , we will give them up for a double serving of false patriotism and a side of chocolate cake . 
  there are very few american news outlets that can be trusted at this point in time . 
  look at our press freedom ranking . 
  that said , it 's undeniable that greece , particularly its poorest , have gotten the short end of the stick for nearly a decade now , while the eu struggles with an identity crisis . 
  would be smart . 
  default on that debt and move the fuck on . 
  the eu is about to collapse under its own arrogance . 
  which is a shame because you all were getting along greatly with this whole migrant situation . 
  because they 've spent their entire lives behind a screen . 
  be a good chap and run it for us , will ya ? 
  about which part ? 
  please enlighten as to who is more stable in the balkans/south eastern europe . 
  if they try anything funny , they 'll just shoot them with the broken submarines they criminally sold them . 
  it is integral to most organized versions of christianity but , like you said , only a small portion discusses factual details of jesus 's life and teachings . 
  again i state my position that if you read the bible and then proceed to act negatively towards gays or any other group then the fault lies with you and not with the bible . 
  the same is true of the quran . 
  ultimately each and every person is responsible for their own set of beliefs . 
  what you are at odds with is not christianity but organized religion , essentially other people 's interpretation of christianity , which by definition is simply the following of the teachings of jesus christ , who at no point stated any ill will towards gays or unprotected sex . 
  the mistake you make is that you assume that all christians are rigid in their beliefs , which have been handed to them in a pamphlet . 
  though there are many people who that accurately describes , to say that it defines christianity is false . 
  i respect the right of everyone to have their own beliefs so long as those beliefs do n't interfere with the lives of others . 
  i 'm not on this planet to feel superior to others by shaming their beliefs . 
  i find it interesting and disappointing that people who hold a belief system need to trivialize the beliefs of others , in order to validate their own . 
  you believe nothing exists . 
  christians believe something exists . 
  it is impossible to prove either group correct . 
  so you resort to name calling and stigmatizing because you feel your group is superior based on zero evidence . 
  that 's tribalism and a sign of poor intellect . 
  we do it with christianity as well . 
  are all christians to be blamed for the actions of the westboro church ? 
  are all catholics and protestants to be blamed for the troubles ? 
  are all jews to be blamed for the terrorism of the fanatic settlers in israel ? 
  are all pit bulls to be blamed because one bit a child ? 
  we can go on and on . 
  the truth is that the brain wants and needs things to be simple in times of crisis and high emotion , black and white , good guys and bad , us and them , but in reality all that does is compound the problem . 
  you want me to believe that there are more mosques like the one in the article ? 
  i guarantee there are . 
  probably here in the us too . 
  but if you are expecting me to believe it 's more than 1 or 2 percent of mosques , that all muslims , all 1.2 billion of them , are on the brink and that it 's only a matter of time before islam tips them into violent jihad then i would say you are letting your tribalism get the best of you , which is actually what you are accusing them of doing . 
  when you isolate nonviolent , extremism rejecting muslims , you are in fact isolating yourself from your own democratic principles , under the false pretense of security . 
  you are using the same mentality that the extremists use to recruit and pull at risk people into their pools of hatred . 
  the poor , of course . 
  i 'll take fastest way to a revolution for 1000 alex, 
  i got mouths to feed , specifically my own . 
  somebody else 's problem them . 
  perhaps another generation 's . 
  the risk , my friend , is in allowing him to further alienate your country . 
  i do n't play video games . 
  i see real life examples in syria and libya . 
  why do n't they make those hotspots in germany ? 
  i 'll tell you what 's news , pal . 
  turkey just took a nosedive in global pr this past month , as if it could afford to fall any further . 
  you guys have two choices , overthrow tayyip or become as isolated as the ksa . 
  plenty of isis fuel left to buy .
