  rather than taking a moment to gauge the tone of the fast changing mood of the entire euro zone , schauble is clearly showing his arrogance by spearheading these wild plans which only validate the accusations that he indeed thinks he is finance minister of the whole of europe . 
  resentment is growing and the longer this drags on , the more damage the eu absorbs . 
  even worse , the grounds have been laid for any deal proposed to be rejected because nobody really knows what the deal is supposed to entail anymore . 
  the are a million opinions now and the idea of everyone compromising is entirely unlikely . 
  staying inside the eu is fine for greece . 
  i 'm starting to believe the smaller economies should n't be apart of the ez , just the eu . 
  perfect gentleman to blow the moral trumpet . 
  give them passports and a placeholder for the british welfare system first . 
  human torpedoes to deal a death blow to the eu project . 
  submarines ? 
  we should say they need 100 just to see schauble lose his shit . 
  what 's truly frightening is what obama saw to put an end to it . 
  because if you think he saved greece out of the goodness of his heart then you would be mistaken . 
  he really thinks it 's his europe . 
  no doubt he would have forced it to happen had it not been for obama . 
  this just in : varoufakis restored as finance minister . 
  his first words back at the post : `` lol '', 
  it 's not the head injury . 
  it 's the butthurt because you were `` promised '' a grexit . 
  you got a link ? 
  well yeah . 
  that 's not simply from the negotiations . 
  you guys seem to forget that the other parties are corrupt as fuck . 
  until there is a new conservative and new social dem party to replace nd and pasok , syriza is all they got . 
  stop . 
  it should n't need to involve obama . 
  you guys should be unified . 
  this entire crisis was an opportunity for the eu to come together and grow stronger as a unit . 
  instead the whole experiment teeters on the edge of dissolution . 
  everyone wants to point fingers but everyone is guilty of mistakes as well . 
  500 million people , 40 % more than the us and collectively you are not even close to the economic power house you guys could be . 
  at the very moment the ecb is buying up debt trying to stimulate the economy and you guys are still trying to bleed countries dry . 
  you know what solves an economic crisis ? 
  an economic boom that dwarfs the crisis . 
  pay for greece ? 
  the baltics are not part of the efsf . 
  can somebody explain ? 
  this is why he wanted to trade . 
  personally i 've already contacted my representatives to urge them to vote yes on the deal . 
  i 've heard arguments for and against having so many parties . 
  in truth , they all had good points . 
  ultimately i believe american politics and thus we the people suffer from not having at least a third party . 
  i would n't want a dozen parties but having only two means that you are constantly having to settle for the less bad choice . 
  who 's going to be the one that tells schauble ? 
  do you tell him in the morning or when he 's about to go to sleep ? 
  i went to mykonos without a reservation one year . 
  i ended up dropping something like 300euro a night for a room for a couple nights . 
  do n't regret it . 
  had a blast . 
  however , it 's silly to think the hotels on the tourist islands ca n't afford it or that people will go elsewhere because of a few extra euros a night . 
  this does n't apply to the smaller less travelled islands . 
  if anything , it might kick up demand for those places which would be good . 
  europe is a strange place . 
  i 'm not saying america is n't . 
  y' all just take it to another level . 
  they will release a report soon showing what a grexit would have cost each nation as well as the global economy and people will never question the move again . 
  ok . good . 
  but that was the easy part . 
  now comes that actual reforms . 
  i do n't mean austerity , i mean true reforms to the status quo . 
  the nepotism , corruption , tax avoidance , red tape for new businesses on par with african nations . 
  all these things need to be addressed by syriza because if you are going to make them go through a decade of pain , a decade of lost dreams and unemployment then you better make sure it was for something meaningful . 
  the youth deserve it and they are the ones that kept you in power . 
  do n't let them down !, 
  and that 's politics for you . 
  on a technical level , this thing was solved a long time ago . 
  but that is the easy part . 
  the hard part is eliciting the proper emotions of each voting base in order for them to feel redeemed as well as eager to continue supporting you . 
  i still believe this thing took two or three years longer than it needed to . 
  and if you look closely , there were only like three things they disagreed on and the terms of the disagreements we 're based on implementation times . 
  this deal lets everyone appear as the victor . 
  this is the answer here . 
  harsher austerity for debt relief because , like i 've said all along , both sides needed to be able to sell a victory back to their voters , and now they can . 
  you can wrap it up . 
  this deal is done . 
  over the last several days i am starting to form the opinion that greece may be lucky if it leaves now , because it wo n't be there for the epic collapse the ez is headed towards . 
  i support the eu but the ez is fucked . 
  i know and look at the tiny glass they 've given tsipras to drink from . 
  they are trying to keep him thirsty . 
  this is done in every news sub to encourage discussion . 
  people like to have some insight before they commit to an article . 
  the headlines have been failing us . 
  so posting a short part of the article offers a glimpse of what is inside . 
  it 's a good article because it offers an in depth look at what has been discussed daily in this sub for 6 months , not whether it makes one side or the other look good . 
  it does n't break the rules but it overwhelms the other submissions which were only posted once . 
  my comment is a direct quote from the article . 
  it is not a comment , therefore . 
  it is a copy and paste . 
  also , i find nothing wrong with the article title as the article does not take any sides and is simply discussing an interview with an insider . 
  of course , you would know this if you actually read the article . 
  oh i know . 
  i was just showing you an example . 
  i think it 's a good idea . 
  that 's what they do in / r/truereddit, 
  but then it becomes a circus of repeating submissions . 
  so basically in order to post an insightful article that goes against the majority opinion , i have to wait until people are sleeping or post it 30 times ? 
  then they should be disabled for submissions . 
  you see [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3coalo/we_underestimated_their_power_greek_government/csxdkwx ) ? 
  this is me simply pasting a short part of the article into the comments section , and it is downvoted . 
  it is not an opinion .
