  none have been missed . 
  yes you are right . 
  14 % down in 2 months is just normal market gyrations . 
  there is nothing to see here . 
  the fact that it had a complete reversal last night from being down even more to being up because you guys caved and will be making a deal now has nothing to do with market perception . 
  i 'm aware and have seen this several times but do you have a link for it ? 
   major shift in the public opinion in germany i never mentioned germany . 
  the public opinion shift is global . 
  the dax at its peak this year was 12390.75 . 
  10654 was the level at which i made that statement which was that it was approaching 20 % down . 
  the actual reform list by varoufakis was posted here several times . 
  i actually took an hour to read it . 
  it was like 14 pages . 
  people suddenly have amnesia because their newspapers told them to have amnesia . 
  sure it does . 
  those are people 's pension funds in there . 
  the dow is not even off 5 % off its all time high . 
  the dax has lost nearly 2000 points . 
  again , this is because of the grexit rhetoric . 
  every time there is talk of a deal , the markets rally . 
  if you think a grexit is priced in , you are in for quite a surprise . 
  bond yields are rising across the ez despite qe from the ecb . 
  pull up a chart of the 10 years and look at the last 2 months . 
  because they are one in the same . 
  the banks we 're bailed out with tax payer money which produced a massive profit for us . 
  dax is approaching 20 % down in 2 months . 
  because you do n't see each other as equals . 
  and that 85 billion is making german taxpayers a profit . 
  it was n't a gift , it was a loan with interest . 
  the federal reserve of america just gave you the blue print for a successful recovery . 
  where 's our inflation ? 
  where 's our ridiculously high unemployment ? 
  the markets are punishing the idea of an exit . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  it would cost way too much . 
  i would give her any bailout she requested . 
  ecb prints money . 
  it is a central bank . 
  greece 's debt was held by banks until your governments made a conscious decision to bail those banks out with taxpayer money . 
  all that talent and she joins pasok . 
  what a shame . 
  obesity will long take their women before ethnics do . 
  it happened to us and it 's happening now to them . 
  lol !, 
  you see the dax futures ? 
  it 's going to enter bear market territory soon which means it will have dropped 20 % from its highs , all on speculation of a grexit . 
  there will be a deal reached soon . 
  there 's absolutely no reason to believe a grexit is coming . 
  it was cost the ez way too much . 
  how do i do that ? 
  when you say there is no willingness to reform then you ignore all the current reforms that have been agreed to and you put the entire focus on the last few that are being debated . 
  i think that is a bit disingenuous . 
  i agree that there is a worry of continued bailouts and and an exhaustion with dealing with the matter but i also believe that the ez is much closer to an agreement than it is to complete unraveling with greece . 
  there are media reports that state than in fact a deal was nearly reached when all of a sudden the referendum was called . 
  this is a bit strange to me and shows that there was n't a clear message but i do believe with the new finance minister that a deal is close . 
   the same for the 8 or so countries that are also facing economic troubles , or at the very least are not as well off . 
  actually the majority of the bailout nations are showing massive improvement and growth . 
  this is why an exit to me is completely irresponsible , because you risk tanking those exact economies that have suffered through austerity , high unemployment , and shortages of every kind only to finally start seeing a bit of daylight . 
   no one wants a greek exit from the ez . 
  the media would have you believe the opposite is true to an overwhelming degree . 
   here is my question in return . 
  when are the young greek people going to protest their elders day to day , not on the streets , but in their living rooms , offices and elsewhere ? 
  this is the thing . 
  the oxi vote was exactly this . 
  it was oxi to the previous regimes . 
  the referendum wording and format and really everything to do with it was amateurish and confusing but i think that the message of the young people was quite clear . 
  we want change . 
  be grateful for / r/worldnews . 
  it serves as containment for most of the shit discussion . 
  can you imagine what this place would be like without it ? 
  it is predominantly uninformed early 20s americans . 
  have you been to / r/worldnews ? 
  the advanced credit securities that were traded the average american had no access to . 
  these were the trading vehicles that packaged subprime loans as performing loans . 
  these were advanced derivatives that failed and sent the markets into a tailspin including the mutual funds that held these people 's retirement funds . 
  the way the majority of americans responded to the greek situation , i 'm surprised they have n't called for kicking puerto rico out . 
  there 's a lot of both right wing and left wing americans who believe that free market forces should have been allowed to play out . 
  it 's nice in theory , however in practice it would have decimated the global economy even further . 
  the bailout was a resounding success on many levels including producing a profit for the taxpayers . 
  the problem i have and many others agree is that laws were broken by the banks in regards to sub prime lending and trading that destroyed the economy , wiped out the retirement funds of millions of people and nobody went to jail . 
  `` he described that assistance as similar to what the federal government offered detroit during its crisis . 
  the obama administration declined to offer detroit a bailout , and the city declared bankruptcy under chapter 9 of the bankruptcy code in 2013 . '', 
  this leaves them dignity and a lot less debt . 
  nobody is mad at them . 
  i would vote for a bailout loan for them . 
  they are thinking of allowing them to file chapter 9 bankruptcy . 
  and no they obviously would n't be kicked out . 
  there we 're just rallies supporting them . 
  they have the backing of most of the country . 
  many of the people who voted yes are just scared . 
  ca n't blame them . 
  it 's been a rough 5 years . 
  it 's true unfortunately . 
  public unions are destroying us . 
  good point . 
  however , tourism so far has been unaffected . 
  there 's just not much in terms of competition to the greek islands . 
  yeah that makes sense . 
  i just do n't see people making the conscious decision to choose another destination based on an increase in hotel tax . 
  i mean i am by no means wealthy but i would n't have even known about the increase .
