also mussolini 's italy , allied with albania , bulgaria , and whatever other fascist regime from the era . 
  also the first world war . 
  you 're lying . 
  it all depends on how rich her parents are , especially for an ee like yourself . 
  and yet you would still jump at the chance to eat that pussy . 
  you guys need to lose weight europe !, 
  ( eats cheetos ) i mean those numbers are ridiculous !, 
  ( opens can of pepsi ), 
  you 'd be surprised how many people would vote for a new party based on a youth movement of eradicating corruption . 
  it would start at small local elections but it would grow over time . 
  and the funding would come as well through donations online by people in greece and outside of greece . 
  is there any will among the young people to join or make new political parties ? 
  that 's the only way to get rid of the corrupted assholes . 
  yeah like a million refugees . 
  thats basically the radical muslim view of christianity . 
  ok and where are the details of the projects ? 
  wait another 5 years and you will see it much closer . 
  how 's that gdp looking , frog ? 
  businesses ca n't move money around . 
  no lending , no liquidity . 
  it fucks the entire system up and businesses move and lay people off . 
  i mean it 's really just the final solution to a host of clusterfucks . 
  had the exit of iraq been handled properly by both administrations and by the iraqi government , isis would not be what it is today . 
  it 's quite sad how fucking ignorant everybody was with iraq but at this point in time innocent syrians and iraqis are dying and it needs to stop . 
  yes, 
  air strikes wo n't cut it . 
  need to go in hard on the ground . 
  i like this guy . 
  who is he ? 
  ^ ^ ^ it was his sister, 
  its nice to see some of the smaller economies growing so much . 
  relative to the gdps of each country that is peanuts in comparison . 
  though , a better eu wide system is needed . 
  well it had . 
  because of the negotiation chaos and the capital controls . 
  greece needs some level of relative calm for a long time to put itself back together . 
  my point is that greece needs stimulus , from her own money as well as general ecb stimulus , or she wo n't survive . 
  they have a forced primary surplus so even if they wanted to , under the current hostage agreement , they would be in violation of schauble 's perverted masochistic cabaret which merkel is afraid to shut down even while the entire global collection of established econominsts refuse to buy tickets . 
  you say this while being the direct beneficiary of two forms of economic stimulus , direct 100 billion german stimulus and ongoing ecb qe . 
  i laugh at you while being the direct beneficiary of my country 's economic stimulus program . 
  all of you guys, 
  but when greece does it it 's treasonous . 
  the eu is a comedy of hypocrisy, 
  there goes lesbos 's tourism for the year . 
  perhaps they could show a little respect to another nation in crisis . 
  attaboy sweden . 
  teaching the commies how to drive properly . 
  your shirt is worn torn . 
  til there are no worn torn nations in africa . 
  the second article clearly states that that number will increase and i am all for increasing it . 
  `` the united states resettles more refugees than any other country , and these refugees go on to contribute to our communities and our economy . '', 
  from : http://www.immigrationpolicy.org/just-facts/refugees-fact-sheet also : `` anne richard , u.s. assistant secretary of state for population , refugees and migration , says the u.s. has received 12,000 referrals from the united nations high commissioner for refugees , and she expects the number of those admitted to rise dramatically in the coming months and years . '', 
  from : http://www.npr.org/sections/parallels/2015/06/16/414898818/of-4-million-syrian-refugees-the-u-s-has-taken-fewer-than-1-000, 
  send them to us you whiners . 
  they are hard working people and will boost our economy . 
  i am a [ rockefeller republican ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rockefeller_republican#definition ) . 
  hey y' all need to handle this refugee business . 
  lmao . 
  give them oxi shirts to wear for the trip up . 
  it 's not a circle jerk . 
  it 's cognitive dissonance . 
  evidence that goes against an accepted form of beliefs , usually instilled by the media , will initially be outright rejected . 
  that 's accurate though it does n't stem from ignorance but rather the annoyance and intolerance that comes from the thousands of hostile , crude , and uniformed comments made towards greeks over the last several years here . 
  this subreddit has a great deal of intelligent people with informed ideas but at the same time has an abundance of ignorant , racist , and outright deplorable members who use the annonimity and convenience to spew vile and offensive regurgitated drivel , as if somehow insulting people across the globe would improve their regrettable lives back at home . 
  the way i responded in that i failed to recognize an innocent joke speaks more about my state of mind at the time than anything else , however , one ca n't be completely surprised . 
  they need to build bigger facilities to house the refugees . 
  at least temporarily until the war in syria is over . 
  whether they allow them to stay is another matter all together but at least temporary living situations monitored by the un . 
  maybe if your parents had enforced studying habits a bit more , people would n't think you were an idiot . 
  you 're both right but left out the massive corruption and outright theft by former politicians . 
  also , pasok 's reckless social spending without raising taxes was another problem . 
  a common conclusion people make , both outsiders and greeks , is that greece was operating in unrealisticly high living standards and has now returned to normal . 
  i wholeheartedly disagree . 
  the economic levels greece reached were done so with real and consistent growth , despite heavy debt burdens such as the olympic games . 
  it was simply mismanaged by incompetent and corrupt politicians who catered to the oligarchy and fleeced the country with their swiss bank accounts . 
  i forsee an eventual return to those levels of growth , not just for greece but for all of the eastern and southern eu . 
  however , a lot of internal work must be completed before then , starting with a cleansing of the political parties and a reconfigured tax system . 
  also , debt relief is coming , it 's just a couple of political years away from being possible . 
  america is the most diverse nation on the planet . 
  we are also the most advanced and have the strongest economy . 
  go sit in the corner . 
  so who do you see winning the next elections ? 
  which , in this man 's opinion , is a damn shame . 
  do n't forget the interest on that small change . 
  somebody forgot to tell the hordes of northern european elitists that the esm is n't a charity . 
  it 's designed to make money on emergency loans . 
  you got a source on that ? 
  23 million a year divided by 14 is roughly 1.7 million an airport per year . 
  then there is over a billion in investment which comes out to roughly 80 million an airport over 40 years . 
  how does this compare to the current situation ? 
  there is a constant drive of affluent tourists to go where the peasants are n't . 
  every year in greece there is a new `` hot '' island that people go to because it 's relatively unknown only to come back the following year to find it overflowing with british people . 
  the island and its beaches are the attractions . 
  not every body wants disco balls and puking people from birmingham . 
  the airports not the islands . 
  modernizing them to expand capacity . 
  i see this as a positive and i might be wrong here but the new money coming into greece as a result of the modernization of these airports should trump the relatively smaller purchase price . 
  this should expand the overall amount of tourists coming into the country and bring them to islands they may not have come to by ferry . 
  a lot of people do n't like ferries and sea sickness and would absolutely pay a little more for a short flight across the aegean . 
  if the end result is more tourists spending more money in places where they would n't have before then that equals more money in the pockets of greek businesses and therefore the greek government as well as the modernization of these airfields .
