  i do n't know why they did n't take advantage of the situation . 
  every country mattered back then in the cold war buildup . 
  instead we went to korea and we all know how that turned out . 
  please do n't . 
  we do n't want to have to come save you guys again . 
  the hat voted for a chinstrap . 
  it 's a good plan . 
  shows the people you mean business without gouging them during the crisis . 
  it 's the only conversation because it gives the people a simple villain , the lazy greek tax evader . 
  the media inflames and exaggerates and the pitchforks come out . 
  have a look at the situation here . 
  all the major us banks were bailed out of the very same crisis they created , by the people they did the most damage to , the tax payers . 
  furthermore , they have been enjoying zero rate borrowing for nearly a decade , at the expense of the savers . 
  the ultimate question here is this : if they only benefited from their own crisis , a direct result of risky corrupt investment , what is to stop them from doing it again when the bottom line shrinks a bit ? 
  itchy trigger shoots himself in the ass . 
  have a down vote . 
   you dont spend money you do n't have . 
  every country does . 
  the united states has a debt of 14 trillion . 
  what you just described is called charity and millions of low income families donate every year . 
  only 3 upvotes . 
  does n't fit the narrative of the sub . 
  worse him than someone better . 
  eventually it will become something right ? 
  of course it 's uncut . 
  they do n't make a scalpel that small . 
  of course i would . 
  the annexation of europe into the american empire will need every non-obese american to take up arms . 
  we are coming for your pastries , your cars , and your provocatively dressed women . 
  i fancy myself a future land owner with a massive swath of land near the mediterranean . 
  i will have my own vineyard where some of you will be forced into hard labor as you stomp the grapes of freedom . 
  i will have a yacht modeled after the santa maria where some of your girlfriends will be scrubbing the deck while others dress as pirates and feed me various european cheeses . 
  prepare yourselves for serfdom , europeans !, 
  i 'm going to expropriate your video games and force you to read some books . 
  are they along the coast ? 
  i bet they are n't along the coast . 
  then they should be held as heroes . 
  i think people need to look at the bigger picture here because europe as a whole is heading back down a dangerous path , one of nationalism . 
  the problem with nationalism is that it is used as a tool to deflect anger away from those in charge , the wealthy elite , to the poor who are painted as the villains , and thus held responsible for things they can not control . 
  borders only apply to the poor , they do not apply to the corrupt bankers who are the only ones capable of creating such a crisis like we saw in 2008/09 . 
  the greeks , cypriots , portuguese , spanish , and irish are all responsible for stacking their dominoes too close to each other , but they are not responsible for knocking them over . 
  that would be technically impossible . 
  and yet the entirety of the blame is placed on the dominoes and not the ones kicking them over . 
  in the 1929 a massive crash of the us stock market , led by irresponsible and criminal investment banks , collapsed the world economies and sent europe down the path to war . 
  and yet nobody today thinks of the bankers as the responsible party for world war two . 
  we all have our own national heroes and villains to place the blame on . 
  the parallels of this modern crisis to the one that began in 1929 are profound and yet rarely talked about . 
  once again we have a crash of the us stock market collapsing global markets . 
  once again we have nationalism on the rise . 
  once again we have people blaming nationalities instead of the border less bankers who have kicked the dominoes again . 
  and , if people do n't put their nationalist corrupted newspapers away , we will once again have the tinder in place for the forest fire that occurred in the early 1940 's . 
  the spark is n't as important as the conditions of the wood because anything can cause the spark . 
  already we have the majority of germans wanting a greek exit from the union . 
  who dragged them by the nose towards that decision ? 
  who do you think owns those newspapers ? 
  who do you think profits from war ? 
  the tinderbox is growing . 
  there will eventually be a spark . 
  how are people responding to this backtracking ? 
  it would be equally admirable if you stopped making generalizations and answered my questions . 
  fuck it . 
  let it begin . 
  the breakup of the union lies on the shoulders of those who benefit the most from it . 
  and then spain will be buried and life will go on . 
  more greeks . 
  how many greeks do you interact with ? 
  a few on a website ? 
  you 're just a headline junky who wants a simple bogeyman for a complex set of political and economic problems . 
  i think you wanted / r/combat footage . 
  time to invest in local fast food . 
  first generation do . 
  i do n't remember telling anybody to fuck off . 
  i stated my opinion and was met with hostility . 
  i do before i use it to criticize people . 
  yes , but they will be bringing feta cheese and ouzo ... 
  it 's really just a big gift to the rest of europe . 
  then it 's your job to correct yourself . 
  pay our debt ? 
  we caused your debt crisis !, 
  do you not remember 2008 ? 
  fat , greedy americans bought houses they could n't afford . 
  corrupt , criminal banks packaged them into party favors that your banks bought up and subsequently crashed on . 
  and you 're blaming a country whose gdp is 1.5 % of the eurozone ? 
  i wonder what europeans think of me . 
  our debt stands at around 14 trillion dollars . 
  does that make me a lazy american since it is only getting larger and we may not be able to fully pay it back ? 
  i go to a tax man to make sure i pay the legally least amount of taxes possible . 
  am i responsible then for my country 's debt ? 
  should i pay more ? 
  i do n't remember being asked if i wanted the military to go to iraq , but they did anyways and spent a few trillion doing so . 
  am i responsible for the debt and the dead ? 
  how come people are n't calling me a murderer ? 
  our central bank printed trillions of dollars when we were in an economic crisis . 
  they did n't leave a single state out to dry regardless of how much they owed . 
  i never heard somebody say , `` those damn lazy californians , how dare they ask for more money !? '', 
  all i hear about in the news is how corporate america has corrupted our government and that they do n't represent the people . 
  i wonder why you europeans are n't calling us average americans out on it ? 
  maybe because your country is the same or worse ? 
  but yeah , back to those damn lazy greeks ... 
  what did the romanians do ?
