  why would anybody purchase the debt of these same nations when the risk is quite high that they can be next ? 
  all credibility and confidence in the union will be lost , therefore rates will skyrocket , the euro will plunge , and one by one countries will decide it is simply not worth it . 
  buffet is not a politician and has no place to be making political statements on things he clearly does not understand . 
  his wealth does n't make his ignorant comments any less ignorant . 
  finally , it is not germany 's union . 
  it is a union of sovereign nations . 
  the more they try to make it their own , the more other nations will want to leave it . 
  i would replace the word interesting with ignorant . 
  let 's have a look at his points , one by one : 1 . 
  the rules are still being formed . 
  there is no precedence for a large scale sovereign political union with so many nations of varying economic backgrounds , all under one currency . 
  the idea that the initial rules adopted by the union should somehow be forced upon each nation , like some sort of discipline is very much ignorant . 
  the economic collapse of 2009 is the first real test of the union 's ability to survive a situation where normally each country would be focused on individual survival , and thus implement self-serving policies . 
  the larger and wealthier nations did this through the 2010 european stimulus package . 
  the poorer nations could not afford to participate . 
  since a devaluation is global and thus ineffective for the smaller nations , something must be provisioned for the nations who can not afford to spend 3 percent of their gdp on tax breaks and infrastructure . 
  there needs to be something more than just short term bond purchasing and ridiculously large loans with the caveat of austerity . 
  the `` rules mean something '' only if they work . 
  only if they are proven . 
  and this point in time , they are failing several nations who are now stuck between a rock and a hard place . 
  austerity and interest repayment or a return to their own currency and further economic destruction . 
  it would indeed be a bad thing for the euro , both the currency and the union . 
  what it will show above anything else is that there is no flexibility in the union , that the larger wealthier nations will always dictate the terms , the same nations , mind you , that benefit the most from the single currency . 
  therefore , why would any of the weaker economies continue on , knowing that they face the ultimate ultimatum ? 
  do as we say , or leave . 
  this just goes to show that even the wealthy and somewhat educated can fall prey to media headlines . 
  what about the other nations ? 
  have they not taken on risk with not only greece , but the other nations that have required bail out loans ? 
  the idea that such a figurehead is perpetuating this manufactured myth that this is only about germany and greece is absolutely disturbing . 
  tl : dr shame on buffet . 
  stick to the micro , chubby , and quit feeding this shit-rag of a website . 
  because all russian citizens must die of starvation to prove our moral point !, 
  and all russian businesses and citizens are to blame for the invasion of ukraine , right ? 
  they were all asked and agreed to it , kind like bush 's invasion of iraq . 
  voluntary to join . 
  illegal to exit . 
  i 'm not talking about its history . 
  right now the ecb is playing politics and that could very well lead to the unraveling of the eurozone . 
  from individual taxpayer savings accounts ... 
  starting with those that use reddit . 
   the european central bank is independent . 
  it 's not in the hands of governments in europe lol . 
  naiveness level 8 reached . 
  the basic premise stands . 
  greece , along with the rest of the eu , requires stimulus to recover their gdp to pre-crisis levels , a crisis that was not created in a bubble , but rather dominoed by the one in the us . 
  the problem is they are being withheld from the ecb bond purchasing program . 
  all of the eu is receiving stimulus as a result , except greece . 
  and they had a surplus in 2014 . 
  a small one , but one nonetheless . 
  again , if you would have read the article , you would have seen it . 
  `` the greek finance ministry recently revised last year 's primary budget surplus to 0.3 percent , from 1.5 percent of gdp as estimated by the former conservative government and agreed with the country 's international lenders . '', 
  it 's called a deflationary spiral . 
  gdp shrinks due to suppressed economic activity thus increasing the deficit proportionally . 
  also , the first loans package was released prior to that 20 % figure , thus increasing the percentage . 
  if you would have read the short article , you would have seen it . 
  wrong again : `` the list estimates a primary budget surplus of 1.5 pct for 2015 , below the 3 percent target included in the country 's existing eu/imf bailout , and growth of 1.4 percent , the official said . '', 
  please enlighten ... 
  i 'm not sure what you mean here . 
  quantitative easing is currently active in europe , scheduled until september 2016 . 
  the principles are the exact same as the american qe . 
  how much of that deficit was stimulus spending and how much was servicing its debt ? 
  * looks like nearly 20 % was interest payments in 2010 http://t-government.blogspot.com/2011/06/greek-budget-visualisation-where-do.html, 
  yes . 
  with over a hundred billion in stimulus in 2010 , germany was able to have an economic recovery , and then go on to tell greece they can not use their own surplus for the same proven financial method of recovery . 
  great depression ? 
  massive stimulus and money printing . 
  great recession ? 
  massive stimulus and money printing . 
  european crisis ? 
  massive stimulus ( for only a few ) and ecb money printing . 
  depression in greece with an employment rate far greater than any of the above mentioned ? 
  austerity !!, 
  yes , another serving please . 
  i believe it all goes back to feta  gouda, 
  good . 
  this is the kind of competition europe needs . 
  here in america we do n't have any corruption because the corporations have lobbied the government into changing the name from corruption to `` freedom exchange . '', 
  well this would only be for the cockpit in order to keep the crew alert regardless of masks . 
  is it safe to just flood the cockpit with oxygen in this type of circumstance ? 
  at the end of the day you have to be able to look in the mirror and live with yourself . 
  some people can rationalize taking it . 
  i 'm not one of them . 
  i went to see this art exhibit at the museum . 
  it was the cartier collection and in it they had the entire history of the company . 
  it was very interesting . 
  anyways , one picture that stood out to me depicted a few bolsheviks standing over a large table of jewels that had belonged to the tzaar . 
  the looks on their faces were telling and then i realized that very few people would n't be corrupted in that situation and that we are all idealists until a large diamond hits you in the mouth . 
  in two months time . 
  so why are guys so anxious to keep them ? 
  are they a nice place to visit or is there only bases and oil fields ? 
  `` the threat is permanent , '' said one high-level official in the defence ministry , speaking on condition of anonymity . 
  `` not one day goes by without an alert , the discovery of a network trying to send people to syria or iraq , or an intervention ( by the security services ) . 
  `` the number of targets has exploded . 
  there are two or three thousand , maybe four thousand , people identified or suspected of evil intentions . '', 
  you guys need to read this very carefully and ask yourselves what is really going on . 
  `` evil intentions ? '', 
  that sounds a lot like the term `` evil doers '' bush used to use leading up to a couple invasions . 
  i realize unemployment is higher in spain than during the great depression in america and that a ever growing cross section of the population is living below the poverty line but in 100 years the debt will be paid off and everybody can feel good about themselves , that the union is working and the livelihood of its citizens is held above the bottom line of its banks . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  i did n't know this .
