  i think this a positive article . 
  the ez needs as much stimulus as possible . 
  inflation is not existent . 
  this is why varoufakis called this deal the new treaty of versailles . 
  it 's because he believes it will only increase nationalistic fanaticism by effectively doing the same damage to the greek economy as if they had been defeated in war . 
  undoubtedly , this will push people to the fringe parties on both ends of the political spectrum , which has historically been a problem for greece . 
  and this is happening at a time when greece desperately needs new centrist parties to replace the corrupt old ones . 
  only thing not falling is your debt load : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;init=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=teina225&amp;plugin=1, 
  but if they only austeere harder it will all be ok . edit : oh i see . 
  you do n't like my comment because i 'm an american . 
  that 's fine . 
  let 's just ignore the fact that deflation is continuing to plague the euro zone 6 freaking years after the market collapse . 
  meanwhile austerity is still being pushed as the solution to the southern economies . 
  if you would have read the article you would have seen this : `` there is just one problem with this storyline -- gdp growth in spain , as elsewhere , tells only part of the story , albeit an important one . 
  while almost everyone ( economists , journalists , eurocrats , troikaytes and even many spanish citizens ) desperately clings to the dream that the worst is over , they wilfully ignore one niggling fact -- namely , that the government 's version of events is riddled with gaping holes : `` many little greeces . '' since rajoy won the last elections in november , 2011 , spain 's public debt has grown at a faster rate than any time in its post-franco history . 
  a staggering $ 590 billion -- the equivalent of 30 percentage points -- have been added to the country 's total debt during the last three and a half years of government-imposed `` austerity . '' but yeah . 
  let 's continue to champion austerity and pretend it is working because gdps dropped 20 precent and are now up 2 or 3 percent . 
  i do n't . 
  i like it just the way it is , just with less infighting . 
  if they let us have greece , in 5 years we 'll own the entire continent . 
  gon na have some damn good meals at the meetings . 
  over there , over there send the word , send the word over there that the yanks are coming , the yanks are coming the drums are rum-tumming everywhere so prepare , say a prayer send the word , send the word to beware we 'll be over there , we 're coming over and we wo n't come back till it 's over over there . 
  over there . 
  and he 's not even greek orthodox !!!, 
  it 's a competing religion telling you all that you have lost it !, 
  watch this shit get fixed in two days . 
  by antitrust i mean competition in general . 
  this is for 15 times the amount . 
  `` his resistance will complicate merkel 's effort to win her party 's backing for a third bailout when the bundestag votes on the deal , which could be later this week if the greek parliament backs prime minister alexis tsipras . '', 
  wow . 
  so the deal is effectively dead in the water . 
  perhaps the plan was to offer tsipras something so severe and humiliating that they never thought he would accept it . 
  only he did . 
  and now [ he is staying on ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3d9ytu/tsipras_will_not_resign_feels_obliged_to_carry/ ) to pass it through his own parliament only to then watch germany 's fail to ratify it , which then will anger hollande and others and will force everybody back to the negotiating table , something none of them want to do . 
  meanwhile there are more and more calls for debt forgiveness and the negative press for germany is increasing . 
  at the same time , the greek banks are running out of cash and the economy has seized up , which is digging the debt hole even deeper . 
  this , my friends , is far from over . 
  that 's just one side of it . 
  on the other side it promotes the breaking of laws such as environmental , labor , and antitrust . 
  too much red tape is just as bad as too little . 
  because the us does n't directly benefit from the euro . 
  this is a good write up of the problems that are not really talked about that greece faces . 
  austerity is not the answer but dealing with these problems is a large part of it . 
  does n't make him wrong though now does it ? 
  no offense , boob . 
  but it was asked a few times already in the last 48 hours . 
  yet the finance ministers have agreed to a third mortgage , have n't they ? 
  let me guess , out of the goodness of their hearts , right ? 
  well why do they keep giving greece money ? 
  tell me , which is better ? 
  90 billion in new money , or 90 billion in debt relief ? 
  because i tell you what , if you truly believe greece can not pay back this money then you would be livid at your politicians for even considering a 3rd bailout . 
  i mean talk about irresponsible lending and accepting bad risk , is this not the picture of stupidity ? 
  unless of course the propaganda is wrong and they very much do believe greece will pay back the money , with interest , will remain in the euro zone , thus negating any increased instability , which would amount to rising rates on bonds , which is in fact what the ecb is currently trying to combat with qe , allowing the wealthier nations to remain in a currency union that gives them a depreciated currency , in comparison to their previous ones , which continues to benefit them in the export market and thus remain on the steady upswing in gdps . 
  but tell me again please how this new money is the fault of greek pensioners and the 26 % of them that are unemployed . 
  i said this first in a comment on a website called reddit which has a subsection called / r/europe where we discuss such matters in a rather amateurish and humorous way . 
  you are a bit late to the office with this . 
  boob ; how you do you feel about using the search function ? 
  not just the current proposals but the direction in which the euro zone is moving in . 
  a grexit might be the equivalent of jumping from the train and injuring yourself 30 seconds before it crashes into a brick wall . 
  this makes it seem a bit more rational but still more details are needed on specific assets . 
  long term leases and minority control are good things . 
  these things modernize the infrastructure and bring in profits by companies who are better served to manage them , as they have too much to lose to not do so . 
  however , outright fire sales and forced deals should under no conditions be allowed and should not even be considered . 
  people here have convinced themselves there would be no contagion . 
  they live in a fantasy world . 
  you 're right . 
  you need a heart to have a heart attack . 
  schauble would have a heart attack . 
  i was wrong . 
  article was short on details, 
  the european council said in a statement monday that an investigation showed `` serious negligence '' concerning the recording of health expenditure in the eastern region of valencia . 
  trust works both ways , however . 
  what trust did syriza have to go on since the troika destroyed their gdp , supported the corrupt parties of nd and pasok , and forced asset sales that were utterly give aways . 
  what trust did they have that the troika actually cared about restoring their economy instead of just using any surplus to pay back loans that were for all intents and purposes to save the euro zone from dissolution ? 
  that 's the one . 
  the hot one . 
  and then how long would a unity government like that last ? 
  is it just a temporary thing ? 
  i agree . 
  if he had approached with a better attitude , showing respect and speaking in a manner that was n't defensive , i think he would gotten a much better deal . 
  so what do you expect is going to happen now ? 
  if there were elections again this week , who would you vote for ? 
  everything is happening really fast . 
  which would lead to snap elections no doubt . 
  but then what ? 
  i vote to replace her with the lady from the european parliament meeting . 
  it wo n't . 
  this will be revisited in less than a year . 
  everyone will blame the greeks for not austeering hard enough . 
  good write up but why do you write a maybe for the give later ? 
  i thought the asset fund was a mandatory part of the deal . 
  the way they handled things since 2009 has been a complete failure ending in the financial takeover of a sovereign nation . 
  i ca n't believe there was n't a voice of reason out of the larger countries . 
  you could say hollande was one of them but even he signed off on these ludicrous demands . 
  that 's where i thought he was going . 
  when do they start ? 
  `` we need hollande to get his act together and restore unity with german chancellor ( angela ) merkel '' said former president nicolas sarkozy , also in brussels for a meeting of the centre-right european peoples party ( epp ) . 
  this is the first major crisis . 
  of course it looks bleak .
