  what 's important is not the how the eu got here but where it is going . 
  right now it is headed down a dangerous road but its not too late . 
  someone needs to step up and lead at these negotiations , not for their own country but for the union . 
  someone has to pull everybody back to the table . 
  put the blame away and find solutions that do n't punish people for past mistakes . 
  maybe a federation is n't the answer but that does n't mean the eu ca n't be powerful . 
  look at all the advancements that have taken place in the last 10 years , roads and bridges in countries that could n't afford them , one of the best rail systems on earth , quality of life in all member nations elevated , and the doubling and tripling of gdp 's . 
  you just wan na give all that up at the first major challenge ? 
  i am a dual citizen us and eu and i am proud of both . 
  sure i was born in the us and call it my home but when i found out i could get eu citizenship as well i flew over and got it because i believe in the project . 
  obama believes in the project as well . 
  all the major leaders respect what has been accomplished . 
  they will respect it even more when it survives this . 
  you got a non-bild link ? 
  you really think portugal is first world and greece is n't ? 
  first weapons now banks . 
  germany needs to replace him before he destroys the euro zone . 
  corrupt leaders have no place in the eu , be it greece or germany !, 
  how old are you ? 
  fall into line ? 
  whose line ? 
  they 've done nothing to deserve that being thrown about . 
  they 've done everything , however , to deserve the criticism being thrown their way regarding economic political policy . 
  this has carried on longer than wwii, 
  bond vigilantes would come knocking very quickly on spain 's doors . 
   how will that prevent a collapse ? 
  tell me how it `` prevents '' it as oppose to only `` delaying '' it . 
  because a proper package including debt relief secures a permanent path forward for greece instead of constantly extending the problem forward by a few months every time which is what has been going on for 5 years now . 
  greece showed growth before the negotiations collapsed with both increased tax collection as well as reduced spending . 
   you mean when greece was bailed out ? 
  i 'm starting to think you do n't actually know what a bailout is or how it works and are just repeating a talking point that you heard without understanding what it means . 
  [ oh dear ] ( http://www.businessweek.com/globalbiz/content/apr2009/gb20090410_254738.htm )  it is n't that suddenly . 
  the elected greek government has been shitting on every ounce of trust that was left towards them from europe . 
  that was after getting elected based on a campaign of ripping up old promises . 
  did you miss all of that or are you just choosing to ignore it ? 
  if by trust you mean being forced into 5 years of austerity that further added to its debt load , saw its gdp sliced by 25 % , and saw youth unemployment grow to over 50 % then fine . 
  i did not miss any of it and neither did the world 's leading economists . 
  perhaps you are the one choosing to ignore these numbers . 
   you understand that missing other payments can still reduce trust that you will make your future payments on other lines of credit , right ? 
  they have delayed one payment to the imf in lieu of the current negotiations . 
  it would be reckless of them to pay such a large amount if they are going to be forced out anyways . 
  once negotiations are completed , and they are still in the ez , then they will pay . 
   what ? 
  you mean public debt that was owned by the private sector . 
  that is totally different than how you just portrayed it . 
  yes . 
  instead of public debt owned by another public who was n't even asked for approval . 
  where else is the gas going to come from ? 
  also [ this ] ( http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnn/2014/images/03/07/us_eu_russia_trade.jpg ) . 
  americanized ? 
  where 's the pizza hut and scooters ? 
  that 's fair but pride is not a solution to economic troubles . 
  pride is what prevents giving the southern member states what they need , which is stimulus . 
  you can trumpet the `` successes '' of austerity measures all you like . 
  but austerity does not fix [ this ] ( https://chartingfinancials.files.wordpress.com/2014/05/europe-countries-with-highest-unemployment-march-2014-or-latest-data.png?w=640 ) . 
  careful and targeted spending fixes that . 
  furthermore , i find it a bit disingenuous to say that major concessions have n't been made . 
  at the current time , greece is passing an austerity bill through parliament that is even harsher than the one voted no on in the referendum . 
  why are they doing that ? 
  in order to have some debt relief which has near unanimous intellectual support as the only way out for greece . 
  the political support however is split in each direction . 
  why ? 
  the pride thing . 
  a lot of them have probably left the country . 
  that 's why an international anti-corruption organization is needed . 
  because `` giving '' them billions more is the only way to prevent the eu from political and economic collapse . 
  nobody questioned the bailing out of the banks in 2010 . 
  nobody questioned when those bailouts were transferred from the bank balance sheets to the taxpayer balance sheets . 
  but now suddenly everybody is suspicious of the plans of a small economic nation because they are n't completely volunteering their sovereignty . 
  greece has n't missed an efsf repayment yet , so suffice to say , up until this point in time , the efsf is in the black not the red . 
  and before somebody mentions the haircut that occurred , understand that that was private debt , not public that was restructured . 
  well . 
  to be fair , greece was handed the lagarde list 5 years ago . 
  only syriza had the balls to start arresting people . 
  i 'm sure they would n't mind some outside assistance to track the rest down . 
  i do n't see how that 's viewed as meddling . 
  i 'm really surprised that during the past six years the poor greek citizens did n't go track these people down and hang them from the light posts . 
  then again , we did n't do shit either after 2009 . 
  the best we could come up with was occupy wall street . 
  how does the saying go ? 
  it 's like trying to swallow poison to punish someone else . 
  what a shameful hit piece . 
  show me where she broke the law . 
  and i 'm no supporter of these pos banks because they are responsible for the illegal trading of sub prime derivatives which torpedoed the global economy . 
  but this piece is just a pathetic attempt to cast blame where it does n't belong . 
  the eu knew exactly what they we 're getting . 
  if you think they let greece in to be nice , then you have been reading the articles in the wrong porno mag . 
  they down vote the article because it does n't fit their agenda . 
  ooooh the markets are gon na love this one tomorrow . 
  more economic damage coming . 
  the schism widens . 
  each day new countries pick a side and more damage is done . 
  this could n't be scripted any better . 
  the problem with the us getting involved is that it completely undermines the intention of the eu , which was to become a unified group of nations that stood on equal footing with the superpowers . 
  if obama has to get involved in a heavy handed way then it 's all over . 
  these are both illegal and absolutely insane proposals . 
  schauble has completely lost it . 
  i am in complete awe of how poorly this is going for the eu . 
  each day that this crisis drags on , the closer the unraveling of the entire project becomes . 
  now we are seeing strange unlawful proposals being flung around in complete desperation while countries pick sides and hurl threats at each other .
