* one major power , france is n't what it once was . 
  we actually have no reason to contribute to nato , so we do n't . 
  calling a country selfish the way you would a person does n't really make sense . 
  countries ought to do what 's best for themselves alone . 
  a country forges and maintains an alliance not because it 's selfless , but because there 's ultimately a benefit to be derived from that alliance . 
  how could nato benefit ireland ? 
  good save . 
  i read something that sounds very like what your describing in the dumas club but it was by carlos ruiz zafon and had a different title in english , but i 'm nearly sure it 's the same story . 
  does the cemetery of books come into it ? 
  edit : sorry i 've gotten mixed up with the shadow of the wind and the angel 's game . 
  i would recommend them though . 
  thankfully the son of the man that did that signed away our economic sovereignty at the behest of the bankers , meaning that now we 're free of the tyranny of irish politicians . 
  germany and troika make all the important decisions around here now and things are improving because of that . 
  we 've do n't have enough to export and we have to pay market price to foreign corporations for every drop because of corrupt politicians who sold our oil rights for personal gain . 
  that kind of corruption is why we do n't belong in your perfect little union of perfect countries full of fit blondes . 
  i wish i was scandinavian . 
  i think you 're over-exaggerating the amount of people that want a european monoculture . 
  there are a few quite extreme europhiles in / r/europe but the number is negligible in reality . 
  even if there was a considerable amount , a european monoculture at the expense of our national cultures could never really happen . 
  there 's simply too much great history , language and culture . 
  just the fact that welsh culture exists to this day despite it being a part of england and then the uk for so long is a testament to this . 
  namely , oil . 
  herman i : the most charismatic and adored emperor since napoleon . 
  it certainly has it 's uses but excluding the yanks and brits seems a bit bad . 
  i used to work in a factory with loads of foreigners and i always thought it was a bit rude when they started yacking away in polish or something . 
  excellent use of the language to stop a perv though . 
  using it for good rather than evil . 
  free money !!, 
  that would be nice but it 's never going to happen really . 
  i imagine they 'll always be our allies though . 
  what would the queen 's position be in a federal europe ? 
  thanks for writing out my opinion for me !, 
  i could n't have put it better myself . 
  what can anyone actually do ? 
  obviously nobody is going to fight for ukraine . 
  the us want to use sanctions but that would hurt europe too much . 
  so usa and eu will obviously be incoherent on that . 
  all they can really do is finance kiev , sell good weapons to deter russia , maybe offer them some assistance with intel and training . 
  this would all be going on behind the scenes . 
  this is all i use the irish language for . 
  if i pretended i did n't understand english , what would they do ? 
  dat ass, 
  because nato is dominated by america and will essentially do what is in america 's interest . 
  this is fine because usually our interests are aligned but we 're starting to see with the ukraine crisis that that might not always be the case . 
  also , it would be a sign that europe is integrating and on it 's way to looking more like a country , although i acknowledge that not everyone wants this . 
  are your friends the kind of people who might be enlisted men ? 
  we could definitely get the manpower , particularly from countries where unemployment is high . 
  as for whether the eu budget could support it , i do n't actually know . 
  i 'm sure some kind of force could be put together to represent us on the world stage , it would be made more effective by the fact that it could use french and british bases around the world ( presumably ) . 
  i doubt the germans would provide a large part of the manpower for the army but i think it 's possible that they could put funding towards it because it would be a tool for european integration and also the army 's mere existence would give us more of a voice in dealing with crises such as ukraine , by making us appear more united . 
  if you put in sort of for everything you get belgium . 
  so boring . 
  same :d ^ up ^ de ^ ra !, 
  shout out to austria and spain for being like you 's somehow . 
  also , i never liked greece and latvia anyway :p, 
  could we make an eu army out of the current eu budget ? 
  would ~ 2 % be badly missed ? 
  you would have to allow britain and france to remain independent of it if they choose . 
  if it 's a success then you could see the armies of varies nations gradually integrated into it . 
  it 's a bit much to ask all soldiers to be multilingual , but you could have a unit of say lithuanian speakers , with officers that speak lithuanian and english and maybe a few extra languages if possible . 
  with a system of units with different languages , you 'll still be able to put together mostly english-speaking divisions . 
  there 's a picture of a packed red square with everyone sporting sky blue and some close ups to show they support putin . 
  then there 's loads of pictures of communists decked out in red and in much less numbers . 
  wake up sheeple . 
  it seems a bit of a high standard though that most soldiers should be bilingual . 
  i 've been thinking about it since i asked and i reckon there should be units that use one language but officers should speak english and the language of their unit . 
  so you could have a spanish speaking division for spanish-speaking soldiers but officers should speak spanish and english . 
  how would language work in the european forces ? 
  story time ? 
  ireland is finally benefiting from being up where it rains . 
  everyone has forgotten us . 
  what 's wrong with der spiegel ? 
  i 've never used it , just curious . 
  appropriate username, 
  yeah i do n't quite understand what is meant about germany but the points about the uk and ireland seem quite intuitive . 
  probably because i 'm irish . 
  and then you painted them with one brush saying they 're all promiscuous . 
  that 's all i was pointing out . 
  i never said promiscuity is bad . 
  would you say there 's any likelihood of an armenian and azerbaijani conflict involving iran and israel ? 
  yeah i can see that , i just did n't really understand why you were saying we should change the definition of racism . 
  races are races and racism is bias for/against races which exists no matter what you call it . 
  you said we should stay above prejudice . 
  the prejudice is in relation to theft . 
  perhaps i should have said , `` you make a sweeping statement like that with no basis in fact and then get on your high horse and tell us we need to stay above prejudice '', 
  how you define racism is n't going to change the fact that people are prejudiced against different `` peoples/cultures '' like the jews or the roma . 
  i did n't downvote you but maybe i should get a better education anyway because i do n't understand you . 
  what do you mean by based on offspring ? 
  it 's the fact that you make a sweeping statement like that with no basis in fact and then get on your high horse and tell us we should n't berate them for being thieves because they 're not all like that . 
   we need to stay above prejudice ...  roma are promiscuous what rational minds are these ? 
  so there 's no such thing as racism ? 
  or racism is hating all humans ? 
  yeah that 's very true , had do a ctrl + f search to find this comment . 
  i 'm surprised nobody else has said this . 
  more wishes !, 
  a border with germany probably would n't have been the best thing for you historically . 
  * fool of a took !, 
  upvote for flann o'brien . 
  ca n't remember if that 's the one with the molly-cules though ? 
  might have been at swim two birds .
