  when the pound went down , all i saw on this sub were people claiming this was the brexit 's fault . 
  and now , when that turn out not to be the case , you still blame , well , not the brexit itself , but the * people * who supported it ? 
  do n't you think it 's time to let go of all that hate ? 
  understandable , since a lot of people are still upset . 
  leaders are n't these larger then life figures , they 're humans and it 'll take time for relations to be repaired and bridges to be rebuilt . 
  still , seeing as the uk is a large economic player , as are other european countries and the eu as a block , it 's in everyone 's interest to work together . 
  if anything , lobbying from corporations will see to that one way or another . 
  politically we might not see eye to eye but greed binds us all , 
  but all that relies on the notion that american ( and british to a lesser extent ) taboos , symbols and culture are universal . 
  as somebody who is a part of neither , why would those apply to me ? 
  should horse meat be banned as well for example ? 
  it 's obviously derived from people 's tales of what subsaharan africans look like , sure , and it went on to become its own thing from there . 
  in order for what you just said to be true , the current zwarte piet has to be 1 . 
  a caricature of africans , which he is n't , he is zwarte piet which is a unique character . 
  it 's not like this is a standard portrayal of black people . 
  and 2 . 
  mocking . 
  mocking requires intent . 
  also , `` the world has changed '' is not an argument . 
  - edit - i do n't want to come across as too hostile or defensive and if i did , i apologize , but the notion that dutch people somehow conspire to ridicule black people does kind of tick me off . 
  that 's not the kind of person i am , nor do i believe that 's the kind of society i live in or would want to live in . 
  well then , what was the the whole `` excuse me '' thing about ? 
  you are excused . 
  if you look at what i wrote i was obviously talking about the past few decades , as much as this might surprise you , the entire history of the world does not revolve around wwii . 
  i 'm probably missing the cultural context , but why would those elements be seen as racist ? 
  for a ye olde timey dutch context here , zwarte piet 's appearance is derived from [ moorish gapers ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=moorish+gaper&amp;biw=1024&amp;bih=670&amp;prmd=isvn&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjvg8u8vmtpahvd1hqkha7xdouq_auibygb ) which were busts placed on pharmacies . 
  probably also the root of the anglo sphere blackface . 
  well i did say that was true on a large enough time scale , most people use their own lifespans as a reference point though . 
  one would hope that even though there are ups and downs , there ultimately is a larger trend towards humanity becoming somewhat more peaceful . 
  unless we run out of resources and society collapses . 
  i 'd say that would count as a terrorist attack . 
  it gets a bit complicated though , with `` the use of violence and intimidation in the pursuit of political aims . '', 
  as the definition of terrorism , islamists would fall under this because their ideology also has a strong political component . 
  now , is racism political ? 
  honestly , let 's just go with yes here , because otherwise , like you pointed out , there 's a pretty big chance at having double standards . 
  while obviously true on a larger scale , europe previously * was * a bit more peaceful . 
  yes , there were the balkan wars and there certainly were terrorists . 
  the scope of the area affected changed though , late last century most terror attacks in europe were linked to organizations like the ira , eta or the raf and were more local . 
  jihadi attacks have a far larger reach . 
  they * might * be , it depends on the why , not the how . 
  but you have nothing to say , that 's my whole point . 
  there literally is nothing to listen to , because `` please take my p.o.v. 
  into consideration as well '' turns out to be `` no , do exactly what - i - want '' instead . 
  so your concept of democracy is voting over and over again until people choose the `` correct '' option ? 
  ok , you can try again after the next election , maybe there 'll be a majority in parliament in favor of another referendum . 
  labour seems to be in shambles though , but you never know . 
  as for people protesting - now - , since they do n't want anything concrete except to show they 're angry , they 're apparently just throwing a temper tantrum . 
  of course they should be ignored , they may have the right to free speech , but others do n't have the obligation to listen . 
  but otherwise , the opposite would be true , it would be the minority forcing the majority to accept something against their will on something that has a big impact on their daily life . 
  and yes , this is exactly how this works , because being a member of the eu is a binary option . 
  if all of this was such a huge problem , it would have made sense to protest the referendum - before - it happened , not afterwards just because a small group of people do n't like the results . 
  and would what not dismissing them look like , in concrete terms ? 
  again , being part of the eu is a binary option , so that 's not on the table . 
  so what else is there to talk about ? 
  it 's other european countries that are blocking the uk from striking bilateral deals , not the uk themselves . 
  at the moment at least , maybe cooler heads will prevail . 
  well , you 're either a member of the eu or you 're not . 
  kind of like being `` a little bit pregnant '' . 
  so what could be done about the minority in this case ? 
  did you read that bbc link ? 
  it 's not so much a conspiracy * theory * when highly placed people openly favor rather questionable things . 
  sure , i was being a tad melodramatic but it 's taking the same principle of what that man was saying and applying that logic on a smaller scale . 
  like in that book , the other link i posted , a satire of the way things were going back then . 
  rationalism over everything with men merely being cogs . 
  machine men with machine minds and machine hearts , to quote mr. chaplin . 
  they probably do this after reading an x amount of articles, 
  paywalled, 
  oh i 've seen them around and i would n't be so naive as to see them as independant . 
  think tanks and their ilk never are . 
  even if one were to never have heared of them , they give away their american/atlanticist bias by calling austria northern europe . 
  too bad they chose such a clickbait title , this seems like a pretty insightful analysis . 
  british tabloid journalism seems to excel at spreading bs , but it 's not a - whole - lot better over here , the situation certainly seems to have deteriorated over the past 10 years . 
  my personal pet peeve is that nobody bothers to differentiate between news and editorials anymore . 
  and those stupid `` human interest '' fluff pieces . 
  oh i agree , i was talking about the abortion debate in general . 
  what the polish government did here was awful , if only because it also outlawed abortion when the mother 's life was in jeopardy . 
  look at it from the anti-abortionist side though , from their p.o.v. 
  you are in favor of legal infanticide . 
  imagine if you were saying it 's ok to kill toddlers and that 's just up to the parent 's conscience and the state should have no say over this , that them trying to prevent murdering babies would be evil . 
  not that i believe that btw , it depends on when personhood begins and if you consider potentials to be the most important factor even masturbation would be genocide , but `` individual freedom '' just is n't a very valid counterargument . 
  poe 's law strikes again * !, 
  does it sound outrageous ? 
  definitely . 
  i agree it sounds outlandish but 1 . 
  yes , it was somewhat of a hyperbole , just as it was in the book i mentioned at the end . 
  several influential people have mentioned either directly or indirectly that in order for their preferred society to come to fruition , the established one has to be removed . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-18519395 ) is one example . 
  this * open society * has to be brought about by subversion of the traditional state , because it 's axiom is that ethnic nationalism is bad , therefore the indigenous population has to be replaced to a point where regionalism is no longer a stronger force then supranationalism . 
  it may not be violent , but it 's a ruthless utilitarian view that i do n't subscribe to . 
  well kind of , because the outcome will be that hungary will not accept eu quota plans , regardless of what happens with the referendum . 
  not that i disagree with that , but it was a bit silly to ask . 
  how was the referendum presented domestically ? 
  normally speaking , a binary referendum is simple ( and often perhaps - too - simplistic , but that 's a story for another day ) and you have one of two outcomes , two courses of action , a or b. 
  if a was refusing immigrants , what was option b ? 
  ah , i see , i totally thought he was talking about the german poitician here , i saw the name and just glazed over . 
  i guess that 's because i associate it more with modern proponents like everybody 's favorite filantropist george soros . 
  but you 're right , it 'll probably make sense to read the original text instead of just going by modern interpretations . 
  it was always going to be a non-binding referendum , why would it matter that the outcome technically is `` invalid '' ? 
  what does that even * mean * in this context ? 
  i was talking about the * open society * part , that 's kind of a. . . thing .
