  not really a mistake , there 's no way you could have known . 
  jullie means you ( plural ) , it 's originally a contraction and the german literal equivalent would be something like `` duleu ( te ) '' , or `` y' all '' in english . 
  oh boy , more clickbait fodder for all the pseudo-intellectuals . 
  i bet this 'll do great , stroke your own ego by making yourself seem superior , check . 
  evil russians behind every corner , check . 
  it just needs some more anti-british rhetoric though . 
  i 'm actually pretty surprised that flag survived the onslaught . 
  perhaps german backup troops arrived after the annexation of france ? 
  it appears that there is a universal unwritten law of sorts that states that it 's illegal for them to ever be funny or insightful . 
  at least it does n't use those stupid labels ? 
  rt can be okay , as long as the news does n't have anything to do with russia or russian interests . 
  that is one of the most hollow phrases i have ever heard . 
  like i said , good luck with that . 
  the eu has been screwing around on this issue ever since the failed constitutional referendum and even now , after everything that 's happened , they still ca n't come up with anything substantial . 
  `` eu leaders disagree ... '' now there 's a shocker . 
  good luck with that whole united europe thing , you 'll need it . 
  you can get away with a lot of nonsense when you control all domestic media , that way you get to frame the discussion . 
  this way it makes it look like - he - stopped the process to honour the will of the turkish people instead of being rejected . 
  then perhaps it was n't wise to use wording that could be read that way . 
  do you really think that it was n't deliberate by the way ? 
  the english meme at the beginning and the spacing at the end between perish to emphasise it ? 
  i agree that there 's a conversation to be had there , but `` you * must * join us and no leaving ! . . 
  * or else !!, 
  * '' probably is n't the best way of going about it , especially after erdogan 's remarks and the uk terror attack . 
  just what the eu needs , thinly veiled passive-aggressive threats . 
  juncker is such an incredibly poor pick for president , every single time he opens his mouth something inane like this comes out . 
  here 's to hoping there will be a democratic reform to make sure something like this does n't happen again . 
  and the offending tweet ? 
  it was him quoting the mayor :  terror attacks are part of living in big city , says london mayor sadiq khan, 
  how horrible !, 
  that poor , misunderstood philanthropist , why ca n't people just understand how much this man and his charities mean ? 
  how he * personally * shares responsibility for all the * good * things that have been happening in this blessed 21st century ? 
  thank you , george . 
  thank you * so much * for what you have done . . 
  right you are , edited . 
  even if they wo n't join , being part of the talks increases their status as a serious political party instead of being eternal opposition members , especially now that they are the ( shared ) biggest party on the left . 
  also , it does n't really matter that it 's probably not going to work our for them , it would have been horribly impolite to not even try . 
  not entirely true , as far as i can tell ( and it 's extremely hard to find out because the eu likes to be as convoluted and opaque as possible ) , there are absolute vetoes in the areas of social security , taxes , foreign affairs and defense . 
  looks like they smell blood now that dijsselbloem 's party is no longer in a position of power . 
  they are in a negotiation stage though , so of course they 're going to ask for more than what they 'll eventually settle for . 
  awesome , apparently it 's older than the giza pyramids !, 
  - edit - yes , quite a bit older . 
  which i could have known if i read the title correctly , i had no idea the oldest building on earth was in france . . 
   if they 're poor enough , this is kind of true . 
  they 'll either go to the nearest arable land or they 'll just starve , which is why we ought to crush those who are opposed to climate action . 
  few will make it across the mediterranean , the sahara , and the bosphorus , our natural border guards . 
  if they flee to a richer neighbouring country , those richer inhabitants will in turn flee somewhere else . 
  and those * do * have the means to pay human traffickers . 
  the mediterranean is a barrier but also extremely hard to control . 
   studies have also shown it can up to double world gdp [ a norwegian study has shown the opposite ] ( http://www.dagbladet.no/nyheter/56-milliarder-kroner-til-kursing-av-innvandrere/62772418 )  indigenous non-migrant populations have also skyrocketed . 
  not in the west , we even have some areas with a contracting population . 
  you should n't lock your door because thieves will smash in your windows . 
  large demographic shifts * ca n't * be a problem if they happen legally . 
  calling for stricter migration policies is something for the fringes , like virtually all center-to-right wing parties in the netherlands . 
  which is kind of a strange mistake to make , considering the writer of the article is dutch himself . 
  let me guess , european countries are more liberal on average because of legal inter-european migration , completely taking the statistics out of context . 
  when climate change makes an area uninhabitable , it will not lead to migration from that area . 
  brain drain is n't a problem because migrants send their money back home instead of spending it in the local economy . 
  although studies have shown a net gdp loss because of migration , this is n't a problem because they can do the shitty jobs for rich people . 
  we need even more migrants because of an aging population , never mind jobs being replaced by automatization . 
  migrant streams remain the same , even though the figure given is a percentage and the total human population has skyrocketed . 
   `` turkey and europe are at loggerheads with ankara accusing some european countries such as germany and the netherlands of applying what it says are ` nazi methods ' by banning the rallies of turkish ministers among expatriate turks ... '' turkish ministers were banned from entering the country * after * calling the dutch nazis and threatening with economic sanctions , not the other way around . 
  napoleon 's brother was actually a pretty cool and popular guy , this video does n't really do him justice . 
  my good , dear friend . 
  juncker ... well , anyway :  the eu 's 27 leaders plan to declare `` europe is our common future '' during a meeting in rome next week to mark 60 years of the bloc . 
  these kind of meaningless words do more to undermine the eu than to strengthen it , it is the veneer of doing something , without actually doing something . 
  let me guess , they wanted to make a common statement as a sign of unity , but they could n't agree on the wording so in the end they chose the most generic statement possible . 
  what the hell does that even mean , anyway ? 
  i do n't think we 'll be towing away the country any time soon . 
   `` half memberships and cherry-picking are n't possible . 
  in europe you eat what 's on the table or you do n't sit at the table , '' he added . 
  that 's literally the opposite of the way the eu has been operating so far . 
  i read that as well and i have to agree , that 's not a proposal , it does n't address the desires of other countries * at all * . 
  but i 'm preaching to the choir here  . 
  i understand his objections , they 're upset it will change the current power balance , but what 's the alternative ? 
  the eu is in the curious position of being both over and under centralized and the current status quo is harming europe in the long run . . so does he have another proposel ? 
  it 's not that they are both published by the guardian , it 's that the right wing media is being blamed for something that everybody is doing , not just them . 
  and when it comes to next level left wing spinning , that 's the guardians forte . 
  so to have them , known spin doctors , print a letter comdemning spinning by the right , with a counterexample directly beneath it , was fairly ironic to me . 
  it 's ironic because in one article it 's pointed out that the * right wing * media are misinterpreting the results of the dutch election , yet the very next article , using the very same thumbnail , is an article celebrating the outcome of the elections while obviously making that same mistake . 
  pot , kettle , black , that sort of thing . 
  what on earth is he talking about , wilders excluded cooperating with rutte 's vvd as well . 
  true . 
  i just get a bit miffed when it turns into a right vs left wing thing when it 's * everybody * that gets upset nowadays , and usually over assumptions and misconceptions . 
  and then there 's usually this inkling of awareness , maybe the things we are told and the ideas people hold dear might not be entirely correct ? 
  ah yes , `` fake news '' . 
  and it 's the * other * side that 's wrong of course . 
  pretty ironic for the guardian to claim this , given how the next post in the new queue is an article celebrating how the populist dominoes have been stopped . 
  how about this : most foreign media were wrong because they are more interested in their own narrative , the guardian is right about this , but they themselves are one of the biggest offenders when it comes to spin and forced narratives . 
  strange how the article claims to be from august 2016 , yet the comments are from 2015 . 
  jesus christ . . you know it 's bad when forbes is writing breitbart levels of conspiracy articles . 
  i could do without the cold war paranoia , thank you very much , i did n't enjoy it the last time around either . 
  that . . sounds uncomfortably close to court jester . 
  and he apparently was a slave as well . . 
  although that 's probably projecting a modern perspective onto the situation , that might not be very fair . 
  with one percent point difference that 's well within the margin of error , so it 's probably more correct to say that support for independence has stayed the same , a large minority . 
  what 's just as interesting to me though , is that just over half the scots do n't want any referendum at all , at least not right now . 
  ( well , according to this poll anyway ) . 
  unless there is a 100 % 1-on-1 correlation between not wanting a referendum and being against leaving the union , there is also a referendum fatigue setting in under independence * supporters * . 
  i think we 're transitioning to a period * without * superpowers , in fact that 's a situation we might already find ourselves in .
