  would i be correct in assuming that means '' [ als je begrijpt wat ik bedoel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_apw1cp4wdg ) '' is your favourite * dutch * cartoon ? 
  the best thing from the uk ?? 
  well in that case i think you might have misspelled [ clangers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ok6coiwcj-e ) or [ count duckula ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ok6coiwcj-e ), 
  did they pair this up with ulysses 31 ? 
  i recall watching this on satellite tv , might have been the dj kat show on sky back when they were still free-to-air . 
  but that 's just misstating what somewhat said because you * feel * he meant something else . 
  this kind of twisting and bending of words is exactly one of the reasons why modern journalism is in such a sorry state , there is a time and place to give an opinion like that , they 're called editorials . 
  but i guess every publication is a tabloid now . 
  that means the title is deliberately taking his words out of context though . 
  yes , that 's it !, 
  nice soundtrack , very danger-zone-like . 
  . . `` michael valiant always saves the day '' would you happen to know if there was a cartoon based on this comic ? 
  because something rings a bell . . 
  but only does so when it has `` protecting russian minorities '' as a casus belli , severly limiting its options . 
  `` expect more fake news from the west , top kremlin general say '' , source : pravda.ru with the 80s still being hip , i guess the cold war and cold war propaganda are back in style again as well . 
  just what the world needed . . 
  i think russia 's potential might be somewhat overblown , both by themselves and by foreign opponents , if i had to bet on who was going to rival the us this century i 'd probably place my money on china . 
  but then again , japan was supposed to be the next super power during the 80s , so who knows . 
  well of course the us is the largest threat if only because of its enormous military potential . 
  any super power would automatically qualify and the us is the only one of those left . 
  or at least the biggest of the great powers , anyway . 
  the title got me curious , so i checked wikipedia . 
  looks like [ staverden ] ( https://nl.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/staverden ) has basingerhorn beat in the smallest city department with only 30 residents . 
  on being the first to legalize gay marriage . 
  or when there was a complete overhaul of the traffic infrastructure to accommodate bicycles . 
  or when we de facto legalised marijuana long before other western nations . 
  or how we have had a trump-like figure not only in geert wilders but pim fortuyn , 20 years ago . 
  in fact , the netherlands has an international reputation of being progressive because of this attitude . 
  so yes , `` probably nothing '' . 
  can you hear that ? 
  that 's my eyes rolling . 
  since they 're rolling so freakin ' hard right now . 
  that ... seems awfully reasonable . 
  btw , this is a topic that tends to descend into a mudslinging contest and that 's not the direction it took at all , so thank you for that !, 
  the us continues to seem like a really poor example to me , with white , latino , black and asian communities all living inside of their own bubble and the white american group only existing because people gave up their cultural individuality and reduced it to wearing green on st. patrick 's day . 
  why would i assimilate into a foreign culture in my own land and why would multiculturalism as a euphemism for segregation be a desirable goal ? 
  besides , like i said , look at what happened to the native americans . 
  aka indians . 
  that 's what the european peoples are the equivalent of in this equation , not caucasian americans . 
  as for the last part , we mostly already live in that world . 
  why would a shared set of basic ethics like the golden rule mean that you should form one nation ? 
   i think that the history of ... the formation of the usa tells a different story i 'm pretty sure the native americans are going to disagree with you on that one . . now , will it get to that point ? 
  maybe , but that 'll take a looong time and forcing the issue only creates more resistance . 
  also , i kind of like the idea that a group of people like to do one thing , and another group disagrees and likes to do another , and it 's all ok . 
  if two people do n't see eye to eye , just do n't live in the same house . 
  wanting a one-world-one-size-fits-all solution actually seems pretty intolerant to me . 
  read the next bit . 
   his success is only relative to the now decimated conventional parties, 
  dutch politics as a whole just does n't seem to be that influenced by foreign trends , we tend to do our own thing . 
  and currently , that apparently means a complete and total fragmentation of the dutch political landscape , i 'd say that is a lot more interesting then wilders . 
  he does n't have * that * many seats in the polls anyway , his success is only relative to the now decimated conventional parties . 
  except for the vvd , they 're doing just fine . 
  given his immense `` popularity '' he probably should have come out in * support * of brexit if he truly was interested in stopping it from happening . 
  `` protesters '' . 
  of course they are . 
  this must be those * alternate facts * i keep hearing about . 
  seriously ? 
  i do n't think mass immigration is a hot idea either , but do you really consider every single muslim here to be some kind of manchurian candidate , at the ready with their curved swords to kill our children and rape our women ? 
  they 're not monsters you know , neither are those who who advocate open border . 
  now , like i said , i think it 's a bad idea , mostly because people are territorial and i do n't trust human nature enough to think that a truly multicultural society could possibly work , but you can agree or disagree with something without having to dehumanize your `` enemies '' . 
  his previous rise was after the christmas attacks/attempts so it was only natural support would slowly dwindle again . 
  i 'd go so far as to say that trump is n't much of a factor at all in that , actually . 
  yeah ... no . 
  probably . 
  i mean , maybe 2017 will be an ever wilder ride . 
  interesting times i guess . 
  probably no though . 
  that 's the question is n't it . 
  what is the eu . 
  never wanting to answer the question and being different things to different people led to this , although i still do n't believe that a sizable part of the population considers itself an eu citizen before being british , or as those as being equal . 
  what about those who see the eu as a trade federation that transformed into something else without their consent ? 
  and when did the progressive movement become a force that 's against rocking the boat ? 
  besides , the referendum was a bit silly anyway , like keeping things exactly the way they were and quitting the eu altogether were the only options . 
  oh well , that 's what all sides agreed to . 
  unfortunately , for all parties involved . 
  all this drama ... 
  kind of creepy , is n't it . 
  it 's like there is a new world war going on , but it 's a cold one , with the trenches being built inside of people 's hearts and minds instead of grass and dirt . 
  hell , i 'm probably part of it whether i like it or not . 
  it does n't seem like the thing people * consciously * would choose to be a part of , anyway . 
  name calling . 
  you know what ? 
  never mind . 
  this obviously is an emotional subject to people and i 'm not interested in shaking up the hornets nest even further . 
  getting close to 1/4 nowadays , making it even more spectacular . 
  i 'd make a snarky comment over ireland being a tax haven , but , you know . . people in glass houses/pot/kettle / black etc. 
  would n't that make it a strategic vote * and * a regular vote instead of * or * ? 
  but i guess we 're getting to the point where we 're debating semantics  . 
  i see your point . 
  how is that not a strategic vote though ? 
  i `` played '' a meta-game instead of looking at party programmes , would n't that be a text book example ? 
  how is it strategic to vote for a party that - does n't - want to cooperate with others ? 
  unless you consider that party important as an opposition voice , but not qualified in a leadership role , but i 'll try to refrain from going off on a tangent . 
  i cast a strategic vote for the pvda last time , not because i identify with the labour movement , but to keep the pvv out of the ruling coalition , not because i fundamentally disagree with the pvv , but to ensure that the new coalition would be a more stable one and not disintegrate within months , as dutch governments tend to do . 
  the economic crisis was still in full swing at the time and another large political crisis on top of that would n't be very productive . 
  so , please enlighten me , how did i not understand the dutch political system ? 
  because i think i can see where you 're going with this and i have to disagree , compromise is one thing and of course is an essential part of forming a coalition , but rolling over and playing dead like the pvda has done is quite the other . 
  still not regretting my vote though , the original rationale still holds in my book . 
  while the whole idea probably originated in my country , it 's become more or less obsolete because everybody owns a bicycle . 
  i guess you could rent a bike at a train station , but that 's not really in the spirit of the original `` white bicycle '' programme where they were free and public property .
