  americans do n't have to pay and put their lives on the line for the defense of countries that are becoming less strategically important and are n't even grateful for the help and europe gets to approach the us as equals instead of being subservient and is no longer forced to follow foreign policies it does n't even necessarily support . 
  seems like a win win to me . 
  there 's a difference between wanting to leave the eu and not wanting to integrate further into a federation . 
  as for the poll , it 's part of the * eurobarometer * 2015 , that 's one that 's held by the eu themselves . 
  the dutch [ level of support for federalization ] ( http://m.imgur.com/wg6mwyb?r ) is actually one of the lowest in all of the eu . 
  we might end up with an anti-wilders coalition , but it might very well be comprised of 4 or more parties . 
  hence the clusterfuck . 
  there 's also the dutch election , which is promising to be an amusing clusterfuck . 
  interestingly enough , this combined poll of polls paints an * entirely * different picture : [ link ] ( http://britainelects.com/ ), 
  - i - use it . 
  to story cookies . 
  it even is a so-called `` danish '' one . 
  because cookies is koekjes , a dutch loanword , biatches !, 
  and speculaas , but that goes without saying . 
  i did n't know we even - had - an alt-right . 
  the usual hard-right-wingers like wilders are actually pretty pro-jewish/israel . 
  well , there 's the neo-nazi crowd i guess . . 
  sure , they obviously have no intention to join anymore either and are just playing the same game . 
  is n't politics fun ? 
  well of course , if even they - did - want to thwart turkish membership , they would n't outright - say - that , that would be squandered leverage without gaining any benefit . 
  just keep on stalling . 
  well sure , she does n't stand a chance , but considering the extremist reputation she has with a lot of people and in the media , i would n't have expected almost half of the voters to still go for the fn . 
  that 's actually a lot closer than i thought it would be . 
  i 'd love to see this happen , but i 've seen this story over and over again and nothing substantial ever materializes . 
  so i 'll believe it when i see it i guess , it 's going to be a pretty hard sell considering the astronomical costs involved ( pun completely intended ) . 
   all those things are being consolidated by the current administration the trump administration doing something does n't mean his voters would generally agree , it just means trump flat out lied or that these things are no longer in his hands . 
  he had no political experience and no existing political apparatus to support him , this position could easily be hijacked by parts of the republican party that were on bad terms with establishment republicans and ones trump had to turn to for support , like the remnants of the tea party movement or other fringe elements . 
  my personal pet theory at the moment , as you can probably tell . 
  that , or he 's just an ass , i mean , that 's not entirely out of the question either . 
  i 'm a bandit , i play it fast and loose man . 
  speaking of stupid memes and autistic insider jokes : the game, 
  of course they try to influence our public opinion , the question is to what degree and how successful they are . 
  it 's not like we ( we being the west or just europe i guess ) or any other party for that matter does n't do the same thing . 
  they run a public opinion op , we run an anti-op by pushing these kind of articles . 
  we hack them , they hack us . 
  of course they and we do , that 's literally how the spying business works . 
  would you really say that trump and the brexit for example happened because of russian influence and not because of existing structural problems like demographic shifts , uncertainty about the future of the eu ever since the failed constitutional referendum or over overall shitty state of american politics with its super pacs , attack ads and awful first-past-the-post system that ties it to a duopoly ? 
  oh , that 's just * entirely * me though . 
  i have this extreme prejudice against political cartoons of - any - stripe , something about them just really rubs me the wrong way . 
  you can bring that message in a less derogatory way though , would it be ok or at at least a smart thing to call islam a disease for example ? 
  it 's about not stooping to that level , especially when you consider others extremist for doing the same thing . 
  it 's the top article on the bbc news website at the moment . 
  nobody cared about the actual summit of course , they just wanted to say a few unpleasant things about ivanka trump . 
  it 's about turkey , which a lot of people consider to be european . 
  turkey itself says it 's busy with an as of yet unnamed new campaign in the larger area , so i do n't really see the need to make the distinction , it 's obviously part of the same operation . 
  you should judge them , the_donald is part of the reason why he won . 
  but it 's not just this picture , look at how media outlets like the independent or the guardian have radicalized . 
  both `` sides '' suck , because the moment you let politics become part of your identity you shut the door to other arguments , because those arguments become on attack on yourself , not just on an idea . 
  i ca n't help but be extra miffed by the left though because a i actually agree with a lot of what they 're saying , i just do n't like the people and what they 're * doing * and b that 's a group that claims superiority over and over again in areas they 've shown themselves to be just as shitty in as everyone else . 
  but maybe that 's just progressives ( capital p ) vs progressives . 
  hmm . 
  well you might possibly put me in that right wing camp as well for all i know , i certainly think that mass immigration from the middle east has been a mistake , but i have to agree with you that some people are far too eager to conflate their dislike of islam with a dislike of individual muslims . 
  to the point that i 've seen people cheer on the deaths of migrants trying to cross the mediterranean . 
  i do n't think that 's the - true - face of this sub however , it 's that when something gets pushed into such extremes more moderate observers stay far away and wo n't touch the topic with a ten feet pole , leading to the * appearance * of such things not just going by uncontested , but even supported through silence . 
  but that 's just a problem with the way reddit itself functions . 
  i ca n't say i can really see where you are getting this characterization from , if anything this sub tends to veer more to the left wing/globalist side , not right wing/nationalist . 
  also , if that is the case then ukip collectively needs to get a hobby  . 
  / pol / might be a bunch of nazis , but the rest is still alright . 
  insofar that place has ever been `` alright '' to begin with of course . 
  why is ukip even around anymore , anyway ? 
  did n't they get what they wanted ? 
  independence ? 
  maybe you did n't , my apologies in that case . 
  fair enough , you have a well-reasoned opinion and make very good points . 
  which is a far cry from making a picture calling someone a disease , it 's that mindlessness and hypocrisy that i object to the most , because it 's being encouraged by people that promote being * above * all that , but when it comes down to it often are just as petty and tribalist as everyone else . 
  i 'm not the one upvoting a comic that calls someone a disease . . 
  oh i have a dislike for political cartoons in general , they all tend to be awful , it 's not just - this - one . 
  also , where 's the love for classical 4chan culture ? 
  it 's like people do n't even understand reddit 's roots anymore . 
  i bet you ca n't triforce either . 
  i 'm but one man , and i do n't think the french care enough about their failed integration process , that 's the problem . 
  but ignoring the underlying danger of a fractured society for maintaining superficial appearance is both dangerous and irresponsible , also towards french muslims who ironically are the first victims of this denial . 
  and like i said , she is a * symptom * . 
  i do n't necessarily see her as the best * solution * , but solely focusing on her instead of focussing on the * why * is just so frustratingly counterproductive . 
  that a fine illustration of what i was talking about , thank you . 
  no actual contents , only superficial insults . 
  oh it 's a lot more then just this cartoon , it 's the slow intellectual death of a movement i actually used to identify with , and it 's been going on for years now . 
  \\  gets attacked by multiple terrorist attacks , people are afraid to use the channel tunnel , banlieus are shitholes \\  `` le pen is the * real * problem !!! '', 
  \\  creates a picture that 's the equivalent of calling her a stupid poopie head \\  everybody furiously masturbates while upvoting \\  people start clapping while congratulating each other over how smart they are oh boy , the intellectual prowess of the progressive movement really is on display here . 
  look , i do n't want to be a one note debbie downer here , i equally dislike conservatives , it 's just that they are not the ones going full retard at the moment , people like le pen are reactionary and attacking her is just attacking a symptom without even being * interested * in the cause . 
  attacking the kurds just when they 're preparing to siege raqqa with us support , real smart . 
  i hope this does n't end with a ground-based incursion , that would make the conflict over there much , much worse and would be the best help isis could ask for . 
  that sure is one melodramatic title . 
  looking at the contents , the article is n't exactly a lot better either . 
  i had a much longer and detailed response , which i unfortunately lost by pressing the wrong button ... sigh . 
  anyway , he sponsors stuff like [ this ] ( http://www.epochtimes.de/politik/deutschland/so-erkennen-sie-eine-nazi-familie-blond-nett-unauffaellig-antideutscher-rassismus-in-apothekenblatt-a1937215.html ) and does things like springing the bank of england . 
  not very nice . 
  it 's the way he wants to demolish existing structures for his brave new world and the sneaky way of accomplishing this instead of everything being out in the open . 
  fair enough , that whole lpf thing sure did turn out messy without pim . 
  nope , not the ( ( juice ) ) . 
  i 'm afraid i wo n't change your mind in regards to conspiracies , but you might be familiar with a mr. soros . 
  he undoubtedly is n't the only one , but he 's a big player . 
  and here i thought abolishing passive and active voting rights was the most undemocratic thing one could do . 
  apparently , it 's disagreeing with an open air circlejerk-for-hire that 's the * real * threat , thank you for enlightening me . 
  well , not as many dead politicians this time around , but the difference is that there are other outlying parties like denk and fvd now and the traditional mainstream parties are no longer `` safe '' . 
  you do n't `` win '' dutch elections though , it would n't have mattered if his party was nr .1 . 
  and he still gained 5 seats , fvd gained 2 and labour completely collapsed . 
  with the current fragmentation of the dutch politifal landscape , i 'd say things are about as uncertain as they ever have been . 
   on top of that , we 're redoing the election if someone dies . 
  has that ever happened before ?
