  what everybody in the world must believe ! '', 
  no , not at all like that . 
  exactly the opposite . 
  caught one thing , but nothing in the last part . 
  which bit ? 
  i like this . 
  it 's a lot better , even if there still seems to be a bit of miscommunication . 
  well it 's a bit dishonest in that there 's no `` winning '' . 
  there 's no law or custom that grants that big a status to a party that happens to get the most votes . 
  i believe that there is a constant war of sorts , but that this war is n't necessarily a bad one . 
  now hear me out , please . 
  military ones kill , economic ones could lead to suffering , political ones can lead to discord , ideological ones ... can kill . 
  but we need those . 
  we need that strife to survive as a species , not by hurting each other but by sparring , by helping each other get better by competing with one another . 
  that does n't mean you ca n't help , that does n't mean you have to do something that . . transgresses certain boundaries . 
  that causes pain and suffering . 
  but we need that * freedom * . 
  that 's what i believe in , and making sure somebody else has something else they believe in , even if i disagree , is - part - of that freedom . 
  yeah , i know . 
  like i said , he knows what he 's doing . 
  still , that seems somewhat dishonest , even though i fully appreciate the tactical value . 
  i guess that by an election 's standard it 's extreeemely mild though . 
  hang on , just hold the phone there !, 
  i thought you were * communist * squadrons . 
  have i been bamboozled ? 
  but that 's making it all about wilders . 
  there is a reason why people like him exist and just focusing on him looks at symptoms , not underlying causes . 
  and if the eu is in fear of being dismantled just by the pvv getting 21 instead of 20 seats , maybe the problem is the eu in that case , and not him . 
  what good is an organization if it ca n't stand opposition ? 
  look , i 'm going to take a step back here . 
  the sad thing is that we probably even agree , more or less . 
  let me rephrase the entire thing , let 's see if we can come to an understanding : russia has a small economy when compared to the economy of europe as a whole . 
  however , even though this is the case , they have a presence in * certain areas * , in the case of ukraine very literally , where you would not expect them to have this influence , both because of their relative smaller economic size and because europe , which is bigger , ought to have filled up that power vacuum . 
  by inaction , russia seized these opportunities and this is a bad thing for europe . 
  is this something you 'd agree with ? 
  you do n't `` win '' dutch elections by being the biggest though , that 's not how it works . 
  whether or not he has a few seats more or less than the pm 's party is entirely inconsequential . 
  the pm should know better , and he does , he 's a pretty bright fellow . 
  . . because they are comparable in size . 
  the fact that you think this says something either positive * or * negative about either country is rather strange . 
  it 's kind of in the middle , not really big , not really small . 
  that 's not good or bad , it just is . 
  thinking that `` punching above your weight '' * might * be seen as a positive statement which continues to cause you to completely lose your marbles is even stranger . 
  again , it 's not good , or bad . 
  it is . 
  any kind of statement about any attribute of russia that does n't boil down to making sure i downplay the country makes me a russia spy , that 's just crazy . 
  as crazy as thinking that comparing russia on the one hand with a gdp of roughly the size of italy 's , with the eu on the other _ which includes all european countries plus italy _ is an attempt to make _ russia _ look bigger . 
  that just makes no goddamn sense whatsoever . 
  you just saw what you wanted to see and went with it , locked into this strange idea that the conspiracy is here and it 's real !, 
  not a tangent , you made several wrong assumptions to begin with , which continued to blind you and work like a red flag on a bull , and not ambiguous but really and i mean - really - easy to understand . 
  childishly simple . 
  i was being kind by assuming that it might be your english proficiency , but i guess you were too deep down the rabbit hole making up conspiracies and seeing socialist spectres . 
  i 'm arguing that russian influence is n't beneficial to us , you 're obviously not a fan either ... and yet somehow , this is a pro-russian conspiracy . 
  i 'd advise you to reread my comments and assume the exact total opposite of what you think it means . 
  for instance , when i say that russia has a gdp comparable to italy , that does n't mean that they have such an awesome economy , it means the exact opposite , they * only * have an economy that size . 
  which is really obvious . 
  _ really , really _ obvious . 
  quite frankly , it 's baffling to me how you could take what i say out of context in such a spectacular fashion , i can only assume that your command of the english language needs some improvement . 
  i 'm not saying russia * as a whole * is winning , i 'm sayin that right now , they have a bigger say in certain things that directly influence our wellfare and security than - we - have . 
  and they are winning in * those specific areas * . 
  so of course syria is important , it illustrates the difference in spheres of influence . 
  which was the entire point !, 
  well at least i got something out of you instead of random insults and vagueries . 
  improvement !, 
  obviously , - obviously - russia is n't a shadow of what it once was . 
  however , - given that - , it 's still remarkable that they are able to outplay us in the diplomatic game in areas like the middle east . 
  and you reply with refering to events from 60 years ago ? 
  and * you * speak of irrelevancies ? 
  and because you question someones morals and ethics , they - can not - , - may not - ever be described as winning ? 
  and * you * speak of propaganda ? 
  amusing . 
  btw , you still have n't presented a counter argument when it comes to russian diplomatic influence , `` i do n't have to ! '', 
  or `` but 60 years ago . . ! '', 
  hardly count , now do they . 
  also , punching above your weight is an expression . 
  in english . 
  we 're speaking english right now . 
  i honestly do n't think that should be hard to understand ... 
  my goal posts never shifted , you are just attacking a position i never took . 
  and still are n't providing any arguments except for vague general statements and insults . 
  quite frankly , i have no idea what your problem is here , you have n't even been able to properly articulate * that * , nevermind being cohererent in any other way shape or form . 
  the wisest thing i 've seen you do so far is using somebody * elses * words to seem intelligent instead of your * own * , maybe you should stick to that . 
  hey , i was wondering , germoneys , could you understand the dutch bit ? 
  at all ? 
  because i 'm somewhat puzzled by the audience 's reaction , surely they must have understood most of what he was saying ? 
  as a native german speaker he chose words that were very close to their german equivalent . 
   i ca n't find middle ground of discussion with some gullible propaganda fed child . 
  yes , entirely reasonable , no insults whatsoever . 
  as reasonable as denying the existence of a russian sphere of influence because it does n't sit well with you . 
  a russia that you consider to be both completely impotent and a great threat at the same time . 
  i even gave you an practical example , which you conveniently ignore of course . 
  you are attacking a strawman , i do n't excuse russia , i think it 's strange they 're over - and we 're underperforming in certain areas , given the size of its economy . 
  if that realization triggers you , i 'm sorry , but there 's no need for petty insults . 
  - edit - the example i gave was the russian diplomatic influence in the middle east vs the non-presence of europe , which is odd given the importance of the syrian conflict . 
  i do n't understand how you can claim to come from a place of intellectual superiority , i gave you a specific example , while you just hurl insults . 
  he certainly is punching far above his weight for a country with the gdp of italy . 
  look at middle eastern diplomacy for example , they just keep on winning and we 're not even playing anymore . 
  it 's bizarre that russia can have a bigger sphere of influence than one of the most affluent political blocs . 
  by reacting the way you described , you 're letting erdogan dictate your response out of fear of upsetting him . 
  if you let a dictator openly threaten and undermine your country without countering him , he will just keep on taking and taking and if you think economic measures are an adequate response you completely miss the nature of the game that is being played .
