  while i 'm sure infiltrators from terrorist groups will become a problem in the future , this was pretty obviously just a signal to stop filming . 
  so , is it just one tv channel that does this , or is it really greek media in general ? 
  because that would be so incredibly petty it becomes hilarious again . 
  in the land of the blind , the one-eyed man is king . 
  oh , right , that . 
  thanks !, 
  they always get about 2 or 3 seats ( out of 150 ) , thanks to the [ dutch bible belt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bible_belt_%28netherlands%29 ) . 
  in the movies they end up with the girl , in the real world , they end up dead . 
  i hope he has a backup plan ready . . 
  well that 's only a recent thing , because they 're in the ruling coalition with the conservative liberals ( capitalists ) and under very weak leadership . 
  they won 36 seats in the last election and are now polled to be at around 9 . 
  but who knows , the polls can swing - considerably - nowadays . 
  one of reasons that happened is that in the past , your family voted for a party , so you voted for that party . 
  now , it 's just a free-for-all . 
  sounds about right . 
  and that 's only because labour imploded . 
  the greens are also making a bit of a comeback btw . 
  also , the smaller parties can wind up being kingmakers , because no single party ever gains the absolute majority and ruling coalitions often consist of several parties , so they 're also important . 
  for the longest time there used to be 3 main parties : labour , christian democrats and conservative liberals , but this has fragmented in quite a spectacular fashion . 
  well , the sgp for example . 
  against universal suffrage because the bible says so ? 
  really ? 
  also , the animal rights party , not because i fundamentally disagree with them , but because marianne thieme is going full cato the elder and makes every single topic about ecology , even if it 's completely , - completely - unrelated . 
  ( cato is the roman guy that ended every single speech with `` carthage must be destroyed '' ), 
  it 's kind of hard to speak for the entire population , but according to polls the most popular party leader scores a 5/10 , the rest get about a 4 or a 3 . 
  the current political situation is a gigantic mess and has been so ever since the murder on pim fortuyn , a popular politician , in the early 2000s . 
  hell , the current administration does n't even have a majority in the `` first chamber '' ( house of lords / senate ) . 
  christian democrats , i may not be christian but they seem to be the only decent party left , the rest are either extremists , insane or traitors to their own causes . 
  meh , i kind of like the baltic sea , from an aesthetic point of view . 
  it makes the map look nicer . 
  could i perhaps interest you in a joint project with the uk to polder in doggerland instead ? 
  so basically , areas that are below sea level ? 
  if there was a zero meter rise in the water levels , would these areas still be marked red ? 
  can you read english ? 
  because they have a translation on them . 
  oh come on , do n't blame this on the father . 
  yes , this entire situation is being thrown around like cheap propaganda and stops people from focusing on the bigger picture and uses emotional blackmail instead , the so called `` human element '' , even though that ignores that the bigger picture includes lots and - lots - of individuals , regardless of their creed or nationality , but this man is somebody who lost his wife and a child , have some fucking respect . 
  if it turn out the choice will be clinton on the one hand ( bush-clinton-bush-clinton ) and trump on the other i think it 's pretty safe to say your entire political system has become completely and utterly fucked and is indeed an example , an example of what - not - to do . 
  but then again , maybe i should n't be too quick to judge , people who live in glass houses ... 
  it would attack the root cause of the current migration problems and stop isis which is a cancer we 're going to have to deal with sooner or later , so i can see the advantages , but who would we be supporting there ? 
  assad ? 
  not long ago , some countries were ready to go to war - against - him . 
  occupy those areas , stay out of the syrian civil war and give that land to the kurds ? 
  - that 'll - go over well with the neighbours . 
  so i do n't know ... 
  i 'd weakly support it i guess , because the alternatives seem worse , not because i like the plan . 
  a major opposition party actually proposed that idea over here a few days ago . 
  it did n't go over that well , because army = evil in a lot of people 's minds and it would mean that we actually had to - do - something instead of moaning and complaining , completely unacceptable of course . 
  2030 is wayyyy too close , so the answers to all of your questions are no and exactly the same . 
  reddit may be biased , but it has a liberal slant . 
  so i 'd guess it 's actually worse and the way this subreddit swung from far left to a much smaller far left/larger far right after it became a default is pretty telling . 
  also , the largest party in the polls over here is the nationalist party , so yeah , i honestly do n't see this ending well , especially with european wide sloth and incompetence when it comes to solving problems , any kind of problem whatsoever . 
  depends on how much popular support he has . 
  americans would be the first ones to start bitching about their own politicians . 
  it hardly seems fair to blame an entire country for a single idiot . 
  dutch has become - extremely - casual in the way u vs jij is being used , strangers and even parents used to be u , now basically everybody is jij except for old people or the police perhaps . 
  i guess it correlates with a decrease in social distance between people ? 
  ok , sigma means how certain they are , higher means extremely certain , lower means ... `` ehhh maybe '' , higgs boson is what interacts with the higgs field to give things mass ( ... kind of ? 
  ) , supersymmetry is this idea where particles have a symmetrical counterpart that would fill some gaps in our current understanding and there 's stuff happening outside of our 4 dimensions , but we do n't really understand wtf is going on and it would be nice if it was - possible - to know wtf was going on . 
  or you know , something like that . 
  nice !, 
  too bad it 's only at 2 sigma , but it would be really depressing if the higgs boson was the last thing we 'd ever find , supersymmetry was dead and the real truth was just inherently unknowable . 
  that fact that nobody , not even here , follows them on facebook is probably more telling than the typical venomous verbal diarrhea you read on the internet . 
  as to the future of the eu : if we just keep on sleepwalking from crisis to crisis we 're pretty much screwed , ca n't really blame public perception for that . 
  not as much as we like drowning things in mayonnaise and sateh ( peanut ) sauce and deep frying everything . 
  oh boy , do we ever !, 
  it 's one one of those standard things to put on bread , like cheese or chocolate sprinkles . 
  and with breakfast and lunch almost always consisting of sliced bread and not a whole lot more , a lot of people eat a lot of peanut butter . 
  i fucking - love - peanut butter , but then again , i 'm dutch so i 'm heavily biased . 
  well , the first number is about boat refugees , not all of them . 
  why just them ? 
  did n't they have all the numbers ? 
  is this ratio following a trend or is it constant ? 
  could be , but they just expect you to gloss that part over instead of explaining . 
  or the number of refugees on the total number of europeans , which not only assumes migrants are spread all around europe in a - completely - even fashion , but also includes the population of russia !, 
  furthermore , the article assumes that all social issues can be solved with money without going into - how - that could solve them , again , more handwaving . 
  those are just a few examples . 
  some of their numbers are the result of extreme cherrypicking with the express intent to slant the article a certain way . 
  i 'm all for looking at things in different ways , especially in ways i do n't even fully agree with , just to get a more complete picture of the truth , but this was a bit too much . 
  well , why do europeans have this need to tell americans what is good for them ? 
  that 's just human nature . 
  if anything , it 's flattering , because most of the time they just ignore europe , quite unlike the european approach which usually amounts to being obsessed with the u.s. to an unhealthy degree . 
  thanks for working on the problem and good luck !, 
  you 'll need it !, 
  i do n't mean that in a cheeky way , it 's just that i would n't want to be in the mods ' shoes , no matter what you do , people will complain . 
  especially in a subreddit that 's on edge as much as this one is . . 
  other subreddits address this problem by using filters , but the mods here refuse to introduce them , because they might inconvinience mobile users . 
  true enough , you 're right in that it warranted - some - kind of reporting on it . 
  but there 's a difference between a pkk terrorist being stopped in a place where , sorry for saying this , this kind of thing is more `` normal '' , and the train thing . 
  i mean , they ( the pkk ) just do these things more often . 
  the other event was more exceptional because it happened in a place that normally is considered safe and not only that , it was completely different in potential scope , that guy had enough bullets on him to literally kill off hundreds . 
  is this a joke ? 
  are you seriously faulting western media for focusing on events that happen in or relate to the west ? 
  it was pretty pro-eu/federalism , yes . 
  i mean , not - only - pro , but still with an obvious bias . 
  that makes sense , it used to be something people sought out , instead of something you 're automatically a part of based on your location . 
  after being defaulted , this sub went from being a unipolar echo chamber to a bipolar one . 
  pretty interesting to see actually . 
  do people actually - watch - this channel , or is this just someone 's pet project as an attempt at creating a european public sphere through shared media ? 
  i 've given it a try , once or twice , but i could n't get past the obnoxious `` high culture '' circle jerking .
