  they 're christian democrats and one of the traditional main parties . 
  - edit - well , looks like i 'm not the only one to notice . 
  nevermind then . 
  what did those poor social democrats ever do to erdogan ? 
  it certainly felt that way last night , just about every leader claimed victory in some form or another . 
  i guess they - all - benefited from the apparent death of labour . 
  that does n't mean wilders lost though , just that greenleft won even more . 
  but all in all , there still was a shift to the right . 
  yes , the main left-wing party almost completely collapsed . 
  perhaps not * that * important , but it does n't signify rejection either , like some ( mostly foreign ) media like to portray the outcome . 
  it seems that they 're projecting politics they know , like the american or france election , onto the dutch system . 
  [ `` eu should ` undermine national homogeneity ' says un migration chief '' - bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-18519395 ), 
  nope , they make up only a small fragment of the votes and apparently the turnout is way down overseas because they do n't feel represented . 
  the reason why things are still fluctuating even now is because voting is done on paper ballots instead of a computer , so counting all the votes can take some time . 
  but still , i expect we 'll probably get a final picture of what the results are going to look like today . 
  him not campaigning might have had an influence . . 
  i 'm not really sure what he was thinking there . 
  wilder 's party ended up coming in second place though , being the second biggest party in a country where they had to compete with 27 others hardly is a sound rejection . 
  especially considering he now has 5 seats more than last time . 
  things sure are n't looking as rosy for them as they did earlier last evening , but they still have a chance imho . 
  but you 're right , they might get swapped for a smaller christian party now . 
   do you believe if the netherlands was allowed to have a vote to leave the eu would it pass ? 
  no , people are n't that interested in completely leaving the eu over here ( but most do n't want to become part of a federal europe either ) . 
   is the government afraid to allow the people to have a vote on leaving the eu ? 
  referendums are now a thing in the netherlands , if you get enough signatures you can hold one . 
  nonbinding , but so was the brexit . 
  the interest just is n't there at the moment . 
   if the netherlands does decide to leave would that cause the eu to collapse , or return to its pre 1980 's format of being a group of nations forking for cooperation rather than a central government dictating policy as it currently stands . 
  i do n't think a lot would happen . 
  some in the eu would want a centralized europe yet others would push for decentralization , nobody would agree , so nothing would come out of it . 
  western european countries would n't leave because of economic damage , eastern eurosceptics woul n't leave because they would n't care that much about the netherlands anyway . 
  wilders has a chance when elections coincide with a major crisis , he thrives on big events and sizzles out after a while . 
  he could n't capitalize on this whole turkey thing because it benefited the sitting pm ( who handled it quite well i must add ) , but if there are a string of terror attacks like those of last summer he could gain a significant amount of seats . 
  especially if he actually campaigns instead of not showing up for any debates or tv programs . 
  defeated is too strong a word . 
  he gained 4 seats compared to last elections and is in third place ( 20 ) after the vvd ( 32 ) and cda ( 21 ) . 
  third is n't so bad when there are 12 others you have to compete with in the house of representatives . 
  it also means they 'll become the biggest opposition party . 
  - edit - second , perhaps . 
  it 's close . 
  they 're a likely candidate to become a member of the new ruling coalition though . 
  together with the moderate-conservative capitalists , who would be senior partners , christian democrats and progressive liberals . 
  perhaps . 
  that 's one , but the most likely possibility . 
  point is , no one party rules , so no one party can run things into the ground . 
  - edit - not looking quite as likely anymore !, 
  the last election i can find where a junior partner gained was the vvd in 1998 , +7 seats . 
  they usually lose about 7 to 8 though , 29 is unheard of . 
  well no , they did n't lose exactly 1/10th , roman style . 
  it sounds a lot more civilized than massacred though , 
  well like i said , he 's charismatic . 
  ca n't be charismatic if you 're * just * a copycat . 
  he certainly emulated north american progressive politicians by partially copying rhetoric and presentation . 
  this is n't really comparable to that situation . 
  i mean , sure , they 're both elections , but this is n't a neck-and-neck race and it 's also about the coalition you can form , the pvv could never have `` won '' even if they suddenly grew to be the biggest . 
  sorry , that was meant in a more playful manner , i did n't mean to offend . 
  it 's hardly a term of strong condemnation you know . . 
  the comparison has been made before and by several people , i 'm just repeating that . 
  [ here , an article by an american news source ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/2017/03/09/jesse-klaver-justin-trudeau_n_15264986.html ), 
  well first of all , you 're being a bit of a sourpuss . 
  second of all , he not only resembles him physically , but also in his politics . 
  if wilders has a `` trump '' effect , jesse klaver has a bit of a progressive effect going on . 
  the pvda has always been one of the major players in the netherlands , the greens were always on the smallish side . 
  they have had various successes in the past , but never one like this and now they are the biggest left wing party , all because of a charismatic new leader that resembles the canadian prime minister . 
  wilders still gained seats though , and rutte 's vvd still lost a quarter of their votes . 
  the biggest upset here imho is the decimation of the pvda ( labour ) and the rise of groenlinks ( greenleft ) . 
  the vvd is more on the conservative side and d66 is more and the progressive one . 
  they both describe themselves as liberals , are sister parties in a way and are both members of the alliance of liberals and democrats for europe ( alde ) . 
  well , they claim to . 
  according to wikipedia ( and everybody knows it 's always right ) :  classical liberalism is a political ideology and a branch of liberalism which advocates civil liberties and political freedom with representative democracy under the rule of law , and emphasizes economic freedoms found in economic liberalism which is also called free market capitalism that more or less describes them . 
  labour ( pvda ) joined a coalition with the classical liberals . 
  seeing as they ( vvd ) are fiscal conservatives , and the . . `` dominant '' partner in the relationship , this led to the government privatizing healthcare for example , something that was n't popular - at all - with some people . 
  also , their old leader . . kind of vanished from the public stage and ended up `` spending more time with his family '' , the new leader just is n't that charismatic and even ended up being somewhat mocked by the media . 
  going from 38 to 9 seats . . ouch . 
  well at least it 's not one that 's been filled in already . 
  maybe they gave it back after taking a picture ? 
  do you have an example of one ? 
  maybe they asked nicely at a polling station ? 
  they 're not bound to a person or anything and i 'm sure they 'll be able to spare one . 
  is it rude of me to quote a deleted comment ? 
  please say so , i 'll remove this one as well if you want . 
   the eu organization makes laws . 
  just as countries do . 
  the goal of the eu is to become like the united states . 
  the eu is not just an organization like a business company or a local school board . 
  it makes laws for souvereign countries and has more power than it 's individual members , but has an unelected president . 
  so it 's very strange people think in europe there is a real democracy fair enough . 
  i kind of agree . 
   another example is belgium . 
  a certain party got the most votes ( vlaams blok ) , but there was a ` cordon sanitaire ' , so the other parties ignored the majority vote . 
  not that i disagree with the ` cordon sanitaire ' , but to think that we have a real democracy in europe is false according me . 
  vlaams blok has almost the same policial values as trump and geert wilders . 
  but - most - people * did n't * vote for the vlaams blok or pvv . 
  should their voices be ignored ? 
  being the biggest hardly means anything when you 're dealing with coalition politics . 
   to make good decisions you have to be very smart . 
  people with average or low iq are not made to make big decisions for millions of people . 
  just as a high iq , but low physics person does n't go to the olympics . 
  if you do n't like how the eu works , that 's what 's wrong with it in the first place . 
  people going for a meritocracy , but without realizing that means you 're stuck in your own social circle .
