  my inner redneck cares not for your words of wisdom !, 
  i demand instant gratification and explosions , not silly things like responsibility and trigger discipline . 
  just ... no . 
  a hug would only be ok in special , very emotional circumstances or with close relatives , but that 's really the full extent i 'm willing to go with that . 
  i held a gun once . 
  does that count ? 
  i can totally see the appeal though , if i lived in the u.s. 
  i would down a few cheap beers and start shooting cans , channel my inner redneck . 
  ... not even if we wore those comfy red caps ? 
  and asked - real - nicely . 
  you know , pretty please with a cherry on top . 
  when trump orders you guys to leave , do we get to keep the nukes ? 
  pretty please ? 
  the uk is hardly the only atlanticist country in europe politically speaking also , how would the eu become hispanophone when the general population and pop and high culture mostly speak english , at least as an auxiliary language ? 
  also , actually meaningful further integration would require treaty changes to transform the overall construction from an ad-hoc bottom-up approach to a more streamlined top-down one , why would national politicians be willing to go along with that and give up even more influence and sovereignty , especially since the last attempt failed in a quite public manner ? 
  god , i sound like a pretentious twat . 
  excuse me , i 've been drinking . 
  1 looks more majestic , nr . 
  2 looks comfy ... a hard choice , but i 'll go for the second one . 
  looks like central europe is more of a 50/50 split between vw and skoda according to that map . 
  depending on your definition of central europe of course . 
  probably nitpicking , but as a side note i 'd say that in order to put things in a proper context , i 'd characterize the netherlands more as socially libertarian then socially liberal , the difference being that libertarian is more of a live and let live approach and american style liberalism is more prescriptive . 
  they usually do n't tour the country , most of them just go to amsterdam and stay there . 
  the few americans i 've met that ventured out were n't at all like the * ugly american * stereotype though , mostly nice and humble people . 
  nope , those do n't to through my home town , there 's a normal rail connection though and i do n't own a car but i usually just borrow one instead of going by train , more conveniant and cheaper as well . 
  not a fan , not one at all , personally speaking , but it would depend on wether or not this is supported by a majority of the population in each member state . 
  i do n't really see this happening , not ever , let alone in five years , but since we 're talking hypotheticals , * if * this was the case i guess i 'd bitch about it relentlessly but go with the flow . 
  and instead of remaining ignorant he asked a question to learn more , which is quite commendable . 
  is n't that what this sub is for ? 
  no , i do n't think so , but it - is - the tallest tower , as far as i can tell . 
  i was just posting that because of your maastoren remark . 
  there 's the [ euromast ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/euromast ) tower at 185m . 
  also in rotterdam . 
  francine underwood and the angry snake oil salesman both scare me for different reasons . 
  as to fixing the problem , stop voting democrat or republican , you can blame the system or the media or whatever scapegoat you like , but ultimately , it 's the people who go along with all of this . 
  you 'd think the classical liberal small government , pro-business party would be in favor of new business opportunities and staying out personal affairs and choices . 
  but i guess that would make too much sense . 
  calm down there gandhi . 
  regular ketchup or bbq sauce , cheddar and pickles . 
  i love pickles . 
  it 's moderately popular , in the more rural parts of the country at least . 
  my mom used to do line dancing . 
  and while i 'm not the - biggest - fan and country pop sucks , i do like me some country and western and bluegrass when i 'm playing euro truck sim 2 . 
  landing people on the moon . 
  also , turning questions that should be about europe into questions about the u.s. 
  i 'm sorry if i 'm a bit snarky but i ca n't sleep . 
  nah , not really , i think all the panic surrounding him is kind of silly . 
  besides , he 's an isolationist and i 'd rather have a loudmouthed buffoon then a calculating criminal from a political dynasty like a bush or a clinton , those tend to do more international damage . 
  maybe that was common vs official usage and with the whole counterculture thing things got more casual . 
  centralized if you * have to * , decentralized if you * can * . 
  well socialist as in against capitalism , he probably opposed secular socialism as well . 
  but the world trade center as a target was hardly a coincidence and he certainly seemed to be - influenced - by the ideology , looking at the arguments he was using . 
  but it 's been a while since i read the transcripts . 
  understandable ? 
  sure , but most motivations can be understood , even if you profoundly disagree . 
  it 's not hard to see socialist anti-imperialistic rhetoric in bin laden 's messages to the west , but while i agree that there are several western parties that think they 're a lot more clever than they actually are , my problem is that this completely removes any and all agency from me actors which is kind of condescending , actually . 
  stereotype or real life ? 
  because you make comments about your it job , like people would think you 'd - actually - herd cattle . . no , noone would think that , and the american stereotype would still be cowboys . 
  i 'm dutch for example , you hopefully do n't - actually - think people wear wooden shoes and live in windmills in between the tulip fields , yet noone would question that that is the dutch stereotype . 
  * u kunt * is the polite version of * you can * in dutch . 
  somewhat-theistic nonreligious here : * do you believe in one or more god ( s ) ? 
  * i believe there might be something else out there that operates on a completely different level than we do , `` god '' both anthropomorphizes this and makes it sound supernatural , that 's not something i believe in . 
  * are you a member of a religious society ? 
  * do you ever say a prayer , meditate , etc ? 
  * i usually do n't , that would either be useless if there was nothing there to listen or be obnoxious self centred spam if there was . 
  * what is your general perception of religion ? 
  * it has its good and bad sides , humans are social beings and they need a sense of belonging , religion can provide that . 
  they also do a lot of charity , give people a reason to better themselves . 
  and also provide you with reasons to bash each others brains in while spouting absolute nonsense . 
  - edit - and since i 'm now apparently a `` stupid fucking americanised cunt '' and do n't `` realise how fucking stupid '' i sound , i 've changed centered to centred . 
  very , very important , please forgive the blatant error of my ways . 
  how could i have been so careless ? 
  i could do without angry pm 's though . 
  the outside world has an influence on the u.s. though , something you have seen on 9/11 or in wwii . 
  also , american prosperity is at least partially based on a really strong dollar which is being boosted by other countries , that 's the price of falling under the blanket of pax americana . 
  a bit of a double-edged sword though , creating both peace and instability by mucking about in other countries and with the rest of the world getting to a point where they can ( / should ) take care of themselves and with the economic center of the world slowly shifting towards asia , a reduction of america 's role seems inevitable , but there are a couple or issues though . 
  the u.s. pulling out creates a power vacuum with potentially disastrous results , so with the u.s. receding , there should be a - controlled - taking over of responsibilities and second of all , the u.s. would lose agency and more importantly , power . 
  institutes voluntarily letting go of that kind of power ? 
  there 's no way the u.s. will withdraw from nato , despite the huge difference in military expenditure of its members the united states is still the main benefactor of the alliance . 
  pulling out would - significantly - hurt its worldwide strategic interests . 
  i always considered the gmo ban a rather thinly veiled attempt at protectionism , we 've been screwing with the genes of plants for millenia , just a bit more directly now . 
  i went on a two week trip from la to san fransisco with a detour to lake tahoe and yosemite national park along the way . 
  perhaps it 's because of the constant exposure , but the us was pretty much exactly what i expected it to be , with all its pros and cons . 
  the only thing that threw me off was the sky , this will sound stupid but i did n't realize the milky way was visible to the naked eye . . 
   here in the u.s we are completely misinformed and would just like some unbiased views and your venue of choice for this informed and unbiased view is * reddit * of all places ??? 
  well anyway , to give my own uninformed two cents : eastern ( central ? 
  not really sure where those two begin and end nowadays ) europe usually welcomes us military presence and with only two airplanes this seems more like a symbolic move than anything substantial . 
  well the most recent one would be libya . 
  france will bombard them ! . . 
  aaaaaand they do n't have the material and command structure . 
  america , please help !, 
  we hate your army and consider ourselves morally superior for it , but please bombard our enemies !, 
  not that the us is without blame here with clinton 's involvement , mind you . 
  it 's really a shame that europe is n't capable or willing to properly defend itself . 
  i 'm not a fan of having a strong * foreign * military presence in european countries , but people moaning about it while still hiding behind america 's skirt when things get rough annoy me even more . 
  the hague ? 
  it 's true that the government is seated there which in most other countries would make it the capital , but the netherlands only has one national capital and that 's amsterdam . 
  not a lot of confusion there , the constitution is pretty clear about that . 
  he was either pulling your leg or trying ( and failing ) to be a smartass . 
  i tried watching it a couple of times , if only as a curiosity .
