  fair enough , i do n't have any respect for protesters either . 
  live and let live i guess . 
  oh , you mean i sound like i 'm protesting ? 
  ironic . 
  well it 's all part of the bigger problem of how artificial the protest industry is . 
  at least i give my opinion in an appropriate forum instead of going out in public and harassing the general public with my fringe views while pretending to be the vox populi . 
  that 's not what i meant though , it 's just that these kind of protests can give a very warped view of what the public opinion is . 
  it 's the real world equivalent of fake twitter accounts that push a certain view to pretend that 's what the mainstream thinks . 
   nice attempt to strawman plenty of unrelated isssues into one , though . 
  i believe the correct term is `` intersectional '' , just take a look at progressive and feminist publications . 
  and that makes sense , if you protest for one cause closely aligned with progressive ideology , would n't that make it far more likely for someone to also partake in another ? 
  so which one is it , amsterdam or haarlem ? 
  i wo n't trivialize his death , it 's a tragedy , just like all the other people why died trying to cross the mediterranean , men , women , children , elderly , refugees or economic migrants . 
  i - do - however object to manipulating a tragic death like this to promote a political agenda . 
  i also remember that photo was staged and his father was the captain of the ship that went under and they were n't refugees but already lived in turkey for a considerable time . 
  how awful to use a dead child in that manner . 
  but most articles that use children in that fashion tend to be propaganda . 
  why not attract immigrants from asia or south-america ? 
  it 's not like we need all that unskilled labour anyway , looking at automatization trends . 
  that part makes sense actually , it 's the united state * s * , plural , the eu operates in a similar way . 
  the crazy thing about us politics is their first past the post system . 
  two wrongs do not make a right though . 
  also , cnn is shite . 
  i wonder if the expat vote will be a notable factor in the results . 
   but the joy with which you speak about the murder and loss of human life of those who want to depose a violent mass murdering despot speaks volumes . 
  what joy though ? 
  and would someone who enjoys murder say that a military path is a dead end ? 
  look , i do n't have a horse in this race , so i have the luxury of viewing this with more of an emotional detachment . 
  the way i see it is this : group a and group b are fighting . 
  group b will always win , eventually , because of superior numbers and equipment . 
  so group a can keep on fighting and a lot of people lose their lives , or they capitulate/go for a nonmilitary solution and less people lose their lives . 
  the outcome is always the same , why go for the non-optimal route ? 
  how much blood is futile honor and justice worth ? 
  i 'm not cheering on deaths , quite the opposite actually . 
  but i 'm curious , the saa fuckup , where they were planning to launch an assault on deir ez-zur from palmyra but is overran them and got a hold of all their equipment , are you saying that was actually a planned weapons exchange ? 
  not trying to use this as an attack on your point of view , i 'm just really curious what your opinion on that would be . 
  the saa was fighting is east of al bab , the tiger forces only pulled back after the rebel attacks north of hama , which is also what triggered the bombings . 
  and what about palmyra ? 
  look , i 'm not trying to be an assad apologist here , in my perfect world i 'd be emperor of earth and just give the whole thing to the kurds , if only to piss off turkey , but that 's not gon na happen . 
  and i do n't see the fsa succeeding either , not without outside help at least . 
  perhaps there is a diplomatic path , but starting new assaults is n't helping , that military path is a dead end . 
  how is assad worse then saddam hussein and aq were ? 
  and are n't the fsa just making things worse by prolonging a conflict they ca n't possibly win ? 
  after losing aleppo they have an area around idlib and that 's about it , except for some desert . 
  with is dwindling more syrian troops become available on other fronts , they have overwhelming air superiority . . 
  i mean , you can see where this is headed . 
  i did n't say they were allies , i said they were the other players in syria . 
  i 'm not coming up with those names out of thin air , that 's what they are . 
  are you suggesting isis does n't exist but is assad propaganda ? 
  or are you denying the rebel / ( ex ) al queda link ? 
  i mean , that 's not really a conspiracy thing , even the us stopped supporting the rebels because of their influence after they sidelined the liberal elements . 
  btw , removing a dictator without having a plan to replace them worked out * so * well in iraq and libya . 
  no `` right sides '' in that conflict , only bad and worse ( except for the kurds , perhaps ) . 
  would he prefer ex-al-qaeda/al-sham rebels or is over assad ? 
  while i agree with his distaste for destructive nihilism , i do n't agree with the suggestion that it 's * just * the left and social justice crowd that have this problem . 
  take the war on terror , if you read the statements by the project for the new american century , a think tank closely aligned with the bush ii administration , they speak of there not being any objective truth or reality ( paraphrasing a bit ) , but that - they - create reality by acting . 
  which explains the iraq thing for example . 
  another fairly obvious example is human-driven climate change denial . 
  [ simpsons is always relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsvqlhghlpw ), 
  superpower used to mean more than that though , what you 're describing is a * great * power . 
  i guess the age of superpowers is nearing an end and we 're in the awkward phase where we do n't know which labels to use anymore . 
  well . . yeah . 
  i guess i gave you my glass half full speech . 
  my glass half empty speech is that while islam might not be the prime reason , it certainly functions like a multiplier . 
  just like the me , tribal politics are often the true reason , but their interpretation of their faith is n't exactly helping . 
  i do n't think that 's the only factor though , while i do n't have the same aversion to nationalism/patriotism that this sub in general tends to have , turkey is an example of what happens when you take that waaaay too far . 
  islam seems to primarely be a part of erdogans political agenda , not the other way around . 
  creepy . 
  this article that is , not the thing it 's talking about . 
  according to the [ nos ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2167881-aantal-euthanasiegevallen-stijgt-tot-ruim-6000.html ) the original source for the numbers is a yearly report by the regionale toetsingscommissies euthanasie ( rte ) . 
  `` with european roots reaching back to the mid-19th century , turkey clearly sees its future in europe '' i 'd laugh if the situation was n't so tragic . 
  i 'd say turkey , or at least the turkish state , made it pretty clear these past few weeks what it really thinks of europe . 
  to quote [ another reddit thread about this topic  ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/235w3l/why_are_the_european_dark_ages_considered_a/ ) `` the story about how the muslims were the only ones who ` saved ' the greco-roman texts and rescued western intellectualism is , for the most part , overplayed . 
  again , it is conveniently forgotten that it was the byzantines who originally provided the muslims with the texts - most notably , when caliph al-mamun , in exchange for a ceasefire , requested that the byzantine emperor theophilos provide copies of the greatest ancient greek and roman/byzantine literary , philosophical , mathematical , and scientific texts . 
  it was throughout the long centuries between the fall of the west and the sack of constantinople that the byzantines preserved over a million volumes of the works of antiquity and otherwise at the pandidakterion and great library of constantinople until the latter was destroyed in 1204 during the events of the fourth crusade . 
  afterwards , due to the establishment of extensive byzantine trade networks across the mediterranean in late antiquity and the early middle ages , the italian maritime states ( in many cases , byzantine colonies which gained independence ) gained control of many of these works . 
  so , essentially , the italians already had access to the works of antiquity , before the ` reintroduction ' of the arabic versions in the mid 1200s by the toledo school and others . 
  the claim to fame of the muslims is that it was their studies of these ancient works that revolutionized mathematics and scientific thought in western europe in the late middle ages , this may be why they get the credit for ` preserving the works of antiquity ' , but that does n't negate the fact that the statement that ` they were the only ones who saved intellectualism from the clutches of the european dark ages ' is incorrect . 
  overall , the term ` dark ages ' generalizes and poorly reflects the events of the middle ages in europe . 
  it neglects the achievements of byzantium , as well as those of the western europeans , and unfairly treats these people as if they were degenerates . 
  just by using the term ` dark ages ' to describe any extensive period of the middle ages in europe , one is promoting ignorance of the era , which negates over a thousand years of development by some very intelligent and inspired people and promotes an archaic and biased viewpoint that has been recently superseded by more extensive , sophisticated , and open-minded scholarship . 
  in the end , the ` dark ages ' were n't really that dark . '', 
  i 'm talking recently . 
  but you know what , that 's an awful race to the bottom and i do n't especially like making excuses for neo-nazis either . 
  yep , blm shooting cops during protests , firebomb attack on local republican hq , i 'd say the left kind of outweighs the right in that department or is at least an equally nutty level . 
  and that 's just the violence , let 's ignore the social shanigans by the media and tech companies for a moment because that 's another can of worms . 
  i 'd do that more for the sake of just finding something new to watch that does n't necessarily go for the same cliches i 'm used to . 
  the us seems to be a source of radicalization at the moment , on both sides of the political spectrum and i hope they can get this nonsense out of their system , because it rubs off on europe as well . 
  having said that , i do n't see why i should boycott american things that have nothing to do with all of this . 
  fairly funny when i first saw it but now it just seems quaint and dated . 
  i prefer euro trip . 
  sexbierrum, 
  kind of , it depends on wether or not it `` just '' needs technology or a critical mass of users , a facebook variant would n't gain international traction because of the small initial built-in user base , being stuck in a dutch speaking bubble , a tesla clone could though . 
   it seems obvious that acting on gender or age is not possible i somewhat disagree with this point , with economic migrants mostly being young uneducated males ( not just the visible part ) and actual refugees being more mixed , an effective policy directly based on the idea that this kind of mismatch is undesirable would be to discourage this kind migration , both with sticks ( border security ) and with carrots ( improving the stability and prosperity in europe 's surrounding areas ) . 
  although i guess you could call that acting socially . 
  yeah , definitely , when people cite rape statistics for example they usually point out that muslims are extremely overrepresented , but when you break those numbers down it 's young male economic migrants like algerians who are really , really super-rapey , not syrian refugees escaping war with their family . 
  it used to be more common , northern europe can mean anything above the alps , regions bordering the north sea and above or nordic in its most strict sense . 
  also , one region does not exclude the other , although the netherlands as a * central * european country is a new one to me , i 'd go for northwest myself . 
  i honestly think most people would just go on living their lives . 
  but then again , they 'd do the same in any kind of state , democratic or totalitarian , king , president or grand poobah , as long as the new system only has a monopoly over the upper ` casts ' and leaves the common folk alone .
