  at least he tried , 4/10 and a gold star for participating . 
  ... well , it 's - kind - of creative . 
  i 'm not a fan of postmodern relativism . 
  especially when everybody claims to be high and mighty and paragons of virtue and when confronted with proof of the opposite of what they believe suddenly shift gears and claim that everyone who is n't pragmatic is an extremist . 
  yeah , you 're probably right that `` kill '' is just as emotionally manipulative as destroy is . 
  but that 's also a side-effect of our odd moral standards , killing has a negative stigma because we 're being taught that that act is always a bad thing . 
  if i deliberately step on a duckling to end its life i 'm a monster . 
  end their lives by the thousands and the reaction is a collective shrug however . 
  i really hate how the word `` destroyed '' is being used in this context . 
  they were living beings , i 'm not a vegetarian or anything and animals die every day for a plethora of reasons , but the least we could do is man up and accept that yes , we * kill * animals . 
  not this clinically detached `` destroy '' , kill . 
  we killed 'em ded . 
  prominent figures are honouring a guy who rounded gays up in camps and used firing squads to deal with political opponents . 
  kind of telling , is n't it , how screwed up the west is right now . 
  not quite sure , but i do n't think whoever filmed this was even - that - close , the explosion was just that big . 
  it 's hard getting a sense of scale but those small shiny things are cars i think . . that other video with the guy who was on the street and fled into a house was probably closer . 
  i 'm really curious how the ruling dutch parties are going to spin this , especially with the upcoming elections . 
  apparently the pm got a red light from brussels on the amending the treaty because of the referendum thing . 
  my home town : / i still ca n't believe only 22 people died in [ the explosion ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gs7wtt8cwbo ) , it 's a good thing most people were scrambling to get out of their homes that day because of the heat . 
  you could cycle right up to the area hit and see all the carnage which looked like a fucking war zone , the ceiling partially collapsed on my dad when he was inside of a store , what a mess . 
  at least the new neighborhood looks nice . 
  hmm , good point . 
  i guess i 'm just not used to seeing those cities as individual urban entities instead of forming a massive blob when using higher level abstractions . 
  the [ randstad ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/randstad ) metro area has about 7 million inhabitants , kind of strange that eurostat lumps all of metropolitan paris together yet has its own very . . * unique * interpretation of the western netherlands . 
  flag 's the wrong way around to be belgian though . 
  also , it would n't make a lot of sense to have a dutch and belgian flag on there , but not the german one , especially since all their other dictionaries follow that format . 
  she 's an extremist of the `` literally every single person is racist and sexist '' variety , together with a couple of other loons she started a pro-erdogan party and they 've been getting more and more radicalized the more they are rejected by the general population . 
  i do n't condone the contents of the video mentioned in the article , but as the expression goes : play stupid games , win stupid prizes . 
  would n't it be more beneficial and ruffle less feathers to claim to follow article 50 and ignore the deadline anyway ? 
  better to ask for forgiveness then to ask for permission and all that . 
  just play along , at least for a bit , because i ca n't see countries like germany making an exception ( in their eyes ) . 
  sure , but when you annul an agreement unilaterally the other side tends to be kind of pissed off . 
  and if they are major trading partners , that 's a bit of a problem , thinking overseas trade can offset lost trade with continental countries seems . . overoptimistic . 
  of course , foreign meddling is bad , but that 's not just russia doing that , there are other players like soros and murdoch out there . 
  now , why focus on russia ? 
  the eu has a bit of a structural problem , so they can redirect public attention to either an internal or external threat . 
  muslims as an internal threat would be counterproductive due to the social issues that would cause , so the obvious choice here is russia . 
  honestly , this makes so much strategic sense , i do n't even blame them . 
  combined with anti-russian rethoric and narratives like `` fake news '' , this might buy them time but this is n't a long term solution , expect a strong push towards federalisation before summer . 
  because if they do n't , the eu is toast anyway , at least an eu with an ambitious scope . 
  too many structural failures in the current design . 
  he gave a pretty good speech at his trial , definately on my shortlist for the upcoming elections . 
  given the size and differences between the states of the us i agree with the electoral vote , pure democracy has this problem where a small majority can screw over a large minority just because they feel like it , but the real problem to me is the first past the post system you already mentioned , probably more then the electoral college . 
  preaching to the choir here , but i agree , it only serves to keep the two parties in power and if both hilldawg and the god-emperor did n't get 50 % on a national level they 'd be forced to create coalitions so you 'd take the extreme edges off , european style . 
  i know this is supposed to work internally with the different factions inside the two parties during pre-elections but that certainly failed miserably this time around . 
  that 's not a `` democratic deficiency '' though , that 's the system working exactly as intended . 
  is was * specifically * designed to operate in a way that protects individual states to prevent a few population centers from dominating the rest of the country . 
  works for me, 
  perhaps i 'd like them more if , when not tasting burgerish , they at least came in a tuna or spinach variety . 
  i - want - to like the concept :(, 
  i do n't think it sounds bad , but other people might . 
  i was just disappointed it did n't taste more burger-like . 
  maybe i should go all the way , put shawarma on it and deep fry the thing afterwards . 
  these things do n't taste as good as they sound . 
  or , if you think the idea sounds absolutely horrendous , they taste just as good as they sound . 
  new ? 
  seriously ? 
  looks like the wsj has n't been paying attention to dutch politics over these past 15 years . 
  [ pim fortuyn on the eu ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-vt4sh39re ) , a famous dutch politican who was assasinated by a leftwing extremist in 2002 . 
  the other guy doing the interview was murdered as well btw , by a jihadist . 
  it 's a form of blowing off steam , but it 's blowing off steam * by standing in the wind * . 
  that part is n't meant figuratively but very literally . 
  i guess the wind slightly tugging your hair has the same soothing effect as somebody washing it for example . 
  `` blowing out '' ) : to stand or stroll in the wind , preferably when it 's storming and you 're on the coast , to calm down , clear your mind and relax . 
  i 've checked the numbers for my country , the equivalent of our house of commons gets a 3.5 , the eu a 3.6 , the civil service a 4.1 and the press a 3.1 . 
  i knew it was bad , but i did n't know it was - that - bad . 
  it might be a case of leading questions , but other data i find is n't much better either . 
  democracy as a whole gets much better numbers though , no revolution just yet . 
  not a single country gives it a passing grade and the ep is the most trusted out of all the core european institutions . . 
  i do n't like the shady or downright evil shit russia does , but i kind of have to agree with them on this one . 
  are n't european countries demanding the same thing ? 
  with the drastic expansion of presidential powers that are being proposed according to this article , the longer additional terms almost seem like the least of turkey 's worries . 
  is this `` resetting the clock '' interpretation also something that 's being pushed by team erdo themselves ? 
  [ live stream here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7zfdxtp1pg ), 
  there 's a difference between spending stupid amounts of money to lubricate the gears of the military-industrial complex and spending enough to have a sustainable military presence . 
  defense is a crucial task of governments and saying that 's not something you should invest in because there are other expenditures is like saying we should n't try to send people to mars because there 's hunger in [ insert impoverished nation here ] . 
  you ca n't spend a euro twice , but you can do both . 
  a big problem there though is that i 'm not from eastern / central europe . 
  so , being very selfish here , - my - direct concern would be that if there * were * something to happen and the us would n't have our backs . . well , these are strange times and we 'd be caught with our pants down . 
  i do n't think that 's a situation one of the most affluent regions on earth should be in , that 's just crazy . 
  having a bias does n't mean not airing other views at all , like i said , they 're not breitbarts or daily mails or whatever . 
  but they do represent the mindset of a small urban elite which culturally - heavily - favors democrats and they are a reflection of that . 
  although in cnn 's defense , they 're probably even more about airing vapid infotainment then agenda pushing . 
  as the `` leader of the free world '' , yes , the us most definitely strongly influences and helps shape european policy , because they have force projection and we do n't . 
  how do you think this * superpower * gig works ? 
  no , i do n't think that . 
  in fact i more or less agree with all you wrote . 
  it 's not breitbart levels of biased , but msnbc and cnn are quite heavily in the democratic camp , just like fox is the main republican outlet . 
  that probably should n't come as a shocking revelation to anyone . 
  ah yes , euronews , owned by an egyptian billionaire and now by a heavily politically slanted nbc . 
  i wonder how people would react if euronews was in the hands of a russian banker and fox news instead , probably all up in arms denouncing a foreign influence on european affairs . 
  but that 's completely different of course . 
  you act like the victim while trying to extinguish pluralism . 
  you are not a victim , but the perpetrator and the ones who have convinced you of all of this practice extreme social authoritarianism in name of progressive liberalism , corporatism in the name of `` pragmatic '' leftism and segregation in name of multiculturalism . 
  long live our glorious open society . 
  i 'm very much a `` them '' so i hope you 'll excuse me for not going along with your rhetoric . 
  quite frankly , people like you are the reason i hope my country leaves the eu and joins forces with the uk and perhaps the nordic countries instead . 
  i mean , look at yourself . 
  * we 're in charge ! * . 
  let 's not forget that the eu is not a country so your average is mostly meaningless .
