  you , on the other hand should have a different one . 
  and you should be more subtle about it , because if you think posting the truth and telling it loudly is going to help you , i 'm sorry , but nobody cares about the truth . 
  not really , they give it lip services , but in the end , it changes nothing . 
  be smarter , nobody cares about whether or not russia lies , make it about your audience for example . 
  but you know , that 's just my two cents . 
  i 'm sorry for ruffling some feathers here and i 'll refrain from posting any further . 
  well ok , to be more helpful instead of deconstructing , i 'll give you some constructive advice . 
  posting propaganda ( again , a description of a method , does n't have to be one of contents or morals ) the way this topic and the ones before it were is counter-productive . 
  look at the total score right now , zero points . 
  as a tool , it would be more effective here to be more low key ( or `` subversive '' if you 'd like to spin it that way ) , keep your indignation , worry and anger at injustice closer to your heart and use it in a smarter way . 
  your name for example does n't help either . 
  i do n't think i 've ever been accused of fancying russians before . 
  look , i 'm not trying to create some sort of false moral equivalence , i was just commenting on * method * here , not * contents * . 
  now i can see that since this is directly related to you and your personal circumstances , so it 's a lot more emotionally loaded for you , but please understand that since i have no horse in this race i just approach this as a neutral outsider , or at least try to . 
  right , like you said , it 's about framing a narrative . 
  several posts , all made in short succession of each other , all about russia . 
  hence my claim of propaganda . 
  this is not a condemnation of that , just an observation . 
  it - is - propaganda when there already are several posts made right after each other that are all anti-russian , made by pro-ukranian posters . 
  like i said , propaganda does n't mean * lies * . 
  everybody does it , the west certainly - loves - its propaganda while excusing it the same way you do . 
  * `` it 's not propaganda , it 's our truth '' * . 
  i just thought it was ironic , that 's all . 
  `` russia is evil because they spread pro-russian propaganda ! '', 
  says article posted in effort to spread anti-russian propaganda . 
  i 'm not saying that the ruskies are the `` good guys '' or that this article is factually incorrect , but you can see the irony here , right ? 
  better late than never . 
  look , you can see where this is going . 
  i 'm not particularly interested in seeing wwiii happen in my lifetime and besides , the muslim population in europe will be just as dead as well , nobody wins . 
  so we 'd - better - not give up , there 's too much at stake here . 
  not letting muslim immigrants in by the millions would be a start . 
  ah yes tony blair , the great unifier . 
  british or non-british european , left or right wing , everybody hates him . 
  as they should of course , what a nasty and morally bankrupt person , without a shred of integrity . 
  i hope so , having a majority of young muslim men in several countries is probably going to end in the type of catastrophe unseen since wwii because the reaction to this will be pretty predictable . 
  now of course , this may sound as alarmist neo-nazi drivel , something you have been told from , well , basically from birth is wrong , so i 'm going to appeal to logic here . 
  look up how many immigrants enter countries like germany and sweden . 
  look up how many of those are young men ( and young women and children , but mostly men ) . 
  look up how many young men there are right now in countries like germany and sweden . 
  if the current stream of immigrants continues at the same level it does now , the indigenous population and especially the younger ones that are actually still going to have children , has been reduced to minority status within 5 years , 10 years tops . 
  and that 's without taking things like family reunion and higher birthrates into account . 
  it also assumes that after that point is reached , there will no longer be - any - migration to europe , which seems unlikely . 
  of course i might be wrong . 
  i really , really , really , really hope i 'm completely wrong and am just being a delusional conspiracy theorist . 
  but ... could somebody please point out the error in those numbers ? 
  a critical fault in my train of thought ? 
  oh i did n't know that . 
  so , how do they cook in sweden ? 
  electric ? 
  i do n't see myself as having to prove this , because the conflict of interests is blatantly self evident , especially with a subject as politically loaded as the brexit , that 's not quite on the same level as butter . 
  look , i 'm just starting to restate the same thing using different terms and while i can certainly see your point of view , i hope you can see mine . 
  agree to disagree ? 
  have you ever seen an article about a party with a heavily vested interest commissioning one of these and with the results being the opposite of what they expected ? 
  with the cbi paying for it , there 's already the taint of bias ( he who pays decides ) so i 'd say the burden of proof is the other way around . 
  do you honestly believe that if ukip for example commissioned this report , the results would have been the same ? 
  i do n't dismiss this because it does n't fit my worldview , - all - of these kind of things are bought `` facts '' that say whatever who paid for them wants them to say . 
  when searching for `` cbi eu funding '' in google i 'm coming across all kinds of lovely articles stating things like `` the confederation of british industry ( cbi ) , which is campaigning on behalf of bosses for britain to remain in the european union , has taken $ 1,154 , 651 ( # 830,000 ) from the eu 's executive body since 2007 . 
  that includes an annual block grant of around $ 185,000 since 2009 '' . 
  the people paying for these kind of reports tend to pay for biased results . 
  eu funded organisation says britain should remain in eu , news at 11 . 
  sounds like a gas leak . 
  sad . 
  do n't want to be gay ? 
  even - if - that is a choice and not something you happen to be born like , that 's your own choice , not somebody else 's . 
  leave other people alone if they 're just chilling and doing their own thing . 
  in a way , they expected it to * succeed * , not fail , because even when it failed it would have to be - forced - to succeed by all actors because of all the invested interests . 
  well , on a more postive note , at least the narritive has gone from `` everybody who is against mass immigration is a neonazi and a russian shill '' to `` everybody who disagrees with me must be ignorant and should be educated '' . 
  a small improvement , but an improvement nonetheless . 
  how is that title misleading ? 
  the dutch media reported the same thing , thousands of people that were registered as volunteers refused to help in immigration centers , just as the headline says . 
  that was a while ago though , so it 's not incredibly current information but as far as i know , the information is n't false or misleading or anything . 
  eet smakelijk / `` eat tastily '' in dutch . 
  pronounced as `` ate smah-kuh-leck '' , not `` eat smekelidge '' . 
  this seems only tangebly related to european affairs and is more about domestic american politcs . 
  all i got from this hit piece is that an american businessman did business in russia . 
  big deal . 
  also , * current year !, 
  right , but that 's an argument for pan-european co-operation . 
  i 'm in favor of that . 
  i 'd even be in favor of a `` united states of europe '' . 
  but i have two major problems with the eu : 1 . 
  the entire implementation ( and its leaders ) , the way things work completely topsy-turvy , no border and military / overcontrolling laws and regulation on a far more micro level and have you ever read quotes by leaders like juncker ? 
  look it up , it 's scary .2 . 
  they sneak a federation in in a backhanded and undemocratic way , even though the public does n't support this and obviously push an agenda , every crisis we end up with , time after time , is ended with the conclusion that the eu has to expand . 
  given that background , i do n't see how i could have a lot of faith in the euro . 
  it 's going to be the national currency of an entity that seems about as stable as austria-hungary , the holy roman empire or post-tito yugoslavia . 
  i 'm a bit worried the euro is a political move first and an economic one second , something that also pops into the back of my head when i read the last 2 paragraphs and i 've also seen well thought out arguments - against - by people a lot more acquainted with economics than i am , but you gave me a lot to think about . 
  i guess we 'll find out how theory measures up to practice . 
  also , thanks for the time and effort you put into your replies !, 
  ok , that sounds more than reasonable . 
  problem is though , i 'd say the proof is in the pudding and the eurozone did considerably worse than the rest of the world did the past few years . 
  now , this may be an anomaly or the result of ecb policy that 's not - directly - related to the euro . 
  i might be wrong here . 
  hell , i - hope - i 'm wrong , because that would be the best possible outcome but i 'm not really seeing the benefits kicking in . 
  to all the dutchies here : remember to go out and vote !, 
  against or perhaps in favor , does n't matter , just make sure your newly acquired democratic right is n't just a one-time experiment . 
  that 's one factor , not going to disagree with you on that one , but is n't another problem with the euro that different countries are on a differenct cycle and/or have a completely different kind of economy ? 
  a lower euro would help german exports , but it might have the opposite for other countries for example . 
  having a single trade zone was supposed to harmonize the different national economies , but so far , as far as i can tell at least , this has n't happened . 
  yes , america helped us .
