  merry christmas , happy hanukah and a super solstice !, 
  1 ) given the pan-european mess and hot potato playing i was n't aware there even _ was _ an eu migration policy to change 2 ) `` we must not regard all refugees as being the same '' that 's funny , does juncker just regard all migrants to be the same thing , refugees ? 
  hey , you . 
  other person who commented here . 
  you 're shadowbanned . 
  now * other * other person . 
  * other , other * , other person . 
  would n't it be more likely that this attack is exactly as it appears ? 
  that man seemed quite upset about aleppo and both turkey and russia benefit from spinning it this way , russia wants less focus on aleppo as a pr move , turkey wants to blame the g\u00fclen movement . 
  they 'll probably have a thorough investigation to find out the exact details , but why waste a good opportunity , right ? 
  right , i do n't mean a literal reading per se , but it 's still an interpretation of a canon text . 
  all of it . 
  but they do n't skip parts like most christians tend to do . 
  speaking in generalities of course . 
  to be fair , this was an hp author writing that statement on his twitter account , not the huffington post themselves . 
  i 'd like to think even * they * would n't stoop to that level . 
  islam by definition is fundamentalist though , because it assumes that a muslim follows all of their holy scripture , unlike christians for example who mostly pick and choose . 
  that does n't need to mean - extremist - of course , that 's another thing . 
  total pacifists for example , fundamentalist but not extremist . 
  isis claims responsibility for every attack though . 
  it 's hardly the time for snarky remarks like that . 
  yeah , but like a * really * big one , to end the current string of quakes . 
  an 8.5 + near the japanese coast , or california , something along those lines . 
  oh boy , here we go again . 
  godspeed , all you people out there . 
  i 'm a bit ashamed to admit that i only need a major earthquake now to happen before the year is over to win a bet . 
  zwarte piet has various origins , he used to be a shadowy demonic helper of odin ( see : austria 's [ krampus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/krampus ) ) which got combined with the look of [ morish yawners ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gaper ) , busts on pharmacies . 
  that 's also the root origin of american blackface if i had to guess . 
  because of the racial connection , the backstory has been retconned so they now look the way they do because of dirty chimneys , which to people who are familiar with anglo style blackface sounds really dodgy , but you have to keep in mind that until recently ( thanks internet ) , dutch people by and large did n't know about blackface minstrel shows and americans did n't know about zwarte piet . 
  hence all the commotion . 
  yeah , that 's more or less the gist of it . 
  twents is obviously the superior plat . 
  with your `` onmundig '' . 
  it 's `` onmeunig '' , darn it !, 
   the european council , acting by * unanimity * on a proposal by one third of the member states or by the commission and after obtaining the consent of the european parliament , may determine the existence of a serious and persistent breach by a member state ... 
  does n't that mean that 100 % support is still required , just at a different stage ? 
  ... you 're just doing that on purpose , are n't you . 
  * something , something , ignorant swiss . 
  the russians are coming , the russians are coming !, 
  beware the red menace , hide your kids , hide your wife !, 
  not a fan of the church as an institute , but this pope guy genuinely seems to actually care . 
  good on him . 
  what could possibly go wrong , right ? 
  i guess some things never change . . also , it 's quite interesting that the articles that mention russian hacking of the dnc fail to mention that the information there was real and not `` fake news '' and that obama himself confirmed that wikileaks did - not - get their info from them . 
  or mention the massive american espionage program where they even tapped merkel 's phone , or how the democratic party 's main sponsor is notorious for interfering with foreign internal politics . 
  kind of makes you wonder what the `` fake news '' is , does n't it . 
  it 's somewhere halfway , after the part where they 're talking about anti-semitism under people with an islamic background and the causes of their radicalisation , which leads into them commenting on muslims not being accepted by europeans by having an oldfashioned view on nation states and that europe should use the us as an example of a succesful multicultural state . 
  i do n't really understand how on the one hand they believe ethnic nationalism is wrong and outdated , but on the other hand fully support a jewish homeland . 
  which is a form of ethnic nationalism . 
  `` on the privoz market in simferopol at least * five people * with ukrainian passports were arrested during the police raid today '' * mass * arrests ? 
  1,100 applications in last six months , not exactly massive numbers . 
  but you always start with the right side up . 
  then you flip it around , it still does n't fit , then you put it back the other way again and it works . 
  they totally jumped the shark this time , all these major `` events '' completely ruined the pacing of the show . 
  and that donald runs for president arc ? 
  like anyone would actually believe that !, 
  i 'm absolutely against mass migration , but if you - are - going to let all these people in , at least provide a safe way . . a bit too late now i guess , but it would be nice to keep this in mind when the next crisis of this nature occurs . 
  well just look at other reactions in this very topic for example , the polish fm * explicitly * says that the point of the whole exercise is eu membership and even that is n't enough to convince people this is about eu membership . 
  interesting . 
  most agreement proponents during and after the referendum were saying that all of this had nothing to do with eventual eu membership and that even thinking along those lines was an extreme overreaction , yet according to this article :  `` for us it is hard to accept . 
  if it were not to lead to membership at some point in the future , then why bother with all that ? '', 
  a polish article mentioning a r/im14andthisisdeep / tier picture does not equal `` poland outraged '' . 
  i remember germany / the eu being against italian state aid for banks , at least in the way the italians themselves wanted . . let me see . 
  [ ah , yes . 
  here 's an article ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-06-29/germany-said-to-oppose-shielding-investors-in-italian-bank-plan ) what changed this time ? 
  did italy get extra leeway or are they planning to force investors to take their losses ? 
  hush now , of course these kind of maps can be wildly inaccurate , but we 're beating finland !, 
  as a gentleman/woman remarked above : 91 %  66 % . 
  winning * !!!, 
  wait a minute , `` still leading in polls , despite leader 's criminal guilt '' ? 
  there has n't * been * another poll since the verdict was announced !, 
  he does n't need to get 76 seats ( 50 % + ) , he just needs to get enough to prevent others from forming a coalition . 
  as things stand right now , without him they 'd need a coalition of at least 5 parties , if he goes up in the polls it 's going to be even worse . 
  i really wish the press would stop pushing editorials as factual news . 
   ethnicity which is unrelated to both their culture and their behaviour it kind of is by definition though : [ ethnicity ] ( http://www.dictionary.com/browse/ethnicity ) an ethnic group ; a social group that shares a common and distinctive culture , religion , language , or the like, 
  as much as i despise chairman jucker and the notion that in 20 years , nation-states will be a thing of the past is laughable , i do agree with him on the urgent need for two-speed europe . 
  the current system is n't working , it 's obvious some member states want a much deeper integration and feel they are being held back from doing so , and it 's equally obvious others want nothing of the sort and indeed would prefer the opposite . 
  it 's like forcing an unhappy couple to stay together , everybody loses . 
  i 'm ok with this . 
  can we invite denmark or norway as well , form our own little north sea alliance ? 
  yes . 
  but to quote my other post : biased judges are inventing brand new interpretations of the law that do n't follow past rulings just to condemn someone they disagree with politically . 
  large judicial innovations should n't be based on the political motivations of individual judges but on laws passed by a democratically elected parliament . 
   generally speaking , if countries within the eu are all viewing themselves as the same as each other , but the uk views itself as different . . 
  i agree with the sentiment that if you do n't share enough with other countries you should n't join a federation together , but what makes you think the uk is unique in this respect ? 
  just going by this map and assuming it 's completely accurate it seems like its views on individualism are shared by northwestern europe for example , us dutchies are just as dark blue as you are . 
  they did n't though , that 's kind of the point . 
  biased judges are inventing brand new interpretations of the law that do n't follow past rulings just to condemn someone they disagree with politically . 
  judicial innovations should n't be based on the political motivations of individual judges but on laws passed by a democratically elected parliament . 
  this trial was a bit of a farce , with judges that already publicly condemned him before being assigned to the case and a bizarre reinterpretation of the word race just to sentence him with ... nothing ? 
  they try to handle this in such a sleazy manner , thinking that this way it wo n't help him gain extra support . 
  nope , illegal so they have to go back , you will still have individuals , but you wo n't have an entire class of population . 
  you - have - to pair this with supporting education in the countries they came from though and the west has to stop `` nation building '' to destabilize entire regions , causing them to come here in the first place . 
  also , this obviously should n't apply to hospitals and perhaps elementary school for the youngest . 
  also , when you 're registered and waiting for the government to decide wether or not you get to stay and it 's literally been years and years , the system has failed you so those guys deserve amnesty . 
  i was kind of on the fence , but this more or less decided who will have my vote this coming election . 
  thanks i guess ? 
  putting the pressure on greece for not accepting certain [ austerity measures ] ( https://www.yahoo.com/news/greece-rejects-lenders-calls-extend-austerity-past-2018-154321975.html ) ? 
  he probably meant the socially far left , not the economically far left . 
  i guess the current predominant way of describing politics on just one axis is severely lacking and only promotes black/white thinking .
