  like i said , nato . 
  the problem here is that the eu creates the - illusion - of cooperation , while hindering countries from actually getting anything done , i 'd argue that the current instabilities are a direct result of a power vacuum in our direct sphere of influence created by an incompetent eu that 's like an anti-synergy , the whole is less than the sum of its parts . 
  what even worse is that the so called `` pillars '' of the eu , the very core of the project , like no borders and the euro are the direct cause of all of this , that should be quite telling . 
  also , nice ad hominem at the end . 
  that 's an argument in favor of a trade agreement like efta , not the eu . 
  also , as a finance grad , could you explain to me why the euro has been such a resounding success , * bro * ? 
  i do n't know , stopping the ussr from conquering europe seems like a pretty neat accomplishment . 
  unlike the eu which has only caused instability both politically and economically . 
  and also , when push came to shove , was unable to protect europe from anything , limping from crisis to crisis instead . 
  but i guess i forgot about iceland though , very , very important country . 
  absolutely crucial . 
  but would n't that be because of nato and not the eu ? 
  are you suggesting that there - would - have been a new war if it was n't for the european union/community ? 
  [ correlation does not equal causiation something something . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsvqlhghlpw ), 
  yes , there should . 
  unfortunately , that 's not the way it works with the current administration . 
  according to polls 53 % of the population wants a referendum , so i 'd say that , with the past few years of politics in the back of my mind , the chance would be about zero percent . 
  give or take . 
  i wonder if a ) this 'll be a repeat of the eu `` constitution '' vote and b ) if there 'll be enough votes to pass the 30 % mark , do most people even know there will - be - a referendum ? 
  not for long , i 'm afraid that if he continues to pose a threat the great god-emperor will be jfk ` ed by left-wing extremists , egged on by the media and other interests . 
  looking good !, 
  is there a reason why one of the tags is on the right and the others on the left ? 
  also , the numbers added in front of topics reduce the amount of available horizontal space , which already is diminished by that bar on the left . 
  the bar on top might need a little texture as well , like it has right now in the current design . 
  well , that 's about it , really . 
  like i said , looking good . 
  anyway , i may not always agree with the mods , but i 'd like to thank you for the time and effort you put into this place . 
  from larger weed farmers , or from people that grow at home . 
  not really sure about the details though , you 'd think that the police could track whoever supplies the coffee shops . 
  i ca n't imagine that being a large enough group of people to take into account when making general statements , there 's no need to go down that route to bypass legal issues ( like in the us ) when it 's available over the counter , so that only leaves you with actual patients . 
  nope . 
  smoking it and selling it is illegal but tolerated , the police only actively goes after growers . 
  giving 6 billion makes it easier to allocate other funds to their arms project . 
  it 's one thing to plan something , it 's another thing to have the money to finance it . 
  and you know what ? 
  that 's just turkey being smart . 
  i do n't blame them , i blame eu leaders for making a bad deal that 's the result of the eu not having our collective shit together . 
  i 'm pretty sure the eu is planning to give turkey 6 billion and that this program will be paid for by turkey , which now is going to have an extra 6 billion . 
  how you can argue that those two are n't related is beyond me . 
  6 billion to make them able to dismiss nato btw , as an extra insult to injury , which - directly - undermines european security . 
  old infograph , we 're at 17 now , 
  6 billion . 
  nice number . 
  so ... we 're sponsoring their weapons industry for the privilege of accepting all the immigrants turkey wants to send over ( paid for by us of course ) , gloss over human rights abuses and give them eu membership . 
  are our collective leaders - that - mind-blazingly stupid or are there other games being played here ? 
  because this does n't add up . 
  at all . 
  marijuana is n't legal in the netherlands , nor was this crime related to it . 
  you know , you have a point there and i was going to add it to the original post until i decided it would be ... uninteresting to read ; i actually wondered after typing if i should n't replace it with `` the netherlands '' instead , but i decided against it because i realised there was a reason i subconsciously decided to go with `` holland '' , it has a lot more * oompf * at the beginning of sentence than `` the netherlands '' does . 
  kind of like america vs the united states . 
  it 's kind of funny , because i live in a part of the country that 's very much - not - holland ( tukkerterror ( nobody will get this ) ) . 
  holland nr 1 . baby !, 
  long live shady tax deals !, 
  we do n't know the specifics , so i 'm curious what the final deal will be ( if there is one ) . 
  but if this is the final result , i 'd say i agree with you , that deal would be one that 's obviously made out of desperation ; if anything , it * encourages * turkey to allow even more immigrants to make their way to greece and for that privilege , they get 6 billion and potential eu membership in return . 
  at no point did anyone there really get the point , these popular `` uprisings '' are n't necessarily a xenophobic nativist phenomenom , this is a distrust of - them - , the lady at the bbc , the pundit from yale , a paternalistic elite that drags people against their will into whatever scenario they came up with as their grand new plan . 
  ( i 'm going to include the media here with `` them '' because of their highly biased attacks like this programme here , which they do seemingly either out of a misguided zealotry or by doing what whoever pays them tells them to do . ), 
  the populace is childish , they do n't understand , they 're just scared of what must be done , etc etc. 
  and - they - decide what must be done of course , past results be damned because it is * their * role to play , * their * choice . 
  the population * needs * them , they do n't know any better . 
  so somebody is against outsourcing industry to third world countries where goods are made with child labour under poor conditions and ultimately only benefits a select few ? 
  maybe somebody does n't feel like supporting planned mass migration because of the economic and social impact and hightened tensions between ethnic groups it creates . 
  well i guess the plebeians are just too ignorant , stupid and racist to understand the bigger plan . 
  time for some more fear mongering and propaganda . 
  that kind of behaviour is a blatant breach of the social contract the general population has with its ruling class and they should be happy this time it 's happening with votes instead of guillotines . 
  i think you might be replying to the wrong person here ... 
  not really , i 'm also a long-time subscriber and while he might be exaggerating and it has changed now , there was a time when certain mods would crack down pretty harshly on anything anti-immigration or critical of islam , because they considered it to be brigading and trolling . 
   every country is unique so surely every country gets some form of special treatment ? 
  that 's just it . 
  the problem is that the uk can have exceptions , but others ( especially smaller countries ) are all supposed to follow the same rules . 
  ( yes i know it 's not just britain and it depends on the specifics , but generally speaking ) i do n't blame the uk for this though , nothing wrong with trying to score the best deals for britain ( and the one-size-fits-all approach seems to be failing europe ) , it 's the eu that 's at fault here for allowing the dichotomy to exist in the first place . 
  that 's another way to spin this . 
  according to an article posted yesterday , the pianist was playing an avant garde piece where the same few notes were played over and over again . 
  now i actually `` got '' the music , creating a different soundscape by shifting the phase between the two melodies etc etc , but i can see why the audience was pissed off and it was n't his language or origin . 
  same thing over here , i 'm not the world 's biggest fan of that and i 'm kind of worried that it 's being used as an excuse to circumvent animal welfare laws . 
  is there any actual proof that this is happening ? 
  it would be pretty shocking if it where true of course , but the lack of concrete examples makes me think this might very well just be alarmism and if there 's one thing europe does n't need right now it 's even more drama , things are bad enough as it is . 
  it would make sense for the french to make these kind of remarks to uk leaders in a more private manner , doing it openly only creates more fodder for the brexit camp , it 's significantly harder to spin this in a pro-eu way than it is the other way . 
  i do n't understand the strategy here . 
  the french openly threatening to send their migrants over ? 
  i 'm sure that 'll go ever splendidly in the uk and there 's no possible way this could backfire whatsoever . 
  i actually agree with the basic assumption here that automatisation could potentially have such a large effect that we have to reconsider our economic systems , but to suggest that this is going to happen anytime soon seems pretty ridiculous . 
  i 'm sure people were afraid of manual labour becoming obsolete when the first cars rolled off the assembly line as well . 
  `` i have no plan b '' was a literal translation because that phrase is also a thing in german , so i 'm afraid this is n't a matter of wrongly translating an idiom or expression . 
  but is n't that what this is about ? 
  selection bias in the original report ? 
  statistically , most of these kind of attacks - are - of the categories i pointed out ( not just islamic ) , that has nothing to do with selection bias , that 's the overall number . 
  these people were victims of their own hatred as well . 
  i 'd rather have seen hitler realize the error of his ways , surrender and go to jail for the rest of his life , i realize that 's not very realistic , i know that killing might be the only option and i 'd actually support that , but i do n't - want - them dead . 
  it means everything has failed , everything went wrong and the entire situation is fucked and that 's just sad . 
  a tragedy for all involved . 
  yet the actual terror plots and assassinations tend to be far left , islamic or seperatist . 
  i do n't really see how this report matches up with reality . 
  i 'm kind of torn here . 
  torn between utter indifference , thinking they - absolutely - got what they deserved in a `` live by the sword , die by the sword '' kind of way and . . well , almost a sympathy of sorts . 
  i do n't know if that 's the right word . . empathy perhaps ? 
  i do n't want to see people dead , in a way , these people are a victim as well ; a victim of the ideology they create and support , a victim of their own hatred and stupidity , but a victim nonetheless . 
  thanks, 
  what 's the point of posting this exactly ?
