  as for the uk thing , everybody is going to have a different take on the subject , but i 'm going to have a little rant here anyway : the eu has been undemocratically grabbing more and more power over the last decades , transforming from an economic union to a political one and all over europe the population is getting more and more upset with the brexit just being one part of this , on the other hand , i suppose one could argue that without unification the eu would be lost in a world with new rising powers and unable to shape its own future so the eu could be interpreted as a necessary evil . 
  also note that , as you can probably tell , i 'm heavily biased against the eu so for a better , more complete view you should probably listen to what eu proponents have to say as well . 
  as appalling as that was , that was n't a matter of official policy but an overzealous mayor . 
  he got reeled in and the police apologized for the incident . 
  there have n't been any further reports of things like this happening . 
  it 's called a `` mixed economy '' , a system the us has as well . 
   seen in western media and reddit well that 's the problem right there . 
  those two statements do n't necessarily contradict each other . 
   governmental healthcare system , public owned infrastructure , public education the netherlands has a health care system that 's roughly the same the us has with obamacare , a lot of infrastructure and utilities have been privatized since the 90s and public education exists next to private schools , just like in every other western country in the world . 
  your conclusion seems to be based on somewhat dubious facts . . 
  imho anyone who describes the netherlands as socialist would be wrong , in fact , it 's one of the more capitalist minded countries in europe . 
  see our health care system for example . 
  but aside from that , given the distinct lack of planned economies , there is n't a single european country that that label could be applied to . 
  european countries do n't have socialist economies , the euro is n't very strong at the moment and gdp growth has been lagging somewhat due to lingering effects of the economic crisis . 
  so i 'd say both you - and - your parent are a bit off , 
   it gives a constant vibe of wheel reinvention yes , that really is the biggest problem with these devices , not even the app gap , but the constant incompatible reboots , ms really dropped the ball when it came to os development for a long time , well , when it came to managing them at least , the os - itself - is fine . 
  typical microsoft , they are their own worst enemy . 
  lumias were great phones actually . 
  i understand why noone bought them , but the hardware and os themselves were awesome . 
  well , sure . 
  everybody does to a certain degree and i do n't actually mind when sources are open and upfront about it , but would n't it actually - harm - any agenda they might have to be seen as clickbaity instead of trustworthy ? 
  i mean , what 's next , top 10 lists ? 
  half the population voting for someone is a rather odd way of `` rejecting '' . 
  i really do n't understand why the bbc editorializes as much as they do , because it keeps undermining their credibility . 
  as far as i can tell , the role of president seems to be mostly ceremonial in austria . 
  will this election have an actual impact on laws and policies or is it mostly symbolic ? 
  ( although with that first sentence , i might have already answered my own question . . ), 
  the netherlands usually provides air and naval support to nato missions , this article is about ground troops and material , so specialization is one of the underlying `` problems '' here , not necessarily the lack of willingness to contribute to a military defense of our interests . 
  i agree with your overall point though , europeans profit from us protection yet denounce the country for being militaristic . 
  seems a bit hypocritical . 
  i do n't quite understand how you could be ok with a government whose status is ... somewhat controversial at times having such an influence on both culture and free trade like that . 
  how about making media that people want to see instead of forcing the issue . 
  also , why on earth would the eu have this kind of authority in the first place ? 
  regulating what culture i consume by a foreign entity in brussels is really , really disturbing . 
  pretty sure we 're the best at speed skating . 
  team sports only ? 
  i 'd like the british to show that european cooperation does n't have to mean submission to brussels and berlin . 
  land ? 
  it probably fell into the mediterranean in several pieces . . 
  `` two years ago , dagmara said she suffered from racist taunts on website ask.fm . '', 
  `` police said they are investigating the circumstances surrounding her death but added it is not being treated as suspicious . '', 
  in other words , it 's a shitty clickbait article . 
  seems like he wrote it for roughly the same reason i quoted it then . 
  i have n't read it before and to be honest , it seems deliberately offensive for the sake of being offensive , juvenile and not perticulary insightful , but here goes : * sackdoof , feige und verklemmt , ist erdogan der pr\u00e4sident . 
  well of course the eurovision results have little to do with the quality of the songs and everything with politics . 
  i mean really now , what exactly did they expect ? 
  this should hardly have come as a surprise to them . . 
  ah yes , the typical bs results i 've come to expect and love from eurovision . 
  it 's nice to know that the time honored tradition of buying votes is still alive and kicking , 
  probably malta or portugal , they look like they came straight out of a treasure chest . 
  but what if it 's customary for people in a country to sing pop songs in english ? 
  but you 'd have to get an opposition going that 's spread over multiple countries and you wont be able to change the contents , just outright reject it , which is more extreme and will get less support . 
  because by the time people realize what 's happened , you 'd have to repeal a treaty that has already been ratified by dozens of countries , there 's almost no way to achieve enough momentum to do that . 
  but it 's already too late to do anything to change or stop a treaty when your at that point . 
  ow come on , `` hurr durr stupid americans '' . 
  could most people in european correctly name all the countries on a blank map of africa for example ? 
  given the quality of the rest of the songs today reaching the finals was n't all that surprising , now - winning - , winning is another thing . 
  would you even - want - to win ? 
  i mean , that means you have to pay for the thing next year . . ugh . 
  nasty . 
  really ? 
  i really felt the quality of our entries improved dramatically after we went with the `` send country and western , maybe they 'll like it '' route . 
  silly seal , get out of the ring !, 
  you ca n't even do a clothesline or a piledriver , the wwf is no place for you !, 
  nope , not a real thing . 
  you perhaps might find a random embassy `` celebrating '' it or some other small venue , but it would n't surprise me if the number of people who have ever even heard of it is in the lower single digits . 
  `` if it 's a yes , we will say ` on we go ' , and if it 's a no we will say ` we continue ' . '', 
  `` britain is different . 
  of course there will be transfers of sovereignty . 
  but would i be intelligent to draw the attention of public opinion to this fact ? '', 
  `` monetary policy is a serious issue . 
  we should discuss this in secret , in the eurogroup [ ... ] i 'm ready to be insulted as being insufficiently democratic , but i want to be serious [ ... ] i am for secret , dark debates . '', 
  `` we decide on something , leave it lying around and wait and see what happens . 
  if no one kicks up a fuss , because most people do n't understand what has been decided , we continue step by step until there is no turning back . '', 
  `` when it becomes serious , you have to lie . '', 
  `` there can be no democratic choice against the european treaties '' -- jean-claude juncker [ source ] ( https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/jean-claude_juncker ), 
  as betteridge 's law of headlines states : `` any headline that ends in a question mark can be answered by the word no . '', 
  oh no , not * collapse * . 
  i hope i did n't give you that impression , that would be an hysterical hyperbole . 
  btw , that 's a good way of looking at things , i like it . 
  i know , that 's why i compared it to the late 90 's and not earlier . 
  one problem with those stats though , the eta and ira killed lots of people , but it was n't - completely - random . 
  you would n't have to be scared of the ira bombing you in sweden for example , they were much more localized . 
  i do n't know man , you even had people talking about `` the end of history '' back then , like nothing bad could ever happen anymore . 
  economies were booming and the future was looking bright . 
  rose-tinted glasses , i 'm sure . 
  but still ... sigh . 
  eh , i kind of feel the zenith of western civ and the world at large was reached around the year 2000 or so , it 's been slowly going downhill ever since . 
  . . what ? 
  well that was uncalled for . 
  all i 'm saying is that 1 day after the event there 's no way of knowing what actually went down . 
  i never moved goalposts and claimed nothing happened in the first place , that 's a straw man of your own making , and i do n't claim it - could n't - have been assad , it does n't make sense though , strategically . 
  if you 've followed the war in syria , you would know why . 
  - edit - to expand on that last point and perhaps i 'm repeating myself : things have been a lot dicier for the assad regime , yet they never resorted to using chemical attack . 
  yet now , after having the situation already under control , they decide to gas this random , utterly irrelevant village with no strategic value whatsoever , completely out of the blue ? 
  why ? 
  that does n't have to mean those planes dropped the gas though , their claim that a rebel depot was hit * could * be true , especially since it would make no strategic sense whatsoever for the syrian army to use toxic gas at this stage . 
  the rebel attack was already beaten down because of rebel infighting and the arrival of elite syrian troops from the northern front . 
  last time the assad regime was held responsible for a gas attack it turned out to be a bit more complicated than that , interesting to see that after one day and without a single shred of proof everybody `` knows '' it was him . 
  getting iraq flashbacks here . .
