  this is months old clickbait , of course nobody in his or her right mind is going to agree with this article and things like this tend to end in a circlejerk condemning the author . 
  which is why you should n't engage with clickbaiters , the only point of an article like this is to stir shit up to get pageviews , so would n't it be best to just ignore them ? 
  so is this like a norwegian version of red dawn ? 
  i mean the overall premise sounds interesting but extremely unrealistic , the eu deliberately inviting russia over to invade norway , so i 'm expecting b-movie type schlock , or perhaps an ultra-paranoid clancy-like political thriller . 
  either way , sounds fun , too bad it 's not on netflix or being broadcast over here . 
  no , while i like the idea of european cooperation , i 'm not an eu fan . 
  is forming an efta-like alliance with scandinavian countries and the british isles an option ? 
  i 'd be in favor of - that - , you can always make bilateral agreements with the eu on the subjects you 'd like without being forced into something you do n't want . 
  that 's a famous example of a loaded question . 
  read the linked wikipedia article for more information , you might find that it applies to your original question as well . 
  ok , that 's just * awful * ... have an upvote  ( or should i say - owlful - ), 
  that kind of enthusiasm is usually reserved for the world cup , the super bowl has the disadvantages of being both a fairly obscure sport and being broadcast in the middle of a sunday night . 
  so i 'll probably be watching by myself with my cat , a beer and cheetos . 
  hey op , [ have you stopped beating your wife ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/loaded_question ), 
  oh that 's tomorrow ? 
  sure , i was thinking of giving it a shot , why not . 
  i 've been a night owl the last few weeks , anyway . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by `` how will you be doing it '' though ? 
  i 'll be watching it on a television i suppose ? 
  i mean , there 's bound to be a channel broadcasting it , right ? 
  i hope ... oh . . oh wait , you 're referring to a `` super bowl party '' are n't you ? 
  yeah ... no , i do n't think those exist outside of the us . 
  the biggest problem is how bland they are ( by design ) . 
  the old \u0192250 bill had a pretty light house on on , hence it 's nickname , `` light house '' ( yes , very original ) . 
  when i look into my wallet * now * , the $ 20 and $ 50 notes in there just have this nonexistent bridge on them , not a real landmark or person . 
  i said that because literally the only people i 've ever seen repeating that `` fact '' were a ) bloggers and b ) americans . 
  this is n't an anti-american statement , just a factual observation . 
  also , i 'm not really digging that name because that reference is pretty outdated , like an using an old meme to try and be cool . 
  they do n't have nicknames , at least not over here in the netherlands , only the previous currency did ( guilders / florins ) . 
  also , $ 500 bills are n't called bin ladens , i 've seen that name before , but only used by americans . 
  it 's one of those anti-facts bloggers like to share . 
  true . 
  although i have to say , the dutch political scene 's been a complete train wreck the last few years and has been pretty entertaining to watch , with intrigues and coverups and established parties disintegrating , we even have our own trump-like figure who 's leading the polls right now . 
  it 's on all the popular news sites , people care a lot more about us elections then they do about elections in other european countries , especially when they 're not neighboring ones . 
  probably even the european parliament election , because the general feeling towards the eu tends to be apathy . 
  they still would n't know who those other guys are though , only clinton and trump , and the national pbs equivalent heavily favors clinton . 
  that 's not a particular sentiment i 've heard before here in the netherlands . 
  germanic countries and especially the uk are culturally closer to u.s. for obvious reasons of course , but * being like the u.s. * ? 
  not really . 
  a kingdom can have constituent countries , our own country ( the netherlands ) works the same way for example . 
  of course , you could argue that the countries of the uk are just subdivisions and that they do n't fundamentally differ from flanders vs wallonia or the gemans bundeslaender for example when it comes to the kind of legal powers they have , but these things sometimes are just a matter of convention . 
  is europe - really - a continent ? 
  does it - really - make sense that amsterdam is our capital ? 
  in the end , it is what it is because people want it to be . 
  the area marked markermeer ( very appropriate ) was supposed to be claimed as well , but like the other poster said , no extra land was needed and the plan was aborted , leaving only that dike labeled houtribdijk behind . 
  the first sentence in the article is `` european union interior ministers on monday urged greece to do more to control the influx of migrants '' , so i guess greece is supposed to be to blame because european union interior ministers think greece should do more to control the influx of migrants . 
  talk about victim blaming ... poor greece . 
  the nationalist party over here is * explicitly * pro-israel , actually . 
  it has a certain b-movie charm though . 
  nice !, 
  i 'm kind of afraid people will put this into whatever context fits their believes , either `` this is pro-muslim propaganda that should be ignored '' or `` proof that mass immigration from non-western countries is a-ok '' on the other hand , but regardless of all that , good job . 
  while cool , i 'd rather have a permanent settlement than going there and leaving again , especially when you can send robots instead . 
  like the other posters said , why not build a moon base first ? 
  the comment was a link to a simpsons picture with grandpa simpson being angry at a cloud . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're reading way too much into this , sometimes a cigar is just a cigar . 
  you 're probably very confused right now so let me help you out . 
  he was making a joke about - literal - clouds . 
  you know , those white fluffy things up in the sky . 
  everybody feels like a victimized snowflake nowadays . 
  to quote one of my favourite movies : `` a strange game . 
  the only winning move is not to play . '', 
  why not do both ? 
  carrots - and - sticks . 
  got ta agree with that mayor here , non-news . 
  possible ? 
  sure . 
  likely ? 
  no not really . 
  and if it was a factor , it would be one of many . 
  but i - do - like me a good conspiracy , 
  i think you 're right , but just to play devil 's advocate here ( because i like to be contrarian ) , it might have influenced the timing and the decision to actually go ahead with lifting the embargoes . 
  i sometimes wonder how deep the rabbit hole goes . . did western countries lift iranian sanctions to make oil cheaper and to drive the ruble down , or is that kind of thinking just extremely paranoid ? 
  that has nothing to do with whatsapp though , they do n't decide the emoji character set standards . 
  in soviet russia , memes forget about * you * !, 
  in op 's picture it clearly does though . 
  is n't that the one we 're commenting on here ? 
  plat is a set of both german and dutch dialects , it 's kind of hard to say where one language begins and the other ends . 
  so naturally a german would anschluss them all and just call them german  . 
  it goes right through russia and they are n't on the best of terms with europe at the moment , that seems like it could be a bit of a problem . 
  also , the railway system over here , in this country at least , is already congested and focusses on transporting people , not goods , i wonder if it could handle the extra traffic . 
  and the aiib ? 
  it 's that new asian investment bank right ? 
  european countries wanted to join in , the americans were angry etc etc. 
  kind of cliche , but i do n't trust mega-banks . 
  at all . 
  efta seems to exist without norway being a part of the eu . 
  we will honor the previous inhabitants and fight the great aquatic bitch with both advanced dike technologies and giant robots . 
  we kind of need germany and they pretty much need us as well , europe 's biggest harbour is in the netherlands and one of the largest european industrial areas , the german ruhr district , is its main client . 
  but then again , there is n't really a - need - for a political organisation when an economic treaty will suffice i suppose . 
  i 'm more than ok with this . 
  soyanora swamp , hallo glorious island nation . 
  when do we leave ? 
  should i start packing ? 
  oh i did n't mean to imply you were shilling here , i thought the original article was . 
  i guess it 's possible to be huge without having a western presence , just look at alibaba . 
  seems like a blatant commercial , but i 've got to be honest , despite being copycat knock-offs , some of the stuff on there looks really interesting . 
  not really sure this belongs on this sub though ? 
  \\* edit \\* aaaand they 're selling `` 2tb '' usb sticks for 10 euros . . yeah , no . 
  all refugees are migrants but not all migrants are refugees .
