  as much as i loved those , watching them now i ca n't get over how blatant they are in pushing crappy plastic toys to kids . 
  on the other hand , i had those and they were awesome . . woosh flying mask car !, 
   insulting the king , their spouse or their heir  insulting a head of state or ambassador of a friendly foreign state these are hardly ever enforced though , hence the whole `` fuck the king '' thing and the way those charges got dropped . 
  look , i do n't know about the specifics , it 's just that that 's what our national politicians said , `` the numbers from brussels are too vague and as long as we do n't have proof we 're not gon na pay '' , those numbers never showed up ( in public ) , but the payment was made anyway . 
  probably politicians being politicians on all sides of that particular spat . 
  i 'm not saying there 's some kind of hidden agenda , i 'm saying that 's what factually happened , not talking about interpretation . 
  well , they 're not taxed and included in the gdp and if the national government had its way there would be an outright ban . . - however - , the eu still sees it as economic activity and is now asking for more money , basically the same situation france is in here . 
  they already asked for more money a couple of months ago without really explaining why , because their numbers did n't make sense and after several assurances that the government would n't bow down to brussels we ended up paying anyway , so i guess the same thing will happen again . 
   due to it being legal and taxed in the netherlands if only . 
  soft drugs are n't legal in the netherlands actually , they 're tolerated and the government has been tougher and tougher on them the past few years . 
  it 's kind of telling that nobody knows about this day and nobody cares . 
  look , i know that most people on this sub seem to care , but that hardly translates to any kind of support outside of a euro enthusiast bubble , if i check out our domestic media there is n't a single mention of this day being anything other then ve day in russia . 
  ca n't say i really agree with you , but you have n't been extremely rude and you have n't been off topic so it 's rather unfortunate that you are getting all these downvotes just for posting something people disagree with . 
  well sure , but when it comes to industrial espionage and political spying the u.s. are n't exactly our allies either . 
  it 's not that i think that highly of china or that poorly of the us , but that 's just the way it works . 
  the government should protect itself from - any - kind of foreign interference and i consider cisco for example to be just as bad . 
  also , if we play ball with the chinese they might actually keep on continuing developing stuff for themselves instead of just blatantly copying , so for example , i consider huawei phones an improvement compared to those iphone knockoffs . 
  i think that an agency/power/actor that 's closer to me that spies on me ( domestic or at least from another western nation ) is a bigger threat to my freedom than somebody spying on me from the other side of the planet . 
  are you in favor of banning american products from the eu as well ? 
  everybody spies on everybody . 
  you 've never seen satire mocking christianity before ? 
  well of course he 'd - say - that . 
  there 's a difference between public statements and what he 's actually thinking and doing . 
  i 'm sure they 'll do something about this behind the curtains . 
  at least i hope so , otherwise i could type another paragraph or two about incompetence and/or malice . 
  depending on the popularity of the monarchy , i think they 'll be sticking around for a looong time . 
  while i 'd actually be in favor of a republic , i can see the advantage of the figurehead of a country not being something as hated and divisive as a politician . 
  a belgian invented the saxophone . 
  there 's a whole string of incidents involving lying ministers , politicians being accused and found guilty of fraud etc etc. 
  i especially liked the one where they found a loophole in the law that allowed them to bypass the senate entirely so mps did n't get to vote on laws . 
  the latest trick was a minister acting all indignant after learning that a state owned bank gave itself a really big bonus , turned out he knew all along and approved it himself . 
  the last regional elections punished them to the point of no longer having a majority in the senate , even with their ad-hoc alliance , but getting rid of the current government would accomplish absolutely nothing , the political landscape is so fragmented right now that any new coalition would still have to include one or probably both of the current ruling parties . 
  and believe me , i 'd love to see them gone for what they 've done ( and i 'm not talking about austerity here ) , this is the most corrupt dutch government i 've ever seen . 
  too bad they apparently have too many friends in high places because i 'd love to see a couple of people go behind bars for what they 've pulled here . 
  while welcome , i very much doubt the flemish would want to gain their independence , only to rejoin the netherlands . 
  also , there seems to be some kind of inferiority complex going on , preventing the vassals to want to come back to their rightful masters . 
  kind of like asking us swamp germans for some surprise anschluss . 
  elementary school : bicycle ( younger kids brought by parents in car or on a bicycle ) high school : bicycle college/university : bicycle , or by taking a bicycle to the train station , park it there , take a train and then pick up your second bicycle at the other station . 
  my opinion is that this is highly unrealistic to the point that i wonder if op is trolling . 
  i 'm happy that the u.s. is willing to defend their allies , even when they seem to be ungrateful . 
  looking at the way they compiled this map , i ca n't help but notice that its primarily focused on the safety of the journalist themselves and not on covering the `` safety '' of whatever their message might be , it 's there , but again , that 's not the focus . 
  so if you have an incident like the new year 's assaults that were n't even mentioned initially , because of various reasons that i 'm not going to go in here because that 's not really the point , those are going to fall outside of what this map is portraying , mostly . 
  but how is that not censorship ? 
  in a computerized environment , physical violence might not be the biggest problem a journalist is facing . 
  has two capitals ? 
  if the uk gets to have `` countries '' , we get to have one capital . 
  it 's bad enough that we 're `` dutch '' or from `` holland '' , at least have us have this ... 
  well , i do n't believe a small crisis would be enough , but a big crisis . . 
  i do n't know . 
  perhaps ? 
  and * tear eu apart * might also mean a downgrade of its status and aspirations , not a complete dismantlement . 
  maybe . 
  i have to admit that in retrospect , a lot of that old stuff was pretty stupid as well . 
  oh how i long for the days when anonymous meant / b/tards closing off pools in habbo hotel , not `` progressive '' script kiddies . 
  i watch it for the weird costumes , bad music and awful politics . 
  it 's a freak show and i like freak shows . 
  i always chuckle at the way media outlets like the nos portray events like this , right attacks left : `` far-right violently attacks activists '' , left attacks right : `` far-right demonstration once again leads to violence ! '', 
  well , it can still be sad , even if people do stupid things . 
  hope she is n't leaving any children behind . 
  that 's horrible . . strange how the fate of one person seems worse than that of thousands . 
  easier to empathize i guess . 
  sure , i googled the term to see where they got that from and found that as well , but that is n't a common nickname for the ministry , just a fairly obscure one for the building itself . 
  poor ataturk must be spinning in his grave . 
  with people like this in positions of power , i 'm surprised they have n't converted the hagia sophia into a mosque yet . . 
   in the cartoon , the turkish president is standing on a rock labeled `` apenrots '' -- a dutch term meaning `` monkey rocks '' that is used to refer to the dutch foreign ministry i 'm thoroughly confused , how is this relevant ? 
  does the washington post think that this cartoon might refer to that ? 
  ignoring the fact that that term - is n't - a nickname for the foreign ministry , as they apparently seem to believe , how would that even make sense in this context ? 
  - edit - standing on top of it , showing his dominance over the rock i guess ? 
  maybe that 's what they think it means ? 
  thanks for that btw !, 
  keep up the good work . 
  he technically can be . . but he wo n't . 
   soviet union was dissoluted in 1991 , isil was proclaimed 2014 . 
  well sure , but the same thing has been said about terrorist groups in general , that 's what i was referring to . 
  as for the other things you mentioned , yes , i know , but i was talking about the * nuclear * warning here , out of all the things mentioned that seems to be the - least - likely threat yet it 's the headline . 
  that probably has been true since the dissolution of the soviet union , is there a greater chance now ? 
  why issue a new warning ? 
  the article mentions iraqi missile technology that could be in the hands of isis , but if i remember correctly , the threat was always a `` dirty '' bomb because a terrorist group would never be able to construct a `` proper '' one . . oh wait , yes , the article mentions chemical and biological weapons as well right ? 
  saddam had those , - that 's - probably the new threat here , not nuclear ones . 
  makes for a good headline though . 
  well that was kind of my point , germans are still sensitive to what happened in wwii and in socialist eastern germany . 
  my remark was n't intended as an insult , but your reaction validates what i was saying . 
  according to international treaties , the refugee status of every individial immigrant has to be determined before a country is allowed to send them back , so you always have to let them in first . 
  somehow that seems even worse . . you 'd think that given their history , germans would be weary of legislating morality and mass social engineering . 
  unfortunately , yes . 
  but that 's the one of the few anti-free speech laws we have over here and given the historical circumstances , you might see why they exist . 
  attempts at repealing those have been tried , but only recently and they stranded . 
  still though , generally speaking , we 're pretty big on the whole freedom thing here . 
  it 's kind of our jam ( or so we would like to believe ourselves anyway ) . 
  actually , this reveals the difference between german speaking europe or perhaps just germany and the english speaking world , not europe as a whole ( minus the uk ) . 
  we had a somewhat similar case over here in the netherlands a while ago which involved the same kind of law against insulting the king or friendly heads of states and the whole thing ended up going nowhere because the general sentiment was that freedom of speech should always be considered more important . 
  i do n't see why is is being spun as a bad thing , i would n't be happy with the navy or air force joining germany 's because of different strategic interests but having defensive pan-european groundforces makes a lot of sense . 
  in fact , it makes so much sense , it 's already got a name , nato . 
  and having actual european countries step up instead of relying on the us only seems like a good thing to me as well , for all parties involved . 
  ehh , it was a bit too much in combination with the blue banner , but i actually think it would be ok just by itself . 
  sure , there 's a link with the eu there , but that 's what a lot of people on this sub identify themselves with . 
  mind you , i 'm certainly not one of them , but that does n't mean that they should n't be represented somewhere . 
  sure , i agree that all of this ultimately it wo n't lead to anything , it 's just that the agreement - does - need unanimous ratification by individual nations , which it now does n't have because the netherlands withdrew . 
  that 'll only be temporary though , since the dutch government itself is in favor , but technically i do n't think it 's all as cut and dry as you seem to think it is , because i do n't think - anybody - knows exactly what this means because it 's treading new eu legal territory . 
  but again , practically speaking , you are absolutely correct , there 'll be an exception clause and that 'll be all .
