  it certainly does n't have any kind of viewership over here in the netherlands , but maybe that 's different in other countries . 
  i mean , it 's still in the air , so - somebody - has to watch it , right ? 
  who exactly are its audience ? 
  i 've noticed people from the un saying things like this before and while . . troubling , i have to wonder , how much clout do these people actually have ? 
  is n't it more likely that , instead of being part of some sort of multicultural conspiracy , these people are more like lady ashton ? 
  a bit useless ? 
  do you tie pillows around your waist when you go for a walk ? 
  same thing . 
  well , normally speaking i 'd agree with pointing out old dates , but how exactly is that relevant here ? 
  in fact , if anything , older would be even more damning in this case . 
  i know , it 's just that the lack of culture aspect seemed kind of important to highlight because it 's the end game of having a complete and total victory for a bicycle culture like we had in the 70s , and since he was asking about - culture - . . well anyway , i figured somebody else , like you , would explain the ins and outs of the practical side . 
  i see your point but it becomes a silly thing to point out when it 's something so incredibly normal . 
  hence my pants example , these things are the cultural equivalent of wallpaper . 
  also , you could say the netherlands has a large bicycle culture for example . 
  that implies that , however small it may be , there 's a portion of the population that - is n't - a part of that culture . 
  since that is n't the case , i can logically speaking only say that the netherlands does n't have a bicycle culture , but that dutch culture - is - a bicycle culture . 
  so , to answer your original question : i dunno . 
  it 's so intertwined with the rest of my life i ca n't take cycling as a discrete element and comment on it from a cultural perspective . 
  the infrastructure 's great i guess ? 
  right , but does greece have a pants culture ? 
  or a door culture ? 
  it 's ubiquitous in the netherlands , not some sort of subculture with militant activists and bicycle clothing or anything . 
  ok look , let 's take `` gaming culture '' for example . 
  that entire concept only makes sense when there are also non-gamers . 
  now , with every person in the netherlands being a part of bicycle culture means that there - is - no bicycle culture , only dutch culture . 
  paradoxically enough , i 'd say we do n't - have - a `` cycling culture '' here in the netherlands , although one could argue we - are - a cycling culture . 
  in much the same way that there is no dutch vacuum cleaner culture either , even though most people own one . 
  you forgot smelly , ugly and a poopy head . 
  or fascist , that always works as a generic insult for people you disagree with . 
  i ca n't decide whether that is a shitty way to go or not . 
  falling to your death from a castle while having sex feels pretty games of thronesy . 
  collective punishment based on ethnicity or nationality is pretty fucking racist . 
  i agree with you on the state broadcaster being preeettty left wing and caught them blatantly manipulating the news myself a couple of times , but would you consider the telegraaf and rtl nieuws to be leftish as well ? 
  oh ok , well that was a pretty cool , ca n't imagine what it would be like for her , being lost like that in more ways than one . 
  one of these days i have to go there . . and the van gogh museum as well . 
  i used to be pretty progressive leaning , but i 'm unfortunately coming to the same conclusion as you are , this situation is n't complete political incompetence but at least partially deliberate . 
  it is n't even a west vs islam thing , - everybody - is getting fucked over . 
  the way i originally heard the story was even beter , but i do n't have any sources so i left it out . 
  anyway , the story goes that not only did they steal the flagship , they scuttled it just off the dutch coast to be used as a tourist attraction just to piss off the british . 
  greece has a lot of islands and needs the money . 
  i 'm only half joking btw . 
  did that really happen ? 
  stories like this tend to be made up . . 
  . . because he watched the video ? 
  [ the raid on the medway ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/raid_on_the_medway ) basically , the dutch fleet sailed to england and up their rivers , completely wrecked the british fleet , towed away their flagship and sold it for scrap . 
  to quote wikipedia : `` it was one of the worst defeats in the royal navy 's history , and one of the worst suffered by the british military . '', 
  so apparently the word `` racist '' has lost any and all meaning now ? 
  the sad thing is that they actually tricked me into opening their clickbait article . 
  he was being sarcastic , hence the `` scary quotes '' . 
  it would n't surprise me if shell and insurance companies have the biggest lobbies here in the netherlands , so maybe that 's why you wo n't find that much , those are domestic influences , not foreign . 
  well , english of course . 
  it 's certainly the lingua franca of most of europe , learning german to speak to , say , someone from denmark would be very odd and they 'd probably prefer if you just spoke english . 
  after that , well , it kind of matters where you 're headed . 
  spanish is useful in the americas , french in africa , russian in eastern europe . 
  nay , good sir , ` tis the god to honest truth , i 've - seen - you lot do it . 
  milk !, 
  i certainly would n't , they put milk in their tea . 
  - milk - . 
  oh , the usual , tv and music . 
  i was going to downvote this post for making a stupid joke , but ... wow , they actually do go * durrr * . 
  oh , you crazy bird-beak-animal , you . 
  maybe i 'm remembering them incorrectly , but i got the distinct impression that those eurobarometer polls for the eu paint an entirely different picture . 
  i do n't have any links to post here right now though , so i see how anecdotal this all sounds . 
  looking at the results here , my native country is apparently as eurosceptic as the uk is , yet in other polls we almost seem like europhiles , just how accurate and dependable are these things ? 
  are the error margins so high they 're useless to begin with ? 
  are people not randomly selected enough ? 
  do pollsters just give the answers and results the people who hired them want to hear ? 
  he was n't actually a heavy drug user , turns out you need that stuff in your blood to survive beaming up to the spaceship , otherwise you might end up ass backwards like in spaceballs . 
  well honestly , he 's had better days . 
  age will do that to you , even though he had that whole rejuvenation thing done by those alpha centaurians . 
  ok , i 'm kind of curious now , who are these `` presevo '' and `` sandzak '' characters ? 
  becoming a default subreddit did n't really help , qualitywise . 
  you 're wrong about reddit though , just look at how popular coontown was . 
  and i ca n't say that hypocrits like you are helping either , op , you 're kind of full of shit when you complain about onesided black-and-white thinking in the way you just did . 
  not that i want to personally attack you , but - you - are part of the problem , that black and white absolutism . 
  suuure , bielefeld is a - real - town . . and i just had tea with elvis . 
  the atv could be adapted to become a manned vehicle , it 's apparently just cheaper to hitch a ride . 
  and a manned mission ? 
  again , useless . 
  unless you 're going for colonization , but that 's not what a manned mission to the moon right now would be about . 
  now , - mars - , that 's another thing and you could probably argue that just exploring there would be worth the effort , like one of those polar explorations of days past , that would probably be a joint mission with nasa though . 
  but the fact remains that robotic missions suit the current mission profiles a lot better , the manned stuff should come afterwards , after the groundwork has been done , just build all the infrastructure you need in advance and use the materials * in situ * . 
  do n't just go there and leave again , go there and do it - right - . 
  * just * sending people is n't enough . 
  apparently you 're not very familiar with the european space agency . 
  really now , read up on the topic before pointing fingers , they 're one of the big boys when it comes to space , together with nasa and roscosmos . . well , anyway , your argument seems to be based on sending people to the moon . 
  what exactly would be the point of going there ? 
  if you 're not going build some kind of factory/refinery it literally is just a colossal waste of money and that could be done with robots as well . 
  human space flight is awesome , but people probably do n't want to end up with boondoggles like the space shuttle or iss . 
  hmm ... 
  probably christian democrats , the right 's too selfish and corrupt , the left 's splintered into parties that are downright crazy or weakwilled and incompetent , the nationalists are driven too much by hatred of others instead of love for their country , the one issue parties and hardcore christians are zealots . . 
  so even though there are over a dozen to choose from , i dislike most if not all of them . 
  right now , i guess i dislike the christian democrats the least , much to my own surprise , i 'm not exactly a christian myself , but they seem to be boring but . . decent . 
  haha , yes , exactly !, 
  good old sir humphrey . 
  start small enough and and no point will the danger escalate dramatically enough to get momentum to start a potential nuclear war . 
  a civil uprising in parts of a country , russians troops to protect ethnic russians , troops staying there and building military infrastructure to keep on protecting them . . at what point would you start that war ? 
  do it slow enough and the boiling frog will do nothing . 
  but this strategy works for smaller goals on a longer time scale . 
  which is why it wo n't happen of course , you could do this to capture a port or canal , to form a land bridge from a to b , russia does n't need those right now , except maybe to connect crimea and transnistria to russia directly .
