  how does that even make sense ? 
  did think about that for even one minute ? 
  how many other things do you blindly believe that do n't actually make any sense either , but are the result of dogmatic thinking ? 
  if he comes to power , it will be a failure of the left and centrists , not a grand success of the far right . 
  ps i did n't downvote you for having a different opinion , not my style . 
  he 's so disliked his party is the biggest in the polls . 
  and him needing security against islamist attacks ( disliked by the `` general dutch population '' , that 's fucking hilarious ) proves his point . 
  falling for obvious hoaxes like this undermines the credibility of people who are against the immigration wave . 
  good . 
  not that agree with him in the slightest , but having facts be twisted and spun like this potentially deters more immigrants from coming . 
  at pork ? 
  i mean sure , female circumcision , religious extremism , but . . pork ? 
  still , do n't know if they did this on purpose . 
  who knows . 
  what about couples/parents ? 
  separate camps ? 
  well , it entirely depends on the available food i guess , did they go out of their way to serve pork or was it just the only thing they had ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i guess that 's what i should have posted in the first place . 
  that 's . . kind of a dick move . 
  muslims are allowed to eat pig if it 's the only thing available if i remember correctly , but come on , you know that 'll piss them off . 
  do they really need to make a bad situation even worse ? 
  haha , i made a point !, 
  well , great fucking job there , did it help even one bit ? 
  i do n't hate them , i understand why they are doing what they 're doing and hell , if i were syrian i might have done the same thing . 
  but these are n't only syrians . 
  and from a european point of view mass immigration is n't a solution , for security , social and economic reasons . 
  we do have an ethical obligation to help though . 
  `` i am astonished at those who are afraid of the people : one can always explain that what is in the interest of europe is in the interests of our countries . '', 
  `` britain is different . 
  of course there will be transfers of sovereignty . 
  but would i be intelligent to draw the attention of public opinion to this fact ? '', 
  just 2 random quotes . 
  https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/jean-claude_juncker that and a lot more interesting quotes . 
  european welfare depends on the pax americana and removing us influence creates a large power vacuum that will create even more unstability . 
  but hey , when in doubt , blame the americans for everything right ? 
  it 's obviously referring to how she 's ethnically danish and killed her mom because of radical islamist influences , even though she 's not of middle eastern / northern african descent . 
  you know what it meant , please do n't play dumb . 
  and yes , stupid people do stupid things , one simple event by itself is n't a trend . 
  well who should we support then . 
  or do nothing ? 
  the conflict will wage on if we do nothing and is will potentially grow even stronger . 
  back rebels and we risk starting a proxy war with russia , further destabilizing the situation . 
  support an independent kurdistan to combat is , taking chunks of syria and iraq and let the rest be , hopefully creating a new stable status quo while - seriously - pissing off iraq and turkey ? 
  it 's actually about how the eu is dysfunctional in the way it deals with crisis situations , because it depends on an extremely long-drawn-out process that 's only reactionary . 
  oh sure , i 'm just saying that if they 're going for the whole `` we 're angry !, 
  rable rable rable rable '' , this way is a whole lot better than a violent way . 
  i do n't really see how this would sway people to their point of view and open the borders wide open for them , but on the other hand , they - could - be rioting , so a sit-in like this is actually commendable . 
  completely useless of course , but at least it gives people the sense they 're doing something . 
  maybe they should start a tumblr or sign an online petition . 
  they 're pulling a greece again , are n't they . 
  just limping from deadline to deadline without any hope of catching up to a rapidly changing situation . 
  charming . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was n't one he took with him from the u.s. . as to how easy it is to obtain one in the u.k. , i have no idea . 
  i held a handgun once when i visited an american living in london . 
  that 's the only one i 've ever seen in real life that was n't in a museum or handled by a cop . 
  looks like you took the bait , op . 
  like i said in another post , i know . 
  but when it comes to military cowardice and trust , i hold the us to a somewhat higher standard then i do most other european countries . 
  take it as a compliment , you 're pretty ok towards your allies . 
  usually . 
   the dutch military was obviously aware of the decisions . 
  do you have proof of this ? 
  both the dutch political establishment and the military are claiming the exact opposite . 
  that called off airstrike was one that came way , way too late , after srebrenica already fell . 
  in fact , there 's the suspicion that the french and later the americans deliberately told mladic there would n't be any air support because the save havens were to troublesome to support . 
   it was their duty to access the situation and respond accordingly . 
  they did , problem was they were under the impression that air support would be available to them . 
  look , i know that it was probably the french that betrayed us first , but the u.s. did nothing to stop them and quite frankly , as nato 's backbone , i expected more from america . 
  because , while perhaps somewhat liberal with the truth at times , i kind of trust you guys to a certain extent , i - do n't - just blindly go off and say the u.s. is awful etc etc. 
  i just thought better of you i guess . 
  * but nothing there remotely suggests that anyone `` abandoned '' the dutch . 
  the decision to withhold airstrikes was obviously kept secret so that the threat of airstrikes could maintain a deterrent value without incurring the execution of prisoners . 
  * right , but that was also kept a secret from the dutch army . 
  so you stabbed us in the back , used the dutch as a scapegoat and now you claim victimhood by going off on a tangent , one i actually agree with for the most part , but is unrelated here . 
  it 's not a blanket statement of `` america is always wrong '' , it 's a reaction to deliberate actions . 
  so , what kind of `` force '' is he talking about ? 
  diplomatic ? 
  economic ? 
  firefox had a bit of a hiccup , sorry , clearing browser data fixed the issue . 
  but it does !, 
  i click it , boom , wrong article . 
  here , i 'll do it in another browser ... 
  wait . 
  how does that even happen ? 
  i do n't know what to say , every time i open the link in the title i get to a page about how modern capitalism is causing stress , depression and anxiety , not the thing that 's being described . 
  links to an article about depression , not to what the title says . 
  * edit * never mind , browser issue/bug apparently caused the wrong cached page to appear , clearing it gave me the right one . 
  true , that 's even a bigger reason why it 's not that popular . 
  although i guess it would be feasable in certain situations , some east coast cities are close enough . 
  well of course there 's a difference , the american railway system is geared towards transporting goods , not people . 
  also , this notion that europe is more enlightened because we `` do n't worship cars '' over here is pretty much bs as well . 
  i 'd like to see them stay as a counterbalance to the franco-german axis , but - should - they ? 
  that 's up to the british people themselves . 
  oh dear , that 's right there in the article is n't it ? 
  shame on me for not bothering to read properly . 
  so , that would mean that the immigrant quota that the netherlands has to meet wo n't be met by redistributing refugees/immigrants from other european countries , right ? 
  was n't that the original objective of that plan ? 
  i wonder if germany will be upset . . well anyway , nice that my government is showing common sense for a change , we can and - should - help , just not in a stupid and destructive way . 
  it 's pretty obvious that the uk is right , prescreen them in camps on the eu border , do n't just blindly let anyone and everyone in .
