  direct aggression against the west does n't make strategic sense at the moment though . 
  they - could - get away with slicing off pieces of land to create a corridor for example under the assumption that nobody would risk nuclear war for small patches of far away land , but with their access to the seas already in place , what strategic positions or resources could be captured ? 
  only a larger scale invasion of eastern europe would make any sense ( assuming they have the intention to expand ) and that wo n't become possible until the west weakens considerably . 
  so what would be gained ? 
  a much more sensible plan would be to use agents inside the eu to help it towards disintegration , russia might end up with have several countries under their control without a fight and it also lessens the chance of the us retaliating , realistically , a country would n't stand much of a chance against them if they went full out , but turning it into a `` european civil war '' would make them less likely to get involved . 
  just turn the narrative around and turn russia into protectors instead of aggressors and use the army to `` free fellow slavs '' from `` european neocolonialism '' . 
  possibly ... 
  i should write a tom clancy novel , 
  why ? 
  he had a valid point . 
  `` protecting fellow russians '' would never be the real reason for military action , only used as a casus belli . 
  well i never said is was likely , i just gave a possible reason . 
  honestly , russia already has access to the baltic sea so there is no need for expansion right now , especially since the only territorial gains that would make sense in that direction would be far larger ones , russia 's financial capacity is too small at the moment to carry such an expansion and european opposition would be too great . 
  with the eu 's relative power dwindling at the moment however , this might change in 20 to 30 years , so that might be a possibility in the future . 
  as for the now , russia might take a page from america 's book and expand its influence in central asia under the guise of `` fighting terrorism '' . 
  one possibly reason could be to protect ethnic russians in other countries , like in georgia . 
  article 5 might not be as strong a deterrent as people think , would western nations really risk a nuclear war to protect a piece of moldova or latvia ? 
  `` what the germans have done to greece has its basis in racism , but the germans have a primordial fear and hate of eastern europeans , resulting in a commensurate brutality . 
  when the opportunity arrives to subjugate these peoples , the process will not be as gentle as in greece . 
  ukraine could already be the first example of this . '', 
  like i said , full retard . 
  the article does not exist in a vacuum completely separated from whoever wrote it and i consider that ad hominem fully justified . 
  i do n't get people like the original author here , why on earth would anyone go full retard like this and immediately undermine any kind of credibility they might have had ? 
  is n't the point of these kind of articles not only to preach to the choir but to `` convert '' people to your point of view ? 
  that 's hard to say , most of these terms are very emotionally charged . 
  look at xenophobia for example , phobia means * irrational * fear . 
  that by itself is already a loaded term , whether you agree with it or not . 
  ( hatred of foreigners ) . 
  still contains hatred though , but it 's the closest thing i could find . 
  the problem is that taking `` racism '' to its most logical conclusion means that it 's only racist if you think eastern europeans are a different race and if they are inferior because of their genetic makeup . 
  think their culture is inferior ? 
  not racist . 
  the problem here imho is that there are many things that are - just - as bad as racism , but socially speaking , nothing - may - be considered just as bad as racism , so as a result everything is just called racist when it 's usually a form of xenophobia . 
  further deluding the meaning of the word , turning it more and more into a slur against people you do n't like , like terrorist , or nazi . 
  words mean something , it may be xenophobic but that does n't make it racist . 
  terrorist is even - more - vague . 
  let me look up a definition : `` the use of violence and threats to intimidate or coerce , especially for political purposes . '', 
  right . 
  so this guy would fall under that definition . 
  but so does every government . 
  and freedom fighter . 
  it 's kind of a silly term that 's used as an insult against people you do n't like . 
  another thing here is that law enforcement agencies often add another requirement to that definition , somebody has to be part of a terrorist organization in order to be called a terrorist , and this guy was a `` lone wolf '' . 
  adding things like belgium and greater frisia would turn this diagram into an ever bigger clusterf * ck . 
  sorry , the only one being a bit arrogant here seems to be you . 
  i 'm not going to get my knickers in a twist over the issue , but i 'm - not - from holland , please do n't go putting words in people 's mouths by saying things like `` we call it that ourselves '' . 
  churchill did n't want the uk in that union , the uk was `` with '' europe , but not `` of '' europe . 
   i do . 
  and i see that there are other in this subreddit who do . 
  right . 
  but this is the europe subreddit , not a random cross section . 
  by and large , nobody cares . 
  i do n't mean that as an insult , just as an observation . 
   i see a lot of submissions in this subreddit where ` the media ' proclaims that ` the germans destroy the eu ' . 
  there is a lot of talk about the european idea and solidarity lately . 
  at least from what i get the perception has changed . 
  to be contrarian again ( i apparently love being that ) , i 'd be presumptuous enough to say that i speak for most of my countrymen when i say we 're in this for the money . 
  sorry , but i do n't especially care for my fellow europeans , not more then people from other western countries . 
  this difference in expectations is a huge cultural barrier and one of the reasons the eu is n't functioning very well right now , the british feel the same way for example . 
   the recent greece crisis was such a trigger that sparked interest and media coverage for this topic . 
  that only works as an argument if you believe there 's no such thing as bad publicity , when the debate is shifting from indifference to asking if remaining in the euro or indeed the eu is a good thing , that seems pretty bad to me . 
  well , nobody cares enough about the subject , that 's kind of a problem our leaders created , the eu is a playground for politicians and bureaucrats , not the general populace . 
  another reason why your average joe would n't care is that the media ( at least over here ) presents brussels as being foreign news , as `` them '' , not `` us '' . 
  so people do n't really care , so the media does n't care . 
  and that 's a vicuous circle , i see that , but it 's the politicians that are trying to sell this vision , so the onus is on them . 
  right , the eu never dared to make a choice about what it wanted to be so it 's something in the middle , the worst of both worlds . 
  option a and b here do n't contradict each other , they 're both true and that 's the problem . 
  also , maastricht and all those things are n't achievements , they 're just platforms to - enable - potential achievements . 
  and what would those be ? 
  a single currency that might actually - hurt - economies instead of helping them ? 
  a united front against threats like russia ? 
  that failed as well . 
  if sending planes to greece is the pinnacle of eu endeavors , we 'd be better off disbanding the whole thing . 
  count me in with that 62 % , the eu needs to get its act together , either through federalization or devolution , i do n't even care which one . 
  but it wo n't , because it 's the eu , so nothing will ever get done , so it 'll just slowly fade away . 
  love the - idea - of the eu though , but i guess a successor organization will have to fulfill that role . 
  i used to think it could be changed from the inside but i 'm leaning more towards to just beginning from scratch . 
  that 's what she - wants - you to believe . 
  wake up , sheeple !, 
  sure , why not . 
  merkel was behind 9/11 as well . 
  and she causes cancer , but only to small children . 
  and sources say she ate a puppy for breakfast , followed by kittens . 
  and she smells bad and has cooties . 
  hmm , no , not really . 
  probably a combination of its age and lack of emotional ties to the currency . 
  no , i was completely unfamiliar with your strange and foreign ways , never have i seen one of those `` electronic brain '' games before that lampoons the unknown continent of north america . 
  do they have penguins over there ? 
  on a more serious note , i 'm . . afraid you 're not fully aware of the exposure you 'd get over here to american culture . 
  well in the netherlands anyway , it probably helps that about 95 % of the population speaks english . 
  * edit * to be a bit more constructive , at times you could actually tell that rockstar are british , not american . 
  that used to be worse in older gtas though . 
  oh no , twitter activists !, 
  whatever shall germany do now ? 
  time to roll out those white flags , because it 's game over for the huns !, 
  the further away you get from holland , the more these regions tend to have their own cultural character and the more miffed people get when you use the `` wrong '' term . 
  then again , you 'd probably be able to find dutchmen all over the country that would refer to the place they live in as holland and people cheer for holland at football games , so i guess the easiest way to put it would be this : it 's a bit like scots and the english , only not at all and you 're always incorrect . 
  but i 'm not from holland :( perhaps there should be a referendum on the matter . 
  makes sense that this would be more of a gradient , other terms based on cardinal directions like southern , western and northern europe are equally fuzzy . 
  i do n't really see what the difference between orange and green is , those labels do n't seem to exclude each other , i 'd even call them complementary .
