  in germany last week it feels like everybody is - terrified - of the prospect of erdogan sending a new wave of refugees . 
  caving in or exploding in a fit of rage are n't the only two options . 
  good luck . 
  i would n't mind debating you on this topic , but looking at your list i more or less agree with you on all those points , so . . yeah . 
  except for nr . 
  3 , a bigger nation with a bigger army will have bigger wars perhaps , but will it be bigger then all of those smaller countries grouped together ? 
  it also would also prevent infighting within that group . 
  `` such comparisons ... are not worth considering our close ties between germany and turkey and our peoples - politically , in our society , as a nato partner and economically . '', 
  yes , such a * hard * stance . 
  absolutely intolerable . . 
  yes . 
  yes it is . 
  i ca n't believe i missed that , it 's so - obvious - . 
  ughh . 
  enjoy your rampaging primate !, 
  do n't forget to wear your special glasses . 
  isis is losing more and more ground , the siege on raqqa is slowly becoming a thing , the rebels seem to be more interested in fighting amongst themselves than against the saa . 
  turkey is hellbent on attacking the kurds though and both the russians and americans have set themselves up to be human shield to prevent more attacks because they need the kurds for the raqqa offensive . 
  i guess that 's the biggest thing that could go wrong at the moment , refugee-wise . 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little droplul ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the watergeuzen , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on isis , and i have over 300 confirmed kills . 
  i am trained in bokito warfare and i 'm the top sniper in the entire dutch armed forces . 
  you are nothing to me but just another target . 
  i will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of spies across the netherlands and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , klootzak . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my bare hands . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the dutch marine corps and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent , you little schavuit . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , pannekoek . 
  i wish his insults were a bit more imaginative , right now he 's just calling everybody and i mean * everybody * a nazi . 
  i guess this pretty much ensures the vvd becoming the biggest party after the elections . 
  rutte should thank his lucky stars for such an opportunity to fall into his lap just days before the vote . 
  i 'd link to the official statement , but the government posted it on facebook , which is banned on this sub . 
  - edit - nevermind , they now put it up on their official website , check the other posts . 
  the tl : dr is that turkey should n't have made public threats , although this outcome may be exactly what they wanted , `` evil foreigners banning poor misunderstood turks '' . 
  dutch news organizations are reporting that according to the turkish fm , their population is `` being held hostage '' in the netherlands and that they 're threatening to enact heavy political and economic measures against the netherlands if the rally ca n't continue . 
  i guess the tough guy act is mainly for internal consumption though , all of this theatre is obviously designed to make erdogan look strong . 
  well at least it explains it instead of making an alarmist article based on incorrect assumptions . 
  that 's nice . 
  i 'm sure the calculations all make sense . 
  to him . 
  however , that means you should question his qualifications as an economist , not necessarily his sincerity . 
  there 's something to be said for not blindly following the cpb however , i more or less agree with what thieme said . 
  he 's against * islamic * influence , he 'd a hypocrite if he took money from the saudis for example . 
  well the first thing is probably in relationship to the quran , either both should be legal or both should be illegal , that kind of thing , and him retweeting doctored pictures ... look , he 's not the sharpest knife in the drawer . 
  a photoshop might look obvious to you or me or more technically inclined people , he probably believes the things he says . 
  especially since he 's under constant police protection , i 'm sure he 's stuck in a siege mentality , coloring his worldview . 
  does n't make him right , also does n't make him a liar . 
  so what do you mean then , you call him a liar just because you do n't like him ? 
  what lies though ? 
  i 'm sure there 's a lot to disagree with him on , but lies implies deliberate deception . 
  he secretly * does * like islam ? 
  his * hidden * objective is a european federation ? 
  does poland have a veto ? 
  the great war is awesome ( the youtube channel , not the war itself ) . 
  [ here 's a playlist of recaps so you do n't have to watch hundreds of videos to get up to speed . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7uveaozum8&amp;list=plb2vhkmbjsxnshubgl7z0hwbr49qw1_3n ), 
  oh boy , i guess this super-triggered me , sorry for that : how about some positive energy towards freedom , self-determination and democracy . 
  and political pluralism . 
  also , pan-european sentiments are just another form of nationalism , just talking about a bigger nation . 
  also also , the american and french revolutions were populist and nationalist ones . 
  seriously , it 's like people do n't see the difference between ethnic and civic nationalism . 
  `` alarming ! '', 
  `` in shock ! '', 
  `` justice and legal security are at stake ! '', 
  from what i can tell the agreement actually makes a point of stating that it 's only for a single referendum being held on or before a specific date . 
  i do n't think westminster is going to be so gracious as to allow scotland to do this a second time without significant pressure . . 
  seems unlikely , last time there was an [ agreement ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/edinburgh_agreement_ ( 2012 \\ ) ) between the u.k. government and scottish government to give scotland the authority to hold a referendum , i doubt they 'd do the same for a second one . 
  the only thing that shows up for me is a `` load more ... '' button . 
  what bad am i ignoring when i 'm saying that the rebuild of berlin could have had an artistic value ? 
  how does that excuse what the nazis did in any way ? 
  why ? 
  should those plans be called grotesque and ridiculed just because they came from the `` wrong '' side ? 
  are esthetics suddenly bound to morality ? 
  hell , i 'll go even further : hitler was an ok painter . 
  fact time : iq distribution between men and women is different , with men having more variety on the higher and lower ends of the spectrum . 
  both sexes have roughly the same average though , making both claims of male superiority and feel-good ideas of everyone being the same equally wrong . 
  at too high a price . 
  although it 's fun too think would could have been if they were n't as quite as spectacularly evil , reichshauptstadt germania would probably have been quite a sight to see . 
  i 'm pretty sure that ending the barbaric practice of slavery worldwide is a tad more impressive and important than building highways . 
  unless you 're ok with slavery , of course . 
  is that a controversial statement ? 
  i 'm sure the empire was a mixed bag with pros and cons , but ending slavery was pretty neat . 
  sheesh , what a pitiful excuse for an artificial island . 
  look at how small it is . 
  i know that makes sense for its intended purpose , but can we polder in doggerland ? 
  because i totally think we should polder in doggerland . 
  i 'm not really sure , this would be a solution both for those that think further integration is needed and those that think things should n't go that far . 
  maybe they 're afraid of a power imbalance ? 
  that germany and france being top dogs is one thing , but that this new federation would effectively rule the eu ? 
  are you arguing that one ca n't tell if they 've taken enough measures or if they 're going overboard ? 
  ever ? 
  if my house is on fire , should i quantify the exact surface area that is burning before i could tell something might be wrong ? 
  that would certainly make things easier .
