  sorry , i hope my pleonasm did n't wreck or ruin your day . 
  everybody and their aunt is funding foreign organizations for strategic reasons , why would the idea of russia doing the same be paranoid ? 
  so first we built these really expensive new coal plants that only went online last year , only to almost immediately shut them down again . 
  great going guys , really planning for the future there . 
  also , this was a non binding vote , which makes the future of this decision questionable , especially since elections are nearing again and who knowns who 'll form a coalition ( dutch politics are a splintered clusterfuck at the moment ) , when it 's vvd + pvv i can see them postponing this decision as long as possible for economic reasons . 
  also , where is the energy going to come from when these plants get shut down ? 
  i hope it 's not going to be imported electricity from foreign coal plants . 
  well , true , but you could say that about most articles nowadays . 
  not a lot of actual facts and analysis and loads of fluff pieces with agenda pushing , regardless of what that agenda happens to be , left , right , whatever . 
  the internet has really been a double-edged sword . 
  more people see news but things are dumbed down for their audience , you get it faster but less accurately , everybody has a voice , but on the oher hand , everybody has a voice . 
  i do n't think going back to the ` good old days ' where an elitist group acts as a gate-keaper to all information is a good idea , but we do need to find some kind of happy equilibrium here instead of devolving into obnoxious circlejerks or an information overload . 
  i 'm getting horribly off-topic while going on a self-rightious rant , are n't i. 
  not - that - kind of aliens . 
  besides , those would n't need a lift because they already have a flying saucer . 
  well that 's exactly what the article claims . 
  i would n't go so far as to call it - the - reason , but it certainly is - a - reason . 
  this reporter does n't seem to understand european political contexts , wilders might be wildly controversial , anti-islam and a nativist , but he 's not a white supremacist . 
  `` just because the united kingdom has taken a sovereign decision , [ that ] does not absolve it of its obligations towards france , '' he added , referring to the brexit vote and the le touquet bilateral agreement signed in 2003 , which in effect established britain 's border controls at calais . 
  i 'm not following that logic , how do those two points mean britain has to take refugees and/or create a camp on their side ? 
  they already took their responsibility , they built a fence . 
  i mean , it 'd be nice if france and the uk made a deal somehow but the onus definitely seems to be on the french here , perhaps this is just grandstanding for their own domestic constituency ? 
  i hope this , combined with the italian banking nonsense , does n't cascade into a new recession . 
  ok , i can see the value in civil disobedience , but what if he disagrees with helping these people because he believes that law is there for a good reason ? 
  or what if he believes following laws ultimately is right even if you do n't always personally agree with them because the chaos of a lawless society is dangerous ? 
  you do n't know , leading to a situation where you might be projecting your own expectations and fears about the people you have been discussing this with onto the commenter . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't really see the logic of your argument . 
  you seem to be under the impression that someone disagreeing with you is the direct equivalent of being authoritarian . 
  to be honest , that 's the kind of mentality that led me to stop voting d66 . 
  * you * were the one calling denmark authoritarian , that 's not at all in any way shape or form the equivalent of him not being able to imagine a less oppressive government . 
  actually , with the nationalist party and conservative liberals being nearly tied for first place in the polls i kind of have to disagree with your characterization of the netherlands . 
  how exactly is this a * far * - right party , as the article claims ? 
  so , they knowingly and deliberately transported illegal aliens , but since it 's inside the borders and they gave them cookies , that 's supposed to make it ok to break the law . 
  what did they expect ? 
  yes , like i said , * reliable * , not the progressive version of the daily mail . 
  or , not to get into this stupid little game , are there any * other * sources for this story ? 
  are there any reliable sources for this ? 
  i 'm searching on google and i can only find an iranian state-run agency , nor are there any dutch media reporting on this which is a bit odd since the article says this was a dutch proposal . 
  ow wow , i just read the wiki page about them and they seem to be * actual neo-nazis * . 
  gross . 
  oh well , keep on protesting i guess , as long as it does n't turn into an everybody-who-disagrees-with-me-is-evil circlejerk . 
  is there an - actual - neo-nazi movement that 's gaining popularity in finland or is this merely the antifa being hateful intolerant extremists again ? 
  please do n't pet , feed , provoke , make eye contact or otherwise upset the belgians , they might stop their beer supply . 
  interesting , the spin i 've seen in dutch media is `` belgians in uproar after french police arrests and detains belgian policemen for several hours '' , which is just an afterthought in this article . 
  also , are n't there pan-european agreements and procedures when it comes to illegal immigrants ? 
  how could this incident happen in the first place ? 
  [ belgian authorities give permission for kurdish festival after losing appeal ] ( http://aranews.net/2016/09/belgian-authorities-give-permission-kurdish-festival-losing-appeal/ ), 
  given [ the type of things he said in the past ] ( https://en.m.wikiquote.org/wiki/jean-claude_juncker ) i 'd say his character is deplorable and he is a symbol of what is wrong with the eu as a whole . 
  hungary ? 
  but yeah , the uk should have swallowed the pill and endorse that proposal , but apparently the city was their holy cow again . 
  still , it 's not really - that - hypocritical because the london urbanites were mostly in the remain camp . 
  i hope so , it 's obvious some parties want to dissolve the nation-state and join up to form a european federation and it 's also obvious - other - parties are n't exactly thrilled by that prospect . 
  a two-speed europe should have been implemented years ago . 
  that 's nice , but they said the same thing after the failed constitutional referendums . 
  not holding my breath , but we 'll see i guess . . 
  ok , so if it 's not manmade then what is the underlying cause ? 
  there are temperature changes taking only years that would normally take centuries and millennia and it does n't seem to correspond with solar activity , but with co2 emissions . 
  what would be an alternate yet credible explanation ? 
  those things are tools and they can be implemented in good or bad ways , by * themselves * i 'd go so far as to say they 're needed , even though i get your overall feelings . 
  but would you like to see a toothless europe , no coordinated approaches to large common problems and no environmental regulations for example ? 
  no centralization would also hurt trade . 
  i despise the eu at times , often even , but i ca n't really agree with your view either . 
  assuming that was a cynical remark and not one of endorsement : when they feel the need to implement something potentially unpopular , the eu usually pushes these kind of things bit by bit , small slices at a time until there 's no going back , introducing something like this all at once would be way too bold . 
  is it ? 
  this was looked at during the dutch turn at the helm earlier this year and the conclusion was that there was n't any support for pan-eu taxation under both the general population and national politicians . 
  a big problem with the eu right now is that it has both too little and too much authority , leading to an impasse when it comes to big decisions . 
  * if * they decide to go for a two-speed europe , i wonder if the uk joining the eu - `` lite '' would count as leaving the eu and would allow for all involved parties to save face . 
  because you ca n't even link to that publication on this sub apparently , judging by the botmessage i 'm getting . 
  i 'm not really sure , thelocal is considered to be a controversial source for some reason i guess ? 
  no , islamic . 
  or to be more precise , the way islam is interpreted in places like afghanistan and parts of africa . 
  the article went out of its way to stress he had the swiss - nationality - and gave no further information whatsoever , so that 's kind of a dead giveaway . 
  - edit - while i understand your comments , they would have made sense if this was just a single isolated incident . 
  which , looking at what else happened this summer , it of course is n't . 
  just like accusing the media of manipulation like this would be paranoid if it was n't for the events of the past few years . 
  - edit2 - look , i understand . 
  a random murder , oh no , let 's blame the evil brown people . 
  but look at the details here , a harmful fluid was used , combined with a knife attack . 
  i 'm willing to go further then say this was someone with an islamic background , i 'd say this was probably someone from central asia , looking at the m.o. 
  i 'm not suggesting that islam makes people automatically go on a rampage , like mindless zombies , but that there is a problem with mass-immigration of people from areas that have significant problems and with the integration of these people . 
  or even help , like psychological assistance , help with language learning or financial help etc etc. 
  and blatant , blatant censorship is n't helping . 
  nor is assisting or trivializing misogyny driven murder . 
  does n't that make it worse ? 
  you can beat a terrorist group , but if it 's cultural ... 
  i wo n't deny that there 's a chance that there was western involvement , i agree with you that we do too many shady stuff ( and it tends to bite us in the ass ) , i 'm just saying that this picture alone does n't prove anything yet , not because i do n't - want - that be true , but because it does n't make logical sense to draw that conclusion . 
  the us has a base in turkey , its commander was a pro-coup general , of course they would have had meetings with this man , one way or another . 
  of course , that might be a different person , but as this only mentions `` a '' general , it 's going to be likely that it 's him . 
  as for your other remarks , i 'll just assume you were a bit over-emotional when you made them . 
  turkey 's power level , i 'd put you at the same place as . . hmm . 
  big , but not - super - big . 
  even if this picture actually shows what the headline claims , the us cooperates militarily with turkey , why would a meeting like this be strange ? 
  unless it 's a - pattern - of meetings and just with coup-related generals of course , but a single one means very little . 
  juncker is a terrible human being . 
  [ a few selected quotes . 
  i 've seen big topics removed for frivolous , made-up reasons and reinstated again as well , so while there is/are `` activist '' mods who delete and censor , it seems like there 's some disagreement between the mods themselves . 
  i really wish they were more transparent though , it 's hard not to assume the worst when noone talks . 
  kind of figured i 'd be wrong about that , hence the question . 
  trivialize the problem , claim it was inevitable like some force of nature and give the eiffel tower a color du jour . 
  also do n't forget the catchy twitter hashtag .
