  a larger ideology and a term with baggage . 
  - edit - see my reply further down . 
  i still stand by what i said though , i think the actual modern interpretation is more important then figuring out what was - originally - meant . 
  still , i made a mistake here and i should learn how to read better , mea culpa . 
  oh great , the * open society * . 
  destroy your culture , destroy the concept of family , make everyone asexual and androgynous and replace your name with numbers . 
  the russians had some great [ scifi books ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/we_ ( novel \\ ) ) about these kind of creeps early last century . 
  that 's not what the article says though '' ... claims he was told by * bosses * that they were ` recasting it with more women and diversity ' . '', 
  `` he revealed in the newspaper how colleagues had contacted him and shared similar experiences '', 
  when the `` change in programming '' literally means getting rid of someone because of their gender and ethnicity i do n't see how much more smoldering that gun should or * could * get . 
  seems like it was probably made by belgians , kredietkaart is n't a word that 's used in . . err . . * dutch * dutch and look at those small n/b signs , we probably would n't bother to add flemish versions of sentences . 
  it started with [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/54o51j/hello/ ) and snowballed from there . 
  that luchador hacker known as `` los cuatro canales '' again ? 
  i 've heard he has been spreading his evil green chupacabra maymays all around the internets . 
  but it 's not like they 're only in business because the eu gave them money , just like i do n't think the developer of the world famous witcher series needs it either . 
  wow , that was pretty impressive !, 
  i feel like mexicans totally cheat when it comes to food , even simple things look delicious . 
  what would you say is the coolest thing to come out of mexico in the past 10 years ? 
  food/music/tech / whatever-wise . 
  that at least is more effective then taxing and afterwards giving money back again though , just do n't take it in the first place . 
  there 's a dutch expression , * getting a sigar from your own box * that neatly applies there . 
  also , i feel there 's got to be more to it then that , maybe it 's economy of scales , maybe it 's marketing , maybe it 's expertise . 
  but - why - are american games and other cultural expressions doing better ? 
  that to me is a very interesting question that i do n't 100 % have an answer to , but it 's not like they get even * bigger * grants from the us federal gov , so there has to be an underlying reason that is n't addressed by simply fighting symptoms . 
  so that 's why i do n't believe in grants or quotas or measures like that . 
  that * poor misunderstood artist * stereotype is mostly just that , a stereotype . 
  i 'm dutch , we had some pretty good painters and the only one that could apply to was van gogh , and he was a basket case , most others did well for themselves . 
  as for theaters , like i said , politicians should n't fund their hobbies nobody likes with someone else 's money . 
  do n't blame the consumers . 
  you might need an initial impulse , but there 's kickstarter though and that relies on how many people actually want the product , so you do n't have politicians funding their own hobbies . 
  now scientific research , i completely agree with you there , not everything has to be about making money , i just do n't feel that applies to computer games . 
  if consumers really were that awful , why are games like civ popular then ? 
  paradox seems to be doing well , and their games are - really - niche . 
  well if that 's the case , what 's up with the eu awarding seemingly useless grants . 
  see , that 's kind of the problem with these kind of arrangements , companies either do n't need them , or if they do , that means the company 's business model is nonviable . 
  it 'd be cool if companies did n't need eu funding to compete in the first place . 
  `` kind of fucked up '' is the default state of the world , always has been , always will be . 
  i 'd say we 're doing pretty ok-ish actually , at least we 're not dying by the millions through warfare or disease . 
  for the moment . 
  even if , - if - there was an adjusted , why would you go with bright rainbow colors ? 
  that makes no sense because that would n't fit at all , aesthetically , the only thing worse would be replacing them with minions . 
  i personally think earth tones would fit , a dark grey or or perhaps a dark shade of purple . 
  but they are n't presented in that fashion , nor do you have any proof to back up this wild claim , you literally just made this narrative up to feel offended by it . 
  talk about projection . . 
  literally nothing you said here has any factual basis , st. nicolas was a bishop in myra , zwarte pieten are n't slaves and a white person being the main character in a cultural story invented in a white country is n't racist . 
  zp does n't represent africans and even if they did , including non-white characters in one of the most important holidays is actually very progressive . 
  you did n't build a straw man here , you created an entire straw army . 
  how would you say this this `` normalizes slavery '' ? 
  that 's quite the allegation and it 's not like zp is being presented as a stereotype of people with a sub-saharan heritage . 
  jesus h. christ , not this again ... 
  calling people like marine le pen far right deliberately conflates her and her party with the likes of golden dawn , which is intellectually dishonest , shuts down any discussion you might have about the topics she addresses , insults her and her voters and trivializes actual extremism . 
  imagine if every social democrat was called a dangerous social-marxist infiltrator . 
  independence could be declared unilaterally , but in that case i hope catalonia has full control over its police , army , national guard , energy supply , food supply and financial system , because spain will obviously try to make the whole experience as miserable as possible . 
  also , there 's the matter of international recognition , spain is bound to have more clout over other european countries then a startup country has , so like i somewhat jokingly said in another post , you 'll need outside support . 
  latin america perhaps ? 
  or at least - a - form of leverage , i do n't think having a moral right to self governance will be enough to persuade other parties to upset the status quo . 
  ( i really should be sleeping . . ) ok , but if there 's yet another referendum and spain will once again ignore it . . what next ? 
  unless people resort to drastic measures ( and i do n't think there 's an appetite for violence ) it 'll just end in a deadlock and with the movement having reached a dead end at that point momentum can only slowly fall . 
  not directly , but over time that 'll be inevitable without further progress . 
  sure , but from an eu point of view , * if * ( and that will be an assumption for the rest of my post , not a declaration of actual fact ) the goal is to create one country and desolve the existing nations , you ca n't have those same nations completely ignoring your orders , even though they might hate you for it . 
  that 's the dilemma i was talking about , one you can probably only overcome by having an internal or external threat to brute-force compliance in the face of an existential crisis . 
  or by creating them artificially . 
  seems unlikely , otherwise transnistria would be a fully recognized country as well . 
  hence my final sentence . 
  but if we 're going full out here , let 's go with brazil . 
  why not . 
  latin ties but explicitly not spanish . 
  honestly , i think spain will probably just keep on postponing and delaying things until the independence movement runs out of steam , that 'll probably be the most likely outcome . 
  but it 's fun to speculate . 
  countries are usually against foreign independence movements when they have one or more of them themselves , with the uk leaving the eu that might change the situation . 
  and , as you correctly said , since the rest does n't really care , that also means they do n't really care either way . 
  catalonia would probably need to find an influential foreign `` sponsor '' though and i do n't know which country would fit that bill at the moment , especially as that would piss off spain . 
  spain probably also considered dutch independence to be illegal , i think de facto trumps de jure in these kind of cases . 
  hmm , i wonder when the eu , out of fear of the project unraveling , will have harsher punishments for `` noncomplying '' countries . 
  in machiavellian terms , they seem to be less and less loved - and - feared , so there might come a point where the second will become more important then the first . 
  a rather useless campaign against useless laws , but i 'm all for outlawing the hideous crime of shooting selfies . 
  next up on the list , banning vertical videos and the people who make them . 
  alt-right communist islamist terrorists , the lot of them . 
  hmm , good question . 
  google tells me that they might be converted to gas , but that it 's cheaper to just build a new plant . 
  fukushima only had a partial meltdown , but was very close to coming to a * full * meltdown though , which would have contaminated a very large area . 
  not that i 'm anti-nuclear btw , but maybe we should build smaller ones and a lot are still second gen with active safety measures instead of passive ones . 
  oh really ? 
  i 've been hearing how awesome they 'd be for years , long predating reddit . 
  kind of like fusion power in a way , always 30 years in the future . 
  i just thought that the chinese were making progress , but i have n't really been keeping tabs . 
  solar might still work , you do n't need sunshine , just uv . 
  so looking at maps , we get about half the total potential energy then they do in africa . 
  with more and more efficient solar cells that seems doable . 
  but then again , i 'm hardly a scientist . 
  oh , sure , it 's mostly the big guys . 
  still , if everybody thought that way , nothing would happen and more importantly , if this kind of energy is going to be the future it would be profitable to do research and engineering legwork and patent the shit out of that and what better way to test all this then to `` eat your own dog food '' . 
  - edit - not a lot of fans of monty python apparently ? 
  you 'd think we 'd be into turbines but we actually kind of suck when it comes to renewable energy . 
  nuclear energy is . . controversial . 
  there used to be more resistance to the idea because of the association with bombs and the chernobyl accident , that might have weaned somewhat but it still is n't popular . 
  ehh , better than coal i suppose . 
  i 'd be nice to have thorium reactors instead of the regular ones , but beggars ca n't be choosers . 
  do n't you mean * un * pragmatic ? 
  anyway , my biggest problem here is building them in the first place , like a bridge to nowhere or an airport that never opens .
