  while part of the ruling coalition , they 've become mostly invisible under the weak leadership of mr. samsom and i suppose there are people out there who do n't think too highly of the privatization of health care under their watch . 
  i know i do n't . 
  wait , wait , wait . 
  so the crux of the story ( i could have done without the long paragraphs upon paragraphs of angry rambling and swearing ) is that the referendum was invalid because the author feels british nationality and ethnicities do n't exist but they are `` citizens of the world '' instead ? 
  he 's seriously using the same argument as those sovereign citizens in the us or reichsb\u00fcrger in germany ? 
  that 's hilariously misguided , so trapped in their little bubble that they actually think a substantially significant part of the british population would agree with that worldview . 
  looks like it 's not the brexiters doing all the hating and blaming ... 
  only 1 in 10 are even * considering * a move according to the article though , so that 's not quite as alarming as the title suggests . 
  i understand the polish pov here where they 'd end up as outsiders vs an insider clique , but the alternative would be what we have right now and that leads to countries like the uk leaving . 
  that 's not very stable either . 
  apparently something 's got the banks rattled though , otherwise they would n't issue a statement that everything is fine . 
  perhaps they 're worried about the imf and greece ? 
  yes . 
  also , * we * have stroopwaffles . 
  see ? 
  like night and day !, 
  i feel a sudden urge to put large amounts of gel in my hair and get a healthy orange spray tan . 
  what 's up with the misleading title ? 
  it suggests that the french police are saying that policemen `` accidently '' raped someone , which is n't the case at all . 
  i agree . 
  there 's a difference between understanding an argument and agreeing with it though . 
  oh sure , but i kind of already included that in the parentheses . 
  look , i get that the west has an unfortunate tendency to say one thing but to do quite another , regardless of country or political affiliation ( as does the rest of humanity of course ) , but you 're hardly going to change any minds by starting off with an insult . 
  i might have more insightful commentary if i could be bothered to watch the actual video , but i did n't , so i wo n't . 
  op , what * ever * were you trying to achieve here ? 
  that 's on you though , not them . 
  it 's kind of obvious why people could disagree with gay marriage if they view marriage as a religious institute as opposed to a purely social one , but the question here is presented in an obviously emotionally manipulative way to make you respond the way you do and you took the bait , kind of like how the bbc likes to show pictures of small children whenever you are expected to show outrage over something . 
  really sleezy , even if i do n't personally agree with that religious point of view . 
  oh , that 's pretty terrible as well . 
  i 'm not trying to justify russian actions , i 'm saying that we should try to live up to our * own * expectations and standards . 
  was n't foreign interference in local society and politics a bad thing ? 
  but i guess it 's completely different and totally not the same when * we * do it , of course . 
  mostly in a supportive capacity though , in afghanistan at least . 
  you ca n't hold down the fort with spy planes . 
  also , the last time france tried to execute a military operation in libya they went to the americans with their tails between their legs within a month , so i 'm not too hopeful in that regard . 
  mind you , i hope i 'm wrong , because this plan would be the best for all parties involved , a libya that 's been built up instead of tearing apart , no refugees and other immigrants drowning , less social friction in europe itself , win-win-win . 
  hmm , true . 
  there have been some missions , i guess . 
  but yeah , the question remains , who 's up for that task , especially with the us and uk out of the picture , who usually have a more leading role . 
  it 's still something i would fully support btw , this is something that should have been done years ago , would have saved a lot of lives and heartache in general . 
  hell , `` we '' should n't have gotten rid of kadafi . 
  but it 's too late to cry over spilled milk . 
  if the plan is to start refugee camps in libya , how exactly are they going to address the whole libya-being-a-failed-state thing ? 
  surely that would mean maintaining a security presence , something european countries like germany have n't exactly embraced in the past . . well , recent past , anyway . 
  ok , i get where you 're coming from . 
  i. . . was a bit too extreme , however , can you say you - trust - someone who influences things on such a scale ? 
  i 'm talking about depth ( how far he goes in even a single country ) , breadth ( the number of countries ) and the variety of fields here ( social , political , judicial , economical ) . 
  i do n't know anyone who comes close to him , including people like the president of the u.s. or other philanthropists like bill gates . 
  why would i trust someone like this without any checks and balances , without any oversight ? 
  and who operates from the shadows no less . 
  could i be completely wrong about this ? 
  yes . 
  completely . 
  maybe he 's machiavellian , but means well . 
  however , given previous actions like springing the bank of england , without that oversight , i 'm going to assume the worst , because of human nature . 
  if someone might abuse their position , they will , sooner or later . 
  and even with the best of intentions , it quite frankly is not his decision to make , benign nondemocratic intervention is still nondemocratic , that does n't have to include gulags or death camps . 
  it means this is an unelected figure managing the entire west through his political and economic and social influence , using ngo 's and bought politicians as agents . 
  and managing it from a macro and micro level , complete control . 
  and then we moan about one hack , while the us spies on literally everything . 
  can you really not see why the guy who owns the democrats also owning amnesty is a conflict of interests ? 
  it 's not about what he wants . 
  i do n't agree with everything he wants , but hey , i do n't have to . 
  but it 's about the - methods - , the mentality of the goal justifying any means imaginable . 
  also , wikileaks never received information from the russians , obama himself said so during his speech about the subject . 
  which the media neglected to mention of course , but i actually listened to the man himself . 
  as some might have noticed , this is n't a very popular person . 
  i share those sentiments , but i wo n't get into my personal feelings too much , if only because that will convince absolutely noone . 
  instead , i invite you to look at his financial ties , his political involvement and other areas he operates in and draw your own conclusion . 
  screw it , here i go anyway : for example , just a small one , one little country . 
  the official political online advisor that tells you what party to vote for , sponsored by george soros . 
  according to wikileaks , multiple dutch politicians have received money from him . 
  the micromanaging goes further , just like he 's the main sponsor of blm ( and the us democratic party ) , he also sponsors comparable organisations over here , who got into trouble with the law , which was denounced by amnesty . 
  which he 's a main sponsor of . 
  some newspapers do n't go along with this , soros ' open society is funding a campaign to starve the country 's biggest newspaper from advertisers . 
  during the ukrain referedum , he was the primary sponsor of the pro camp . 
  it goes on and on . 
  and this is just a small little country and this is the level on which he operates . . and russian hackers are supposed to be the real foreign influence ? 
  that 's bizarre , not because they do n't try to influence western elections , of course they do , but because of the complete lack of comprehension of scale . 
  beware this man . 
  and beware the `` open society '' , that 's as much a codeword as 14/88 is . 
  poor rutte , tries to pull a little pr stunt , it immediately gets overshadowed by a cover-up scandal involving his party colleagues . 
  ah , elections . 
  always fun . 
  more or less a fact = not even properly in the planning phase ? 
  look , i 'd love to see this happen , but the esa has been mentioning this idea for a while now and so far , it 's about as concrete as mars one . 
  there is n't even a capability to launch humans into space without russian help and given the current political climate , that 's not something you want to depend on . 
  he was part of the dutch government when he joined a coalition with the vvd and cda , those were actual results . 
  well , for as long as * that * lasted , anyway . 
  that 's when polls notoriously underestimated him , because people would n't tell pollsters who they would actually vote for , so as a result they artificially raise his numbers , leading to the opposite effect . 
  makes sense . 
  russia has bombed al bab before , turkey and the fsa also stopped attacking the kurds and vice versa , so a deal has been struck there between various sides and that was a while ago now . 
  what 's more important i think is that the us no longer plays a role with the amount of importance they had before , which will only be compounded by the isolationist attitude trump has . 
  ( which makes allegations of him being a warmonger very strange indeed , especially considering the role clinton played in making the me unstable . ), 
  a double edged sword , because the power vacuum that could create and the uncertainty of what actors would replace them . 
  is a me dominated by russia turkey and iran better then one under the us and saudia arabia ? 
  or just ... different ? 
  makes sense , otherwise they 'll always remain a proxy for local national elections , delegitimizing the ep . 
  which is one of the reasons i 'm fairly anti-eu , time and again it proves it does n't have its ducks in a row , making it some kind of anti-synergy . 
  addressing things like this would go a long way in restoring trust , at least on my part , are there any actual plans for this ?
