  several large powers , with the us being the biggest among its peers . 
  as for a resurgent russia , i do n't really see that happening , they have a relatively small economy and a decreasing population . 
  they were mentioned , but it was n't exactly high on the list . 
  people cared more about the overall state of the economy , health care , integration , safety , taxation , education . 
  just about anything but that . 
  climate change was n't a pressing issue either , unfortunately . 
  that argument would make sense if he was dismissing an unknown source , but when that source is notoriously unreliable and known for its ideological extremism , surely that is something that should be taken into account , if not as a reason to outright dismiss the article then at least as a reason to doubt it ? 
  btw , i 'd say the article is fairly inaccurate by deliberately taking things out of context . 
  i 'm fairly certain that not wanting to censor an historic piece of art does n't make you racist for example . 
   `` the pvv lost a third after it supported a conservative cabinet committed to implementing wide-ranging austerity '' ' the pvv lost seats because they refused to cooperate with austerity measures , causing the ruling coalition to collapse . 
  instead of focusing on symptoms , like the parties described in the article , perhaps it would be wiser to look at why the traditional working class friendly parties lost support in the first place . 
  take a look at the dutch labour party for example , the biggest news to come out of the elections is their enormous loss . 
  no longer is it one of the main pillars of dutch politics , something it has been for about as long as i can remember , but it has been relegated to the margins now , being overtaken not only by the traditional right wing , by non-traditional right wing parties , but also by parties that until recently would have been seen as more fringe left wing parties . 
  by going along with things like health care privatisation and by trying to be too many things to too many people , they lost focus and ended up not being enough for anyone at all . 
  it 's time for centrist en centre-left parties to do some soul searching , not to point fingers and blame . 
   individual behind paris incidents today was radicalised muslim man known to intelligence services , a police source tells reuters . 
  and  individual who shot at policemen in an earlier incident in northern paris was the same man as orly airport attacker , according to a police source . 
  source : [ france24 ] ( http://www.france24.com/en/20170318-live-man-shot-paris-orly-airport-after-grabbing-soldier-gun-france ) - edit - more details  `` at 8:23 am , a man was watching the sentinelle special force from a kiosk on the first floor of the south terminal at orly airport . 
  he was waiting for them to pass by , and once they had , he tried to strangle a female soldier and grab her weapon . 
   the other two soldiers immediately aimed their guns at him . 
   the attacker bent down trying to catch either the soldier 's weapon or something else in his bag . 
  at that point the attacked soldier managed to crawl to the side . 
   when the attacker pointed his gun at the soldiers , at least one of special forces fired shots to neutralise him . '', 
  this is probably pretty arrogant of me , but with the public being bombarded by so much information nowadays , they care about what happened up to 1 month ago and that 's about it . 
  his short term success depends on that hype-du-jour ( he 's being swinging up and down and up and down accordingly ) , his long term on the amount of those crisis ' he can profit from . 
  he just needs to get `` lucky '' when it comes to when the elections are . 
  he deliberately blew up the coalition in 2012 , leading to new elections . 
  that might have caused him some bad mojo , especially under people who cared more for his strong man angle than his economic policies . 
  not a lot , and that 's kind of the point in a way . 
  while there was bound to be a small influence of course , wilders ' success hardly was related to british and american events , but that was something that was being repeated over and over again by those groups , even before mainstream media started picking up that narrative , who apparently liked it . 
  or maybe it was the other way around , does n't really matter all that much . 
  it would have been perfect it the election was half a year ago , he 's lost steam because it 's mostly the reactionary vote that he gets , so he would have profited from the refugee crisis and terror attacks , something he could n't do this time because of how well the pm handled the turkey issue . 
  as for wilders ' long term chances , demographic changes are bound to help him or people like him if they lead to tensions between different ethnicities , so it really depends on how well that 's handled . 
  but wilders is n't a reaction to trump , unless trump has a time machine in his tower . 
  and his popularity spike was n't because of british or american events , but because of the refugee crisis and the string of near-daily terror attacks . 
  so it very much * seems * to just be a meme . 
  just like him losing is , if this is losing , he 'd wish he lost every election this way , 'till he lost himself all the way to prime minister . 
  ok , last time i 'll stress this : wilders gained 5 seats in the election and is now the second biggest , rutte lost 8 but is still firmly in command , but the biggest loser of the election was labour with -29 seats . 
  somehow turning this into wilders being the one defeated here is strange to me , i understand that foreign media want to make it about themselves and that more left-leaning commentators in the netherlands think like this as well , but let 's just stand still for a minute here , think about what happened . 
  trump , brexit , wilders , le pen . 
  populist dominos . 
  places like the_donald and / pol / * memed * this idea into their heads . . and it worked !, 
  people completely fell for it . 
  hook , line and sinker . 
  with the unfortunate side-effect of `` trump is a symptom of anger about the political duopoly , superpacs and complacent copypaste journalism '' turning into `` populism ! '', 
  and `` people were afraid of losing autonomy because the eu plans even further integration without clearly explaining what that would entail '' into `` populism ! '', 
  it would n't have made a difference . 
  worst case scenario , the pvv could have tried to form a zero chance coalition for a few days and the `` rainbow '' or conservative variant would have happened anyway , his natural ( big ) allies are the vvd and cda and they do n't want to work with him anymore . 
  he pulled the plug on the coalition the last time they cooperated . 
  the nazis actually used the swastika in multiple ways , clockwise , counter clockwise , straight and at a 45 degree angle . 
  this has to be the first time in recent history that enschede went for something else than the pvda . 
  wilders also did better than i expected , almost beating the vvd . 
  despite their heavy accents and errors , i could more or less make out what they were saying . 
  which actually is pretty amazing and a lot better than i expected !, 
  they should have gone with aboutaleb . 
  hell , i 'm not exactly a pvda'er and * i * would have voted for him . 
  but i guess hindsight is 20/20 . 
  hmm . 
  kind of , i feel that the political aspirations of the eu go a lot farther than that though . 
  - that 's - the thing a lot of people are not really keen on . 
  like a multispeed europe ... 
  but then again , what is a multispeed europe . 
  europe a la carte ? 
  is n't that what we already have with all those opt-outs ? 
  an embryonic euro federation ? 
  one that turns member states in provinces , but that has so much clout it would trample over everyone not part of it ? 
  some clarity would be nice . 
  it would have been nice ever since the failed constitutional referendum . 
  cooperate , sure . 
  start a project here or there , hey why not . 
  have some armies work together , share intelligence . 
  but nobody wants to transfer large amounts of authority to the eu , the only ones that clearly were in favor of that during the debates was d66 , the rest made it pretty clear that the eu should mostly focus on its core tasks instead of expanding those . 
  so yes , working together is fine and needed , something with all eu countries , sometimes with smaller groups , but this is a far cry from support for federalization , something the eu will be pushing for in the future . 
  is this how they 're going to play it ? 
  deescalate by - pretending - they got an apology to save face ? 
  apparently , because what was printed here is factually incorrect . 
  that 's not really an opinion dependent thing . . 
  the writer of this article seems pretty uninformed . 
  the coalition needs 6 parties ? 
  and apparently it 's already known which parties will join ? 
  and they all support further european integration ? 
  that 's just not true at all . 
  i 'm very disappointed by the way a lot of foreign media covered this , they projected their own political systems and problems onto ours and now are just seeing what they want to see . 
  i 've been paying attention and have noticed that they 've slowly been moving towards a more centrist position , making them more akin to a green d66 . 
  and the vvd has been in a coalition with labor , so they 're not adverse to joining up with left-wingers either . 
  having said that , with the - current - outcome and not yesterday evening 's numbers , it 's not looking terribly likely anymore . 
  the cu might be a better match for both the vvd and the cda . 
  i can think of a lot of things i could call them . 
  nothing i can repeat in polite company , though . 
  is n't that the slovenian flag though ? 
  looks like the russian one but has this little thingie in the top left corner ? 
  ... geography was so much easier during the cold war . 
  depends on the motif . 
  being junior partners usually does n't end up that well , however , i think that they 'd have a bigger chance to permanently replace the pvda if they actually had experience governing the country for a while instead of just being opposition . 
  man , that must really suck for gl , their position looked a lot stronger last night , to the point that i actually considered them a likely candidate . 
  what labor stands for ? 
  that 's a really good question . 
  i do n't know , and at the moment , neither do they . 
  nice !, 
  one nitpick though , the colors in `` smaller left-wing parties '' seem to suggest that the category includes the cda .
