  also democracy as we have it is derived from the trust the people give to politicians as opposed to divine right or the rule of the strongest . 
  it 's only fair that the ones who are being governed over give their consent . 
  on the radio they were talking about a station that was expecting a turnout of over 200 % . 
  but with fireworks suddenly exploding in stadium in the final few minutes , brought in by supports from a third club . 
  it takes that long before the results are completely official , but we usually know the outcome the same night / next day . 
  `` to look/looking what it becomes '' - wait and see . 
   there is no real democracy in europe . 
  hey , what about switzerland ? 
   the european president is unelected . 
  there certainly is a democratic deficit , but the european presidents ( plural ) are president as in leader of an organization , not president as in leader of a country . 
   at the ukrain referendum the dutch voted no , but the government did not accept the result . 
  the referendum was n't binding and the government apparently thought they addressed the outcome by receiving certain assurances . 
  i disagree and think the way this was resolved was a farce , however , that 's now for the voter to decide and i expect they just care more about other issues . 
   the democracy is mostly fake in europe . 
  well . . * pretty * fake , but not * mostly * fake ? 
  at least they have to give the * impression * of caring . 
   most europeans are too stupid to understand the game of politics . 
  that line of thinking is getting too prevalent nowadays . 
  some ultra-progressives think the same thing for example , if you disagree you must be stupid , you 're deficient somehow . 
  and that sucks . 
  there 's a saying that the worst argument against democracy is a five minute talk with the average voter . 
  i disagree . 
  i think that the - best - argument is that talk , because if you - talk - with each other instead of yelling - at - each other , you 'll see that the other guy or gal has an argument , just like you have . 
  true , but that process needs some rules though . 
  the way the hillary camp , democrat leaders and certain media collaborated to ensure bernie sanders did n't get a foothold was n't exactly a shining beacon of democracy . 
  the situation in france and the netherlands are n't completely comparable though , those turkish ministers were banned from entering the netherlands after turkey threatened with economic sanctions , not the other way around . 
  which part was unreasonable ? 
  she said that the calculations only look as fiscal consequences and not social or environmental ones , they are incomplete because they only take the netherlands into consideration and not a broader european and worldwide context , they operate under economic assumptions that the cpb itself says are not set in stone . 
  and something not on this page , but what she said during debates , you can calculate all the details in great length , but when a coalition is formed all your existing plans get thrown out of the window , making the focus on those details meaningless . 
  which is why no other country on earth follows this procedure . 
  again , you may not agree , but it seems fairly rational . 
  not all parties have ruling the country as their political aim . 
  and take [ this statement ] ( https://www.partijvoordedieren.nl/standpunt/geen-doorrekening-cpb ) from ms. thieme about cpb calculations for example . 
  you might not fully agree with what she says . 
  i do n't . 
  but does that sound like the ramblings of an unhinged extremist to you ? 
  the netherlands wo n't be leaving the eu , that 's not something wilders can change . 
  almost every single party except for d'66 made it a point to tell potential voters that they are against transferring more authority to the eu though and both the vvd and cda have copied pvv points to steal away voters . 
  so if people are relieved tomorrow that wilders has n't `` won '' ( which he wo n't ) , you might still get unpleasantly surprised in the long run . 
  depending on your political pov of course , maybe you 'd be absolutely ecstatic . 
  or more likely , you probably do n't have strong feelings either way . 
  add a dynamo , you 'd solve the world 's energy crisis . 
  thanks !, 
  i love all those secret features reddit silver gives me !, 
  i 'm skimming through it and that list is n't exactly convincing . 
  while there are * some * things on there that might raise an eyebrow , it mostly just seems to assume that if you 're not a globalist , you must be a fascist . 
  or if you do n't like abstract art , you apparently are one as well . 
  while i disagree with you on why people voted a certain way , i * do * have to say that the way those referendums were organized was mindbogglingly stupid . 
  like the brexit for example , constitutional changes usually require a supermajority , but this only required 50 % . 
  oh , people are upset now - * what a surprise * - . 
  i do n't share their enthusiasm for the eu ( anymore ) , they have always strongly promoted more direct methods of democracy like referendums , yet when they do n't like the outcome they suddenly are against them and they 're a bit too right wing on economic issues sometimes . 
  i used to be a d66 voter , but i 've kind of `` fallen from my religion '' . 
  [ the only viable coalitions include their party ] ( https://www.allepeilingen.com/index.php/mogelijke-coalities-peilingen-politieke-partijen-alle-peilingen.html ) , so they do n't even need a push , they just need to not catastrophically collapse 1 day before the election . 
  and since they 're not the pvda , i think they 'll be just fine  . 
  yeah , more or less . 
  we learn german in school though and a default cable package includes german tv , so that certainly helps things . 
  also , the local dialect where i live is platt and it 's right next to the german border , a hollander might have a harder time for example . 
  danish . 
  you 're supposed to confuse us with the danish . 
  come on , they ca n't even get * that * right . 
  march 10th 2017 - [ turkey : un report details allegations of serious rights violations in country 's southeast ] ( http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?newsid=56330 ) . 
  have a good one . 
  - stealth edit sorry last one , you probably wo n't read this , too much drama - ah , a pacifist , not just being needlessly cryptic . 
  you know what ? 
  that 's cool man , you do your thing . 
  maybe i 'm wrong about humanity . 
  i do n't think so though , but it 's nice to know some people are optimistic . 
  the cold war is back in style , and everybody has changed seats like a game of musical chairs . 
  the . . let 's see . . this time it the - left - . 
  what are we afraid of ? 
  yes , domino theory !, 
  well , cnn left , anyway . 
  hope others are a bit less silly . 
  you ca n't make laws against one country , that seems incredibly unfair . 
  there is a reason why you 'd want to do that , outlaw that reason instead . 
  does this mean that it - wo n't - happen or just that it will be part of negotiations ? 
  that can now start earlier , which is what the eu wanted , an early decision on invoking article 50 . 
  devil 's advocate : while i agree , what about other allied nations ? 
  should a german-american dual nationality be allowed ? 
  french-new zealandic ? 
  and how would * they * react ? 
  what about nations that automatically `` grant '' nationality though blood , like morocco ? 
   are you saying a certain part of our society needs the freedom to go after that drive for power or competition , or something like that ? 
  i 'm saying that this is a part of human nature , and that channeling that perhaps darker part of us is better than trying to suppress it and failing . 
   if you 're using reddit as part of a recruitment drive . . 
  i do n't understand why you would think along those lines . 
  i told you my ideas , i did n't call on other people to follow them . 
  i 'm even saying you should have your own ideas and explore them . 
   freedom is a very abused word . 
  i grew up with the idea that my neighbour 's freedom ends where mine begins . 
  i am certain that if you are part of the eu , your first step will be to fight your own citizens to achieve your goal . 
  who ? 
  what ? 
  where ? 
  what goal ? 
   a small number of individuals might try and instigate conflict with our neighbours , but i would sooner ally with other peace minded individuals from other nations than base my alliances on some genetic , linguistic or geographical basis . 
  you fundamentally miss what i 'm talking about here , i 'm talking about individual freedom . 
  that does n't exclude working together . 
  btw , this has nothing to do with russia and turkey or whatever anymore , i 'm talking about general worldviews here . 
  just to get that out of the air . . oh dear god , you might interpret that as `` worldview !,
