  one is a subset of the other , like apples vs fruit . 
  unless you think migrant has become a loaded term , but what other word would cover the overall concept ? 
  because i do n't have a time machine nor am i clairvoyant . 
  you realize the logical impossibility of having proof of future events right ? 
  yes , i completely agree . 
  ehh . . well it 's kind of hard to answer that , because while i personally do n't really see the point of a political eu that repeatedly fails to meet any and all challenges presented to it , i can also see that i would be projecting my own feelings about the project onto it and ultimately that 's not up to me but the member states . 
  no , but there are also other skeptical countries like poland . 
  that seems like a rather hard thing to prove one way or another . 
  but that way half the countries would leave , hurting the eu in the process . 
  and who gets to decide what the purpose of the eu is in the first place ? 
  surely - all - of its members , right ? 
  it 's obvious different countries expect completely different things from the eu , ca n't even agree on the very nature of what it is and should be and both `` sides '' feel the other is dragging them down . 
  why not give everybody what they want ? 
  oh dear , i understand why , but i kind of hope they do n't , an eu dominated by just france and germany is n't exactly something i 'm looking forward to . 
  i really hope a two-tier eu becomes a thing so they 'll stay . 
  thank you , kind sir / madam . 
  come and explain to the locals over here in twente that they live in holland and that they 're hollanders . 
  i doubt it 'll go over very well . . 
  but then again , we 're basically faux-germans anyway :d . 
  iceburn and ironforge . 
  so cool . 
  i see / cirkeltrek is leaking again ;-) how gezellig . 
  cyrillic looks cool , you could post what you had for lunch today and it would still look awesome . 
  i 'm so triggered right now i might need a safe space  . 
  somehow , calling it * hollandia * instead of holland or hollandska or something makes it sound even worse . 
  yes . 
  in dutch the ij combination both is and is n't considered to be a single letter . 
  it 's complicated , but it only really matters when it comes to capitalization and sorting order , because it 's filed either under i or under y which only makes sense when you see it in written form , because it looks like a y with two dots on it . 
  * ijsbrand * is a cool old-timey name , * ijs * means ijzer in modern dutch/iron , * brand * means fire and is the modern word for it as well , but it could also mean things forged in fire like swords ( apparently , i just looked up the etymology ) , so the name means iron sword ( / iron forged ) . 
  i love germany and i expect ( or at least hope ) most europeans are able to distinguish between its political leaders and its people and culture . 
  kind of like the way some people see the u.s. , 
  * germany * is , this would never be handled this way over here in the netherlands . 
  assuming the article is accurate of course , the media tends to be a bit liberal with the truth at times . 
  not according to the article , just verbal insults . 
  it mentions a youtube video , but does n't link to it . 
  an unknown woman called merkel a traitor to her people and a stupid slut during a protest , the police consider this to be an `` attack on german constitutional institutions '' and she might potentially get three months to five years . 
  the 70s and 80s might have been a lot more turbulent but compared to the 90s things certainly have gotten a lot more heated . 
  also , the ira and eta were n't nearly as international as modern religiously motivated terrorism is . 
  i also have a suspicion social media might have made us more skittish . 
  the 70s and 80s numbers include domestic political terrorism though , which while still obviously being terrorist is of an entirely different nature than what we 're seeing right now . 
  an ira fighter is n't going to bomb france or norway . 
  oh dear , i 'm not going to be very original here : when i hear austria i think of mountains , pastries , vienna and endless waltz dancing . 
  you 're basically seen as germans but not germans , but mostly people over here just do n't think about austria at all . 
  but really , how can you realistically generalize an entire state in a sentence or small paragraph without it being inane stereotypical garbage ? 
  i could n't answer those kind of questions in any meaningful way even for my own native country . 
  america is a pretty big place , some of it is very urban , some of it is very rural , so i think that it 's very hard to have a one-size-fits-all solution to this issue . 
  having said that , as far as i can tell obama 's plan was more about screening buyers and not outright banning guns ? 
  that seems reasonable . 
  i personally do n't have strong feeling one way or the other on this though , because guns are such a non-issue here , they do n't exist on anyone 's political radar , no matter how extreme or marginal the party is . 
  yep , looks like it . 
  that probably should n't be a problem though , unless they hook those machines up to the internet or something and doing that with a power plant would be all kinds of retarded , no matter the os . 
  it 's obviously not the - main - reason , but it was n't exactly helpful either and shows a lack of any kind of long term planning and grasping of the bigger picture . 
  not just her fault though , let 's just say that the current crop of european politicians are n't the finest generation our continent has ever seen ... 
  i 'm european ( / western ) but dutch first . 
  your own political leaning and apparent prejudice seem to make you blind to how both identities can be true at the same time . 
  also , if the eu fails europeans , europeans should `` fail '' the eu . 
  the eu does not equal europe nor is being against the eu being against european cooperation . 
  was balkenende really that bad though ? 
  i mean , he was stiff and awkward , yes , but i would n't call him an incompetent pm . 
  so what would you call the cda and the other christian parties or the pvv then ? 
  holland number one baby !, 
  how exactly has there been a shift ? 
  putin is really shitty , but is is significantly worse . 
  just like a thief is better than a rapist , which in turn is better than being a serial killer . 
  it 's all bad but there 's still a difference . 
  although there officially - is - such a thing as a dutch keyboard layout , it 's so obscure i literally only saw one of those keyboards in my entire life . . and had to do office work on it too . 
  kind of infuriating when you have to send e-mail and ca n't even find the @ - symbol . 
  yeah , i think so . 
  honestly , i 'm not really sure why gay rights organizations are up in arms against this ( lack of ) change , you 'd think hiv awareness and being open and honest about the risks would be something they 'd agree with . 
  * `` however , the men must have not had any male partners for 12 months before donating to be considered acceptable donors . 
  '' * so basically nothing changed , the change was mostly symbolic . 
  officially that 's still unknown , but given how only a big player could attack them and only for a damn good reason , you can bet it would be , because doing that would probably be a prelude to a large military attack . 
  hmm , that would be for gps satellites of course . 
  i guess you could get away with blowing up a satellite that is n't supposed to exist anyway . 
  ah ok , you meant it the other way around . 
  your comment could be read both ways , russians thwarting americans vs americans thwarting russians . 
  would n't russian drones use glonass instead of gps ? 
  three , we border france on the other side of the planet . 
  imo , critics consider it yet another expansion of the eu and this is an anti eu vote , it 's not really about ukraine itself . 
  that subreddit seems deader than a door nail though . 
  / r/europeanfederalists / seems like a more active circlejerky place , you know , if that 's your thing . 
  so white men are sexist because they did n't vote for her and they did n't vote for her because they 're sexist . 
  that 's a nice example of circular reasoning you 've got going right there . 
  people have a lukewarm support for the eu because being part of the eu makes perfect economic and strategic sense . 
  most do n't want to see deeper integration though , no federalism and there 's no love for the project in general , this deal is very much a marriage of convenience . 
  when it 's a * de facto * eu army , the details probably wo n't matter that much . 
  well , first of all , i do n't really see that happening on that time scale , the first work of fiction to feature robots or at least the word robot , rur , was about the effects of replacing all manual labor with them . 
  i do agree though that this is something that - will - happen eventually , but i 'd argue that we 'd need an * actual * left even more in that scenario , with all labor replaced by capital that is in the hands of an even more powerful group of elites . 
  yes , there potentially wo n't be hunger or even much need in general but that 's still a struggle between those with power and those without , the gilded cage notwithstanding , their power and influence neutered by having to hold up their hands and beg to get what they need to survive from an entity they do n't own . 
  the left needs to not abandon its integrity . 
  we are now in a position where a lot of progressives are pro establishment and apparently hate the working class with a fervor and a lot of right wingers are against military imperialism and unchecked capitalism buying government influence . 
  yes , that 's not quite the only difference between the sides , so it 's not a complete swap , but still , what a joke . 
  they 're 200k votes apart with 92 % of the results in and the projection according to cnn is that trump will actually win the popular vote as well . 
  i ca n't really agree with any of the options you gave , if i had to label i 'd go for semi-democratic instead . 
  it could be a hell of a lot better and certainly does n't live up to the standards i 'm used to or expect , but it could also be * substantially * worse . 
   the netherlands has a veto over all of europe though . 
  it needs unanimous approval , without the dutch parliament and senate approval , the eu can not enforce the treaty . 
  that the thing i 'm scared of though , i know that you 're absolutely right about that , but i 'm afraid that 's what 's going to happen anyway . 
  its not like the dutch government would be willing to throw a fuss about something they do n't even support themselves . 
  i hope you 're right , i really do , because i believe that would be the best outcome , but there 's a lingering suspicion i have that all of this was just rhetoric and the pm is just stalling until it no longer is a hot issue and the treaty has already been implemented for such a long time that retroactively changing things no longer is an option and the lack of a dutch parliamentary endorsement of the treaty might very well just get ignored .
