   `` you should n't abuse labels incorrectly by calling people far left ''  unironically uses the term alt-right, 
  why would you want integration and free schooling for illegal immigrants though ? 
  it 's not like this applies to all non-french or non-western citizens , the bbc only deliberately presented it that way in order to get the kind of reaction you 're giving right now . 
  you should probably be upset at the them for deliberately lying , not at le pen . 
  you should probably also a bit miffed at the mod that labeled this only as ` title changed ' , not ` incorrect ' or ` misleading ' or something along those lines . 
  - edit - props to mods for rectifying the label . 
   in addition to the dutch , several governments including sweden are unlikely to back the commission 's proposals . 
   in order to win the backing of reluctant central and eastern countries , she raised the possibility of withholding $ 63.4 billion of eu cohesion funds if they do n't support the plan . 
  sounds like we 're hardly the only ones with reservations when it comes to yet another form of eu expansion . 
  not germanic enough , does n't use any crazy compoundwordsoupdonaudampfschifffahrtsgesellschafttentententoonstelling . 
  - edit - now featuring a sweet triple fff combo . 
  if you are refering to the dutch referendum on the eu-ukraine agreement , the `` no '' camp won that one . 
  while the outcome of that vote was non-binding , it does mean that the netherlands has n't ratified the treaty yet , which requires unanimous approval . 
  careful , or next time i 'll just end my indirect question with an interrobang . 
  and type then instead of than . 
  this is n't just about trump and the brexit though , there is a larger pattern that started in continental european countries and has been going on for over a decade . 
  remember the european constitution for example . 
  as things are - right now - the one in the top left is actually juuust below the line . 
  in this case , even more tiny parties might join that coalition , they might try to form a minority government with senate majority support or wilders might become `` kingmaker '' , forcing others to join him out of necessity and which would mean that unlike last time he was part of a government he would n't have to make concessions . 
  i do n't think things will stay exactly the way they are right now , the current trend could die down , making it possible to form a viable coalition against him again , or he might gain even more , but i suspect that might depend on whether or not there 'll be another big event , like a political scandal or a terrorist attack . 
  this is n't just a single event though , taken by itself , sure , you are absolutely right , but it 's also part of a bigger trend , one that might not even be the prime motivator , but something that tips the scales enough to upset the current balance . 
   alle peilingen van mogelijke coalities all polls of possible coalitions  laatste peiling update : 14 uur geleden latest poll update : 14 hours ago  tweede kamer verkiezingen in : 3 maanden house of representatives election in : 3 months -- coalitions need to get more then 75 seats for a majority , that 's the black line -- tk = tweede kamer , `` second chamber '' / house of representatives ek = eerste kamer , `` first chamber '' / senate the names in parenthesis are coalition nicknames pvv nationalist party cda moderate christian democrats cu left wing moderate christians vvd moderate conservatives/classical liberals d66 progressive liberal democrats pvda labour/social democrats sp socialist party gl left wing environmentalists pvdd animal rights part 50 + elderly rights part, 
  oh sure , nobody knows what the future holds , right ? 
  interesting times . 
  the problem with the pvv situation is that forming a coalition against him is nearly impossible with the current poll numbers due to heavy fragmentation . 
  [ a list of possible combinations ] ( https://www.allepeilingen.com/index.php/mogelijke-coalities-peilingen-politieke-partijen-alle-peilingen.html ) . 
  it 's also hard to form one - with - him . 
  watch out belgium , we just might break your record !, 
  i think the bigger picture here and the current political wave in the west in general is n't left vs right wing * per se * , but more about establishment vs populism / globalism vs localism . 
  hofer still got 46 % of the vote though , not a exactly whopping defeat . 
  le pen probably wo n't win , but wilders is leading the polls with momentum on his side , at the moment at least . 
  and if demographic shifts are the underlying cause , this is something that 's only going to grow stronger if not addressed . 
  deliberate , i did n't want to go full lizard people and too many of them would look silly . 
  well , looks like today was 50/50 . 
  take your wins where you can get them ... or / pol / * and * ( ( soros ) ) btfo , whatever floats your boat . 
  only for kangaroos . 
  erhm , yes ? 
  i can think of several reasons why different groups would decide to vote when they did n't before , or vice versa . 
  i do n't believe the change can be attributed to _ just _ people who suddenly changed their minds . 
  did you read what you linked ? 
  given the results last time , i would have expected this to be a lot closer . 
  i wonder if voter turnout was a factor ? 
  dat bus at the end tho , apparently the spanish have invented a bus/submarine hybrid ? 
  hang on , there 's a difference between being afraid of terrorism vs acknowledging it exists as a threat . 
  there is a difference between accidents and a string of premeditated murders , which also betray an underlying far greater problem , not being able to handle immigration . 
  as for your other remarks about police state activity , preaching to the choir here . 
  i agree , most measures taken are quite deliberately not about terrorism , but are all about control on a scale previously only seen in countries like eastern germany or china . 
  western reporting on the syria conflict has been absolutely awful , the propaganda is reaching `` there are no tanks in baghdad '' levels of absurdity . 
  but hey , a clown died in aleppo !, 
  - edit - for updated maps on the actual situation on the ground see : [ globaleventmap ] ( https://globaleventmap.org/#!area=1&amp;overview=1&amp;lat=35.230330551505105&amp;lng=42.44204458485296&amp;zoom=7 ) and [ livemap ] ( http://syria.liveuamap.com/ ), 
  are you seriously going to trivialize the chances of terrorist attacks happening in europe after major events in england , spain , france and a summer of almost daily atrocities ? 
  i agree with authorities using this as an excuse to roll out 1984-style mass surveillance though . 
  but the dirty part is because the origin story has been amended a few times to sever links between zwarte piet and african roots . 
  it literally exists to - not - be racist . 
   the suggestion in the end of simply having a dirty face and avoiding black stereotypes seems to be perfectly fine . 
  i actually agree with that , to some degree . 
  if zwarte piet is a character that is derived from wodan 's black ( black as in color black , not racially black ) helpers it does n't need the anglo-american-blackface/moorish-gaper-style influence to still stay the same character . 
  that does n't mean that painting your face black is by definition racist though , just that the wigs and lips are . . eh . . well , we could without them ? 
  i 'd be ok with a sensible compromise , as long as the conversation does n't start with `` you are racists , let me tell you why '' . 
  the look predates colonial times though . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gaper so no , it 's not clear at all . 
  honestly , you really need something better to convince people then `` because we say so '' and biased and factually incorrect one-sided bashing . 
  hang on , a custom should n't have to `` justify '' its right to exist , you 're supposed to prove why it 's wrong . 
  you ca n't let the conclusion be your axiom , that 's crazy circular reasoning , completely backwards . 
  that 's the reform that will reset the maximum number of terms served so erdogan can rule for another 10 years , right ? 
  it 's a good thing russia has them somewhat leashed right now , just look at how quickly this week 's decision that assad had to be removed from power was overturned , took them , what , one day and a phone call from moscow ? 
  we just give him a blank cheque and stern letters . 
  makes sense , better make sure olicity does n't reappear in the next season before dedicating a museum to him . 
  wilders is now nr . 
  1 in the [ polls ] ( https://www.allepeilingen.com/ ) with a sharp rise in his numbers the past few weeks , completely contradicting this article , which mentions him as well . 
  what do they mean by `` essential '' ? 
  i mean , do i think the country i live in should be democratic ? 
  i most certainly do . 
  will i _ literally die _ the very instant the country i live in is n't one ? 
  do i fully support western democracies - as we have them right now - ? 
  oh , the games we play . 
  nope , ca n't say that i do either . 
  so as always with these kind of polls , a vague question . 
  you 're right , looking away is n't exactly smart nor is it helpful , but half the problems in the middle east are caused by people trying to be a bit too clever for their own good . 
  every major player is involved in syria right now , acting as a proxy war battle royale of just about everybody vs everybody vs everybody . 
  is this really helping ? 
  not all of them , but they are being led by them . 
  imagine if the rebels win , how stable will the country be with all these groups at eachother 's throats ? 
  it 'll just devolve into a war again . 
  is the `` assad question '' one that needs to be dealt with though ? 
  look at those so-called moderate rebels we support , they 're a group that can barely work together and are being led by * literal al-qaeda * . 
  you 'd think western countries would have learned from previous misadventures in the middle east , putting the jihadi warlords in power * probably is n't a smart idea * . 
  using an unreliable partner that apparently likes to invade other countries to subjegate minorities they hate because of self professed neo-imperialism probably is n't a good idea either . 
  and that 's being conflated with actual investigative journalism that does n't fit the correct narrative . 
  the level of main stream journalism has been getting appalling these past few years , passing editorials , human interest fluff , ideological feel good stories and ap copy pasta as news , no wonder people are looking for other sources . 
  oh no , not the russians and the fakenews . 
  fakenews is badfacts and thoughtcrimes . 
  a sizable portion of those are from other european countries though , people from the nema region , subsaharan africa or central asia are going to be a lot harder to assimilate then people from other western nations are , so while not completely apples vs oranges , not the same thing either . 
  could make sense , you 'd find other figures when you only choose urban kids for example , but the overall demographic shift only becomes visible when older generations die and the newer ones start getting kids . 
  that , and you 'd still end up with 20 to 25 percent with non-german cultural roots assuming germany follows the same pattern that other european countries do , not 50 + or something . 
  potentially really problematic when assimilation breaks down though . 
  allright , not - pure - black and white , nothing is , but to go from brutal dictator to everything is morally grey to he actually was a great guy is pretty repulsive . 
  what , it worked for springtime for hitler . 
  sheesh , critics . 
  sounds good to me .
