  if you want to seem a bit more intellectual , say something about how people should n't react in a way that does n't strike your personal fancy or indeed react at all because that 's what the terrorist - want - you to do and add something about our freedom . 
  time to go and play a video game , i 'm getting cynical again . 
  hmm , interesting . 
  while not really knowing a lot about estonia i always mentally pigeonholed it as a baltic slovenia , so i 'm kind of surprised here . 
  why the high numbers ? 
  if i 'd have to guess i 'd probably say russians but that 's really a big assumption on my part and i might be completely wrong about that of course . 
  just - say - you have those bombs there , that 's a lot cheaper and safer . 
  hell , for all i know , that might already be the case . 
  this referendum was caused by the way the eu functions , if anything , it show that removing democracy too far away from the general public creates instability , you 're just blaming the symptom here . 
  and the reaction to an unwanted referendum would be stifling people 's political voice ? 
  - that 's - the direct road to totalitarian nonsense , to blame democracy for that is quite absurd . 
  also , i 'd just like to point out that the only `` tantrum '' i 've been seeing here on reddit is thrown by people who ca n't stand the idea of someone disagreeing with them and try to ridicule , insult and disenfranchise out of a misguided sense of superiority . 
  quite a way to leave a mark there , but please , disregard introspection , never find any fault in your own believes at all and keep on blaming the `` other '' in a petty tribalist way , that 's sure turned out to be the winning ticket here !, 
  that seems a bit . . harsh . 
  it 's obvious that there are those around with a blatant anti-democratic agenda ( probably driven by ideas of a meritocracy , where they just `` happen '' to be part of the correct group of self-styled elites ) , but would n't most people be happy with government that does n't have an antagonistic relationship with the electorate ? 
  that would invalidate * any * kind of political action ever that would upset the status quo , paving the way for blind authoritarianism . 
  it would make sense as an argument if you were talking about using this to make an infantile statement of sorts , but this was n't just a `` statement '' , it was about the very shape that the uk will take in the future , something that everyone has a stake in and should have a say over instead of someone 's pet project being thrust upon them in an act of political rape . 
  at the very least , one could - try - to understand their concerns , because they 're things that apply to - all - of us , uk or not . 
  at least it shook up the powers that be in brussels and other european capitals . 
  perhaps this is what it took , because i did n't see them make any moves otherwise . 
  i 'd rather have a healthy eu without the uk than a slowly dying union . 
  the eu has been in a near permanent state of turmoil over the past decade , with most of the problems having one thing in common : the root causes are n't incidental but have to do with errors in the `` fabric '' of the eu itself , because most of the things it prided itself on , like the euro ( what with the whole greece thing and the euro hardly being a stronger currency than the dm it replaced ) or the open borders turned out to be less than stellar because of the half-implemented state they are in . 
  these are real problems , leading to real effects like europe being the worst hit during the economic depression with the eu acting almost like an anti-synergy , the whole is less then the sum of its parts . 
  now of course , i could flip this around and say more integration is needed to solve those problems , not less , but if you do n't see any valid reasons for leaving i 'm sorry to tell you that you either have the memory of a goldfish or you might not be as clever as you think you are . 
  `` specifically and demonstrably '' , claiming opinions to be facts is a fallacy as well . 
  as far as formulating rational thoughts and arguments go , you have supplied very little of those and just assume that everyone `` knows '' that there are n't rational arguments to be made for a brexit and have demonstrated nothing . 
  is it really that hard to imagine that people might have a different point of view without calling them objectively wrong ? 
  but that 's just name calling in a fancy way , do n't agree with someone ? 
  do n't try to see their point of view , call them ignorant or racist instead . 
  the fact that a whole lot of remainers could n't even - understand - why someone would vote in a way they did n't could just as well be twisted into them being intolerant extremists instead , see how that kind of spinning works ? 
  a concept this subreddit is entirely unfamiliar with of course . 
  but seriously though , i do n't think i 've ever seen this level of hatred in this place before even when things got heated with the whole migration thing and with that kind of mentality , no wonder the remain side lost . 
  but the contention was that direct democracy leads to tyranny , are there any real world examples of a direct democracy in a country that leads to that ? 
  though to be honest , i 'd be hard pressed to think of any other example than switzerland , that 's a pool of one , drawing conclusions from that might be a bit too hasty . 
  also , due to the right of self-determination and self-government , yes , of course the people in a country can chose their own path , or is n't scotland allowed to leave the uk either ? 
  because they do n't know what 's good for them and that has to be decided - for - them ? 
  yes , i was mostly talking about the new `` progressive '' styled pro-establishment leftists , not the - actual - left wingers . 
  but those seem to be outnumbered nowadays . 
  no you wo n't , you just say you will . 
  is this the equivalent of americans threatening to move to another country when a president they do n't like wins ? 
   direct democracy more often than not leads to tyranny of the majority does it ? 
  switzerland seems to operate just fine . 
  why would you consider a tyranny of a minority to be preferable to tyranny of the majority ? 
  also , with western democracies being based on/justified by a social contract with the public to represent them in parliament and that this authority is therefor derived from popular support , is n't deliberately dismissing those same people a breach of that contract ? 
  that 's not an argument for remaining , that 's an argument against the concept of democracy in general . 
  if matters are too small you say the general public ca n't decide on such trivial things , if matters are too big you claim that the public should n't decide on such important manners . 
  of course , everything should be left to a ruling class that have a natural right to rule , right ? 
  because of how much better they are . 
  the obvious solution here is that the public should be better informed , not to tear down freedom . 
  a hard concept to wrap your head around , but seeing as you must be a literal genius i 'm sure you 'll manage . 
  well . . true enough . 
  it 's the remainers that are on their high horse though . 
  omg im so smart !, 
  basically the embodiment of what is wrong with the left nowadays , but please , tell me again how the brexiteers are fear-mongering and how the plebeians should ' t have an influence on political decisions because of your higher mental faculty . 
  and your definition of a reasonable discussion is what you 've displayed so far ? 
  look , i was interested in your motivation , i really was , but if this is going to devolve into petty insults and passive-aggressive evasive answers why bother . 
   i think women are less likely to vote for rhetoric and more `` okay , what are your actual policies '' , whereas men are more likely to respond to things like `` let 's reduce foreigners ! '' . 
   i think we also react better to positive messages over negative ones , which i think is generally why women vote more for left-wing politics over right-wing politics since right-wing politics in general is often more negative . 
  and left-wing politics is more how we can make the world a better place and such . 
  now i do n't think you 're blind enough to not see , you deliberately choose not to . 
  so the question remains , - why ? - again , where does this hatred come from ? 
  seriously though , you are arguing that half the population is politically inferior because of their gender , surely there must be a little voice in the back of your had going `` that 's not right . . '' ? 
  a small pang from your conscience ? 
  especially since you are using the exact same train of pseudo-scientific thought that was used to bar women from voting in the past . 
  how do you justify this to yourself ? 
  where does all this hatred come from ? 
  you forgot the condescending smiley at the end , 
  that 's a really bigoted and sexist statement . 
  of course , that irony would probably be completely lost on you . 
  pho \u00b7 bi \u00b7 a \u02c8f\u014db\u0113\u0259 / noun noun : phobia ; plural noun : phobias * an extreme or irrational fear of or aversion to something . 
  haha , true enough . 
  i wonder if green ones will lead to tunnels painted on walls , looney tunes style . 
  and that 's why you should n't trust bicycle paths that are n't red . 
  the game is set in 1918 , the russians already left the war by then . 
   their influence was detected in the dutch referendum about ukraine i wo n't deny that russia gave money ( as did everybody else and their mother , is it all an american conspiracy as well i wonder ? 
  ) , but it seems pretty far-fetched to think that the result went the way it did because of their influence . 
  people did n't trust the eu , which it accomplished all by itself , no russian help needed there . 
  meh , that 's actually pretty easy when you 're constantly exposed to english language media , native speaker or not . 
  i mean , the concept is n't lost regardless , it 's not like people go `` hon hon hon , i like ze ren\u00e9 , his accent is ze perfect ! '', 
  without recognizing something 's up there . 
  given how close the results were a recount makes perfect sense . 
  although one - does - have to wonder why they waited until now . . 
  well yes , but this is / r/europe , not / r/thenetherlands , singling out the country , especially with a picture of a red light district accompanying the article , suggest all kinds of things which are n't supported by the original report . 
  it 's not really a dutch problem but mostly an eastern european one and it 's not specifically a prostitution thing either . 
  i do n't think that 's going to be too much of an issue when you visit a red light district , it 's usually not the girls in their windows that are being forced , but the ones that operate outside of that system . 
  [ worldwide map ] ( http://gdb.voanews.com/9b5a011c-4e5d-48f6-aaaa-097d4164635e_w987_r1_s.jpg ) rather strange to single out the netherlands , especially with an article that has a misleading headline , the way this was written would suggest that slavery is a big problem when in truth it 's the exact opposite according to the report the article is based on . 
  well of course . 
  it also feeds feminists/blm/etc . 
  it also feeds islamists . 
  you know , it 's almost like humans are social animals with a need to be a part of a group and the systematic eradication of national identity and the church led not to this grand post-modern utopia , but to a whole lot of angry , lost people . 
  who would have thought that having grand social experiments where theory trumps reality tends to backfire . 
  i have to admit that there 's still a little `` ussr '' in the back of my head when i hear about central/eastern european/slavic countries , because that 's just what things were like when i was but a wee lad , but i guess i 'd say i mostly do n't think anything about those countries at all , because i know that i do n't know and assumptions i 'd make would likely be pretty off . 
  also , there 's a not a lot of exposition to cultures that are n't in western europe ( + america ) , that probably does n't help either . 
   while getting shouted down by the `` the left has done this to themselves '' crowd . 
  but since the germans only allowed the far right to fill in the political landscape when it comes to being against immigration , would n't this actually mean that that statement is true ? 
  just because you recognize the argument does n't mean that you 've disproven it . 
  strange letter . 
  if you want people to change their minds about something , it would probably be best not to insult your audience in the first sentence . 
  this is n't a matter of politicians deciding what happened instead of historians , the armenian genocide is widely accepted as an historical fact by scholars , just not by turkey . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union also , keep in mind that the eu is n't a country and european countries are n't the equivalent of us states .
