  the ones your talking to might be from holland ( the region ) , the only people who get peeved when you use the wrong name are those from areas with a strong cultural identity of their own . 
  like me !, 
  there are n't any young adults over here that do n't know english . 
  i mean , there probably literally are * some * of them out there i guess ? 
  but i 've never met one and that group would just be too small to have any kind of stereotype attached to them . 
  people would n't think negatively of them , they would n't think about them at all . 
  anywhere at all ? 
  hmm . 
  denmark , canada or new zealand . 
  there are a lot of beautiful places i 'd like to * visit * but language would really be a deal breaker . 
  yep , not too expensive , a data limit i 'll never reach and nationwide 4g coverage . 
  the go to amsterdam , they stay in amsterdam and then they leave . 
  not my problem . 
  in ashes at the moment , but the greens have partially risen in their place . 
  i do n't know man , amsterdam might be a hell of a lot more expensive , but they do seem to have higher thc concentrations in their weed , at least from my experience . 
  not a big fan of the eu , but stay in for economic reasons and keep out of any potential federation , at least for the time being . 
  i 'm pretty sure germans do n't actually * secretly agree * with uncle adolf . 
  in fact , given how almost none of them were alive back then , apologizing should n't even be a thing anyway , they 're not responsible for their grandparents ' actions . 
  nope , the limit is for the entire customs zone . 
  it 's 90 days max per half year , after that the counter resets . 
  those days do n't need to be consecutive though as far as i can tell and you can get around it by spending half your time in europe in countries outside of the schengen zone , like the uk or the balkan countries . 
  i think the answer to your questions is a * yes * on all of them , but i 'm not a car person . 
  the reason why i 'm replying though is to point out that unless you have an eu passport , you 're not allowed to stay longer than a period of roughly 3 months , that 's something you might want to be aware of . 
  my biggest problem with german is that it at times is * too much * like dutch , leading to wrong assumptions when it comes to false friends , or more embarrassingly , me using non-existing germanified dutch words . 
  luckily though , they often turn to be real words after all , just in dialect . 
  i 'm looking at you , erdapfel . 
  the superhero subgenre of comics is very much an american thing . 
  but if you mean iconic characters and not just of the caped variety , asterix & obelix and tin tin are probably the most famous . 
  i prefer gaston lagaffe though . 
  i could n't give you one , tv and online news tends to be garbage nowadays . 
  radio is a lot better though . 
  very . 
  our family was shunned because my mom wore pants instead of a dress , no tv or driving on sundays and the political party these people vote on want a literal theocracy . 
  it 's been . . well * decades * now since we left though , apparently things got somewhat better . 
  it would make sense that europe in general cares more about this then the us , if only because of the difference in population density . 
  i live in a country where literally every tree , every creek is planned so that naturally would reflect on the outlook on nature in general , something to be managed vs something that happens out of your control . 
  not really europe related , is it . 
  having said that , good riddance . 
  i 'm by no means a modern-style progressive , but there is a line and that sub obviously crossed it . 
  i 'd be interested to see the results myself . 
  i 'm somewhat pessimistic though , if only because of the language barriers . 
  of course , english is the major common language but that means people will flock to existing american platforms . 
  realize that media are deliberately fearmongering to give you this sense of unease and helplessness and stop watching the news , that helps tremendously . 
  pan-european constructs like that are very rare , this lack of common media sphere ( either bottom up or top down ) leads to a lack of a common cultural sphere which is the eu 's achilles heel , at least when it comes to an eu that 's federal in nature . 
  a state without a nation . 
  also , whatsapp comes to mind , but that 's not open like facebook or reddit is , so that might not be the kind of social media you 're looking for nor is it distinctly european . 
  thanks !, 
  i almost always wake up in the middle of the night and tend to sleep in two different `` shifts '' . 
  right now i 'm watching a [ 1978 documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ys6jk65m7sy ) on the last day of hot metal printing at the nyt and the shift to newfangled computers and i 'll go back to sleep in about 15 minutes or so . 
  what 's the belgian record ? 
  in order to exclude the pvv it looks like at least 5 parties are needed , possibly more . 
  it sounds like you 've got that beat hands down ? 
  there is - some - truth to those words , but the obvious hysterical hyperbole does nothing but discredit that point of view . 
  which , if i had to guess , was the point all along . 
  or not , maybe it 's just some asshole on the internet who thinks he 's funny . 
  i do n't know who 's trolling who anymore nowadays . 
  it makes him look like he 's throwing a temper tantrum , which is kind of weird because like him or not , he always seemed to be too polite to do something like this . 
  - edit - with russia 's move not to expel american diplomats it makes obama look even worse . . 
  it was . . different ? 
  i only went to istanbul , but it was surprising to see the contrast between traditionalists and progressives . 
  i saw a tv show for kids there that implied that wearing a head scarve is something that belonged in the past and i was walking past lingerie shops along with other tourists , took a right turn somewhere and went straight into a neigbourhood where literally every single female was wearing a niqab or burqa . 
  all in all i liked the trip though , i was especially impressed by the hagia sophia . 
  i think we 're moving towards a more multipolar world , with the u.s. being the biggest out of the `` equals '' and no longer the sole superpower . 
  the lastest eurobarometer poll has some interesting stats http://ec.europa.eu/commfrontoffice/publicopinion/index.cfm/resultdoc/download/documentky/75902 it does n't ask directly about * leaving * , but one of the things it does is gauging the overall support for the eu . 
  you get to see more direct results because of the scale difference . 
  look at the lack of support for wealth redistribution between eu member states for example . 
  my nephew plays it , there 's a games workshop store in my town that sells all that stuff . 
  i never got any further then mtg and a little d & d though , i guess i 'm more of a hard scifi guy . 
  i would n't do anything , these kind of situations always backfire in a spectacular way , so you should n't trust magical genies . 
  i guess my problem with all that would be two-fold : / 1 . 
  the top of these institutions is still filled by those with capital , social capital . 
  you are talking about giving the keys of the kingdom to * managers * . 
  and the power difference between those different groups is more horizontal than vertical , you 'd just be merging different `` tops '' together . 
  sovereignty of the state is derived from the social contract with its constituents , which in practical terms this means * voting * . 
  what you are proposing is giving extensive political power to an * unelected * organ and by our own standards , that would delegitimize them , unless you think having a liberal democracy is an old-fashioned idea . 
  now of course , seeing as this is reddit i 'm being somewhat contrarian for the sake of being contrarian . 
  what your proposal - would - do is create a common european space that also exists on a cultural and social level and the idea of taking people who actually know what they 're talking about is n't exactly without merit either . 
  but that should always be an advisory organ , for my aforementioned reason . 
  as for the uk referendum , imho the core problem is how or indeed if european federalization should occur , - neither - of the outcomes would have addressed this . 
  having only two options broke it down into something that 's too simplistic and the 50 % threshold was too low to base an important decision on . 
  having said that , these were the terms all parties involved agreed with * before * the referendum . 
   but the problem with democracy is that you 've got a large population of uneducated voters deciding incredibly important things like brexit . 
  that 's what i was talking about , apparently , in your mind the only way people could disagree with the elites is if they were inferior in some way , they are ignorant , dumb , led astray by `` fake news '' . 
  so you want a medieval system where power is so generously shared between clerics and politicians ... as long as the serfs are n't involved . 
  to `` save '' them from themselves , see , you 're not a bad guy , the filthy plebeians just do n't know any better . 
  this would n't be something that spanned class divides , it would cement it . 
  the problem with `` meritocracies '' is that you end up with a clique of people with rich parents who think that the decisions they make are above criticism because they consider themselves to be inherently superior . 
  what could possibly go wrong , right ? 
  you could also take a look at what [ supermarkets are selling ] ( https://view.publitas.com/reclamefolder/jumbo-week49-16/page/1 ) . 
  it 's in dutch though , so ... yeah . 
  apart from the whole gourmet set thing , there 's not really a signature dish , like a stuffed turkey or something , but a christmas meal tends to be spread over lots of little courses , small pastries , a small salad etc. 
  the stereotypical thing to do for christmas in the netherlands is to use a so-called '' [ gourmet set ] ( http://www.bekendvanpc.nl/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/g/r/grill.jpg ) '' and have everyone prepare and cook there own little pans , i guess it would technically count as finger food ? 
  also , do n't sweat it when it comes to insulting dutch people by preparing food , those dutch people are much more likely to insult or offend you in some way then the other way around . 
  was the french revolution as a whole seen as bad or just napoleon ? 
  i might be mistaken , but unlike the way he is being presented over here in my own country , i recall seeing napoleon depicted mostly as a ` bad guy ' in english speaking media , but not the revolution itself . 
  oy vey , i ca n't believe people are actually giving you serious replies . . anyway , to answer your question : obviously , just about any mainstream party would fit that bill , left right or center . 
  you really need to be more specific , how do you feel about the worldwide need to abolish all hard currency for example ? 
  is it outdated though ? 
  the system is there for a reason and the initial circumstances why it exists in the first place do n't seem to have changed . 
  also , the bigger problem imho is the first past the post system , which is keeping the same 2 parties in power in a duopoly .
