  after the uk left , france is the next likely option . 
   did n't you just use france running out of ammunition as a negative example ? 
  that what nato is for . 
  or a european alternative anyway , i can see the us 's and europe 's interests drifting apart . 
  but our armies need to get into shape first , soft power is fine and all but at the end of the day you need at least some hard power projection . 
  if we ca n't even agree to defend ourselves , what hope does a federation have ? 
  no , not at all . 
  the eu has shown it is n't capable yet of tackling large issues ( see the economic / banking / euro / refugee crisis ) , crises effecting the areas it itself considers to be at its core , which ultimate only were `` solved '' by kicking the can down the road long enough , it can not handle sustained military campaigns on its own without us or uk help ( see france and libya ) and most importantly , there is n't a popular support for federalization . 
  the idea that countries are stronger together works on paper of course , but i 'd rather have the diminished capabilities of a country with a proven apparatus vs depending on the false sense of security of a flaky federation . 
  about time too , the way things work from a legal perspective is beyond silly . 
  it 's not a done deal yet though , so fingers crossed . 
  well of course , we profited from cooperation , but not to the degree that people have parades on the streets , chalking hearts and names of foreign countries . 
  most people do n't - hate - the eu either , they probably just do n't think about it at all . 
  it 's mostly invisible , it 's in the background and it 's beneficial . 
  ok , makes sense . 
  but if you think as a nation the dutch would go along with federalization for example , you 'd be terribly wrong . 
  and unless there was remarkable shift in the national sentiment , the last time i saw a eurobarometer poll the netherlands was n't in favor of expanding eu powers either . 
  nor are most people in favor of leaving btw , or severely diminishing its capabilities , we like things the way they are . 
  so it 's probably somewhere in between our two points of view , i just like being a bit of a sourpuss i guess  . 
  yeah . . no . 
  do you really think most people are that enthusiastic about the eu ? 
  anywhere at all ? 
  nevermind that the netherlands is a bit more on the eurosceptical side . 
  what you see on the eurobarometer is that people want to be a part of the eu , yes . 
  what is does n't mention is - why - and i do n't think it 's too much of a stretch to say that `` because of the money '' is going to be a bigger motivator here then some kind of ideology . 
  that would be very undutch . 
  so as much as you do n't like the prospect , i believe i - do - speak for the majority here , < - comma . 
  more arguments to back me up ? 
  look at how a eurosceptic party is the biggest one in the polls or how the netherlands voted - against - the eu constitution . 
  as for your own dutch experience , were the people you met students/young adults from a city like amsterdam or utrecht ? 
  because that would explain that discrepancy . 
  governments are all compassing , not a lot of choice there , if you do n't like what one company does you can always go to another . 
  or at least that 's the theory . 
  kind of falls apart when dealing with olichargies . 
  as for identity politics , this has - everything - to do with this , an attack on an idea suddenly becomes an attack on a person , on a group because people use their political orientation as a part of their identity and being a part of a social group means supporting that party . 
  and this tribalism is being used to play people against each other . 
  for the same reason people want to keep companies out of their lives but wholly embracy government intervention . 
  it 's only bad when the * other * side does it . 
  democracy is poisoned by identity politics , kind of a structural flaw , but nothing is perfect i guess . 
  love comes and goes , business interests stay . 
  errr . . 
  i - like - you , germany , but i do n't think i quite feel the same way about you . 
  also , is this operating under the assumption that pro-eu is pro-europe and anti-eu is anti-europe ? 
  because that seems a bit creepy . 
  i 'm going to be so bold as to speak for an entire population and fellow countrymen , please chime in if you disagree , but do understand that we 're mostly in it for the money . 
  this is a marriage of convience , not one out of love . 
  just so everybody knows where they stand . 
  of course , that might be reading waaaay to much into this picture , but if i 'm really off mark there , i do have to wonder what the clear message is . . 
  ah yes , apparently he seems to be a strong proponent of the `` if we do n't know what we 're doing , neither do our enemies ! '', 
  school of thought . 
  this is n't exactly the strong leadership that trump claimed to bring to the table now is it . . 
  yes , i literally think op is going to blow up any minute now . 
  it seems somewhat hypocritical to me to dump on the us using cherry picked data while using us technology to do so . 
  kind of like is condemning everything western while driving european cars . 
  oh yes , demagogue is something i 'd totally agree with , that 's really his biggest weakness . 
  it 's not that a rational argument could n't possibly be made for * some * of his views on immigration , globalization , intercultural interaction etc etc , it 's that he seems to be unable to formulate those arguments in a meaningful way that also leads to effective solutions , for all parties involved . 
  like i said , poor pim . 
  much more civilized . 
   actually , it was a pretty bold claim , and here you are still defending it . 
  because you keep on bringing it up  why your obsession ? 
  you 're the one who keeps bringing it up . 
   despite ample opportunity to revise your misleading statement , you do n't , even if confronted but your only argument is that you say that it 's true and other people say that it 's true so it must be true . 
  hardly a large body , especially when i give you an actual reason which you in no way have refuted or even addressed . 
   we 've had 15 years to assess `` we '' ? 
  who 's we , is this the royal we ? 
  your highness , is that you ? 
  seriously though , it 's ok to disagree with one another , i 'm just puzzled by why you think that should be done in such a hostile manner . 
  and with that , i wish you a good night , i doubt this 'll end up a very fruitful conversation , it has n't exatly been one so far . 
  here , i 'll make it easier for you . 
  you win . 
  you have vanquished your enemy . 
  i grovel before your might and wisdom etc etc. 
  have a good one !, 
  it was just a small addendum at the bottom of my message and in no way the main point . 
  why the obsession ? 
  why the conspiracy thinking ? 
  you are the one that keeps going on about it . 
  for what reason i can only guess . 
  and yes , the media likes their labels , are you implying that that makes them automatically correct ? 
  that reasoning does n't apply , just follow what you 're told ? 
  i guess you must think pewdiepie is a real nazi then . 
  by that definition every party would be populist though , is n't that what just about every single one of them claims , to represent the people ? 
  not an argument . 
  let me clarify : wilders believes what he says and does n't claim things * just * to get votes . 
  trump says in his own book that he does n't care much about that wall but it 's something that sticks , a selling point . 
  so he 's a populist . 
  germany shut down nuclear reactors after fukushima , even though that was n't very rational . 
  but it was popular , so it was a populist measure , as centrist parties tend to do . 
  populism is n't necessarely a bad thing democracy even demands a certain amount of populism to justify its existance . 
  it leads to short term thinking though . 
  so hence my claim that wilders is n't a populist , populist does n't mean right wing angry white man . 
  now why do you have to be that way , i actually gave a logical reason why i think the populist label might not apply . 
  ok , so i defended him the last time this article got posted , because the title kind of twisted his words , so now i 'll do the opposite : he 'd be more popular and have an actual chance at being prime minister if he did n't purely depend on being a reactionary and if he actually came with intelligent solutions instead of depending on crass verbal assaults and repeating the same one-liners over and over again like a broken record . 
  it really is too bad he 's such a pale copy of his spiritual predecessor , pim fortuyn , who was a charismatic , intelligent and well-spoken man . 
  i have to disagree with the populist label though , i 'm fairly certain he actually believes what he says and does n't just say these things purely to get votes . 
  right wing , yes . 
  a nationalist , sure . 
  nativist to a certain degree , even . 
  not a populist . 
  you make a compelling argument .
