  also , `` holland '' ? 
  i 'm raising my eyebrow as hard as i can right now . 
  i love loonies like him , european politics would be so dry and boring without them . 
  thanks !, 
  whatever happened to those canadian and korean free trade pacts the eu was pursuing ? 
  i distinctly remember that canadian one being pretty far along until it completely dropped off the radar . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  i could n't possibly tell by only reading this article . 
  * august 14 , 2006 * ... 
  sheesh , i can see how animal rights might be an issue but that 's a really shitty reason . 
  while i do n't agree on some of the details there  yes , both sides are unwilling to accept both the status quo and a movement towards the other . 
  which means nothing will happen and if the politicians wo n't decide , the market will step in and decide for them , leading to the worst possible outcome . 
  a parachute for a managed greek exit would have worked , helping greece to stay on the tightrope would have worked ( greece is small enough to just pump money in ) , a free fall on the other hand is really really bad . 
  what i like about this castle is that it 's just as artificial / `` fake '' as the disney world one . 
  elevators and steel beams and electricity and telephones and oh my . 
  and the indoor cave , got ta have a cave in your fantasy castle . 
  you ca n't blame them for being a - bit - sneaky . 
  right , but what if another grexit crisis happens next week ? 
  and the month after that ? 
  it looks like the eu head honchos are weighing the instability of greece staying vs future problems in countries like spain , and they seem to be edging towards the `` grexit '' option . 
  just look at today , greece - had - to come with plans but the ez crew never concretely said what measures had to be in there . 
  that means they always could turn down any plan , any whatsoever , no matter what their contents are . 
  they might have already made their minds up . 
  having more all round growth stimulates the group as a whole , doing what you described only gives shorter term benefit and reduces the size of potential new markets and weakens foreign investors in the us economy . 
  this is america , huzzah for capitalism , ttip for everyone etc etc. , yes they can be amoral dicks sometimes , but they 're not - that - backstabby . 
  i hope . 
  and assuming they do n't go for short term gains anyway , of course . 
  i 'm starting to think that would be for the best at this moment . 
  cut greece loose , spend lots and lots of cash to keep the greek economy from tanking in a marshall-like plan and write off those debts . 
  nobody will ever see that money again , accept that and move on . 
  that all sucks balls off course , but it would be the best of all evils . 
  looking at the latest news , it appears there was n't any kind of proposal at all . 
  that kind of leaves this letter as the only tangible thing the greek government came up with . 
  maybe that new guy will give a profound and inspiring speech that 'll make everyone completely change their minds after months of deadlock , but i 'm not holding my breath . 
  given the economic entanglement between western nations , would n't the us benefit from a strong european economy ? 
  that was an incredibly , - incredibly - stupid thing to do . 
  what were they thinking ? 
  as an added bonus , not only did they piss of the entire greek population , the eu also undermined its credibility again when they flipflopped after that yes vote . 
  eu minsters from multiple nations were pretty clear on what they expected , the eu did n't have to a damn thing right now and the ball was in greece 's court , they did n't care about internal greek affairs like polls or joint statements , greece had to come with a credible plan - right now - and not stall or negotiate . 
  this ? 
  this is n't even close , it 's a declaration of intent , something that was already dismissed beforehand as being unacceptable . 
  i do n't see this ending well . 
  i do n't see this ending well at all . 
  there 's nothing wrong with a friend giving advice , as long as they are n't veiled threats or heavy handed attempts to influence internal affairs . 
  so basically they went to brussels empty handed ? 
  still , large content distributors like reddit and youtube have a public responsibility as a medium . 
  should the postal office be allowed to make your letters disappear if they do n't like the contents ? 
  i think the graph is only about primary education , so i left those out . 
  if english has been a compulsory subject in primary schools over here since 1986 , how can that bar only be at 52 % ? 
  should n't that be 100 ? 
  this is n't an all or nothing thing , europeans have a patchwork of shared and related culture ** s ** . 
  both saying that all europeans share the same culture or saying that they have nothing in common at all are gross oversimplifications . 
  sure , but it 's not just the choice between doing nothing and spending money you do n't have or severe austerity , that 's a false dilemma , a logical fallacy . 
  only implementing austerity kills economic growth , making it harder to pay your debts , leading back to not being able to make things meet . 
  these are n't the - only - two options , not for greece and not for the eu and they probably would have been able to strike a deal if it was n't for the greek pm behaving like a total ass . 
  this was a political failure , not an economic one and there should have been a way out of this if only because greece is n't that big a country so the amounts of money we 're talking about are n't - that - big ( comparatively speaking of course ) . 
  ah , * blame * , yes , perhaps , and not * just * the greeks themselves , this entire thing has been handled quite poorly by multiple parties . 
  but regardless of the issue of * blame * , should ordinary greeks be * punished * ? 
  that 's what that headline is saying , punish , not blame . 
  although that implies that the greeks are deliberately being punished , which i do n't believe either . 
  why are the danish some kind of weird , alternate universe cousins ? 
  so it 's a conspiracy against the left by the evil , evil capitalists ? 
  sorry , i do n't do dogma , especially the ones driven by paranoia . 
  never attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by stupidity . 
  nobody wants to see greece implode both for humanitarian and financial reasons , but when push comes to shove , the different leaders in the eu will choose the well being of the whole of europe over that of greece ( and more importantly , they 'll choose their own country over greece ) and they are trying to manage this problem and make decisions before it snowballs out of their control and the market takes those decisions _ for _ them . 
  at least that 's their fear , i think . 
  if they 're actually completely right about that , or just weak and ignorant people trying to seem strong , i do n't know . 
  got ta love race baiting articles like this . 
  * edit * ok , downvoted so maybe i have to explain my position a bit better : the article goes out of its way to stress that the policemen were native dutchman and the arrested man was aruban and goes on on to draw comparisons with the current situation in the u.s. without explaining why , the mere fact that they had different colored skins makes this a race issue apparently , with articles like this fanning the flames because controversy means readers . 
  i just watched his video and wow , those images were really , - really - poorly done . 
  except for the last one , that one was ok . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corporatism , it 's looking at society as a whole as a `` body '' of some sorts , with the elite being the brains , the workers as the muscles etc. 
  derived from the latin `` corpus '' , body . 
  totalitarian ideologies like fascism tend to look at society this way . 
  nobody knows anymore , i ca n't remember the last time i saw that word used in the proper way instead of thinking it has something to do with corporations . 
  there 's a large difference between saying spanking has its place and violence is literally the only way of disciplining . 
  you realize that physical violence is n't literally the only way of disciplining right ? 
  right ? 
  dear god i hope you 're just _ playing _ strong internet man ... 
  well , - compared to dutch - it 's a bit more flexible . 
  * we often hear that english is ridiculously difficult to learn * we do ? 
  i usually only hear the exact opposite . . odd . 
  anyway , to answer your question : compared to dutch , english has a loose word order , simplified articles and no t/v distinction . 
  while i do believe there are differences between states and comparing them might be useful , boiling everything down to a number on an easy to digest map seems a bit too clickbaity and simplistic . 
  playing to their audience i guess . 
  well , sure , but the fact that lol means `` fun '' makes dutch people more likely to use it . 
  besides , it beats lach uit luid , because that acronym would mean `` dick '' . 
  making doing something for the lulz an entirely different affair ( not that there 's anything wrong with that ) . 
  haha or lol . 
  lol is the dutch word for fun . 
  other options are kek , rekt , the usual suspects really . 
  i kind of feel like this should be up to the then 13-year-old-now-woman , what are her thoughts on the whole thing ? 
  deport him and make him stand trail if need be , but it seems kind of important , considering she 's the one this is about . . 
  well to be fair , you could ask me the same kind of things about other continents and i 'll start giving hilariously ignorant answers as well . 
  nederland , but then again , i 'm a native . 
  i can see why people would use holland instead though , in english at least , because it beats having to explain what country you 're talking about every time you mention the netherlands . 
  honestly , as long as denmark is n't the capital city of a country called amsterdam , i 'm happy . 
  jem taught me everything i ever needed to know about being truly outrageous . 
  optimus prime taught me the value of shooting things with lasers . 
  i see no problem here .
