big brother , i guess . 
  not too fond of endemol productions myself , but i have to hand it to them , they know what they 're doing , considering how successful they are . 
  http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/racism?s=t noun 1 . a belief or doctrine that inherent differences among the various human races determine cultural or individual achievement , usually involving the idea that one 's own race is superior and has the right to rule others . 
  2 . a policy , system of government , etc. , based upon or fostering such a doctrine ; discrimination . 
  3 . hatred or intolerance of another race or other races . 
  there really needs to be a word for ethnic discrimination , i agree that it can be just as bad as racism , but it 's not racism . 
  i 'm usually not against semantic drifting , because hey , languages are living entities , but in this case `` race '' is kind of part of the word itself and i do n't believe the u.n. is an authority on the english language . 
  saint martin , saint martin , the cows have tails , the girls are wearing skirts , there comes saint martin . 
  sorry , for some bizarre reason i decided to share some dutch folklore with you . 
  trust me , it 's better in dutch . 
  the sentence flows better and at least it rhymes ? 
  i might have been stretching it a bit with the `` better '' part . 
  in dutch , the plural of euro is euro . 
  unless you are talking about the actual coins themselves . 
  i 'm pretty sure most people already knew what netflix was before they entered the market . 
  there 's a little thing called the internet you know  and it does n't hurt that virtually all people can speak english either . 
  why not use both ? 
  hey now , do n't diss the chaplin ` stache . 
  if this will lead to thrawn ruling over europe , i 'd totally be in favor . 
  does that mean the ussr will be reinstated ? 
  i guess putin must be a trekker then . 
  kind of makes you wonder if this is n't just a repeat of those eu `` battle groups '' . 
  nothing substantial ever came out of that , i think . 
  [ ] ( / octavia `` i see what you did there '' ), 
  dutch here , can confirm . 
  it 's a rather sad thing to realize that europe still needs american leadership to get its defense in order . 
  really now , with the highest gdp on the planet we really ought to be able to do this ourselves . 
  why ? 
  it promotes eu integration by spreading its symbols . 
  not too in-your-face and obnoxious , but omnipresent nonetheless . 
  like the euro . 
  oh good lord , not this again . 
  this entire conversation has been poisoned by people who think `` my heritage ! '', 
  and `` muh feels ! '', 
  are proper arguments . 
  well i do n't live in holland ( the region , not the country ) so i could n't give any tips that are terribly specific . 
  perhaps a local could help , or you could try an online guide , [ this one for example ] ( http://en.wikivoyage.org/wiki/western_netherlands ), 
  i like haarlem and utrecht . 
  pretty cities without a lot of the drunken and/or stoned tourists you see in amsterdam . 
  it also really depends on the kind of tourism you 're going for i suppose , i like the wadden island group and riding a bike through the veluwe national park to go and see the kroeller-muller museum , but those are more slow paced / domestic kind of destinations . 
  it 's ok i guess . 
  a nice place to visit but i would n't want to live there , it 's crowded and a bit ... gimmicky . 
  besides , if i wanted to see quaint canals i 'd go to brugge or giethoorn and `` coffee shops '' can be found in just about every major city . 
  most people seem to consider my country to only consist of the city of amsterdam , which apparently is the world 's most socialist and progressive city , where every single thing is legal . 
  and that 's ok , people go there , stay inside their tourist bubble , leave their money and go home again . 
  all in all , mostly harmless . 
  as to what my personal feelings towards their opinions are : their perception tends to be rather polarized ( if they have any opinion at all that is ) and seems to be based on dreams and mythology , not the actual country itself so no matter how flattering or scorning , they may be safely ignored . 
  agree with them or not , these seem like pretty reasonable statements . 
  is sweden really this extreme or is this just an exception ? 
  it 's kind of hard to get an accurate assessment of the situation when everyone is trying to push their own agenda . 
  russians being brainwashed to hate the west by a constant barrage of propaganda ? 
  what could possibly go wrong !, 
  but i like both of them . . err . . ok , favourite neighbour : germany . 
  because of the great food , gorgeous nature , pretty castles and the lack of speed limits on certain parts of the autobahn . 
  least favourite : belgium . 
  because of the awful , awful roads . 
  and because they 're better at speaking my own language , those bastards . 
  perhaps we can send isis a stern letter instead . 
  that 's obviously a false dichotomy , i do n't think you 'll gain a lot of supporters through intellectual dishonesty . 
  why , she did n't do anything ? 
  now is not the time for petty acts of revenge . 
  surely , putin must be quaking in his boots . 
  perhaps he will even receive a stern letter !, 
  do you seriously think the u.s. is in europe to defend us ? 
  they are on a faraway island and they need a stable stronghold in eurasia , where else would they be ? 
  why would denmark peg their coin to the euro with a maximum deviation range of 2.25 % . . but not use the euro ? 
  what are the advantages there ? 
  there might be very valid reasons for that , but i 'm not really seeing them right now . 
  i 'm getting sick of people forcing their ideologies on me . 
  hell , not just directly forcing it on me , just killing all possible kinds of communication with just pure noise . 
  left wing , right wing , ultra-conservative , ultra-progressive , jihadi muslims , militant atheists . 
  so . . fucking . . sick . 
  well , `` act normally , that 's crazy enough '' seems like a fairly literal and adequate translation . 
  also , its stoic nature makes it not completely unlike the quintessentially british stiff upper lip . 
  decent people with a great sense of humor . 
  i 'd even go so far as to brand you `` normal '' , which is about the highest praise you could ever hope to get from a dutchman . 
  well , op did ask for - interesting - media . 
   btw , he might be watching dutch tv shows as well without knowing it . . dutch formats anyway . 
  we specialize in bad tv , like the voice , big brother and fear factor . 
  wilders must really love this free pr , especially in light of the upcoming ep elections . 
  when i compare the freedoms i have over here compared to the sometimes draconian approach to censorship in the u.k. : yes . 
  yes it is . 
  http://www.ilga-europe.org/media_library/ilga_europe/publications/reports_and_other_publications/rainbow_package_2014/side_b_rainbow_europe_index_may_2014 apparently , the uk also scores more brownie points for having more censorship . 
  so i wondered why the netherlands had such a comparatively low score and looked at what those scores are based on . 
  apparently , article 1 of the dutch constitution is now null and void . 
  how oppressive my nation must be , for not even telling me this fact . 
  winning means you have to pay for the damn thing next year , no thanks . 
  taking that into account , second place is the best score to end up with . 
  the e.u. , brussels is still very much seen as `` them '' , not `` us '' . 
  i 'm talking about perception here ; there 's no love for europe in the netherlands , not much anyway . 
  we are very much in it for rational , and quite frankly , monetary reasons . 
  this country is joined at the hip with germany from an economic point of view , they are in , so we are in . 
  but a brussels mandated holiday would n't go over very well , in fact , that just might be crossing a cultural red line . 
  given the current national climate , that would be seen as a foreign entity forcing foreign symbols onto us . 
  it 's not something i 'd personally be against , but that would be a really , really , really bad idea . 
  as in , leave the e.u. 
  bad . 
  so , is this europe day really a `` thing '' in other countries ? 
  i ca n't say i 've ever heard of it before . . 
  actually , the dutch pvv party ( the wilders one ) is - rabidly - pro israel .
