  the agreement has been applied provisionally , but this referendum actually blocked the dutch vote , it 'll will first have to be approved by the dutch parliament again . 
  not that that matters much of course , the eu makes the rules so they get to break them as well . 
  making shitposting great again op ? 
  if i recall correctly , that video 's authenticity is highly controversial . 
  let me say it this way : if the pro camp said `` hey , these guys might join us , you ok with that ? '', 
  the answer might very well have been yes , if it 's `` hey , totally not gon na join , just a trade thing ! '', 
  and you - know - that 's not what is going to happen , no , i do n't support that . 
  i actually did n't really care much for going too off-rails , but no , not really . 
  because right now it depends on a status that 's much more of an ad-hoc arrangement than a properly arranged one , will this lead to eu membership or not ? 
  and there 's also the matter of what the eu actually wants to be , it 's - incredibly - two-faced about this . 
  everything points to a new nation , a confederated country of sorts , with an anthem , a currency and a flag . 
  how stable will this be when it compasses so many different cultures ? 
  and on the other hand . . * hey !, 
  it 's just a trade deal right ? 
  being against that is so ignorant lol ! * . 
  the same old bait and switch . 
  and that 's exactly the game that was being played here . 
  again . 
  it 's really funny how the ukrainians expect one thing , and our pm is saying another . 
  ukraine will never join eh ? 
  i bet that in a few years , there 'll be yet another excuse , and the train just keeps on rolling again . 
  because this administration has proven to be a bit . . liberal with the truth and quite frankly , i do n't think much of the eu either . 
  time to nip this in the bud , because i do n't believe a promise like that for one minute if there 's nothing black on white . 
  i 'm sorry , but in the end , it 's a matter of trust . 
  so the pm just said ukraine will never join the eu . . 
  i do n't really trust people who make bold claims without having a way to back them up , the same day that a memo got released that the public - had - to be convinced that they had to vote yes . 
  i 'm certain the `` no '' will become a `` yes '' - again , and that the `` never '' will become an `` inevitable '' . 
  it 's the games that are being played . 
  i 've had it . 
  enough . 
  i 'd probably have a lot more faith in this whole endeavor if there was something like a `` friends of the eu '' club , associates but not members . 
  a category ukraine and turkey could fall in , the uk when they decide to leave and perhaps other countries like canada and south korea that we 're doing trade agreements with . 
  fair enough . 
  i personally do n't see a potential membership as desirable , even in the future , but i can see where you 're coming from . 
  my biggest complaint however is that proponents tend to present this deal as having - nothing - to do with eu membership , when it literally is the whole point of the agreement , that 's seems - incredibly - dishonest , especially when it 's bundled with comments about everybody disagreeing being ignorant . 
  i know , that 's the point i was trying to make . 
  well , the not just a trade deal at least , i did n't touch upon any realpolitics yet . 
  so this agreement is just about trade and has nothing to do with ukraine joining the eu , but it 's about making it possible for ukraine to join the eu . 
  that 's some kind of next level mental gymnastics there . 
  and the failsafe here is that we wo n't - actuallly - let them join , we 'll just string them along like we did turkey . 
  remind me again how - that - worked out ? 
  `` ukraine will ` inevitably ' join the european union in the future , ukrainian prime minister mykola azarov has declared . 
  kiev intends to integrate with europe and plans to sign a political association agreement by the end of 2011 , which will lead off formation a free trade area with eu , azarov said , as cited by ria novosti . 
  according to azarov , the ` inevitability ' of ukraine 's membership in the eu should be reflected in the political association agreement between ukraine and the eu . '', 
  [ random source from 2011 ] ( http://www.novinite.com/articles/132180/ukraine+confident+its+eu+membership+is+'inevitable' ), 
  the woody allen comparison is very strange , i agree . 
  two things though , he did n't say `` fuck off '' , the equivalent would be `` buzz off '' , so he 's not some kind of loud mouthed boor . 
  also , is the notion of cooperation so foreign to your mindset right now that everything only has to be antagonistic ? 
  look , i get it . 
  more than you probably realize but unless you 're willing to deport millions of people there has to be some kind of reconciliation as well . 
  \\  ahmed aboutaleb \\  wannabe white dutch trash err ?? 
  the article itself mentions he 's a moroccan-born muslim who became mayor of the second largest city in the netherlands ( and is doing a really good job btw ) . 
  i 'm not really sure how that translates to `` wannabe white trash '' . 
  one could argue that frenchman refers both to ethnicity and citizenship . 
  this might lead to situations which , granted , often are deliberately misleading , but the article itself mentions the algerian background of these people . 
  well that 's the mo of the european union . 
  dragging itself from crisis to crisis funnily enough always ends up with increasing power for brussels and slowly but surely all the hallmarks of a country are being introduced , laws that overrule that of national ones , politicians and bureaucrats , presidents , borders , a currency , flags , an anthem . . and when people vote against this , this is swiftly discarded . 
  the train most go on , steadily . . and slowly . 
  do n't take a lot , just never ever give . 
  so of course the end goal is for ukraine to join . 
  and turkey . 
  and you 'll end up scammed into a `` country '' as stable as post-tito yugoslavia or austria-hungaria . 
  no thanks . 
  whelp , you got me there , what i said obviously was the direct equivalent of saying that the eu regulates how curved a banana should be . 
  how foolish i have been . 
  well i was thinking more of the way sir humphrey described why the trident defense system would n't work for britain in yes minister . 
  or lobsters in a pot of increasingly boiling water , that 's also a comparision that 's often used . 
  if this was just a trade agreement there would n't be any problem , thing is though , it 's about more than trade and also includes political agreements and several eu politicians already said this was the first step for ukrainian admission to the eu , which would be `` inevitable '' . 
  so it 's kind of funny that the pro argument is that things are being conflated that should n't be and that this is just a vote against the eu , because yes , that 's what this is , because that 's exactly why this agreement exists in the first place . 
  this is how the eu works , they do n't ask for permission , they just sneak things in through the back door , slowly , slice after slice . 
  well the underlying idea of enforcing peace through superior firepower seems sound ( to a certain degree ) , the problem is obtaining that weapon . 
  if you need one because you are weak , your enemies will never let you build it . 
  unless you 're north korea . 
  do they already know if nothing was damaged ? 
  apparently there were some problems with the launch vehicle after takeoff . 
  the problem is that the general public has no idea about american politics and tends to just parrot what the news tells them , leading to a caricature that 's best ignored . 
  so that 's the safest approach , just smile and nod and say you do n't follow politics . 
  you realize that by using terms like `` the anglozionists '' you immediately alienate any potential adience you might have had , right ? 
  that 's the world we live in . 
  no amount of hashtags and colored buildings is going to change this , it 's going to keep going on and on . 
  there 's an ideological , social-cultural , educational and demographic problem with the people we take in but at the same time , almost no single individual newcomer is guilty of all of this , just looking for a better life for his or herself . . and it 's tearing us apart . 
  all of us , immigrant and native alike . 
  i do n't have the answers , i do n't think i really qualify to give those since i 'm just this random person behind a computer . 
  but - something - has to happen , whatever way , not choosing political sides here . 
  but if nothing happens , we do - nothing - , fate will choose - for - us , and to be honest , it does n't look pretty . 
  at all . 
  i know . 
  the sky is falling , cats and dogs living together etc , etc. 
  i 'm the fool with the sign in the town square , yelling at people . 
  but ca n't you see ? 
  ca n't you feel it ? 
  before wwi , people spoke of the lights going out all over europe . 
  well the grim reaper has already started to flex its wings again . 
  look out . 
  please ? 
  which reminds me of something i 've always wondered , is p\u00e2t\u00e9 americain american ? 
  at all ? 
  and what 's the difference between ouzo and raki ? 
  look , i 'm trying to help you here , i really am . 
  russian propaganda has two aims , preaching to the choir back home and sowing confusion among it 's global competitors .
