  perhaps that new entity could join the eu as a member state . 
  ( i 'm only half joking ), 
  great , any device can be accessed at any time , hope all our important infrastructure is stand-alone , because if , while i do n't expect he cia to go - completely - nuts , * others * get their hands on this , things could get weird and surprisingly unpleasant . 
  they hacked the dnc , yes . 
  but they were n't the first ones , nor did they give it to wikileaks . 
  which is n't to say that they did n't - try - , but wikileaks already * had * the information . 
  it was in response to a woman 's question , but that does n't really nail it down either . 
  oh , and i totally was being melodramatic with `` you do n't understand the implications !, 
  '' , i mean , seriously now . 
  i do n't believe in editing posts to change those kind of things , my follies are for the world to see and `` enjoy '' . 
  i 'm going to trust my own eyes and ears over 3rd party accounts , especially since i expected the media to be . . selective about what they reported . 
  so of course the media did n't mention it , that 's not a counter argument in my eyes , that was the entire point . 
  and to their defense , he snuck it in rather skillfully . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2sysfesrqg here , it 's two hours long and i have no idea what the time index is . 
  enjoy !, 
  oh geez , i 'm getting a bit grumpy here , i really do n't want to be . 
  look , i do n't agree with you , but i apologize for that , my previous post was a bit melodramatic i suppose . 
  i did n't give you a reference to just my memory , i told you , it 's in the televised press release . 
  if you do n't believe me , that 's up to you of course , i can understand that the implications are rather worrisome , so it might be a hard pill to swallow . 
   also , source on obama saying that ? 
  he gave a long press conference on the matter which i followed start to finish to see what he said vs what the media said . 
  one of the things was the extent of the damage , which he downplayed by saying that wikileaks did n't get the information from the russians , because the dnc was already hacked previously and that information was already out in the open . 
  so , the source is the press conference itself i guess , i ca n't link you to a news article , because they did n't report it , as far as i can tell . 
  also , as a side note , it 's somewhat perplexing to me that unveiling government corruption is now a bad thing . 
  better get rid of ngo 's like amnesty then . 
  it 's grown into somehing much bigger though , with russian hackers apparently behind every tree and around every corner . 
  also , president obama himself said that wikileaks did n't receive their information from the russians , so that 's more of a media invention then something that 's actually factually grounded . 
  having said that , russians of course try to influence other nations and also by less then honorable ways , this is a bad thing and should be stopped . 
  but they 're hardly the only or the worst ones , russia , the us , turkey , the saudis , they can all gtfo . 
  i believe you kind of missed the point , the article suggests that everyone wants a two speed europe , when this is n't the case . 
  yeah , no , this is to prevent turkey from attacking russian and american troops . 
  things have been a bit screwy in syria . 
  not exactly surprising , that 's why the russian hacker hysteria seems so odd to me , not that there is a lack of intent from their side , but they are simply dwarfed in capability and scale . 
  i can see that working for * new * frameworks , i kind of wonder though what happens when there is a conflict with already existing arrangements . 
  but could it be - implemented - without unanimous support ? 
  one would think that it would require changing the current treaties . 
  the bbc 's title is a bit misleading , it suggests that the leaders of the eu countries are in favor of this , when it 's four countries that have expressed being in favor and just a casual google search turns up several who are against , like finland and the visegrad group . 
  well they got what they wanted , dividing the kurdish cantons . 
  unfortunately for them , they did n't get manbij though and i do n't think dividing the kurds up even further by going in a straight line from the turkish border to raqqa is going to happen any time soon . 
  turkey might have soured their relationship with both the russians and americans a bit too much these past few days , so i do n't think they 'll get invited when the siege starts . 
  ehh , the ussr under stalin were preetttyyy fucking evil as well , had their own little lets-genocide-the-chechens thing , they even beat the nazis when it come to total body count . 
  not as much as mao though , so i guess china wins in that department . 
  i think agema would be a candidate for the job , not * everyone * is another dion graus . 
  yeah , it 's a very . . `` funny '' construction . 
  still , there are other * de facto * members who could potentially take up that position , it 's easy to make up the rules if you do n't have any to begin with . 
  breaking off and forming their own fraction is also a possibility , but that leads the the current situation where 81 parties tried to enter the election . 
  wilders is massively shooting himself in the foot by being a little bitch about not wanting to appear on tv debates . 
  really , really disappointing , i think it 's time for him to stand down and let someone else take over . 
  people bitch and moan about russia , but they 're not the one 's holding rallies in european countries . 
  and this is n't exactly the first time that turkey got caught interfering over here , there 's still a pending investigation into that . 
  nor does turkey have any qualms going head to head with russian and american troops in syria , btw , just to screw the kurds . 
  very strange how those events of the past few days all got swept under the media rug , although the poor sods probably have no idea what 's going on and just blindly copy reuters . 
  always those shitty headlines . 
  `` anger ! '' . 
  `` is this the end of x ?!? '' . 
  apparently every news outlet has become a tabloid , the more highbrow ones included . 
  looks like there 's a long way ahead though https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accession_of_serbia_to_the_european_union#negotiation_progress, 
  you 're most likely correct in that this is an alarmist exaggeration , but should n't the * point * be that integration might be failing in some cases and that these parallel societies are detrimental to all involved ? 
  this whole obsession with the no go label seems really counterproductive to me , turning into a focal point to beat the ideological `` enemy '' , left * or * right , instead of trying to solve a problem , together . 
  well at least it 's not a chicago ghetto ? 
  those are n't exactly very high standards . . 
  * looks * to join ? 
  being a part of the 9 eyes program and being nr 1 worldwide when it comes to phone taps , i 'd say we 've been a member for quite a while now . 
  nato and the wto could n't possibly work either of course , what , with those impossible bilateral agreements . 
  how dumb !, 
  sorry i ca n't be as smart as you are . 
  bilateral laws could be an alternative to a centralized approach . 
  i 'm talking about europe apparently being as diverse in this respect as the rest of the globe * put together * , to the point that africa and the muslim world is just one group ( in the 2015 version at least ) , but europe needs special categories for things as small as the baltic region . 
  most eurosceptics are n't against the common market though , but further * political * integration . 
  i mean , sure , there 's * some * overlap there , but this seems to deliberately conflate the two . 
  look at the brexit for example , it 's the eu that wants the uk out of the common market , not the other way around . 
  i 'm not saying the data is completely made up or something , but it * does * look somewhat distorted . 
  look , let 's apply occam 's razor here , what seems more likely , european countries having special , unique qualities compared to every other region on the planet vs author bias . 
  it 's not * just * an average though , that would be those dots , but they also have a colored surrounding area . 
  but look at india for example , a country with over a billion inhabitants , practically a continent unto itself with radically different groups living there , different languages , different religions and different political views . 
  yet on this map , it 's one dot , with the surrounding area no greater then that of the baltic states . 
  that just seems incredibly unlikely to me . 
  so let me get this straight . 
  if i * do n't * believe european countries are special snowflakes and all other places are basically the same , billions of people living there notwithstanding ... * that 's * when i 'm a xenophobe ? 
  that makes no goddamn sense whatsoever . 
  i mean that it seems that whoever made this is western him/herself , so they 're going to be more sensitive to differences between * those * countries , while understating the differences in other places . 
   because it would be disrespecting the religion and the people 's beliefs ... so ? 
  i do n't really see a problem here . 
  i find the notion of outlawing `` disrespect '' much more troubling then burning a quran . 
   and we do n't burn them burning them would n't be illegal though . 
  i 'm not saying that we - should - be burning books , but that does n't mean it should be illegal . 
  the law is a blacklist , not a whitelist . 
  why would attacking a religion not be fair game though ? 
  those religions usually are openly hostile towards other religions and atheists as well . 
  the books are , at least . 
  i find it somewhat hard to believe that europe/the west is just as diverse in this respect as the rest of the world combined . 
  i 'm almost afraid to ask at this point , but is tuna fish ok ? 
  because i do love myself some tuna pizzas . 
  but i also like pineapple ones ... 
  was that last sentence really necessary ? 
  when you criticize mindless bashing but follow up with mindless bashing , it kind of deflates the point you were making . 
  the problem is that the polls overcorrected after initially underreporting his results . 
  initial as in a couple of years ago , so they 've been wrestling with his numbers for quite a while now . 
   anyway , there was no eu involved , so i do n't understand how that is relevant for discussing a potential federation . 
  a federation will need an army , and that is n't going to have the portuguese or estonian one as its backbone .
