  that would assume though that other parties wo n't help to ratify the agreement , did n't the cda ( christian democrats ) and d66 ( libdems ) strike a deal with the pm to support him ? 
  that 's more or less the norm , as far as i can tell . 
  250 people died here , who the hell would downvote this ? 
  personally , not exactly a big fan of the mass migration thing , but even if these most likely are economic migrants and not refugees , christ man , they 're human beings . 
  i was wondering when this would happen . 
  looks like the raqqa assault will just happen to involve turkey going straight through kurdish areas with their army , no wonder they did n't want any turkish involvement in mosul . 
  the us situation is unique though , because it 's at the center of worldwide attention and everybody ( comparatively speaking ) speaks its language , can understand and consume the media , no wonder non-americans know more about the us than vice versa and that says more about the u.s. being successful than about its residents being ignorant . 
  done !, 
  small warning though , surveys usually are n't allowed , so if you have n't cleared this with the mods this post might disappear in a poof of smoke . 
  you can rate the smoke on a scale of 1 to 5 , but please state your nationality and age first . 
  well , of course . 
  british firms are doing better because of the global economy that 's doing better , the pound is down because any kind of big change will upset the markets , and none of this has anything to do with the long term effects of the uk leaving the eu . 
  aaaand they have a signal !, 
  nice , here 's to hoping everything is still in one piece . 
  i can only give you my own anecdote , but mine did n't . 
  though to be fair , that was over 10 years ago and i did n't have to do the parking test either which made me really happy because i ca n't park backwards . 
  you wo n't hear me disagreeing . 
  the only argument i could have against gay marriage is that i do n't believe in marriage as a legal construct , because unlike the point of view presented here by the protesters , i - do - believe it 's a social contract between two ( or hell , more ) people who love each other and since it 's primarely a social phenomenom , it should be outside of the governments jurisdiction , but that 's about it . 
  according to their website , ( and with the help of google translate ) they 're not against gay unions , but see marriage not as a social contract between two people who love each other , but as the basis of a family unit , so it 's about having children growing up in a conventional arrangement . 
  gay adaption is the biggest problem to them , with gay marriage leading to that . 
  i ca n't imagine other members with a strong independence movement like spain being especially thrilled by scotland remaining a part of the union , threats of not automatically gaining membership have been used as a deterrent in the past . 
  i bloody well hope so , it would be rather alarming if that - was n't - a required part of learning how to drive , regardless of the country , 
   for decades now in the netherlands drivers have been trained ( and tested for their licenses ) on a behavior that dramatically reduces the risk of doorings . 
  nope , that is n't true at all . 
  would n't it be nice if journalists would stop making shit up ? 
  nah , it 's more about what they put an emphasis on , not some conspiracy . 
   there is also a principle called `` primacy of eu law '' which says that all eu legislation supersedes national law in the event of a conflict but that 's just it , it does so de facto , but the eu is a virtual confederation , not a fully blown one . 
  the constitution never got ratified so it only supersedes national law because national law says so . 
  which of course means very little because practice trumps theory , but the sovereign actors are individual states . 
  for example , the eu is n't a member state of the un , its individual member states are . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  with national sovereignty superseding the eu level , how do the regulations and decisions work from a legal perspective ? 
  catch-all laws that are implemented on a national level as a `` loophole '' of sorts when a country becomes a member i suppose ? 
  probably a silly question , because you also need those for directives i suppose ... - edit - just to be contrarian  , now that i think about it , if that 's the case that still means i could argue that there technically are n't any eu laws because ultimately these are still derived from legislative power given on the national level . 
  which of course would be taking de jure over de facto , just because i can . 
  there are no eu laws , only directives that are implemented on a national level . 
  it wo n't end the war , but it 's worth a try . 
  perhaps it will deter sympathizers . 
  yeah , but that 's how they selll it to their nato partners . 
  is is a doomsday cult , according to their interpretation of islam the end time is right now , they 'll lose the battle in syria with that town being their last stand and just when all is lost jesus will return and will announce too all the world that mohamed is the true prophet . 
  wacky , i know . 
  so getting control of the area is two birds with one stone for turkey , both against is and the kurds . 
  turkey and friends are getting close to surrounding dabiq though , that 's bound to be very important for ideological reasons , with it being the last stand before jesus returns and all that armageddon jazz . 
  kind of a catch 22 for the americans here in an eventual mosul assault , either piss off the iraqi government and probably the kurds , or turkey , who they need in syria . 
  i wonder of russia will present itself as a mediator , they need the pr . 
  that 's nice . 
  not an actual argument though . 
  i already explained that this is n't necessarily evidence of contact and how these artifacts could have wound up in china , i gave a reason why the article might want to present these things in a really flashy way ( like the claim that the terracotta army was based on greek art ) . 
  you on the other hand come with an insult . 
  oh sure , i was just a bit peeved that this was being presented as something new or proof of contact . 
  i love stuff like this , check out more recent indus valley discoveries , even more old timey goodness . 
  makes sense , the uk and other european countries are now trying to screw each other over to have a better negotiation position when the brexit actually happens . 
  does n't make these kind of moves any less dickish though . 
  i 'm was talking about the article itself , a reporter writing something is not the same thing as an expert actually - saying - that . 
  also , this is proof of indirect contact at best , an idea that is n't revolutionary . 
  so yes , i did read the article . 
  i also tried to apply some critical thinking . 
  also , this being largely based on a claim by a chinese expert does raise a bit of a red flag , they 've been known to exaggerate in the past . 
  lots of weasel words in that article and the cited evidence is that they usually did n't make statues of people in china so that somehow proves a contact with the greeks ? 
  i mean , it 's not impossible , but that seems really weak as far as evidence goes . 
  even if they were influenced by greek art that does n't mean direct contact , trade could have gone from the greeks to party a , a to b and b to china . 
  of course , this is just an article written by a layman journalist , who knows what * actual * archaeologists are saying . 
  i never said that , i just do n't think this is a black and white issue , i do n't believe in blindly praising multiculturalism and the glorious open society , nor do i believe that every single muslim is a fanatical monster out to kill , rape and pillage . 
  they kind of did that by asking the * support for violence * question ( and the 8 not saying no that that question is kind of worrying , even if it is low , but on the other hand the source does n't say whether or no this is because of people agreeing or simply abstaining from answering ) . 
  i can * somewhat * see why they would ask a fuzzy question this way though , you want people to tell you what they really think and not give the socially `` correct '' answer . 
  assuming the pollsters care about the truth to begin with of course . 
  who knows . 
  sure , everybody lies to some degree , it 's only the extent that varies . 
  well that 's usually the case with polls is n't it , the questions are vague and the conclusions depend on who pays for them . 
  here are some questions and results - in dutch only unfortunately : http://www.humo.be/humo-archief/370151/humos-grote-islam-enquete-1-een-op-de-vijf-moslims-heeft-begrip-voor-is the relevant question is : `` i have no understanding for is '' 73 % agrees , 20 % disagrees , 7 % no opinion 92 % also do n't agree with islam calling for violence against non-believers . 
  are there people who still live in those caves in cappadocia ? 
  do n't you mean * when * ? 
  is n't that what makes uber unique though ? 
  without that model it would just be another taxi company . 
  i mean , it technically counts , but that 's a bit * meh * . 
  i honestly do n't see this going anywhere , but good on them for trying . 
  i hope others join in to add more pressure . 
  they `` dealt '' with it by making uber * pop * illegal over here . 
  - edited for clarification -, 
  the article did n't mention - why - it was dangerous , but that is indeed a * very * good argument against their system . 
  point conceded  . 
  that speed difference is going to be a problem for - all - automated cars and trucks though , i wonder what the solution will be . 
  mobileye has a motive to be extra critical of tesla though , since they no longer supply the cameras and tesla is developing their own software , which really soured their relationship . 
  while obviously qualified to make comments because it 's their area of expertise , they 're hardly a neutral party in this matter . 
  i do n't own one , but from what i can find online it * does * give warnings and forces you to have your hands on the wheel at all times . 
  nice bit of protectionism there , the cited internal ministery is calling it dangerous when the only instance of an accident did n't turn out to have anything to do with lane control at all , but was a misreported case of human error . 
  well , protectionism or ignorance , but it would n't surprise me if the bundesland calling for an investigation just * happened * to be one with a large automobile industry . 
  there really is no `` good '' or `` bad '' side of history , humans bestow a meaning to things , not abstract concepts like the universe or time itself . 
  franta = france ? 
  ok , combined with the other article about suing russia i 'm convinced the us is just straight up trolling everybody . 
  the sad part is that in a way , they 're actually correct . 
  russia does some shady things sometimes . 
  as does every other major power , and they should - all - be able to be held accountable . 
  of course , with * the us * saying this , these words ring hollow and this whole farce just becomes a really , really bad joke and that fatally undermines what is in and by itself a good idea . 
  in this case perhaps a bit more like a bitter ex spreading rumors , but sure , this is a very human response and one that will simmer down over time . 
  what i ca n't condone however are the constant ad hominem attacks , the constant droning on how * evil * people are just because they happen to disagree on something . 
  but this is hardly just a progressive issue of course . 
  attack the pound 2 . 
  markets respond to this attack 3 . 
  cite market response as justification for attack that 's just plain mixing up cause and effect .
