  one of the only few instances he 's actually been in favor of something instead of being against it . 
  hurr durr ` murikans are stupid . . could you find a random african country on a map ? 
  i 'm willing to bet most people ca n't . 
  i think that because human being are emotionally driven beings and not robots . 
  no , i 'm not assuming everyone should stay a virgin 'till they meet their `` special someone '' and stay married until they die , but in order for there not to be - anything - there when you 're talking about an intimate thing like sex ( deep within the normal boundaries of a persons comfort zone ) someone would either have to be severely autistic , sociopathic or something along those lines ( i do n't mean those terms as insults btw ) , or those natural emotional cues and impulses are suppressed by drugs of some sort , which in turn would explain the high number of partners . 
  again , what i 'm - not - implying is that this is a bad or immoral person , there are no victims in this scenario . 
  i 'd think that said person has a problem with emotional attachments , and ridiculing or shaming that person does absolutely nothing to help rectify the situation . 
  the sex in and by itself is n't problem though , as long as they used a condom and did n't turn into a walking std wildfire . 
  sure , why not . 
  it 's a free country . 
  monkey tails for all . 
  apenstaartje is for the elderly and computer illiterate . 
  in other words , most people . . 
  the word you are looking for is `` discrimination '' . 
  maybe you should google that w. . . sorry , cheap shot . 
  with distance comes the potential for objectivity , but also the potential for ignorance . 
  now , do you think asking europeans , on reddit , on r/europe , is going to give you anything remotely resembling an objective view ? 
  and more importantly , is it going to be well-founded and insightful ? 
  i very much doubt so . 
  yeah i thought it might be but i was n't sure . 
  it 's not really a topic that people tend to discuss at great length . . hello , i am sven from norway !, 
  hello sven !, 
  i am . . slavic slavlov ... from slavistan . 
  let 's talk about socks !, 
  how dare you mock proper feetwear !, 
  a white sock killed my father !, 
  damn sock apologists . . 
  seriously ? 
  wearing white socks is like , the only fashion crime you could possible commit . 
  i mean what 's next , white socks . . and - sandals - ? 
  it 's about standards , people . 
  never wear white socks . 
  we stopped hating ze germans about 15 years ago ( at least over here , near the german border , maybe hollanders feel differently ) . 
  it 's about '74 now , not wwii . 
  mostly . 
  do n't trust any dutchman who tells you to go `` immer gerade aus '' when asking for directions though . 
  in the netherlands it 's mostly popular with the homosexual community and elderly women . 
  everybody else claims not to care . 
  yet people still complain about how it 's all an eastern-european political conspiracy . 
  i tend to like it because of how awful it is . 
  so . . what if the countries that voted no decide not to go along with this , even though they might be legally obligated , what would happen ? 
  i wonder if the great sweet/salty popcorn divide is related to young vs old , with children preferring the sweeter version . 
  oh and salty for me btw , but i honestly do n't know what most people would prefer over here . 
  europe is already one of the most densely populated areas on earth , most of the biggest pressing problems for humanity as a a whole right now are a result of overpopulation . 
  the distribution of immigrants wo n't be even , not between countries and not inside countries themselves . 
  helping them does n't mean they all have to come here 4 . 
  with automatization , the future job market does n't look all that well for ( for all intents and purposes , their diplomas are n't valid here ) uneducated immigrants . 
  what ... 6 . 
  what ??? 
  ok , you 're just faking here to make to pro-immigration people look bad , right ? 
  [ standaardnederlands ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/standaardnederlands ) , previously known as abn , common civilized dutch . 
  haarlem is sometimes considered to be the place where most people speak `` neutral '' dutch , but i do n't think there is any * one * place actually . 
  too many small variations . 
  thanks for not blowing up the world !, 
  it 's got to be so incredibly weird to see someone else playing `` you '' in a movie though . 
  back then or right now ? 
  anyway , that would be a respective yes and a no , not anymore . 
  i saw the whole thing happening on a live feed and this article is full of it . 
  the local state news ( pretty left wing ) later even had some translations of what people were saying , including an immigrant shouting they should attack and breach the border by force in half an hour . 
  the only way i can see this even remotely working is if the enormous pool of new labour is used for some kind of plan that , well , has to be enormous in scale . 
  gigantic . 
  like the autobahns in germany or the waterworks here in the netherlands , something that keeps a large amount of people occupied and at the same time is something that 's so large-scale that under normal circumstances it would n't be feasible . 
  i 'm at a complete loss what that project should be though . 
  also , that would involve long term planning and thinking in scale that most european leaders are afraid to nowadays . 
  according to the article these numbers come from the cbs , the central bureau for statistics , which is an official governmental institute . 
  the eu is an immovable object that works at glacial speeds , in no way has it ever shown to be capable of dealing with any kind of crisis situation without a long process that takes way , way longer than the kind of pressure we 're talking about there . 
  there is no eu to rely on , they will never be there on time . 
  well i wo n't vote for him for exactly those reasons , but the rest seem to keep their heads buried in the sand hoping the bad thing will pass and go away . 
  he held a speech about immigration the other day . 
  about how grave this situation was and how it effects a lot of people , the people politicians are supposed to represent . 
  and , in his typical way , going completely overboard with it , even bordering on xenophobia . 
  but instead of having any kind of counterargument the other politicans there just attacked him personally . 
  how weak and pathetic that they can not even counter him with ideas and just fall back on common slur , even though they accuse him of just appealing to people 's baser instincts . 
  he was n't wrong you know . 
  an . . incomplete version of the truth and lacking compassion , but he was n't wrong . 
  you 'd still send healthy men to do that , especially since . . well i do n't know - what - they think . 
  they 're going on some kind of great journey towards a german or swedish valhalla ? 
  if only they get there they can withstand any hardship because they 'll be greeted with open arms and . . stuff ? 
  maybe it 's just as simple as `` well other people are going '' , i do n't know . 
  well , wilders would need a coalition to get 75 seats . 
  so with the cda and vvd , they 'd get 26 +22 +21 = 69 . 
  not enough . 
  in fact , that 's a problem for dutch politics in general and perhaps the main reason the vvd and pvda are staying together in the current construction , even though they do n't have a majority in the senate . 
  there literally would n't be a way to create a coalition right now that would respect the voter 's wishes and not consist of waaay too many parties . 
  march 15th 2017 . 
  assuming the government does n't collapse , i might be wrong but i do n't think there has been one that completed the full 4 years since 2002 . 
  this is one of the polls : http://www.noties.nl/v/get.php?a=peil.nl&amp;f=voorkeur.jpg&amp;cache=0 there are more parties but these are the biggest ones , wilder 's party is the pvv and the current ruling coalition is vvd+p vda . 
  the legend on the right goes as follows : conservative liberals , labour/social democrats , socialists , nationalists , progressive liberals , christian democrats , leftist christians , greens , elderly party , animal rights party . 
  level of education and employment status can depend on ethnicity and religion . 
  although i agree that social-economic circumstances are probably more important than those , i think it might be a bit too easy to just discount them altogether . 
  well anyway , i might not fully agree with you but at least you 've got a well thought out point of view . 
  kudos for that , i might have been a wee bit too confrontational back there . 
  if family reunification can lead to their family members going directly to their destination country instead of having to travel by foot through all these countries under these circumstances , it would make sense that strong young men would make that journey and not women or children . 
  well that combined with economic migrants that are just trying their luck . 
  `` everyone i worked with had a strong dislike of him '' . 
  anecdotal evidence is not proof . 
  most people i know are sympathetic towards him and they 're not `` tokkies '' either . 
  listen , i 'm not going to vote for him , but the problem is that your original statement is so wrong it 's not even funny . 
  factually incorrect and insanely illogical , this is the kind of crap that forces people to the far right . 
  for example , how far detached from reality are you that you think those threats comes from ethnic dutchmen ?
