  the only things coming out of russia are gas and nuclear . 
  reasonable or not , the article is true . 
  how else would you describe a nationalist and a turkish minority party working together with the former communist party ? 
  yes , it happened in bulgaria . 
  they created a government together ( 2013-2014 ) . 
  the common thing between them is their russian funding . 
  that 's not the way it works . 
  the russian playbook is - buy politicians and parties , use them to award nuclear/gas/millitary projects to russia . 
  if things do n't go russia 's way , the same guys create political diversions . 
  these `` politicians '' do n't care about their countries , they only care about getting their share of the russian pie . 
  in bulgaria the problem is huge - more than half of the parties in parliament are ** owned ** by russia - bsp , abv , dps , ataka . 
  the governing party is supposed to be pro eu , but the prime minister has known ties with lukoil 's bulgarian representative . 
  so he 's getting some of russia 's pie for sure . 
  even though a few years ago , just like that russia staged a diversion and actually brought down his government !, 
  all these russian backed parties created a government of the minority and ruled for a year . 
  during this time belene nuclear plant and south stream ( re ) started . 
  now both are canceled , but russia sued and won 600 million euros for nuclear equipment that nobody has ever seen . 
  btw bulgaria gets 100 % of its natural gas from russia while paying the highest prices in the eu . 
  also a lot of russians have bought properties on the black sea cost and now there are entire russian villages . 
  hopefully putin does n't decide to liberate them soon . 
  the problem is enormous and i do n't really see a way out . 
  edit : article suggest fight propaganda with propaganda , but that 's really not the problem . 
  it 's known that there 's an active fifth column, 
  for a person with `` high cognitive capabilities '' you seem to be missing the point of the article , which is - a russian person was sent to jail for stating historical facts . 
  stop acting like a victim and stop defending putin 's atrocities . 
  give us some actual positive news out of russia , not putin propaganda . 
  i know that 's pretty hard to do . 
  junk food was simply not manufactured and everything that was imported was sold in special stores for the communist elite . 
  top kek bro, 
  mandatory exercises every morning before school , mandatory phys.ed . 
  classes also help , but yeah the biggest reason is probably that there was almost no junk food . 
  and another thing romania did better than bulgaria !, 
  why are romanians so religious ? 
  communism denounces religion . 
  did chaushesku encourage religion or something ? 
  politico is a joke . 
  it 's high time germany acknowledged their disastrous role in this `` refugee '' crisis . 
  the first wave of refugees hit bulgaria in 2013 . 
  nobody in the eu cared about them at that time . 
  despite bulgarian authorities efforts to keep them almost all managed to find their way west . 
  they find the conditions in germany to be good and call on their relatives/friends . 
  merkel reacts with her `` we 'll manage '' speech , which triggers even more migrants to take the path to eden , germany . 
  that 's the huge wave that struck the eu in 2015 . 
  so not only germany did n't react at the start of the crisis , but even made it worse . 
  it 's actually kebabday from doner kebab . 
  let turkey in but kick greece out . 
  what a bunch of populist bullshit . 
  of course it 's politico ... 
  cng is huge in bulgaria , because it 's almost 50 % cheaper than regular gas/diesel . 
  probably 90 % of older cars are on cng and you can charge at any gas station . 
  almost any car can be converted to run on cng . 
  also all the taxis run on methane , which i think requires higher pressure than cng and is even cheaper . 
  so using natural gas is definitely doable . 
  yeah , does n't surprise me . 
  unfortunately we have these situations with gypsies regularly . 
  what 's funny is that they also happen between 2 different gypsy clans . 
  even gypsies ca n't stand gypsies . 
  everyone wants to be a roman !, 
  enjoy it now !, 
  all hail glorious putin , who has europe in his iron grip !, 
  let 's just give putin the whole ukraine , so that slovakia has a border with russia and can sell them kias directly !, 
  the sanctions hurt russia way more than they hurt the eu . 
  the fact that putin 's muppets are out in full force speaking against them says that they 're working . 
  turkey 's diplomacy is like the civ 5 ai . 
  you never know what they 'll do next . 
  best friends in a moment , denounces you in the next for no reason . 
  wow even if reddit reading turks buy erdogan 's propaganda turkey is worse than i thought . 
  coup or not there 's no excuse for what erdogan is doing in turkey right now . 
  i guess `` every nation gets the government it deserves . '', 
  yes , because it works so well and no migrants will ever try to go back . 
  i fell like you germans live in some parallel universe . 
  deported to bulgaria !?!, 
  lol, 
  i really hope you 're right , but i 'm afraid erdogan will use the `` coup '' as an excuse to kill any and all opposition he has . 
  they might have not participated in anything . 
  erdogan can accuse anyone who does n't worship him right now . 
  if all these people participated in the `` coup '' would n't it be a lot better organized ? 
  how the fuck does a judge aid coups ? 
  truly sad times for turkey and the region ahead . 
  edit : the west wo n't do shit . 
  only you can help yourselves . 
  do n't see how when even in istanbul so many islamist fanatics flooded the streets so quickly . 
  another thing that was very weird about this `` coup '' - why did they start it at the tv primetime - 9-10pm ? 
  the coup 's main goal is to capture the current leadership and that 's easiest done in the middle of the night - when they sleep . 
  the only point of doing it in the prime time is to gain the public 's support , but the army must have known that only erdogan 's fanatics will flood the streets and most importantly they did n't even try to ask for public support . 
  their lone message was to stay at home . 
  it all smells too fishy . 
  get all secular turks to transfer to the european part of turkey . 
  bomb the bosphorus bridges . 
  boom , problem solved !, 
   thousands of judges fired ' - reports  posted at 15:39   turkey 's state news agency anadolu and the ntv news channel both report that 2,745 judges were fired across the country on saturday . 
    the decision was taken by the body overseeing judges and prosecutors - the meeting was reportedly held to discuss disciplinary measures against those suspected of having links with alleged coup plotter fetullah gulen . 
  the purge begins . 
  soon the eu will border an iran like islamic republic ... 
  sadly it appears that he did enough . 
  rip secular turkey . 
  wishful thinking . 
  turkey will go full islamist as you happily hand over all the power to erdogan ... 
  wtf ... do you know who they support ? 
  shit , the islamists appear to gain more power .
