  bulgaria has like 10 operational ancient mig-29 ... military equipment is n't cheap and smaller countries have to spend a lot more than 2 % to have anything that matters . 
  it 's just that posts on / r/europe about romania is too damn high . 
  it 'll be interesting to see subscriber demographics . 
  sometimes i think that this is / r/romania ... bulgaria elects a pro-russian president . 
  prime minister resigns as effect and top post is about romania being surrounded ... 
  lol never underestimate russian propaganda . 
  even reddit users are brain-washed ... fucking sad . 
  he 's not a member of bsp because the military is forbidden be members of any parties . 
  he 's a communist by heart and ideas . 
  we have no problems with that if you do n't call people who have died for bulgaria - macedonians . 
  there was no macedonian nation before the ussr and yugoslavia created it . 
  gotse delchev , dame gruev , yane sandanski were all bulgarians . 
  even if some of them had the idea of independent macedonian state , it was to achieve the same thing like eastern rumelia - semi-autonomy first , unification with bulgaria later . 
  claiming that clement of ohrid , samuil of bulgaria are macedonians , translating and modifying dimitar talev 's work to fit macedonism and god knows what else are just historical crimes . 
  the funny thing is it was n't posted by a bulgarian , but by - / u/intromatt - the resident canadian / r/bulgaria astika shitposter . 
  here 's the [ post . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/bulgaria/comments/671yg3/fruit_cups_are_for_sissies/ ), 
  come to bulgaria - almost the same price as turkey , just worse service . 
   arguably better beaches . 
  it 's perfect . 
  fits right in fyrom 's ambitions . 
  they could also make millions from star trek tourists . 
  probably will have to pay a copyright fee , but i 'm sure greece will help them with that . 
  the funny thing is they actually stole 2 countries ' histories . 
  ancient greek and medieval bulgarian , which makes absolutely no sense !, 
  :d bulgarian politicians are pussies though and will accept fyrom in the eu because of some sort of twisted `` brotherhood '' feelings . 
  so thank you greece , for not allowing this blatant history theft . 
  it did n't emerge naturally . 
  cyril and methodius created the glagolithic script by commission of byzantium . 
  bulgarians rulers at the time were big on christianity and culture and funded 2 literary schools - in preslav and ochrid . 
  scholars in those schools took the glagolithic alphabet and simplified it to create the cyrillic alphabet . 
  i doubt it . 
  probably there 's the same thing in the rest of eastern eu . 
  the way it works is - the bulgarian shipping company has a warehouse in the uk . 
  when you order online you deliver to their warehouse . 
  they load a truck when enough goods are delivered and ship it to their bulgarian warehouse where you go and take your stuff . 
  the one that i use - gabco.org has twice weekly shipments from the uk . 
  it 's the same setup that others offer for buying stuff from the us that ca n't be shipped internationally . 
  i 'm sure you have that in the uk . 
  shopping from the uk is popular because websites are in english and like i said everything 's cheaper . 
  even if the company has a bulgarian branch - next.co.uk for example , they never have the sales that they do for the uk . 
  brexit will probably stop this and germany will take all the shopping . 
  wow you 're a genius !, 
  never thought of that before . 
  thanks !, 
  there are companies that deliver for 1 euro/kg from the uk/germany . 
  that 's cheaper than to have something delivered within sofia . 
  these companies exist because almost everything is cheaper and of higher quality in western europe . 
  thanks chechia for doing what our bought `` politicians '' do n't dare mention !, 
  this fucking corporate exploitation of poorer countries needs to stop . 
  it makes me sick that they even do it with baby products - foods and everything . 
  recently pampers `` premium '' changed their diapers for the bulgarian market and they 're obviously of much much lower quality . 
  we had to order pampers off of amazon.co.uk, 
  i 'm sure there 's some being exported to the eu , i do n't think there 's much demand for bulgarian yogurt though . 
  whereas in japan it 's really famous . 
  japan actually produce twice the amount of `` bulgarian yogurt '' than all bulgarian companies . 
  probably not even that - you do n't need a very thick veil to do business in russia . 
  siemens has been caught bribing not once or twice . 
  their counter measures were `` compliance '' trainings for all their employees . 
  finally japan will taste real bulgarian yogurt - bor tchvor !, 
  does watching savjz stream count ? 
  and then there 's bulgaria ( romania too may be ) that want to join , but the eu wo n't let them in . 
  which for bulgaria does n't make sense , because our currency is on a fixed rate to the euro . 
  so it 's basically the same thing . 
  suck it europe !, 
  we 're first in something !, 
  i think you 're confusing bulgaromania with turkey . 
  ye , i 'm extra triggered that we only get the gypsies ... 
  it must be modern . 
  i thought that germany did n't unify until the 19th century and they had a lot of smaller `` states '' up to that point . 
  would you care if they claimed they 're the descendants of the ancient croatians and tomislav of croatia was their king and raised a huge statue of his in their capital ? 
  the [ 1 lev \\ ( bgn \\ ) coin ] ( https://thumb1.shutterstock.com/display_pic_with_logo/162208768/541850098/stock-photo-one-bulgarian-lew-coin-and-similar-one-euro-coin-isolated-on-white-background-541850098.jpg ) also looks exactly the same as 1 euro , but the conversion rate is 1 euro = almost 2 leva . 
  also 2 leva coin is the same as 2 euros . 
  how is this a local crime ? 
  did you miss that it was a swedish tourist in bulgaria ? 
  we want to be as poor as you guys ... 
  it does n't sound stupid . 
  it 's always been czechia in bulgarian . 
  also ia is a very common suffix for countries - austria , romania , estonia , latvia , etc. . . also in bulgarian - hungaria , anglia , germania , 
  lots of german companies have offices/branches in the us . 
  i guess they assist their employees with visas and stuff . 
  thanks . 
  that makes more sense . 
  their army is an unorganized mess with lots of equipment , but poorly trained conscription soldiers . 
  i 'm sure turkey is defacto isolated in nato after the `` coup '' and they 're kept as an official member because of their bases and because erdogollum continues to buy american . 
  do n't they tap down/search people entering such big public events in the uk ? 
  how did they miss a fucking bomb ? 
  especially considering this was probably a middle-eastern male going to a concert mostly attended by teen girls . 
  i ca n't get in with a closed water bottle at a concert ffs ... 
  lol a doctor ? 
  what a great argument against direct democracy !, 
  ... and yes i 've heard of the swiss , but they 're a very special , isolated incident that ca n't be duplicated elsewhere . 
  bulgaria was the only former communist country that did n't get rid of the communists . 
  they just changed their name to `` socialists '' and were back in power several years after 89 . 
  currently the `` socialists '' are the second most popular party . 
  the first is run by the former bodyguard of todor zhivkov . 
  the third is the etnic turks party led by a former secret police member . 
  so yeah communists continue ru ( i ) ning the country and there 's no end in sight . 
  fuck that . 
  why should i celebrate the day the soviets enslaved and killed bulgaria 's future for at least a hundred years .
