  `` 26 million superpower '' - like benelux ? 
  it 's even better that it 's a shit hole full of gypsies . 
  it must be nice to live on an island in the middle of the ocean , but georgia , ukraine and moldova have n't been so lucky . 
  attempted coup in montenegro , constant threats to the baltics and poland . 
  basically owning most of bulgarian politicians . 
  yup the situation is peachy . 
  all europe has to do is keep european talent in . 
  we have plenty to go around . 
  we do n't need the asians . 
  they 'll still choose the us or australia just based on hollywood and geography . 
  also a welfare state is attractive to people who think about their future and children . 
  that 's cute . 
  you have a lot of catching up to reach the worst eu country - bulgaria . 
  we were close to 9 million 1989 and soon we 'll be 6 million with 1 million gypsies and rising ... 
  wishful thinking . 
  he 's a russian puppet if i 've ever seen one . 
  his nomination came after several ex-communist leaders visited moscow . 
  thankfully he wo n't do anything about it , because he has no actual power and he 's not the sharpest tool in the box . 
  the worst he can do is read some putin approved speeches . 
  the eu parliament is directly elected in each member country . 
  the eu comission is chosen by the parliament - members are nominated by individual country 's governments . 
  the council consists of members of each country 's governments . 
  so all the ruling bodies of the eu are essentially elected by the people . 
  there 's a bulgarian saying : `` god forbid that a blind one should gain sight . '', 
  i think it applies to some of the cee eu countries - poland , hungary , etc. 
  they 've raised their standard of living significantly since joining the eu and now they think they 're hot shit and do n't need the `` eu technocrats '' . 
  the flood of immigrants plays a big role in the rise of nationalism in western europe and italy , greece . 
  the latter also struggle financially and blame the eu ... 
  i still ca n't wrap my head around how a person nobody voted for will handle the biggest change for the uk in 21st century . 
  it just seems wrong . 
  and do n't give me her party was elected and they voted for her bullshit . 
  rip the city of london . 
  rofl this fucking guy ... 
  shit the military will need to learn english . 
  we 're doomed . 
  you seem to forget about the existence of the black sea for which russia actually invaded and annexed crimea . 
  turkey can also be a big problem for the eu . 
  especially in an alliance with russia . 
  lol stop glamoring russia . 
  this is a country with the same gdp as italy !, 
  paid troll and spies can only do so much . 
  how about we fix the eu first ? 
  pfft . 
  the forecast is for -20 this weekend in fucking bulgaria ... 
  you ca n't be serious ... 
  denying asylum to anis amri worked out great !, 
  i think you mean dobruja . 
  `` sorry we ca n't take you in , but your country does n't want you either ... hmm you 're free to go . '', 
  wtf ?!, 
  one of the countries that has probably benefited the most from the eu is telling the eu to fuck off ... ca n't make this shit up ... 
  well no . 
  the terrorist is n't a cyborg you know , i 'm sure he can be easily spotted ( appearance , body language and what not ) if there was anyone to look for him . 
  i call them incompetent because they caught the wrong guy and seem like they have no idea where the actual terrorist went . 
  which is absurd when we 're talking about the center of berlin , not some remote village in the forest . 
  not only there was no police near such a public event , but there seems to be no cctv either . 
  if it 's so easy to kill so many people and get away with it , germany will become prime target for isis . 
  i 'm sure i 'll have many replies saying that it 's hard getting the right guy in all the chaos and what not , but these are all excuses . 
  this situation shows absurd levels of incompetence in security . 
  honestly once it 's over the government should just resign . 
  how many of those 2 % are integrated into european values ? 
  these same people go back to turkey every summer and pass through my country . 
  when they step out of their bmws they act like they just dismounted their camels . 
  despite living in germany for decades these people are still living in the 18th century culturally . 
  if you ca n't integrate them you ca n't even think of integrating millions of muslims at once ... 
  [ they 'll just reelect merkel ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/962/640/658.png ), 
  yeah , germany must accept more muslim immigrants !, 
  that will teach them !, 
  must be the dirty poles . 
  please invade and replace them with peaceful muslims . 
  politico.eu - where political journalism is rolling in its grave . 
  napoleon , hitler , juncker ... hmm one thing is not like the others . 
  germany needs them arab `` engineers '' and `` doctors '' . 
  stop calling them refugees . 
  people who run from war do n't start one . 
  these are illegal immigrants . 
  nationalists certainly will exploit these events and will win big in the upcoming elections , but to claim that they have somehow incited these riots is ridiculous . 
  also not true that no one was hurt . 
  at least 1 policeman was seriously hurt by a thrown stone . 
  stop insinuating it was some kind of peaceful protest by cultured people . 
  there are videos for everyone to see . 
  this is a full blown middle eastern riot . 
  events are ongoing right now . 
  update : a second riot erupted a few hours ago - [ video from a tv station ] ( http://www.vbox7.com/play:5d3f8e4de1&amp;start=55 ) . 
  the results are 200 migrants arrested . 
  14 policemen lightly injured . 
  every turk i 've met hates china , because they compete in the same economic areas . 
  this alliance makes no sense , but hey it 's erdogan ... 
  it 's a free country , comrade . 
  everyone has the right to express themselves . 
  a wonderful concept i tell you . 
  look it up sometime . 
  it 's time for you to brexit / r/europe . 
  lol, 
  tell that to putin , the tiny man with big nukes . 
  money talks the same . 
  i bet you that once his term is over , trump towers will start popping up all over russia . 
  just like a certain german ex-prime minister ( gerhard schroeder ) turned gazprom 's poster boy !, 
  is it though ? 
  most of nato 's smaller countries have old and very small armies . 
  the baltic countries for example , which russia can take in days , have no air force whatsoever .
