  unfortunately , that sentiment is beginning to fade . 
  i 'm just glad that some still seem to remember that time , the facebook generation is just showing general apathy towards that kind of problem . 
  well , like one according to classic liberal ideas . 
  suum cuique , emphasis on liberty over security , the state being the citizen 's servant , restricted governmental powers , all that . 
  this may sound like a no-brainer , but it 's not like other parties ' line of thinking at all - especially since 9/11 . 
  of course , that social stance asks for certain economic policies as well , but i think people would be able to relate way more if they focused more on those core principles instead of merely the economic results of them . 
  no idea . 
  likely because they do n't know it 's possible . 
  you can simply state that you do n't want that information to be public , and that 's it . 
  just say it in your local buergerbuero when registering . 
  genscher , baum , gerhardt - a lot of people with influence belong to her party wing , and they 're criticizing roesler 's course more and more openly . 
  also look at the younger members , becker is a classic liberal and constantly takes a stand against the party leadership . 
  at the moment , the neoliberals are at the helm , yes , but i 'm hoping this will change in the future and the fdp will focus more on social than economic issues again . 
  otherwise , i 'm not seeing any party i could vote for right now . 
  i think the series has the best writing of any adventure game i 've ever played , and i 've played more or less all of the reputable ones . 
  and that 's a genre that relies almost entirely on writing , so that 's saying something . 
  the only challenger could be day of the tentacle , which everybody should have played as well . 
  monkey island reference . 
  ( you have duels in that game , but they 're decided by witty insults instead of sword fighting skills . ), 
  if you have n't played the game , please do - i think it 's one of the very , very few computer games each and every person can enjoy . 
  problem is that they 're throwing very legitimate concerns about privacy together with a lot of socialist / leftist bullshit . 
  i know a lot of people who would have voted for them if it were n't for that , i myself am one of them . 
  ( also , they appear to be utterly disorganized , but that 's something you can justify in a young party . ), 
  so he looks that much like your fiancee ? 
  `` excellent '' is cyan , `` banned '' is gray . 
  i advise you to see a doctor . 
  tell them that it 's an invention of the romantic era and was blindly claimed to be of roman origin . 
  because you ca n't oppose free-range capitalism for 50 years and then decide to make a 180 turn once this stance leads to consequences you did n't foresee . 
  somebody says that each and every time _ any _ kind of statistic is posted here . 
  yet , none of them have ever been able to explain how exactly the data was manipulated and how they would interpret it to show the us 's true glory . 
  face it , you 're just opening your country to ridicule with your childish reaction . 
  but well-ripened cheese is really expensive even in europe . 
  i do n't think it 's the best idea to try and feed the third world with it . 
   `` they 're giving us free stuff . 
  how dare they ?! '', 
  by god this sounds disgusting . 
  hey , i 'm a lot more deprived than op !, 
  also , i 'm quarter irish , so i want my free food , i 'm hungry !, 
   there is also a men 's day you know you mean schnitzel and blowjob day ? 
  google is not abusing its position . 
  i 've even seem competitor sites come up first when looking for a term related to one of their services . 
  not necessary . 
  we 'll just get our wallets this time . 
  looks like wishing worked . 
  they definitely forgot self-hatred . 
  that applies to just about any suicidal person if you meant it like this . 
  what do you think why they kill themselves , because they 're bored ? 
  suicide of any kind happens when the amount of emotional , psychological or physical pain you are perceiving exceeds the amount you can cope with due to your personality . 
  being severely depressed is in no way a more pleasant condition than any other chronic illness , and it 's just as hard to beat even if you want to . 
  does wikipedia have a way to poll the raw data for things they present in such lists ? 
  it would be trivial to make a chart with average rates 2000-2012 if they do , maybe people would stop bickering ... 
  maybe the creator mistook `` reported homicides '' for `` homicides '' . 
  232 were reported last year , which would bring you to 2.3 , which explains the color . 
   suicide is definitely a very selfish and horrendous act . 
  so basically , you want to force someone to live an excruciatingly painful life so they wo n't hurt you emotionally ? 
  even if they perceive their existence to be more stressful for you than their going away , they are assholes to you for doing the latter ? 
  fuck you . 
  well then , suggest how we should look at these statistics in a way that they favor the us . 
  ... , especially when looking at eastern europe 's 6.4 homicides / 100k ? 
  my son could be named haenschen hodenlarve . 
  even better . 
  i 'm seriously considering changing my name to that . 
  those well-paying jobs are usually quite coveted and only readily available if you have a personal connection to the company or if you learned your trade at their place , as far as i was told . 
  but do n't take my word for it , just try asking them . 
  you can do the applications online quite often , so there wo n't be much effort involved . 
  also , those jobs only pay so well because they 're fucking hell to do if you make your living that way . 
  after 6 weeks ( i only worked there as a summer job ) i started to feel my brain shutting down , and many of the older workers had psychological problems . 
  i would n't want to do this for all my life . 
  truck drivers pay tolls , which is important for logistics . 
  they get billed by a digital surveillance system , though . 
  our unions are extremely influential , though , so they 've got contracts with the industry which guarantee a certain standard . 
  not in germany , at least . 
  but most wages here are decent due to our strong unions , especially for industry workers and the like . 
  ( i once made 120 euros an hour when working in the smithy of a mercedes factory , and my grandfather 's paycheck - he was a lathe operator and an overseer - was higher than those of my parents combined , and both of them are doctors . ), 
  there are some occupations where lack of pay is a problem , though . 
  barbers get paid very little , for instance . 
  firefox does as well , at least in v19 . 
  there are no `` cool pals who hate football '' in europe . 
  ( well , uk maybe . ), 
  i saw a game for the first time last night , and most of my friends just ignore it . 
   i 'm not sure i approve * of the growing number of people living here who speak english only as a second language well , but what are you going to do ? 
  it 's not like you can make english a first language if the grew up with another . 
  you know the wrong people . 
  no need to state one . 
   pavlovian conditioning deems to be politically correct ( a dead giveaway by itself ) this can be repeated as often as you want ( and it will be ) , it 's still bullshit . 
  i despise pc for the exact reason that it is racist , sexist and a lot of other - ists in my opinion . 
  by shifting the focus towards some characteristic that is deemed to make someone needy of special treatment , you are actually saying that those people can not help themselves , and that they are weak , solely based on whatever characteristic you separate them by . 
  saying `` citizens of african descent are in need of our support '' is essentially not at all different from `` niggers are bums '' . 
  the only function this kind of language serves is making the person who uses it feel better about their own `` politically incorrect '' thoughts , which _ everyone _ is bound to have at some point . 
  ( do n't kid yourself . 
  educated people only combat them with reason . ), 
  furthermore , changing the language does not help those who are discriminated against at all . 
  this is called the euphemism / dysphemism treadmill . 
  if a word is currently loaded with stereotypes , those will very quickly taint any new `` pc '' word that is forcibly introduced . 
  this leads to more and more idiotic constructs that become tainted as well , which in turn lead a decrease in accuracy while increasing clutter and thus confusion . 
  i 've heard people calling others `` african-american '' , just because they 're used to that being the `` pc '' term , even if their family never originated from africa and they 're living in germany . 
  * all that while we have perfectly valid words for people with darker skin - `` black '' , `` negro '' and so on are by themselves no more problematic than calling white people white . 
  it 's only their usage by people who wanted to create hatred that made others shun them . 
  but will those agitators stop agitating ? 
  no , they will switch to the next `` acceptable '' word in order not to out themselves right away and the process repeats itself .
