  and as for the clutter , i 'd like to quote an essay from switzerland where gender-neutral speech is law . 
  ( roughly : `` a future teacher 's advisor should have been a proven student 's counsellor before . '' ), 
  ( exactly the same thing , but emphasis is put on the biological sex of the people , rather than on the grammatical genus of `` lehrer '' , `` schueler '' or `` betreuer '' . 
  also , it 's extremely confusing because there are combined words that have to be made gender neutral , so student 's counsellor becomes `` female or male student 's female counsellor or female or male student 's male counsellor '' . ), 
  and to some , this is still `` gender fascism '' , so they require a gender gap or a queer star ( for people between the sexes or completely outside traditional definitions of gender . ), 
  in addition to what i said above , these cases defeat the purpose of written language , as the latter constructs can not be pronounced . 
  ( though some extreme people even tried to introduce them in spoken form , by signalling the symbols with clicks like some african languages have . ), 
  ( just to be clear , that example is fictional , but would have to be enforced by the law in question . 
  again , no change in meaning , but it takes thrice as long to read and five times as long to understand . ), 
  to sum this up , no , i will not let you call me racist or sexist for thinking that this is idiotic . 
  * ( and even for an american of african descent , how can people really think it 's a good and uniting idea to call attention to the fact that they originate from somewhere else and make it sound like they 're 50/50 african and american ? ), 
   i hate the grammatical jiggery-pokery you have to do in english to avoid using an ugly construction like he/she or ( s ) he . 
  just use `` they '' . 
  i know it 's disputed , but according to wikipedia , this kind of usage is traditional . 
  so i would n't see any problem with it , which i do see with artificially forcing a language to adhere to a mindset like those swedes do with `` hen '' ( or german-speaking countries with ... everything ) . 
  and there are only a few cases where it 's ambiguous . 
  i 'm german , not polish . 
  i have not met a single polish person who felt entitled to something , and coming from a rural community , i have met quite a few . 
  all of them were very simple people , content with having a place in a shack somewhere , earning a comparatively good wage for peasant labor during harvest and having a bottle of vodka at night , often inviting us youths over to party with them . 
  none of them were interested in the bigger picture , so what kaczynskyi demands here is just populism catering to the nationalists . 
  furthermore , i was only pointing out how badly constructed your argument was , without ever stating a political opinion . 
  i believe you do not understand the concept of what constitutes being a king . 
  you fought ? 
  sorry , we did n't notice . 
   the indicators used in this index are :  - cognitive skills : pisa , timss and pirls scores in reading , maths and science ok , so it 's bullshit . 
  i know scores of pisa attendants who have just been told `` if you 're finished , you can go home '' . 
  as the tests never affected their marks , they would just get up and leave at the worst , and at best half-ass the job . 
  in comparison , i 've heard students from other nations being extensively trained to meet the exact requirements of the tests . 
  this says nothing . 
  man sagt trotzdem `` they '' . 
  : wiktionary : 2 . 
  ( the third person singular , disputed ) a single person , previously mentioned , but of unknown or irrelevant gender . 
  [ since the 1400s ], 
  yeah , sure , that 's why we are not actually joining any of the us 's wars . 
  most of our soldiers educate police forces and the like , few ever see heavy combat . 
  source : was a german soldier . 
  on tor ? 
  where ? 
  i 've stumbled upon piles of shit ( and a few jewels ) there , but never that . 
  ( surprisingly enough . ), 
  also : `` that 's why they were puzzled . '', 
  in an ethics and philosophy class , you should learn about ethics and philosophy , period . 
  i do n't get why schools should force political views upon children . 
  if ethics and philosophy are taught the correct way , the children will ultimately arrive at the same conclusions , but will hold them more dearly as they themselves thought them up . 
  if they are forced upon them , they will ultimately reject them , and rightfully so . 
  but to do the former , they would actually have to think , which - contrary to the propaganda of the left - is actively discouraged in a politically correct society . 
  you can either be agnostic and religious , or agnostic and not be religious . 
  the question asks for the latter part . 
  if anything , there should be a second question asking if you are gnostic or agnostic , because there is no option but those two . 
  exactly . 
  atheism is a belief , which is what the question is asking for . 
  agnosticism is not a belief , it is a logical conclusion . 
  if explained properly , i think even my grandmother ( who is a devout puritan protestant ) would accept that she is , in fact , agnostic . 
  you have to turn on your reality detector . 
   voices from the other side of the political aisle have likewise been critical . 
  `` we have to set a political example with croatia , '' said social democrat member of european parliament michael roth . 
  zagreb must make improvements quickly `` or the bundestag should not ratify the accession treaty , '' he told spiegel . 
  simple : the quote is forged , or at least paraphrased in an extremely distorting way . 
  ( der spiegel has lost a lot of its integrity over the years . 
  while they 've always been rather leftist , they abandoned their intellectual principles to be more like de-facto-tabloids like welt or focus . 
  for instance , i like how they quote a social democrat saying the exact same thing , but blame the conservatives in the headline . ), 
  in addition to the interview der spiegel quotes , here is the only other place i was able to find that referenced romania and croatia in the same context : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qebmrqipy5m , 35:40 lammert says something along the lines of : '' [ i will say it again that ] after the relevant and exemplary experiences we 've had with the last two nations to join the union , we will surely not repeat the mistake to take declarations of good intentions as a substitute for proof of the completion of the prerequisites to be a member . '', 
  and it is indisputable that some of these prerequisites have not been met . 
  at no point does he say that romania should be excluded from the eu or that the country is not contributing to the eu . 
  but if certain conditions have been defined beforehand , they have to be fulfilled . 
  everything else would be ridiculous . 
  do n't forget the high boots and the cap with a skull on it . 
  hagen rether . 
  rainald grebe . 
  ( off the top of my mind . ), 
  it would be free for anyone but germans , though . 
  ` german ' is a race now ? 
  google can only collect data that way if you actually press it . 
  i do n't know specifically about google , tbh , but at least with facebook it works that way even if you 're logged out . 
  that has been made publicly clear by the fb devs . 
  i assume they all work the same way , google would be stupid not to do that . 
  as for the blocking of said sites , it is possible . 
  but for instance , abp will only do that if you use the gecko engine , and not with webkit . 
  also , as i said , the problem is not one isolated aspect of their user data collection , it is that they pool it all . 
  there are numerous techniques used for tracking out there , for instance browser fingerprinting or lsos , and if you want to make sure , you have to keep up to date with every new thing . 
  this means that it is impossible for any user without a substantial technical knowledge to defend themselves . 
  everywhere you see a facebook button , there is usually a google + button as well . 
  i do n't think fb collects any more data that way than google does . 
  ( if you see those buttons , they stem from their servers , forcing your browser to identify itself with them . ), 
  but in addition to that , google has several tracking networks that you see everywhere . 
  i do n't have time right now to look for a full list , but their network is huge . 
  try the firefox / chromium plugin collusion , it visualizes those tracking networks for you as you browse the web . 
  off the top of my head : everywhere you see something about `` connecting to doubleclick '' , adsense , admob , adwords or analytics means google knows you 've been on that particular page . 
  the only thing that prevents them from knowing completely and for sure is turning off javascript , cookies and frequently changing your ip , which severely cripples your web experience . 
  tl ; dr : google sure as hell does n't need facebook to help them out with collecting user data . 
   privacy concerns ? 
  do n't be a dumbass who uploads everything to his google + account ... which pretty much no one uses anyway . 
  you 're not getting the point . 
  google has different means of tracking you across likely 90 % of websites you visit . 
  that says far more than a measly social networking account . 
  and that is just one of the things they get data from - and now it 's all being pooled . 
  and what is the benefit ? 
  that you see personalized ads ? 
  how is that beneficial to you ? 
  i 've never willingly clicked an ad in my life .
