i do n't know about the greek specifics , but i have the same kind of mindset for banning any extremist group . 
  smashing their organizational structure will just cause them to seep into the whole of society , making them harder to recognize and potentially radicalizing them . 
  just look at the recent drama surrounding the banning of / r/niggers on reddit , to draw a parallel - since then , we 've seen a dramatic increase in brigades and `` troll '' comments that are obviously made by their ilk . 
  the same would happen with banning golden dawn , i think , just on a more relevant level . 
  however , if there are found any organizational ties to gd that helped to orchestrate this murder , show support from the party leadership etc. , they 're simply a criminal organization and must be banned . 
  [ same goes for any other kind of organized criminal activity . ], 
  that 's why it 's crucial to find out if this was just a lone lunatic , in which case it would be uncalled for to link a whole party to the incident . 
  obviously . 
  [ or should i say hopefully ? ], 
   and even more so for atheists, 
  that still sounds crazy . 
  look at the 1992 rates - almost all of the country aborted _ more than two thirds _ of their babies . 
  either there was a fuckload of babies , or this is practically national suicide . 
  and i somehow ca n't believe the former - we 're talking about legal abortions , as i said . 
  and those cost a lot more money than birth control and are more immoral for christians , assuming the orthodox church is n't radically different , and even more so for atheists . 
  so you ca n't just say that those were the poor people who could n't afford birth control . 
  there would have been _ at least _ an absolutely major societal change towards religion , as religious people tend to have more babies and abort less of them . 
  so how did the country survive this without those major changes ? 
  i know russia has changed in the last 20 years , but not as much as you 'd expect from that data . 
  some place aborts 87.5 % of their babies ? 
  i really do n't believe your data , op . 
  maybe this is likelihood of abortion over a lifetime ? 
  edit : and keep in mind that those depicted are _ legal _ abortions . 
  at that rate , a whole country would be snuffed out of existence within two generations . 
  you do n't think a drone with a payload of 100g hovering in front of the chancellors face might be a bit of a security problem ? 
  i hope the entire security team was fired without delay . 
   there was no church at the time the bible was written ... and ? 
  the ten commandments were also there before the church , does that mean they should abandon them ? 
   that 's the first time in my life that i read that people justify church taxes with the bible . 
  then you obviously have n't read too much about the church , or the bible , or church taxes . 
  there are no birth records in the netherlands ?!, 
  learn something new every day ... 
  but still your case must be somewhat exotic to german law . 
  i think it 's much more reasonable to judge from standard practice , not from the way fringe cases are handled . 
  and if we 're talking about standard cases , german law is very reasonable . 
  actually , i can only find a bunch of redpill crap in it , the user does n't seem to be that involved in politics . 
  but i only looked at the first few pages of comments , maybe i just missed it . 
  very funny , but i do n't think there 's a reasonable way to deal with sarcasm if you want to keep your dignity in anything that can be called a productive discourse . 
  no , that 's our job . 
  are you sure you do n't want to live in the us ? 
  seems like that country would be perfect for your moral standards . 
   well / u/muuh-gnu [ 1 ] , of course you are fed up , you do n't like anyone immigrants at all . 
  fuck this attitude . 
  / u/muuh-gnu _ merely _ pointed out a fact . 
  how does that in any way mean that they agree with that sentiment ? 
  being on the `` right '' side of a debate does n't mean that you can just spew any kind of nonsense you can think of , you have to be factually accurate to make your point . 
  unfortunately , it seems like the majority of users here do n't agree with that , seeing how any kind of comment that points out flaws in a popular argument is usually downvoted for no apparent reason . 
  because only loudmouths who think an issue can be summed up in a single sentence comment on such articles . 
  and they typically are n't the brightest people . 
  you `` opt in '' by being baptized . 
  it 's a family choice , and the bible demands that a tenth of your earnings go to the church . 
  so i do n't see anything wrong with it . 
  a tithe of everything from the land , whether grain from the soil or fruit from the trees , belongs to the lord ; it is holy to the lord . 
   germany is secular and the most shops are prohibited to sell on sundays . 
  that 's because germany firmly protects workers ' rights and has a lot of union influence . 
  you also ca n't shop after 20.00 in some states for that reason . 
  how does that tie in with religion ? 
  sunday was just chosen for traditional reasons . 
   germany is secular and you can pay the church-tax ( kirchensteuer ) . 
  that tax does n't go to the state , it goes to the church . 
  having it collected that way is just an efficient way of cutting down on bureaucracy . 
   germany is secular and you can study in the public university to be a teacher of religion ( evangelic or catholic ) : http://www.fastoo.com/#search/lehramt+evangelische+theologie[1] ... so ? 
  theology is one of the oldest subjects to be taught at universities . 
  it was part of the curriculum of the first modern university to ever exist . 
  i do n't know why a secular state should ban it . 
  education of any kind is good . 
   germany is secular and you can teach religion in the public school : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/religionslehrer[2] you can tech it _ if the children want to participate _ . 
  in addition to that , religion classes are very rarely about actual indoctrination after you enter higher education . 
  i had a `` leistungskurs '' [ like a special focus subject ] in catholic theology as an agnostic brought up protestant , and i was applauded for being critical by my teacher . 
  it was my best subject overall , even in abitur [ which is independently reviewed ] , so it ca n't have been just him . 
  so do n't judge based on how the few words you 're read about it make things appear . 
  almost nobody here cares about religion at all , you just keep it to yourself . 
  it 's not the battleground it seems to be elsewhere . 
  i only know about it because people would organize parties in conscious defiance of the tanzverbot . 
  nobody cared , it 's just like having a barbecue on good friday . 
  judging from the language this law was made before 1950 . 
  most likely , it 's just not being changed because the legal process would be a bitch to get through and there are more important things to be done . 
  i know , i know , but thanks for explaining . 
  i oversimplified [ ca n't think of a better word ] for effect . 
   one of the rules of the charter forbids pupils from questioning teachers `` in the name of their religious beliefs '' . 
  vs  no student can invoke their political or religious convictions , in order to dispute a teacher 's right to address a question on the syllabus . 
  if that 's the relevant article , that first paragraph is a blatant lie . 
  edit : i ca n't find anything similar in the document on that website . 
  they 're completely aware that the public does n't give a shit about this , they 're not even trying any more . 
  are you listening , al-quaeda ? 
  i think i might have a target for you that could actually earn you some sympathies worldwide _ and _ be beneficial to your operations . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/how-the-nsa-spies-on-smartphones-including-the-blackberry-a-921161.html `` the nsa and its partner agency , britain 's gchq , focused with similar intensity on another electronic toy : the blackberry . 
  this is particularly interesting given that the canadian company 's product is marketed to a specific target group : companies that buy the devices for their employees . 
  in fact , the device , with its small keypad , is seen as more of a manager 's tool than something suspected terrorists would use to discuss potential attacks . 
  the nsa also shares this assessment , noting that nokia devices were long favored in extremist forums , with apple following in third place and blackberry ranking a distant ninth . '', 
  `` major league terrorism '' . 
  and people still call `` slippery slope '' a fallacy ... 
  oh come on , people complain about `` the hivemind '' all the time . 
  it 's not exactly like i 'm the only one to identify a herd mentality here . 
  no , there is something wrong with the herd mentality that _ makes _ people think that . 
   as it stands , people are going to assume you agree it 's totally fine to jail people for telling minors not to kill gays if you insist to die on this hill because that 's how conversation works . 
  i think your conversation is broken . 
  \\* facepalm \\* [ nazi past , yeah ... ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b7/maerz1848_berlin.jpg ), 
  finding your linkedin profile took about three minutes . 
  you really should n't share your name online ...
