  reddiquette is long dead , downvotes _ do _ express disagreement and a willingness to dismiss an argument . 
  i 'm not talking about downvotes because of karma , i 'm talking about them because they obviously mean that the people downvoting feel aggravated by someone providing a more complete view that does n't comply to their preconceived opinions . 
  yes , of course , to ask for people to provide a complete view on an issue that has been posted about here numerous times is `` needlessly pedantic '' ... why have an informed opinion if you can just go with the flow ? 
  seriously , it 's as if the enlightenment has taught you people nothing at all . 
  it does matter because the article say he `` may be convicted '' - the thread title was editorialized . 
  so to make that distinction allows you to judge the probability of a conviction better , or even just the legal framework it will happen in . 
  you not liking that framework is no reason at all to represent it falsely . 
  for anybody to make an informed decision , _ all _ the facts must be presented , the `` to minors '' part being one of them . 
  the outcome of that decision is none of your business . 
  everything else is purely and simply propaganda , because you 're trying to influence someone to think in a way you approve of . 
   why is it wrong for him to teach minors that gay people exist and they are n't baby eating monsters ? 
  you 're doing the _ exact same _ thing i complained about here . 
  how the fuck did i say that , and how did the person who was originally downvoted ? 
  that 's not even an `` ad hominem '' , that 's a bullshit excuse for a sane sentence . 
  it has something to do with the story , due to the fact that if he would n't have exposed minors to the sign in real life or through social networks , he would n't be liable . 
  that 's rarely stated clearly when this law is discussed , it 's always just called `` gay propaganda law '' . 
  i think you 're inferring too much , as are all the other people downvoting . 
  getting your facts straight is not fucking support !, 
  i 've been accused of supporting anything from sexism to racism because i tried to clarify things or asked for a reasonable debate instead of blatant and narrow-minded hatred , which is simply ridiculous and not at all a sign of the progressive and rational mindset those accusers usually pride themselves on . 
  it is instead a sign of a backwards herd mentality that puts hate on anyone who is even remotely out of line . 
  way to advance humanity , geniuses ... 
  where does it say he 's gay ? 
  `` may be convicted '' . 
  do n't editorialize your titles . 
   there are several allusions to the west german hymn that 's also the problem with it . 
  the song has no merit on its own , it is _ only _ valid as a counterpiece to the deutschlandlied and the nazi rule . 
  as such , it is anything but progressive , it only looks back . 
  this is understandable in the context of post-war times but makes it unfit as a hymn . 
  the deutschlandlied , on the other hand , expresses eternal ideas for the most part and has a huge historic significance in others . 
  i also refuse the idea that it was tainted by nazi rule - it is a song of the inspired people who tried to bring on german unification , not an aggressive or violent song but a hopeful and uniting one . 
  using the third stanza only is a bad idea because it references the other two . 
  `` einigkeit '' [ unity ] is n't meant to say that the existing inhabitants of a german nation should hold together . 
  `` danach lasst uns alle streben '' [ so let us all strive for that ] means that people should seek for `` einigkeit '' of the areas mentioned in the first stanza , and for `` freiheit '' [ freedom ] of the local kings . 
  that historical context is completely lost when only using the third stanza . 
  might be because they do n't fulfill that requirement ? 
  well , his interior minister tried to be . 
   given that asylum seekers in the legal sense are i believe required to seek asylum in the first safe haven which they can reach , it makes sense that the uk receives less germany has that same requirement , though , and we do n't have overseas territories etc. 
  i liked the idea , but it could have been made a bit clearer by rotating the graph and extending the dotted lines . 
  nice representation !, 
  x-post to / r/dataisbeautiful !, 
  i do n't know , it was quite opaque . 
  and yet the people here ate it up , apparently ... or they 're just better than me at recognizing satire , i do n't know . 
  that 's a horribly simplistic conclusion to draw from this . 
  it 's like only getting `` it 's interesting how country size seems to have nothing to do with this '' as the only thing you take from this graph . 
  is that current or lifetime ? 
  if current , are there lifetime figures available ? 
  not worth it , they 'd still mess it up . 
  a lot of bullshit episodes raise fine points , but they 're really only applicable to the us . 
  still fun to watch , though . 
   having to queue up at the supermarket to dispose of rubbish is kinda silly . 
  you do n't really have to , depending on the size of the supermarket there are multiple automated scanners that will calculate the deposit and print out a discount slip . 
  ... and even if you throw the bottles away , some people will collect them en masse to get the deposit themselves . 
  in / r/mapporn , this would be scorned for being judgmental and not allowing colorblind people to view it . 
  there are color schemes that are more neutral and more accessible . 
  ( they can essentially be converted to grayscale and still make sense . ), 
   ageism and sexism !, 
  intelens indeed . 
  awww , are n't you cute with your buzzwords and ... wait , you 're serious ? 
   `` nan , type ` notscript ' into your browser . 
  yeah , like when you type in facebook . 
  ok , now click the big blue button with the plus on it . 
  ok , you 're good to go ! '', 
  `` aaaah you broke my internet ! '', 
  would be the reaction in 100 % of cases . 
  the average person does n't know their desktop os from their mobile os , if they even know what an os is . 
  good luck explaining to your grandma how to set up noscript . 
  and how many people are going to do this , exactly ? 
  it 's not about the technological possibilities , i myself am sufficiently protected from tracking , but that takes extreme effort that almost nobody is willing or able to go through . 
  it 's about the societal impact , which is huge . 
   no , there are no lists involved , or anything that groups you with people of similar interests ( there 's no point in doing that , and from a computer scientific point of view it would be inefficient as hell ) . 
  there may be no actual lists involved , but practically , those still are lists . 
  if you are classified based on your likelihood to click certain links , when combined with datasets of other customers this _ has _ to result in some pretty clear-cut groups if you filter out accidental clicks . 
  they may not be labeled internally , but they sure can be labeled upon human review . 
  also , where do you get your information on google 's inner workings from ? 
  what was that little thing again when , luckily , a few million apple customer datasets were leaked to white hat hackers ? 
  oh , just another indicator that such data is perfectly safe on google 's servers . 
   all free email providers do this . 
  not at all . 
  / r/technology linked to this : http://www.autistici.org/en/services.html i 'm sure there are many more providers out there . 
  or just get a vps and setup your own mail server . 
  n2o is just about the most harmless drug anyone could consume . 
   there is no question that racists will be allowed to make this forum sufficiently poisonous to drive other users away . 
  well , if they ca n't handle those comments , it 's their own fault . 
  you ca n't sanitize reality - those opinions are there , banning them wo n't make them go away but only grow stronger !, 
  we need to deal with them , and hiding them from public view makes that impossible . 
  generally , if such comments appear , they are ridiculed and downvoted , which is exactly the right thing to do . 
  and if they are n't downvoted , that can serve as an indicator that there may be a problem rising , which is also very important . 
   goddamn filthy belgians and their incomprehensibly good beer ausweis . 
   i 'd feel a lot better if you reduce the amount of bigotry , racism , gospel-type generalising statements about peoples , etc. 
  statements like this make me rage . 
  saying that to a mod just means `` ban anything i find offensive '' . 
  what is this kind of person thinking , if anything ? 
  ah , that puts it in perspective , thanks . 
  _ germany _ has the highest numbers in europe ?!, 
  but we recycle _ everything _ , it 's one of the most common cliches i 've heard about us . 
  yes , because growing up in a village inherently diminishes your intelligence . 
  `` smart '' has nothing to do with complying to your perception of what constitutes a `` progressive '' person . 
  conservatism can also be progressive . 
  historically , it was . 
  the people was on the verge of a riot during the second-to-last census because you had to report too many details .
