also country that has system of spying on its citizens that makes even nsa wet . 
  how much does exxon pay you ? 
  well that 's way better than the way europe looks on americans . 
  lol , we are dealing with this situation way better than you do we have retarded news here but nobody takes them seriously as you do . 
  blic and kurir which are also retarded but are one of most read news in serbia from where you probably think you 're dealing better with this situation . 
  you literally do n't even check southern border with macedonia but you can shit on us . 
   a single truck how bout 20,000 trucks ? 
  some are http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3235062/blonde-danish-teenager-15-murdered-mother-kitchen-knife-watching-isis-videos-beheading-british-hostages-online.html, 
   `` so i had two solutions : give up my salary , and go to germany or sweden or norway . '' what, 
  you just read a opinion from a butthurt serbian without flair . 
  his comment was totally objective . 
  then why did you mislead people by putting it into title ? 
  so did croatian pm . 
  wow looks like/r/europe is turning into / r/worldnews, 
   ethnic russian who lives in moldova , who pretends to be serbian nationalist . 
  i 'm not even mad at this point , that 's impressive . 
  dat username . 
  edit : his username was something like - islamophobe -, 
  croatian foreign policy : doot doot, 
  and ceo of amd is pretty good reason to think women are n't dumb . 
   it will be cheaper in the long run , after you calculate the social and economic damage the `` refugees '' would cause in your country . 
  which would be none since they would n't stay there ? 
  all 10 of them ? 
  they stayed in train to keep order and safety , but i guess that is too logical thing to do , and all this situation is overblown , they were just written up and sent back lol, 
   meaningless war defending your home is meaningless ? 
  * but when i taste rakija in my head anarchiaaaaa *, 
  our natonal tv hrt is also extremely pro-immigration its fucking unbeliveable . 
  they also cherry pick pictures of kids and women, 
  it shifted couple of mines not thousands , not to mention the area immigrants are passing is way up north from the area where floods happened . 
   what do they do exactly ? 
  well they were literally designed to be first to respond to soviet invasion and destroy tank columns on highways in eastern europe so its kinda good they 're being used for their original purpose . 
  https://instagram.com/p/tji3hqlyld/?taken-by=lisaborch  lisaborchi worked all night . . my life is going to be a succes if i fight enough for it . 
  ( my sis took this when i was alseep ) thats from her instagram . 
  this is the most depressing thing i 've read in months . 
  why would you throw your life away like this ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  i do n't think she is stupid like some people here are calling her but definitely brainwashed as fuck since she was obviously hanging with these goat fuckers for years . 
  you 're lucky to be born in one of richest and safest countries in the world and you want to go to fucking middle east ? 
  i just can not understand what pushes these people that far . 
   why do n't they `` defuse '' them if they 're here since 1990 ? 
  maybe that is still being done every single day since 1990 ? 
   eu is that thing that you want to leave when you are rich and get in when you are trouble . 
  just how i feel, 
   does n't help they are the nerd type with problems in social situations . 
  does n't help you 're literally generalizing hundreds of thousands of people ... 
  i ca n't fucking believe he had time for all of this ... 
  i mean he could 've just taken walk instead of being such a pussy and ending your life in miserable way . 
   the f-117 was shot down because it always used the same route of attack , every day , same route , same time , same altitude , same everything . 
  and cause its bomb bay was open , so it was n't stealth at the time it was shot ... 
   so wandering off the main roads here would be like playing russian roulette . 
  areas suspected to contain land mines are marked with more than 12,000 warning signs . 
  i was in prague just few days ago and totally would n't mind living there and i did n't notice poor language skills , actually i heard some street performers insulting my mother ( in non-aggressive way ) and some greeting me in my language without me speaking a word ? 
  also women , holy shit i could barely find one good looking woman in dresden and vienna , meanwhile here i can find one in 15 seconds of walking ? 
  and segways !, 
  wtf !, 
  why the fuck are there so many segways in prague ? 
  on top of my head is iraq for whole decade against iran in 80s then literally not even two years of peace before us invasion then in 2003 invasion again with daily ied 's up to today . 
  and syria fighting with israel couple of times and lebanese civil war which itself lasted for around 30 years . 
  so yea only that . 
   the investigation is now in its ninth year with a case brief over 2,300 pages long . 
  how bout reading the god damn article ? 
  except that 95 % of those refugees from balkan are actually sent back . 
  oh just seal team 6 , but what do i know ? 
  those guys are noobs and you 're expert after all ... 
  thanks for the tips , 
   primarily because the saddam dictatorship was able to maintain stability yea by doing war crimes and using biological weapons . 
  bringing down saddam was n't mistake as you say but decisions in the years after 2003 were definitely mistakes imo . 
   i 'm certain more than a few people on this sub would gladly see millions of people murdered in africa/middle east . 
  to be honest i really do n't want that to happen and dozens of commenters here and a most of other immigration threads are always being brigaded by some users that are definitely racist / from stormfront but i just would n't care if every single person in africa is dead , just like today nobody cares about mh370 and [ other plane crashes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-8fb6k8jik ) , conflicts around the world , nobody cared about srebrenica and nobody cared about hundreds of thousands in rwanda , nobody cares about isis . 
  yes you read about it , hear some people got beheaded , gays thrown from roofs but in the end do you really give a fuck , do you let a tear ? 
  do you think about it throughout the day ? 
  do you ** really ** give a shit , does that affect you in any way ? 
  just ask your friends somebody if us still has troops in iraq or what happened in rwanda in 90s and you will see how many people give a shit about something that is n't their country . 
  yeah people get united and can donate money , look at haiti . 
  but what is haiti today ? 
  did something improve ? 
  people are still living in tents and who gives a fuck about it today ? 
  because i and everyone else who did n't hear about it for last 4 years certainly do n't and even though you are trying to care you do n't because its simply something that does n't affect you . 
  omg this one is the worst , he could at least find less grainy photos , from this you get impression that bulgaria and slovenia are more beautiful than croatia even though its complete opposite . 
  what was original plan for missile defense ? 
  you 're gon na use thousands commercial airliners for that too , i 'm sorry but i just have to call you a retard . 
  to get a feel how it looks try dcs-a10 or falcon bms . 
  literally every button in those game is same as in real life . 
  but warning with dcs-a10 its not free and you might quit game after 3 minutes because you did n't figure how to move your jet 2 meters . 
  i 'm not being sore loser , i 'm glad for them and i 'm proud of our team which was second and only team that has been in top 3 places for last 5 years . 
  some people got the joke obviously . 
   the eu seems to think it 's the promised land . 
  that 's funny because nobody thinks that here except immigrants . 
  who gives a shit when in case of war every country will raise military budget to 70 % of total gpd , now imagine that on strongest economy who is spending 10 trillion dollars to war ( im pulling numbers out of my ass ) . 
  that 's magnitude more than us spends now and not to mention there is only one country that could ever possibly attack us but they would have no chance since we have 5 times more people than them and we do n't really lack nationalists and patriots who would die for their country or huge morale which if you look at iraq is probably important as high-tech military toys . 
  i would be more worried with peanut allergies than terrorism since more people die from it but guess what majority of people are gon na be afraid of ? 
  as far as i know taliban is n't controlling afghanistan anymore ... 
  all the flavors and you choose to be salty . 
  i find it the best jersey in the world . 
  also happens here in croatia www.jutarnji.hr/makarska--ostavljaju-rucnike-na-plazi-kako-bi-sacuvali-mjesto/87744 i just ca n't understand some people . 
  like when you go to wild beach and there is literally no one 100 meters around you and then some czech tourists come and literally settle down 0.5 metres from you . 
  i mean wtf . 
  but we won the war , ha !, 
  what a massive cunt, 
  basically a hdz voters.nationalistic party that has been proclaimed a criminal organization after their pm at the time was stealing from country for years .
