  so we 're gon na limit our progress just because we feels ? 
  pro russian comment  redditor for 23 hours is this a fucking joke ? 
   and compare their foreign bases why the fuck eu countries need bases around the world ? 
   it 's not an american issue . 
  neither were both world wars , or ... 
   was  were, 
   whataboutism is a term describing a propaganda technique used by the soviet union in its dealings with the western world during the cold war . 
  when criticisms were leveled at the soviet union , the response would be `` what about ... '' followed by the naming of an event in the western world . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] it represents a case of tu quoque or the appeal to hypocrisy , [ 3 ] a logical fallacy which attempts to discredit the opponent 's position by asserting the opponent 's failure to act consistently in accordance with that position , without directly refuting or disproving the opponent 's initial argument . 
  lol, 
  ah ... there is whataboutism, 
  what, 
  russian arena system - https://youtu.be/ypmcmkwwzyo?t=85 israel trophy system ( you can see them in action ) - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlcvi6pvndy, 
   anti-tank weapons just became too effective and too easily deployable . 
  and anti projectile systems on tanks are becoming too effective for anti tank missiles , you ca n't even hit tanks now ( i 'm not talking about old soviet shit in syria ), 
  if it only were that simple ... 
  i 'm joking man calm down, 
  found a wheraboo, 
   putin fanboys worst thing is that today people will look at comments on reddit , facebook you tube and see they all are saying same shit : pro right , pro putin , anti west propaganda , and seeing how popular it is to not have your own opinion people think those comments are opinions of majority and start believing same shit thinking they `` swallowed red pill '' or that `` they do n't think like sheep '' but do n't realize they themselves are being used as little irrellevant pawn . 
  so u get you tube comments on any video that has anything and nothing with politics with those pro right , pro putin , anti west propaganda , and the commenters are mix of paid kremlin trolls and people from western countries saying things against west with more and more people joining them . 
  so yea , nato , us have all been saying for last year that russia is winning this disinformation war , not that u need them telling u that since its so fucking obvious . 
  thing is , people at cia do want to help these people , they do genuinely want democracy and freedom for these people , but of course its easier to believe rockefeller controls us government and is invading countries to get more money and its all plot control your mind or some shit ... 
  or hes full of shit, 
  yep , americans started arab spring in syria . 
   british have always and will always come out on top . 
   delusion, 
  nice arguments that prove me its not, 
   by the way you can clearly see on youtube than the rafale is more agile how does that work ? 
   but it 's not more agile ... you know someone knows what they 're talking about when they say that most agile jet fighter in the world is not more agile than rafale ... 
   i find it difficult to understand why it took so long for the eu to get the same sort of deal . 
  yeah , edgy right wing teens want deportations next day ... 
   by law member states on the eu external border should have kept migrants out . 
  but no one even wanted to keep them out, 
  the people in comments are probably kremlin trolls too ... 
  yeah , find me one you tube video where comments are pro-remain , pro-europe , pro-immigrants , pro-nato . 
  whatever west does , its not fucking working . 
  haha, 
  nooooooooooooo, 
  it had public support ? 
  yeah , people buying guns after seeing 1 guy stabbed but wo n't do anything after hundreds die . 
  my mom has 3rd cancer so i 'm not sure who is the one that needs to get informed here . 
  great comment . 
  i hope that is the case, 
  i just do n't understand how someone who says climate change is conspiracy can have so much support , i feel his candidacy is going to be researched for next few decades . 
  even if you get free from cancer you have higher chance of getting another one , also your memory and vision are fucked , you might get hand tremors , basically your life is never going to be same before cancer no matter what you do . 
  i can completely understand people who kill themselves as soon as they find out . 
  usa is 50 countries, 
  we 're going to build a seawall and make lobsters pay for it !, 
  yeah , i liked it too . 
  `` eu city '' -25 % muslims, 
   has up his sleeve is bigger than the actual leak . 
  like the dnc leaks , you sound like huge shill man, 
  best non-subjective estimates put it around 6 nonagintillion . 
  we need to improve national unity, 
  this ca n't be real . 
  its because africans do n't even have computers . 
  not believing in climate change ... 
  you realize terrorists do n't run around with camera tripods right ? 
  they do n't if you can go around them . 
   some waterfall in the north that 's probably plitvice lakes , do n't come there in flip flops tho . 
  that awesome !, 
  what are you going to visit ? 
  if you care so much about security then consider croatia , one of safest countries right now , only one terrorist attack in '95 which was done by one guy and it 's first islamist attack on european soil and was a massive fail . 
  also you do n't have to worry about avoiding dodgiest parts because there are n't any , i do n't think we even have mafia . 
   according to the constitution even if the law changes it ca n't be used to punish crimes committed before erdogan : kek, 
  they would be at 55 % when shit hits the fan and their asses are in danger . 
  and improving relations with russia http://en.trend.az/azerbaijan/politics/2556326.html, 
  yeah i do n't understand this , this should be topic of some study . 
  `` i love my country so much that i do n't live in it and have never been in it ! '', 
  is there any documentary or explanation why 25 % of brussels is muslim , that 's crazy to me . 
  its common in your head , all these attacks have nothing much to do with indonesia . 
  just ask yourself what chain of events led to 9/11 and you will see it starts at origins of cold war . 
  this is commonly documented history . 
  software engineering is not real engineering , 
   birth of modern terrorism occurred in indonesia source ? 
  it did n't occur to you that paris happened because of france intervention . 
  `` fight abroad so you do n't have to fight at home '' yeah right ... 
  yes , but if they continue like this there will be literally no fish to catch in next 50 years . 
  either way they are fucked . 
  source : his ass, 
  yeah , because you can convince trump supporterst to not vote for him with empirical evidence . 
  do n't feed the troll . 
  you did n't help stopping flow of immigrants , macedonia did while you decided to deflect the problem to us . 
  hungary is not defender of europe , its a coward and real defender of europe is macedon . 
   apparently walls do work yes , when they are on outside borders , not when you decide to say `` fuck you '' to your surrounding countries because that did jack shit . 
   we are getting poorer and poorer . 
  can i see some sources or statistics that prove that ? 
  place where everyone wants to fucking live certainly is n't doing bad regarding economy . 
  who is this eu guy ? 
   the eu 's economy and unemployment rates are some of the biggest problem and i do n't see it getting better any time soon . 
  best economy in the world ? 
  i 'm also interested since amount of refugees britain received is nothing compared to other european countries . 
  it 's just that croatia is a very small country visited by so many people in even smaller parts of country in such small period that it could lead to oversaturation and everything becoming theme park . 
  government has been pushing to attract tourists more inland and throughout whole year instead of just summer in last few years and it seems to be working . 
  also around 17 % of bdp comes from tourism which is a very bad thing since its vulnerable to many things . 
  another problem is that we need doctors , it people , engineers and so on instead of having half country working in service industry , i hope the current curriculum reform will help this since our already low number of engineers and doctors are leaving country straight from college . 
  we should n't depend on tourism , we should see it as bonus . 
  also check this thread week ago about similiar thing in spain https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4lp10m/tourists_go_home_spain_tourism_surge_brings/ i do n't have anything against you or any tourists coming here , currently there is german neighbour next to our house has been coming here for last 30 years . 
  i would be very happy if you do come here one day , 
  first time i do n't want more tourists coming here .
