  why do n't you blame religion here ? 
   the fact that there is a backlash against the eu has nothing to do with bannon . 
  i mean that 's not what this article said, 
   how does showing your passport cause billions of euro in damages ? 
  http://www.europarl.europa.eu/regdata/etudes/atag/2016/579074/eprs_ata ( 2016 ) 579074_en . pdf  restricting their freedom is a good thing to me . 
  you 're restricting everyone 's freedom , how big amount of people are we talking about that do n't have permission and is it worth it ? 
   what 's that got to do with showing id when crossing a border ? 
  nothing , but it has everything to do with bullshit `` i have nothing to hide '' argument . 
  when christians kill we do n't say they 're christian . 
  how is that a reason ? 
  uk had years to join before there were refugees in calais so your `` conclusion '' its pretty dumb . 
   i do n't get why people are opposed to having to show a document when you cross an international border ? 
  just the fact that would cause billions of euro in damages for what ? 
  1 guy ? 
   's not really that big of an inconvenience , unless you have something to hide . 
  sure , everytime you text your friends and family send me that content too , i mean you have nothing to hide right ? 
  i 'm dead, 
  i do n't think anyone said that, 
  refugees flee from war right ? 
  that means they are going back at point when its safe ? 
  so why waste everyone 's time if they are going back anyways ? 
  nah , we 're good . 
  i must correct you : there are borders but they are n't trying to stop them, 
  hes t_d poster what did you expect ? 
  in 2014 / u/wewkz got 4 days of community service for raping a 11 year old girl . 
  then they are not refugees ? 
  i mean balkan route is closed and not because of hungary fence . 
   also what world are you living in that you think this has had no effect on islamic radicalism in germany ? 
  i farted and it had effect on earths rotation, 
  its gay af, 
  when, 
  it absolutely matters , because we are now talking about eu disintegrating . 
  what about immigrants from middle of africa ? 
  did eastern europeans create this problem ? 
  yes, 
  how ignorant you have to be lol , i never saw those right wingers say something against eastern europe immigrants except in uk , it was quite the opposite and mostly against non-eu people . 
  keep enjoying this imaginary situation you made up in your head . 
  same here . 
  there will be a lot of quiet macron supporters who will only declare their support in the private ballot box . 
  1st round : le pen is winning you cucks 2nd round : well trump and brexit polls you know, 
  stop spreading that myth pls ty, 
  here is a map of daily shootings http://usa.liveuamap.com/, 
  nothing is stopping them from playing in fresh air right now, 
  so you mentioned projects but list one example ... 
  denmark is like one of most anti-immigrant countries in entire europe dumbass, 
  i `` dug '' through his history for about 7 seconds because i knew exactly what i was going to find . 
  bolded part is translated to : maybe one day in future get support for independence, 
  omfg ... 
  yes i would, 
  i dunno , but there is a lot of people like him commenting pro-gmo stuff in various subs every day for last few years all while claiming they 're not paid , it 's creepy and incredibly suspicious and i think it even breaks this subreddit rules for pushing agenda . 
  looks at his history , literally every single one of his comments is about gmo , i wonder what 's the salary . 
  calm down man, 
  yeah ... 
  i 'm not implying anything , calm down man . 
  i was actually referring to other guy but got confused by comment tree, 
   i have a few croatian friends balkan version of `` i got black friends '', 
  except ad hitlerium would be saying that hitler supported same thing , not the opposite as i said . 
  http://www.snopes.com/adolf-hitler-smashing-the-nucleus/  adolf hitler said that the only way that the nazi party could have been stopped was if it were smashed in its infancy . 
  i wanted to disagree with that guy but i ca n't since everyone on left has same views and supports same things , dang it !, 
   that 's the left so you 're basing that on one event , hijacked by antifa ? 
  lol, 
  interesting , since hitler said complete opposite thing . 
  he constantly supports russia , trump and is anti-globalist on this sub , do you wonder why ? 
  i meant just because most people are against war does n't meant there wont be war . 
  were n't majority of serbs against in 90 's too ? 
  that something someone paid by soros would say ... 
  u okay ? 
  so you disagree with trump ? 
  for slovenia proper one wouild be croatia is right in piran border dispute, 
  its not in army , this was taken from support protest for mandatory military service . 
  op is a cunt, 
  except you 're wrong , just ask if any engineers use linux that ca n't use solidworks or any vfx company ( yes maya works on linux but you are n't using just maya you 're using 10 programs in pipeline and if just one does n't have linux support your fucked ) or if any game development uses it ( same thing as vfx ) , its fucking dumb and so are linux elitists . 
  in second round ... kek, 
  looks like they are pivoting, 
  is that why afd has 10 % in country that took most refugees ? 
  lol, 
   that an article pops up saying there is no evidence whatsoever . 
  then put source for those articles , lol, 
  but majority of people did n't care . 
  itt : majority of people support something so that makes it right thing to do, 
  what could go wrong . 
  plutonium is natural, 
  i meant they execute hundreds of people every year, 
  they 're not white . 
  where did you get this copy pasta ? 
  is this attempt to say something and place / s at end so it appears people actually say this ? 
  because no one said this ever . 
  you know who also has death sentence ? 
  usa , bastion of enlightenment and liberal ideals , right ? / s, 
  he did n't ban saudi arabia, 
  why are you equating refugees and illegal immigrants , you seem to be hiding something , whats the law about ? 
  well , it wont be you 're fine with shit like this ? 
  the people who got circumcised to masturbate less are saying how someone is backward , the irony ... 
  so should serbians lol, 
   most cities arent even french anymore , their schools are overrun by migrants , whites are about to become a minority . 
  and how do you know this ? 
   muslim immigration ban yet you all are saying its not muslim ban , so what have you decided which one is it ? 
  not as much as right can , we 're not autistic enough . 
  hes just regular cringy anti westerner here , dont bother . 
  not part of eurozone,
