  also people like you should be banned from this sub . 
  you posted this while trying to be objective while it 's clear that you actually support these people and have agenda . 
   not too mention it 's arctic temperatures . 
  yeah , weather is superb in britain . 
  it 's that nationalistic attention-seeking bitch, 
  also can you give some sources where it says that weapons have croatian origin ? 
  i mean they certainly came from balkans but this is first time i hear its specifically from croatia . 
   many european counterterrorism forces are oblivious dysfunctional . 
   the smuggled aks were of croatian origin i do n't understand why is weapon origin important ? 
  if there were 0 guns in balkan they would still get their ak-47s . 
  i thought that was belgium ? 
  what the fuck, 
  it is , i 'm just being edgy . 
  [ here 's one ] ( http://willybmum.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/img_16541.jpg ), 
  let 's be honest , most people would n't give a shit like they did after first apollo landing, 
  i did n't say that all of them were working tho , some were fixed and some were about to get fixed but all of them got broken beyond any chance of repair . 
  yea , he was known as the guy to go to if you needed to get your tv fixed `` under the table '' or if your odometer also needed some `` fixing '' among other stuff . 
  yeah it was n't necessary when 10 years ago it destroyed around 10 tv 's in our basement ... 
  this is first time in my life i encounter someone telling me its not necessary to unplug anything electrical during lighting . 
   my dad unplugs the fridge , stove , tv . 
   he 's an electrical engineer . 
  sometimes culture  science . 
  well my dad is an electrical engineer and so am i , what exactly do you guys have against unplugging stuff lol ? 
   for a bit it really looked like that it never looked like that, 
  but like 90 % of all immigrants went trough this route . 
   i do n't think combining everything and calling it something like european will ever work . 
  oh wait something like that already happened somewhere bit west of europe, 
   nor the western european countries are xenophobic you sure about that one ? 
  lol, 
  bosnia ... 
   99 % of us do n't even know where it is . 
  i would n't be proud of that . 
   she got gang raped nobody got raped , she was about to get raped but escaped in last moment , does n't make it less disgusting though . 
  ffs literally below the article . . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hifo-ebme1s, 
  except it will be better . 
   croatia yeah totally nothing https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2e9pbb/croatias_government_has_decided_to_give_surplus/, 
  serbia is salty cause we 're getting [ these ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wdmmb405-bk ) bad boys, 
   if they are so ineffective how ? 
  they did n't even try https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=huioym7xnpo, 
  / r/europe should be closed, 
   if by `` well '' you mean dumping the migrants on other countries slovenia is doing exact same thing + a pointless barbed wire ... 
   i came back from there last week and saw some walking around in mini skirts when i was pondering putting a second set of pants on . 
  they just do n't give a fuck about the weather over there . 
  man , why did n't you rape them ? 
  they were obviously asking for it !, 
  when tourist come here they bring hdd 's and download like crazy cause our isp 's do n't give a shit and wont even email you warning . 
  and even most famous torrent groups even hold meetings to discuss future activities and standards - example - https://scenerules.org/t.html?id=2012_sdtvx264r.nfo, 
   there 's no descriptions of what you 're downloading not true  worst quality stuff is what is seeded also not true  and the sites are filled with obtrusive porn ads . 
  do we live in the same world ? 
   so no sport shooting in croatia ? 
  that 's sad . 
  `` giovanni cernogoraz ( born 27 december 1982 in koper ) is a croatian sports shooter . 
  [ 7 ] competing in shotgun events , he won the olympic gold medal in men 's trap at the 2012 summer olympic games in london . '', 
  the only sad thing here is your ignorance . 
  lol just wanted to post the same , i sometimes seriously wonder what is wrong with us europeans . 
   we have to get a background check before buying a gun . 
  here you must actually have a reason to own a gun ( like you live in dangerous place , you got robbed 5 times ) not to get them for fun shooting and treating them like toys . 
  and that 's where most people fail . 
  hey , that 's where i live !, 
  walking while its cold but with that sun still keeping you warm feels very good . 
  it is if you 're from europe, 
  started few months ago, 
   rafale  less capable aircraft lol, 
  ghost poop . 
  pathological altruism ? 
  did n't both of them die ? 
  whats the point then ? 
   wrll , europe , are you still laughing about hungary ? 
  are they ` absurd ' anymore ? 
  is romania ? 
  yes hungary is absolutely absurd , they did n't stop or reduce the flow of immigrants . 
  they just said fuck you to every other european country and decided that is n't their problem . 
  their actions absolutely did n't do anything to help current crisis . 
  one croatian got decapitated few months ago . 
  it baffles me that there are some people who go to egypt or any country over there . 
  not really tsu-chu in china and it literally means kicking the ball, 
   but the guys guns were bought in bruxelles and they 're coming in from the balkans so it might be a european problem lel you really thats the only way they could get guns ? 
  i was there 2 months ago , can somebody explain me why there is so many segways on streets ? 
  should n't it be easier for us to create more jobs if we are such small country ? 
  if so then we are the worst here . 
  croatia no good , macaroni all day . 
  shieeet, 
  at least he did n't remove us from the map this time . 
  wow , germany is really organized in this one . 
   false , e.g. 
  please stop talking bullshit , in which way are we hostile ? 
  there is absolutely no way we will go into war , that 's insane . 
  why was it stupid ? 
   or are you racist enough to say that africa is a bad place its objectively bad place . 
   so called `` racism `` i wan na kill all blacks but apparently you ca n't even do that these days without getting called a racist ! '', 
  / u/kittenmittens700 i 'm white and i would love segregation , things would be so much better for white people 's lives . 
   p.s. 
  how to deal with your paranoia ( with pictures ) ca n't wait to read, 
   people in this subreddit are n't `` railing on muslims '' , but rather railing on immigrants from muslim-majority countries that happen to have an aggressive and backwards culture . 
  what a bullshit , you did n't read anything here in last 2 years ? 
  maybe u were like that but majority of comments here on some topics were so fucking obvious that they are coming from 4chan/stromfront constantly , and their opinions towards muslims are far from what u described . 
  around 2 years ago , this sub completely shifted its opinions in couple months . 
   eu has ignored the economies of europe as they burn yeah , blame others . 
   we do n't need your kacynki 's , orbans , corruption , anti-abortion/lgbt social convictions or poverty i do n't understand this , how is this going to affect nordic countries ? 
  does romania being corrupt affect germany ?
