  pretty much, 
  it 's okay i hate brown people too, 
   this is some prime mental gymnastics . 
  does n't say why lul, 
   yet 1 million people entered the country with virtually no checks at all . 
  fake news, 
  i do n't think anyone wants to be touched by trump . 
  good times / s, 
  `` we 're sorry we got caught ! '', 
  but economicaly same as uk, 
  thats not how ... fuck it, 
  yeah people would totally pay $ 3000 to smugglers and waste 2 months of their lives risking death knowing they will waste our time and get sent back , makes total sense man !, 
  targeting countries throughout peaceful diplomatic tactics is same as dropping jdams on weddings obviously, 
  but why would you do it 2 years ago when there were barely any of them here ? 
  yet turkey tourism dropped like 40 % while it did n't change for eu cities lul, 
   one built for a type of combat that is mostly obsolete ( dogfighting ) . 
  obsolete until actual war between hundreds of jets happens, 
  what 's funny is that yesterday i saw on news how they are going to change hvar reputation specifically because of tourists doing stupid degenerate shit , especially british ones , and now this happens lul . 
  what, 
  so you hate the taste of your own medicine ?? 
  respond , not support ur wrong too, 
  oh no its retarded, 
  compared to you yes they are . 
  ah yes punish muslims that have nothing to do with suicide bombers ? 
  wow i kinda feel bad for trump after watching him get ignored . 
  not . 
  we should send them aid, 
  noticed that too lol , there was one guy living in belgium saying how great russia is and how holodomor was a bureaucratic mistake . 
  there were dozens of arrested before this, 
  it 's one of worst subs i 've ever seen , no critical thinking at all , they also get triggered by anything anti-russian and think we only criticize them while every country here get shit on mostly by its own people , even the eu . 
  but / r/russia is willing to eat up their state propaganda blue pill and just pretend everything is a-ok , a hypernormalisation you could say . 
  - america 2002, 
   maybe that 's what they should get . 
  they 're kinda being bombed ynow, 
  there were dozens of arrests in last few weeks , it was all weird, 
  i doubt he came in current refugee crisis , and how would you know who is `` them '' and who is n't ? 
  who caused it and what would you do to prevent it ? 
  well you said `` i bet '', 
  so you did n't find anyone who said that but you 're saying disgracefull ? 
  `` i 'm trying to downplay russian interference even though it 's 100 % true at this point by using sarcastic strawman !!! '', 
   i wonder if someone is going to try to pin this on `` russian hackers '' . 
  no one will because this has nothing to do with that ? 
  are you rocket scientist or heart surgeon ? 
  that stuff is at least 15 years away . 
  you know this because you 're a muslim ? 
  nah we 're good . 
  rot in jail bitch, 
  everyone thinks it 's nsa from day 1 this thing started to spread, 
  i 'm kinda afraid something like that could lock some important computers in hospitals . 
  i 'm talking about eastern european gangs kidnapping women and selling them to pakistanis in uk for sham marriages . 
  and if we did n't bomb him war would magically end and they totally would n't be 6 years in war by now !, 
  yeah , our own people do it instead of pakistanis . 
  germany in 1995 : gtfo slavs, 
  this guy had a column in the sun , or maybe sun became reputable since last month ? 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  most of those attack were n't committed by refugees , so what 's your solution ? 
  wrong . 
  you triggered boiiii ? 
  wrong , eastern countries are one of most pro-eu and pro-federation countries while western and northern have least support . 
  did you apologize for all those pedo priests ? 
  made by airbus ? 
   liberals i ` ts the conservative christians that invited them in the first place , i wander what will they say, 
   you are delusional . 
  nah , you are , just spend 3 minutes on / pol /  why does the number of right wing incidents fade in comparison to what left incidents ? 
  pro tip : there are none  comparing half the british population and labeling them as bad as isis ... what are you smoking ? 
  its fun to watch tho, 
  laptop control does n't work, 
  jews voted overwhelmingly for macron which indicates who is actually more dangerous for them, 
  t_d is not big here at all , you 're imagining things, 
  np stands for nepal, 
  ohhh that one will be even harder beating, 
  what, 
  cant wait to waste 20 best years of my life to see no change . 
  yes because of his smug last part , croatia is 99 % white but you do n't see people here hating on us , maybe its because we have so little colored people ? 
  so by that logic american army and tons of other armies are heavily right wing because of their soldiers who interact with blacks even though in 99 % white countries same thing happens . 
  nice, 
  like that guy with ar 15 at comet pizza ? 
   if he had n't backed regime change and jihadist proxy armies first in libya then in syria . 
  bullshit , there would n't be migrant crisis if assad did n't cut the balls of someone who made bad graffiti about him in daraa then proceeded to shoot at the protesters , and what backing did they have exactly ? 
  couple tows 3 years after the start of war ? 
  cice literally means tits in croatian hahaa, 
  where are now all those people that say nationalism will work this time, 
   this person needs help . 
  you need help from rt brainwashing, 
   because she wants to limit the amount of migrants coming to france ? 
  like macron ? 
  `` your people '' lul these are his people dumbass, 
   implying this sub is only place in the world that thinks that besides , wasnt there article that was about her top 2 advisors who were basically nazis, 
  facepalm, 
   they have a well funded well equipped military with active operations and battlefield experience so does america but 100x, 
  so we can try communism again by that logic ? 
  so we can try communism again by that logic ? 
  ignorant asshole is what you are and ironically you are n't using science so you 're feelings are more important than facts . 
  so we can try communism too , surely it will work this time ? 
  i guess this is because they use smartphones but not pc from young age ? 
  so will americans lul, 
  i 'm against economic immigrants , but i 'm also not a racist and do n't go around saying 100 % of them are economic immigrants . 
  omg , you people will blame everything on refugees , eastern europe has no brown immigrants and no jobs ? 
  how do you fix that ? 
  what,
