   unfortunately some countries in the eu have no concept of border control whatsoever . 
  are you some kind of eu border control expert ? 
  ( its called schengen by the way )  having a border-free zone within the eu is an absurd idea if not everyone is willing to cooperate in protecting the external border . 
  but you do understand that europe is n't like `` whooops they get right past our borders , lets do nothing about it '' , these people are organized and transported to germoney by multiple countries all cooperating with each other , we are n't trying to stop them at all , we are helping them get here . 
   you can patrol the med with ships , satellites i 'm pretty sure that 's already being used what would that solve regarding refugees ? 
  we are n't dealing with boats that sneak in , they get picked and get brought to italy . 
   and that 's a really good thing watching what 's happening in other countries with less experience in the subject . 
   we can organise fact checking and what did some people comment here when there was news of that in germany ? 
  `` lolol inb4 a state feeding you official propaganda fake news '', 
  # * this is why cheeto won *, 
  so russians are actually exposing commies in usa ? 
  `` this is why cheeto won '', 
  why does n't rest of the world have similar system ? 
   evidence for that is extremely weak all 17 security agencies agreed on that but 1 redditor knows better !, 
   the whole ` trump got elected because russia ' is probably one of the greatest lies that people are telling themselves right now . 
  no one is saying that he got elected because of russia , but that they did have effect just like they meddled in other eastern european countries . 
  its funny because you 're oversimplifying right now . 
   `` oh my god how could they have possibly won our data predicted 95 % chance of clinton 's win '' . 
  except it did n't but keep talking shit lol , and hillary did get more votes so i guess they were right, 
  youre delusional , put some more thought into it, 
  ypu got some mental issues man . 
  what is a ethnic european , should croats go back to iran then ? 
   he was a nazi collaborator and describes that period as the happiest time of his life . 
  as a jew ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  are you commie or something ? 
  ok , then the reddit is opposite of what you just claim, 
  and vice versa, 
  til, 
  the good ones are already there, 
  well people saw they can exploit some retards in west and earn lots of money doing it , no wonder so many popped up , might even start one myself . 
  that 's the clickbait title , but what does it specifically say in article ? 
   skewing the truth but not completely falsifying . 
  which is still big problem . 
  exactly , just like invading russia . 
   critics point out that the road is in an ugly industrial zone and `` goes nowhere '' as it is circular . 
  lol, 
  just like nazis and japs before ww2 ? 
  well , then i guess your fallacy is fallacy, 
  because if they did n't eventually war would be in front of their homes . 
  yeah , that 's not how it works . 
   if europe was a true friend of the usa they 'd have sent hundreds of thousands to iraq and afghanistan . 
  what does iraq have to do with 9/11 after which article 5 was invoked ? 
  `` this is why cheeto won '', 
  now you know how we feel when americans come here and tell how bad life is in europe after refugees . 
   tell that to swiss ( 45/100 ) , scandinavians , germans and french with their 30guns/100ppl . 
  oh , wait , you ca n't . 
  well he is right , the gun culture does n't mean just having guns , its about mentality too and who gets to have those guns . 
  here in croatia a lot of people have guns left from war , so by that logic we have gun culture too ? 
  islamic terrorism ^ tm ( no its not worse ), 
  yeah , all those eu nations fabricate data to make themselves look better than murica / s, 
  i think that one is flawed i do n't see europe, 
   it completely leaves out the ` four-point ' attack on our collective security by an assertive russia , an aggressive turkey , an increasingly isolationist us and islamic terrorism . 
  yes , but that was before ukraine protests , before isis gained so much ground in 2014 , the same year usa started bombing them in iraq and syria , it was just after positive obama-medvedev relations at point where russia main problem was the icbm defense shield , it was also way before the massive spike in refugees that started coming . 
   it looks more like reddit post than serius analysis . 
  this could actually be a compliment, 
  enlighten us pls . 
  what a fantastic statistic with no source , this is something you would see on 4chan and stormfront , lets try to be better than that, 
  * kek * i guess it rustles your jimmies because it does n't push your ** unfair ** narrative of claiming immigrants commit more crime without saying what crime ( such illegal entry which hurts no body ) specifically because somebody who glances data will think those crimes are rapes and murder and you will easily push your narrative on them and manipulate them . 
  inb4 `` this is why cheeto won you mentally ill culturally marxist libtard '', 
   should be taking in the young men and women and give them weapons and training and send them back this shit actually got 20 upvotes , wtf / r/europe, 
  what did you expect from incel losers ? 
   only to adopt most of them later . 
  sure ... 
   that 's a dishonest argument . 
  the eu was strongly against hungary securing their border . 
  do you even hear yourself ? 
  did hungary build that fence ? 
   now they 'll continue to reproduce at higher rates than us read a book, 
   refugees  might  implying they will stay here, 
   the us started this shit by arming rebels against assad . 
  tactical facepalm, 
  apparently right next to building my cousin lives in , crazy, 
   agenda pushing : refers to accounts found to persistently and overwhelmingly post and comment to promote a specific political agenda . 
  this is n't an outlet for propaganda . 
  usa gave them freedom fries, 
   godwin commented on the nazi and fascist comparisons being made by several articles on republican presidential candidate donald trump , saying that `` if you 're thoughtful about it and show some real awareness of history , go ahead and refer to hitler when you talk about trump . 
  or any other politician . 
  so usa should also go deport all blacks to africa ? 
  no problems in usa then ? 
   it 's us . 
  that is madness !, 
  so you basically spent no time in europe and you know how german people feel ? 
  and has no connection to article , inequality is happening in poland , china and japan which are extremely homogeneous , but i guess he will look smart if he links 100 of sources that some other guy made . 
  so how the fk is nato behind russia 10-20 years if they have 5 times the budget ? 
  makes no sense . 
  you 're not even from europe, 
  dat false dillema, 
  that hes a alt-righter that sees certain people as subhuman and pretends to care for victims of terrorists attacks but in reality is just using it to push his political views upon other people while absolutely not giving a damn thing ? 
  i hope so 52 % upvoted , the jimmes are rustled, 
   sure , but then that 's always been the case no it definitely was n't this bad , do you remember facebook having so much political groups and memes 6 years ago ? 
  neither do i. 
  and most of people did n't get their news from facebook or internet back then , i read somewhere that around 40 % of people now get their news from facebook -_- also bumaye94 mentioned something very very important  not the old folks that barely use the internet and not the young ones that grow up using it . 
  it 's the guys that use it since a couple of years and never really learned how to do it . 
  it is on the internet so it must be true . 
  same exact thing happened with my mother , years before she started using internet and facebook ( which none of our parents had back then ) she would tell me not to believe everything online , but now that alot of our parents do have facebook they are the same people who will believe any kind of bullshit . 
   are the most defensive people the hypocrisy ... did europe had in recent times its own version of freedom fries and wine spilling ? 
  he posts in / r/the _ europe what did you expect ? 
  wow , new york probably sucks also i do n't understand how your post has anything to do with europe or this article . 
   so the bbc lying about rotherham sex abuse they lied about it by making a fucking documentary about it ?
