  you 're the one complaining about this place for months so its obvious whos [ salty here ] ( http://www.sportstour.cl/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/extension-to-uyuni1.jpg ), 
  you give them 500 euro that can only be spent on cultural shit like theatre or museum and transportation , not on weed and alchocol . 
   wall you mean 1 m high barbed wire ? 
  nice, 
  i went to this school lol, 
  oh , i thought you were talking about us since we 're still looking what to buy and gripen seems to be first choice for now . 
  make croatia german provice, 
  the same mig 29s that were being shot over serbia in 1999 while being completely useless ? 
  sure, 
   we are n't willing to sell the gripen to them though ? 
  well thats how snopes works, 
  out out out !, 
  we had a similar thing happen here in croatia , was a shitshow . 
  nato had nothing to do with iraq  no , she died in her home in the suburbs of belgrade luckily serbs used surgical precision when bombing my home town and only targeted military https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3ddktu44e0, 
  greece and turkeys airforce are n't weak, 
  i finally feel safe from russia . 
  how sure you are ? 
  it 's backed by feelings , not numbers . 
  they could make them in no time . 
   millions you sure it was n't billions ? 
  yeah , just like that train literally few days ago . 
  you 're hilarious . 
  i 'm loving all this crying about hating uk while saying they wish eu to burn . 
   as a neutral observer  i want the eu to collapse . 
  top kek ,, 
  no one helped croatia or slovenia and bosnia was n't helped much either ...  you know you 're a retard when you get offended by normal facts . 
  that would be you !, 
   it was multiculturalism that fragmented and destroyed the balkans . 
  no it did n't , stop pretending nationalism is so great because you 're alt righter . 
  no one here uses `` multiculturalism '' when discussing 90s . 
   yes . 
  and it has more active personnel than slovenia , croatia and bosnia combined . 
  the airforce is better than any other in ex-yu . 
  just like in 90s , glorious serb army , but lost every single war lol, 
  it was a joke ... 
  the point of eu was to make war impossible not by words but economically impossible . 
   reddit as a whole is very left wing yes 5 years ago, 
  what , you work 16 hours every day ? 
   says guy who posts in t_d and politics lol https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hypocrisy, 
  ofc its the t_d poster, 
   i understand its hard to be dying micro nations who have never been comparable to russia that 's only thing russia can do , bully small micro nations . 
   prove all the europhiles wrong . 
  you 're delusional , proving will take years . 
   well the uk already voted leave barely  france may be about to get le pen she is behind fillon 30 % in second round , i really do n't see how le pen can close that huge gap . 
   theres also footage of albanians mining the railroad where, 
   kosovo is under rule of serbia . 
  so eh , it kinda is . 
  if it was then that train would n't have stopped at border and americans would n't have huge ass base there, 
  it wont work because of american `` 1999 '' model . 
   and its put a lot of strain on the economy , germanys excess was 16 billion in 2014 , now its at 6 billion , next year ... likely gone and they will be running a deficit . 
  you do n't wan na have surplus , so this is actually a good thing . 
  you are correct , its like it was written by 13 year old, 
  they also partnered with snopes , there wont be censorship as in it will get deleted , just a disclaimer that it has been debunked by snopes or politifact , if you want to still believe it its your choice . 
  the thing that happened after crimea was never seen before on the scale the russians did , so therefore its unfair to compare their level of propaganda with american basement dweeb that obviously had no impact on someones views in youtube comment section . 
  facebook partnered with politifact afaik, 
  this was known for years , it was obvious in months after crimea . 
  tldr : russia invade crimea , russia see internet , russia start trolling online ( for 2014 it was mostly russia ), 
  he said nothing basically, 
   the_donald  [ -- ] orbzel 4 points 4 hours ago lol , its like none of you have interdependent opinions but are just clones of each other, 
   this comes off as a bit extreme to me to be honest . 
  servitude to greater powers ? 
  its not , its just how realpolitik works . 
  ummm i thought french missiles were submarine-based which is definitely better for a second strike than stationary or mobile launch . 
   eu is germany 's attempted to run europe , it was actually french idea to project their power, 
   btw i have a serbian friend and ex-classmate from srpska . 
  balkan equivalent of `` i have black friends '' , 
  where and when did kolinda support ustashe ? 
  did croatian , bosnian and slovenian tanks roll into serbia because of their nationalism ? 
   nationalism is n't decreasing , its increasing , even getting state sponsorship you 're obviously delusional about the state of things here, 
  pls , no one here gives a shit or willing to expand 1 cm towards anyone . 
  rly https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stxmt966ake, 
   what ? 
  do n't be so rude , man lost his cat . 
  of course its not , there is also reliability , training , battle proven equipment , manpower and millions of other things that go into west favour . 
   why do you feel the need to look at my history ? 
  i looked at threads you posted in , not the content of your posts which took like 5 seconds , you actually read through my comments which is definitely more pathetic . 
   shilling shilling means someone gets paid fyi where did i ever ** shill ** for mass immigration ? 
  i 'm just saying that people like you are massively over blowing situation that is currently happening , i 'm against any immigration towards europe . 
  but russians view west the same way ? 
  not as neo-nazi gay pigs ? 
  do n't be hypocritical please . 
  * 10,000 old soviet shit versus 13,000 modern aircraft, 
   nato has always been underprepared to fight the soviet union/russia . 
  suuure , after 70 years of preparing specifically for that and designing vehicles for combat in eastern europe and spending literally i shit you not 10x times more than russia does on military there is no way russia can do shit against nato . 
   if russia invaded europe tomorrow , the baltics would fold immediately ( no offensive , but they 're small countries ) , poland and central europe can only hold them up for so long , and the german military is a joke . 
  the first meaningful resistance they would encounter would be france . 
  yeah , because for some reason france would keep its troops in france ? 
  jesus its like arguing with 9 year old . 
   they are looking at what western europe is doing to itself with horror . 
  there is no appetite for mass immigration in japan . 
  whats your fucking problem man ? 
  you clearly have agenda which is breaking rule 6 , your entire history is about immigrants , do n't you have any other interests ? 
  anything else in your life ? 
   seems like japan has the right idea . 
  killing yourself from 10 hours of working every day and having no sex ? 
   plenty of european countries joined him joined him how ? 
  first time i hear europeans were part of 2003 invasion, 
  france and uk have enough to obliterate russia  france does not have enough nukes for a counterforce strike lol , entire france icbm 's are submarine launch and pretty much all of them have `` russia '' written on them, 
  freedom from being able to choose, 
  americans want to be soviets now ?
