   governments could stop lying governments stop lying  become more transparent  fake news report government is lying and less transparent than ever before, 
   how does rt differ from lets say cnn ? 
  how does rt differ from lets say fox ? 
   judging from his submission in german the original op he 's probably a fellow european . 
  he has a usa flair and said that they have multiple bases here in europe that they can use to stop this ?!, 
  i cringed when he complained that breitart did n't hire him and that they have alot potential , also he 's gon na send this to [ alex jones ] ( https://youtu.be/ginz4oqhhze?list=pl1lxipqt-jr_ey0g8togwaslrpy4ah8xn ) over at infowars and believes that west sponsored coup in turkey ... also mentions the soros guy . 
  also some people mentioned him to post this over to / r/the _ europe which is first time i heard of it , but i assume its just / r/europes 2.0, 
  actually i managed to find one : ** 1 ) a mental state where one can not tell the difference between reality and their imagination . 
   largest nuclear icbm arsenal larger than usa , france and uk combined ? 
  doubt it, 
   `` do n't listen to any other information other than our information '' ~ fake news and right wing populists ? 
   i wonder if someone sat you down and went through all the foiled terrorist attacks , actual terrorist attacks and crimes committed by your new arrivals you would change your mind . 
  why would he need to sit down with him , you can do it here right now , but you wo n't cause you 're full of shit . 
  when you actually start searching sources for what you just said you definitely wo n't find anything that supports that or it will be heavily over exaggerated/misleading . 
   knowledge is power and many people seem to have a gap in their knowledge `` i know more than they do , but i wont tell why or what i know more than they do '', 
  it 's much closer than you think https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ulzmgngu8w https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfmboydlhdw, 
  i do n't understand either , since like 95 % of them get rejected anyway . 
  why arent you thinking of 3500 people that die just in germany every year from car accidents ? 
  can you give me a source ? 
  and all of that was in syria pre war ? 
  just do n't go to / r/debatealtright you will loose your mind, 
  you and people who upvoted you are clear in head as glass of orange juice , you read anything in last few years regarding what eu and usa did regarding crimea ? 
  can you not read ? 
  and what about our factories you dumb fuck ? 
  but yeah , tanks did n't roll from serbia into slovenia , croatia and bosnia , our tanks rolled into poor little serbia . 
  i 'm thankful americans had the balls to do it . 
  just like balkans stayed during 90s ? 
   also many leftists have pity for them no , only people who will have pity for them are people have n't lived in europe or did n't have any experience with roma people, 
  at least we have food on table, 
   and the police are also pretty shit if firstly they ca n't stop such a thing and secondly they bury it by pretending everything was fine the day after . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/mar/16/police-watchdog-investigate-claims-met-covered-up-child-abuse http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-31907201 germans cover up for few days , brits cover up for few decades . 
  bit hypocritical there m8 ? 
  this , my mom is very christian and said same thing . 
  well , this is one of those sources , and quite a good one , it even encourages you to be more critical and people call it as propaganda , meanwhile russians completely deny everything and people take it just as another viewpoint ? 
   just what we needed - the russians telling us what to believe . 
  u triggerred ? 
  when you defend putin and trump then you come off as biased while trying to appear neutral, 
  neither is trump yet , but another example would be that people genuinely believed she would start ww3, 
  interesting how you did n't mention anything people claim about hillary, 
  it went right wayyyy before that . 
  so american racist who comes to european sub and talks how bad it is in europe based on yellow journalism without actually ever stepping foot in europe ? 
  that 's hilarious . 
  how bout you leave you basement ? 
  ~ the_donald, 
   because the german police were ordered if that was the case then we would see some of thousands of police officers say something about it , this is just your assumption without any bit of evidence supporting that . 
  not saying that there is n't possibility of it happening since it did happen in uk . 
  so when discussing denmark you link something that has to do with denmark ? 
   the leaked report yeah , why ca n't i see that leaked report than ? 
  who do you refer when u say `` you people '' when responding to what 1 guy said ? 
  denmark is one of most anti-refugee countries in europe . 
   mair acted alone but he was inspired by over 30 years of reading nazi propaganda meanwhile his younger brother described him as `` apolitical '', 
   if you have neonazi friends , that 's your problem . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  do you have facebook account ? 
   this is propaganda my friend . 
  u sure ? 
   the issue is that europe is importing millions of people who will never integrate , never assimilate , and therefore end up resorting to welfare or semi-organized crime . 
  why does everyone think they wo n't get deported back ? 
  i mean same thing happened back in 90s with balkan refugees , most of them went back or got deported . 
   the deal wroked fine . 
  refugee stream from turkey as good as dried up . 
  it dried because macedonia closed borders . 
  no we dont source : lives in dalmatia and had lots of big fires around me, 
  if you defend someone blindly without doing research on their past , then you 're a complete jackass . 
  * now i ca n't even insult sandni $ `` ers without being called a racist !, 
  this is why right is rising !, 
  swtizerland is not in europe , til . 
  you just literally proved my point , serbia should n't join eu then if they are better on their own ... jesus i ca n't believe into what shit / r/europe turned in last 2 years . 
   less than two decades ago and another genocide exactly two decades ago . 
  millions dead . 
  can you tell me which are those genocides ? 
   do n't step on a land mine on your way home from the welfare office . 
  woah , just shows how some of you americans have no clue what you 're talking about , idk who are the morons who upvoted you either . 
  lol, 
  u wan na go back to bc age ? 
  and by gun violence ? 
  nice way of downplaying 5x more homicides per 100,000 people . 
  and most countries here dont even have that . 
   ukraine is most certainly in euope son . 
  yeah , i 'm really affected here by that war , bombs every day . 
  i met one of those , lives in belgium but denies russia/soviets did anything wrong ever and shits on west . 
   they do n't really have a choice being surrounded by eu countries switzerland has no choice either ? 
   russian ally serbia so nato should let a country attack other countries just because its russian ally ? 
  i 'm surprised serbia did n't get bombed 7 years earlier with the bullshit they did . 
  you and people who upvoted you are completely ignorant of what happened in balkan . 
  afaik it was more against iran than russia, 
   power bloc which only use will be to instigate more conflict and strife with other large powers . 
  much better than becoming weak and falling behind everyone else, 
   think, 
  until you get out of basement . 
  i do n't think there are many racists/xenophobes/idiots in europe as much as there are in america , for now . 
   calling rightist stupid , xenophobic , homophobic i do n't understand this , alt right openly admits all this , does it all the time , and they do n't expect to be called on it ? 
  fuck them all , fuck all racists that were closet racists until few years ago . 
  which already happened in germany not so far ago ... 
   for me - good work hungary . 
  for me - good work macedonia who actually stopped the balkan route . 
   december 22 , 2015 , 7:55 pm, 
  i 'd rather have us-meddling that promotes stability than russian divide and conquer tactics . 
  fking finally, 
  itt : people who think they know more than literally former boss of intelligence agency who did this as his job,
