  there should be at least a way to normalize the flow . 
  so right ;d, 
  patrolling directly near africa 's territorial waters could actually be the best solution . 
  the loss of lives may be preserved , and they would n't come here . 
  of course , it would need money : and the budget of the mediterranean countries is n't enough . 
  one way or another the eu needs to take some sort of decision . 
  stop them at the shore or create a shared system of integration , but just do something . 
  the situation wo n't get better by itself . 
  i did n't know italy was planned to have such a large portion of territory . 
  my guess is we never even set foot on turkish soil because of mussolini 's coup . 
  i have to agree with [ u/bhdrbyr ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/bhdrbyr ) ; liberty had really little to do with that treaty . 
  and regarding the multiculturalism of the empire , it 's easy to mistakenly consider the ottoman empire of 1915 the same of 1501 . 
  a secular society changes . 
  at the dawn of wwi the ottoman empire and the uk had pretty the same way of dealing with the non-native populations . 
  i think so . 
  it mainly depends from the boat 's position during the havoc . 
  it 's hard to say , considering they probably have no gps . 
  the least that will happen to them is being sent back to their countries . 
  then again , i do n't know how homicide is dealt with in international waters . 
  lobbying in its original form is actually useful . 
  private companies and individuals finance parties even in the cleanest systems , and a sufficient lobby regulation makes the relationship clearer and transparent . 
  i normally despise the merging of business and politics , and honestly think the figure of the lobbyist could ironically mark the separation even better . 
  well , green energy is also an investment by the state . 
  logic may suggest the other opposite , meaning e.g. 
  less money for solar panels in the private sector . 
  considering all the work the eu has done to create a common energetic net and the relative gas emissions rise caused by going back to polluting energy sources because of fukushima , i think economic growth has little impact on the matter . 
  then again , i 'm no expert . 
  my army of magical internet bots , duh . 
  there was a clash in somalia at a base called `` checkpoint pasta '' . 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/9th_parachute_assault_regiment there was also an interesting article in an italian newspaper . 
  when i 've time i 'm gon na look for an english translation . 
  maybe the first few times . 
  but i 'm sure people will quickly get used to it and just drive/walk through with like they 're just air . 
  he must have thrown a bunch of awesome parties . 
  it 's more a question of demographic power , really . 
  plus , they would have an infinite amount of resources , which as we know is often used to blackmail the union . 
  it would have been a bad idea anyways . 
  can you imagine the eurozone summits dictated by the russian government ? 
  the balance of powers would have been completely destroyed . 
  pssst . . do n't tell anybody that germans can be bribed too . . 
  the new secret weaponry of the eu to defeat putin . 
  no , but it gives you the feeling you 'll never know what will hit you . 
  one thinks this kind of horror will be caused by isis or mafia . 
  once it happens it comes out it was a failed entrepreneur that went nuts . 
  this sucks . 
  `` it 's not guns that kill people - bullets do . '', 
  in many occasions i 've seen cops armed with military weaponry , with no proper training , wearing camouflage and resembling some kind of militia . 
  it 's a trend that should really stop . 
  join the eu at only 4,50 $ with a 35 % discount for every friend you share this voucher with !, 
  visit us at r/europeanparliament or call 199-100-500 . 
  european union : where dreams come true . 
  let 's face it . 
  it would have been difficult to put all the beautiful , fantastic , mesmerizing places our continent has to offer . 
  `` nazi european us-slave prepares offensive with unconventional weaponry exploiting space wizardry '' seems more authentic . 
  that 's what happens when you militarize the police forces . 
  pretty sure some czech or slovakian will agree to this , too . 
  i forgot italy has nato nuclear weaponry and that our pilots are trained to use them . 
  that 's what happens when you 've faith in diplomacy . 
  ... does n't seem like a smart idea to me . . 
  bini smaghi is an idiot . 
  he sold the company a piece at the time in the course of 20 years . 
  that 's what you get when buying a telecom three times bigger than yours company . 
  what did you just say about my mother ?? 
  italian farmers had to throw milk away because of the quotas . 
  wasting food should be a nightmare for a farmer , that 's why they should simply shut up . 
  yes . 
  that 's why i keep it off whenever i can . 
  and that 's why i would actually prefer not to use it . 
  getting rid of hola to watch comedy central and netflix would be awesome . 
  the question is about how it will work for us sites . 
  but-e pleaz-e , my slavic-eh overloard-eh ... 
  if i see another pun involving `` czechpoint '' , `` czechmate '' or some other bulls *** i 'm gon na blow this subreddit up . 
  or just whine in a corner . 
  they already have tragic problems on their own . 
  you want to doom them with ikea instructions , too ? 
  hey . 
  germans are very qualified people . 
  did they follow the last elections ? 
  from what i got , le pen only aggregated extremist voters , without booming . 
  finally we 're a little bit more civilized . 
  noo , not you of course . 
  it 's just so weird how most of the politicians lie even knowing the others know they usually lie . 
  i mean , both turkey and iran are doing it in a way . 
  middle eastern wars have always been proxy conflicts between saudis , iran , turkey , caused by either not intervening or backing the wrong people . 
  let 's not be hypocrite . 
  too busy escaping the rage of german democracy :d, 
  nothing . 
  but it 's your fault anyway . 
  ( i 'm joking ), 
  yet again , it 's germany 's fault . 
  fuck you and your weird ideolog - wait . . 
  you mean seahawks fighters , right ? 
  ... ohhhh . 
  it 's the emu war all over again . 
  `` i 'm a taaaank ... suck my diiiick '' never was more accurate . 
  now we need the bottom ten . 
  i bet italy will be there . 
  i personally sense them as scumbags that proliferate were the state is n't sufficiently strong . 
  they practically blackmail entire cities ; `` we do what the state does n't , but we will definitely kill you if necessary . 
  who cares about law , money is money . '',
