  there would be no match anyway . 
  weed can be smoked anywhere , but only here weed can be smoked in front of an ancient roman ruin . 
  secessions and national borders should n't be the question at all . 
  the whole point of being in europe is that the misfortunes of a region , that maybe landed in the wrong nation , can be counterbalanced by regional autonomy and joint european operations . 
  i would be angered by a tyrolese secession because it would actually backfire for them . 
  they obtained much more as an autonomous region collaborating externally with austria . 
  kosovo , serbia and albania should do the exact thing . 
  i 'm not talking about now . 
  normalization between germany and italy began immediately after the creation of west germany . 
  if we managed to have stable diplomatic relations with a country that destroyed europe after few years thanks to the joint efforts of the whole nato , it means it is also possible in serbia . 
  please . 
  venetian is not an ethnicity . 
  it 's an invention of lega nord , and i can assure you there is no risk of a serious secession in italy . 
  tyrol is actually the most independent region of our country , and even if we 've not the power of france or germany ( but that 's another story ) i doubt they would leave a quiet powerful regional power for a smaller european republic . 
  the advantages of the union are the same , but we give them more money . 
  yep . 
  we 're good at antiterrorism . 
  jesus christ serbia , again with this crap ? 
  the reason we wo n't allow them in the eu is exactly this . 
  ethnic groups and national cultures should live together and cooperate , despite ancient rivalries . 
  if italy and austria and germany and france managed it , even with regions swapping for people 's sake , they can do it too . 
  how comes beautiful politicians are often fascists ? 
  ( without including scandinavian ladies , of course ) . 
  we all agree humanity could do better . 
  but still , it 's a pretty amazing achievement , i would say . 
  it also makes you understand how many conflicts have raged around the globe in the past centuries . 
  you see ? 
  the difference between italy and ireland is clear . 
  we do n't believe too much in the catholic doctrine ( at least for the younger generations ) but are hold hostage by the vatican ( because of our own attitude ) . 
  over there they may be more faithful , but recognize the limits of the church . 
  if it was n't for the common currency and the union , greece would already be bankrupt . 
  the mismanagement of their economy , widespread corruption , waste of money have nothing to do with the eu nor the euro . 
  it may have its flaws , but the crisis would have hit harder both greece and the rest of europe if it was n't for the economic power the union has . 
  it seems like erdogan 's child just started studying the crimean war of 1853 . 
  `` italy is a boot '' is really the only politically correct result in here . 
  `` hungary is hungry '' however . . 
  a : italian is a mix of different ancient dialects . 
  there is n't only tuscan , but milanese , neapolitan and so on . 
  b : the decision was taken in order you create a national culture that did n't really exist before that . 
  economy has really little to do with manzoni . 
  dude , i would n't compare italy to romania . 
  come on now . 
  now i want the real varoufakis to visit the biggest ally he has in the euro zone : jan b\u00f6hmermann . 
  i never comment on things i did n't read . 
  i just think it 's stupid to implant a language that has very little to do with a country and treat it as it was part of a secular tradition just to make it easier for foreigners to invest . 
  companies deploy locals anyway because of their knowledge not only of the language but also of the environment they 're going to deal with . 
  there is a powerful bond between language and culture . 
  many anthropologists agree that the spoken language deeply influenced the way a population thinks . 
  i always approve the mixture of traditions and cultures , but not for the sake of trade , which in this case could only lead to a massive lack of continuity between younger and older generations of the swedish people . 
  summary : english for universities and international occasions good , english for internal matters and events bad . 
  this , of course , is only an opinion . 
  i can sense the irony of all this . 
  not even in theory . 
  you just ca n't dump your culture like that . 
  i agree english should be spoken well by everyone , but let 's do not exaggerate . 
  this will be used as casus belli . 
  isis ( or whatever local group joined the caliphate ) is trying to destabilize nearby countries . 
  that was unexpect - wait ... 
  i say it 's an incentive for ukrainian soldiers . 
  i would fight to have the booze back . 
  he 's back !, 
  ( in the ussr ? ), 
  let 's see what happens to the country first . 
  it 's a documentary , meaning it could have been shot anytime . 
  yep . 
  people will definitely start to fear a nuclear conflict because phrasing is too subtle . 
  i personally believe he 's bluffing . 
  that said , nobody expected this turn of events . 
  this is brilliant . 
  who 're they gon na send them ? 
  a very effective way to find allies . 
  i actually met a little boy who wanted to become pope . 
  when i told him girls were a no-no , he immediately desired to to study medicine . 
  we 're funny and all , but when it comes to weapon industry we really are a '' fearless bunch of motherfuckers '' . 
  well , i remember that many immigrants feared him . 
  so that 's something . 
  in any case a great military engagement is required . 
  i hope this will stop them ( besides is n't it convenient for russia to continue with hybrid warfare ? ), 
  does anyone remember enoch powell ? 
  because they seems similar . 
  very similar . 
  i hope so . 
  i 've sincerly no idea . 
  it 's like oj simpson . 
  we all know he 's guilty for something , but it is n't enough . 
  plus , those morons of the persecution often acted politically in order to gain credit , be invited to talk shows , et cetera . 
  as an italian i can assure he 's politically done , even remaining free . 
  his party is melting away in his own hands , lega nord is stealing his votes and the left party is too strong to fear any kind of opposition . 
  plus , he 's freakin , old . 
  i go to the german school in italy , and every time your colleagues from tessaloniki visit us they seem to be very worried about what could happen to germans ( and german sympathizers ) in greece . 
  very sorry . 
  well , they decriminalized small amounts . 
  i 'm not saying `` let 's get all high rofl 420 blaze it '' , but a test would be interesting . 
  even more in italy , where it would mean burning the most important income source of the mafia . 
  good to know . 
  portugal did it and they seem just fine . 
  the irony is italy fought hard to conquer gorizia in ww1 . 
  it was like a symbol of the austrian military power . 
  now it 's divided and we do n't even care because of the union . 
  poetic in a way .
