  `` the lazy , politically oriented implementation of [ common ] rules by the commission poses a threat to the credibility [ of europe ] '' , he continues . 
  wolfgang schauble had already made similar proposals in mid july , after the marathon-like meeting for the greek bailout in bruxelles . 
  he stated that the eu-commission should hand some of its core tasks to `` independent '' authorities . 
  weidmann also warns about further sharing of financial risks in europe . 
  these are the things the more strict or `` invasive '' wing of the union should worry about . 
  i hope the report will be followed by a severe program `` made in ue '' . 
  long story short , our correctional facilities are severely overpopulated . 
  the european union has even condemned us for the horrible conditions of italian inmates . 
  the worse thing is the majority is actually waiting trial or has been locked in for light-drugs trafficking . 
  until few months ago our laws did n't distinguish between weed and so called heavy drugs . 
  thank god . 
  unfortunately our prisons are more similar to the us model . . 
  apart from france . 
  french has such an high percentage of appreciation because it 's fairly easy for us to easy . 
  i still believe german ( and english of course ) is the most useful . 
  `` come learn german if you der '', 
  i 'm talking on an individual level . 
  despite having excellent mountain troops , soldiers were poorly equipped - which is all that matters in a conflict like the one on the albanian mountains . 
  in defense of your generals , they had n't much choice other then putting all the eggs in one basket , especially considering the desperate position greece was . 
  hey , we 're italians . 
  we do n't like easy stuff . 
  unless it 's political programs . 
  wwii was for us a parade of failures . 
  we first backstabbed dying france , which still managed to fight us back on the alps . 
  we went on loosing ethiopia and almost loosing libya before the afrika korps arrived . 
  we had our asses kicked by greece , a small country with generals that at least knew the terrain they were fighting on . 
  we went on sending for no practical reason many young soldiers to be slaughtered in russia , and when the germans retreated from both stalingrad and el alamein they either stole our trucks or left our boys to cover them . 
  after september 8 , 1943 we suddenly all became anti fascist ( there was mussolini 's fascist state in the north , but we do n't talk about it , despite the big political legacy it left us ) . 
  at the end of the day , in today 's view we absolutely didnt participate to any genocide ( we protected the jews , true , but we butchered africans and various people of the balkans ) and we were n't of course blinded by the totalitarian regime , we were victims of incompetent leaders and revolted thanks to our heroic partisans . 
  now , we had as many resistance members and civilians killed by the nazis as france , but it should n't eclipse our early crimes . 
  it apparently does . 
  advanced army . 
  seriously though , the only difference between our armies was the size , which became pretty useless when the utter incompetence of italian generals kicked in . 
  you have to admit you make it hard on other german speakers . 
  denver , campania . 
  i think your food situation just got a lot better . 
  of course . 
  they are the last defenders of european cryptonationalism and cultural identity , remember ? 
  a smart immigration policy is definitely what we need . 
  the labor force coming from africa and the middle east ( but africa especially ) has an overall positive impact on the economy and pension system . 
  well organized streams would likely remove the majority of humanitarian problems and integration issue we currently have . 
  35 % of berlusconi sustainers + 5 % centrists + 25 % non voters with a neutral view on berlusconi = 65 % . 
  you said none of them would ever vote him . . 
  populism affects the whole political spectrum the same way . 
  there 's no need to be aggressive and my view is none of your business . 
  and i never said you 're an idiot ; but the majority of voters does n't reason , which seems you do . 
  a research by istituto cattaneo showed that  30 % of grillo 's voters chose pdl ( beelusconi 's old party ) or lega nord at least once . 
  i 'm on mobile right now , but i 'm gon na add the source afterwards . 
  a similar amount of voters were `` stolen '' from pd/sel , and the rest are non voters or centrist . 
  there have been elections where almost the half of voters chose berlusconi , meaning it was predictable . 
  tragically accurate . 
  italians are idiots . 
  the fact that he gained such a large support does n't make him any better . 
  we were able to vote for berlusconi so many times , goddamit !, 
  italians are idiots . 
  the fact that he gained such a large support does n't make him any better . 
  we were able to vote for berlusconi so many times , goddamit !, 
  italy into stronk !, 
  so sorry . 
  ( the dog easy bits the most troubled ), 
  exactly . 
  what 's wrong with you , people ? 
  never went to holiday in lybia to try your new sub machine gun out ? 
  some of the groups conducting the attacks are in fact inspired by national socialism . 
  not surprised at all . 
  if you 've the guts to spy hollande or merkel in their intimacy , being assigned to comrade vladimir must sound like a vacation . 
  but . . 
  but my amateurish esteem !, 
  this . 
  most of the time the issue are n't much the ideas , but the lack of empathy of the talking partner . 
  sadly it 's especially true with the greek question . 
  funny enough , sch\u00e4uble actually approves a transfer of power from the states to the union . 
  it does n't seem like it now , but he 's probably the most european lawmaker in the cdu . 
  but it 's not their right to use violent means , in any case . 
  you do n't go shooting in the streets every time you 're mistreated by authorities , do you ? 
  since when damaging public property and burning stuff is not considered violent and consequent of racist behavior ? 
  read what the locals say about the immigrants and you 'll realize there 's nothing to justify . 
  not even the worst immigration policy excuses such behaviors . 
  but it 's cia propaganda , do n't you see ? 
  / russia today out, 
  but . . it has little to do with the crisis . . 
  i just want tourist information . 
  yep , it 's something we all needed today . 
  varoufakis probably remembered the early acces games when he worked back at steam . . 
  what a depressing fuckin ' day . 
  because afd and csu are n't capitalistic at all . 
  eeexactley . 
  i 'm gon na plagiarize the crap out of your post . 
  ( joking of course ), 
  weird nobody 's talking about it over here . 
  i do n't expect much from our request , sadly . 
  the funny thing about this mess is that the majority of `` no gender '' activists ( whatever it means ) are the usual catholic hypocrites that go to church every sunday and then rant about murdering immigrants , homosexuals and other minorities . 
  if we had a ethnic group made of teletubbies there would be protests against them as well . 
  do n't worry !, 
  we 'll find a way to point out how shit we are . 
  because the italian people is essentially masochistic and has a real self esteem problem . 
  the fact the last one succeeded does n't necessarily mean it always does . 
  but there 's always the risk it gets out of hand . 
  i prefer slower progress without living in fear of some lunatic with nukes . 
  it would be exciting as a spy story if it was n't for the impressive damage it dealt to innocent consumers .
