this is gold . 
  how do you calculate democracy ? 
  seems really ... arbitrary . 
  no reason to get angry . 
  i 'm just an ignorant trying to get somewhat educated about the video game industry . 
  stay chill . 
  i 'm not saying we do n't have development studios . 
  i 'm only asking why we do n't have big developers ( excluding ubisoft ) . 
  is it really a bad thing ? 
  that 's why we need the famous `` hotspots '' in italy and greece . 
  the major problem we have right now is that nobody can say for sure how many migrants come from where . 
  with an established bureaucratic system we could elaborate statistics and decide what policy to adopt . 
  this is what both sides need to understand : going in without data would be hypocritical for people who want to help refugees , because some of the migrants are n't protected by international law , but it would also be stupid for those people who reject for `` pragmatic reasons '' . 
  a thesis has to be backed by official numbers . 
  was n't helping the ones in need the core of christianity ? 
  do n't forget a bounce of pacific islands . 
  the marianas was the reason japan got involved in the first place . 
  to be honest , we have the resources to deal with it . 
  what we really need is the assurance you other people will actually accept your quotas . 
  i mean , it 's not like an extend parliament should take all the decisions for the people , now should it ? 
  i dare someone to say afghanistan is n't a war zone . 
  well , they try . 
  since the article speaks about us and you use the plural . . edit : word, 
  because libya is no country anymore . 
  we 're not a poor country , idiot . 
  but they would n't know until the acquisition a dictionary . 
  well , it would also make you seem international and sophisticated with friends if you decided to learn the posts by heart . 
  i really like him too . 
  i 'm a backer of him , but he has one flaw . 
  he 's not doing much against organized crime . . 
  but seeing the trouble he currently has holding the government together , i really ca n't blame him . 
  and he 's passing many reforms that were just laying around in the chambers for decades , so that 's good . 
  the problem with our political system is that many ( often willingly ) confuse privileges with rights . 
  if workers can actually be fired if they misbehave or do something wrong in the employers eyes , than some shortsighted politicians and inefficient union dirigents will start arguing that the now shattered status quo ( eg having the employer to have a just cause to fire someone ) was a right because heck , it has always been like that way !, 
  renzi 's behaviour does n't help either , because he is n't diplomatic at all . 
  his party and the whole political system as a whole have always been paralyzed by leaders not willing to push `` difficult '' reforms ; where others have debated for decades trying to find an impossible agreement at least in their own party , renzi has just crushed any opposition ( always in a legal way ) by just rolling trough like a tank . 
  if you 're used to a type of democracy where nothing gets done for the sake of being backed by every movement inside a party , then you could consider his way of leading the country as authoritarian . 
  edit : typo, 
  the institute is known to report biased and somewhat misleading data , though . 
  pretty much every measure proposed by renzi has been labeled as authoritarian . 
  the concept is becoming more and more empty every time the opposition speaks . 
  well , many of them have been sent `` scouting '' by the families to find a place where the later arriving people can find a job , too . 
  it 's not like macedonia gives you many perspectives . 
  `` data '' collected by a notorious anti-muslim institute . 
  you 're just cherry-picking information to enforce your preexisting opinion . 
  go tell the millions americans with european heritage . 
  reminders that people like you exist fucking scare me . 
  if you do n't have time to enforce your thesis , it 's like not contributing to the debate . 
  do n't reverse the roles : you 're supposed to prove me what you say is n't completely made up , not the other way round . 
  i like the way you provide sources . 
  germany needs a lot more immigrants to sustain its social security system . 
  the majority of germans with immigration background are often more liberal then ethnic locals and problems emerge only when great influxes and integration are mismanaged . 
  ah , it 's spelled `` crisis '' , not `` crysis '' . 
  it 's no game . 
  i do n't see why somebody should even care if you 're in a country since decades or centuries . 
  i do n't think the ddr should be used as a model for anything . 
  situations like these make people desperate . 
  europe really needs to articulate the immigration waves and organize proper travels . 
  we need to stop pretending it 's gon na stop , it wo n't no matter what we do . 
  it 's not the same . 
  immigration in the mediterranean is pretty much like drug smuggling : the escalation in the war against narcos did n't stop the trafficking because despite the governments making things harder for smugglers , there has and always will be someone requesting cocaine and other junk . 
  until people wanting to get here will exist there will also be some professional trying to crack fortress europe . 
  it 's a business and as a business has to be fought , by providing different routes to these people . 
  we all know how badly we need proper immigration to sustain our economic model . 
  but we also need the waves to be articulated , planned and composed by somewhat trained workers . 
  and only the eu can intervene and launch such a program . 
  you 're so na\u00efve . 
  it 's definitely something we should do , but it wo n't stop them . 
  got ta choose gomorra . 
  * cyberfantasy plot intensifies *, 
  and why should there ? 
  comrade vladimir has always been polite to his east european brothers . 
  look , new means to apply the gag-law !, 
  i 'm happy to see that there 's still someone with heart out there . 
  ah , the conflicts between rome , regions and town authorities . . our politics in a nutshell . 
  pizza or spaghetti . 
  the first yesterday , the second in few hours . 
  edit : of course i meant pizza and not pasta . 
  my autocorrect must really like tagliatelle . 
  they were just pro-africanization leftist scum . 
  surely some setup to delegitimate true europeans !, 
  you 're justifying every crime against humanity that was ever conceived like this . 
  with the same reasoning you could say we should n't try to destroy the islamic state because they 're only applying their laws and who are we to impose ours . 
  do you really think they would just stay back where we sent them ? 
  well , his master robber said `` when you 're in the bank draw your weapon '' , and he did it . 
  but you 're comparing a macroregion with a nation . 
  the damages made by boko haram ca n't be measured by the scale of destruction of pure conflict . 
  despite the attacks being limited to northern nigeria , the whole state apparatus is evidently focused on ending the rebellion , allocating fundamental resources that would otherwise been used for economic development . 
  not only that , state of war changes the environment media , economy and culture act in . 
  the comparison with eastern europe does n't fit because the bonds of ukraine 's neighbors are n't as thigh as the ones that exist inside a national system . 
  yep , that 's us :d, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/timeline_of_boko_haram_insurgency now , it seems to me like there 've been slightly more attacks there then in europe . . and there 's no reason to dismiss the fear they 're gon na expand their territory . 
  come on ... 
  ever heard of boko haram and daesh ? 
  it 's a a serious fallacy to think war , especially that kind of war , is limited to the frontline . 
  to be fair , seeker from warzones are 43 % , if you count iraq , nigeria and so on . 
  the president of bundesbank , the german central bank , has proposed the creation of a new independent authority aimed at controlling the budget of euro-states . 
  `` if we consider the current role of the european commission it becomes clear that an independent authority to control budget and check the implementation of rules could be an advantage . 
  '' , states weidmann in an article written for german newspaper `` focus '' . 
  he accuses the commission of acting laxly for political reasons .
