  finally some clear facts in this abundant sea of approximation that is the public debate about immigration . 
  i did n't say we should n't do it . 
  i 'm just stating how it rarely leads tho positive results . 
  arm races are almost never good . 
  because the union was born to have a united continent during happy and most importantly crisis years . 
  the same reasoning could be applied to everything , from diplomatic relationships to russia to agriculture . 
  nobody deserves to be overwhelmed by something like this . 
  the problem is , we created a lot of the problems africa has . 
  there 's a difference between asylum seekers that arrive with intercontinental flights and asylum seekers that shipwreck on the shores . 
  this said , germany is probably the only ally italy has in the migration crisis . 
  if you give two pupils the same math problem they 'll probably end up with the same result . 
  granted they 're good at math . 
  with what money ? 
  what about schengen ? 
  europe ca n't just talk about solidarity and oblige us to keep them and sanction us if we do n't . 
  the continent has enough resources to help those people , and throwing them back to africa costs resources anyways . 
  resources italy does n't have . 
  be prepared , because this is an historic phenomenon that wo n't stop anytime soon , because desperate people will try to cross the mediterranean despite any perspective of rejection . 
  it 's mere calculation that has nothing to do with ideology and hatred . 
  like saudi arabia with al quaeda , turkish authorities probably signed some kind of non belligerent treaty , granting the neutrality of turkey in exchange of isis ignoring the country as an objective , at least for now . 
  disgusting and immoral as you want , but that 's the reason why almost no shots were fired on this side of the border . 
  al baghdadi is granted a logistical backdoor , erdogan can focus on domestic issues and can blackmail the eu , everybody wins . 
  except those poor civilians , as always . 
  damn , that 's some dedication . 
  whatcha gon na do when estonian army comes for you ? 
  it does n't make much sense . 
  the militants need to be trained , and training ( despite the low quality of the isis program ) requires money . 
  every militant is an investment : then why do they risk it by throwing the militants on a boat that could or could not be intercepted before sinking ? 
  the supporters of authoritarian governments cross the line between incredible stupidity and amazing bending of logic and dialectic . 
  heck , i think they could answer all the questions about quantum physics without problems . 
  you know the school is almost over when russia is preparing the summer offensive . 
  i would agree too , but i would n't expect international supervision . 
  it 's the same russian government that wants to ban amnesty international , remember ? 
  the problem is , renzi 's government was born after a provisory coalition with the conservatives . 
  still , since we 're talking about a small party , let 's hope the extreme left minority will vote united . 
  it can happen , despite the church . 
  yeah !, 
  i 'm only disappointed they all were released the same month . 
  we 'll need to stick with idiotic comedies the whole year . 
  youth , by paolo sorrentino . 
  in worldwide cinemas right now , it 's worth watching . 
  accusing someone of disinformation through disinformation ? 
  that 's meta . 
  you 're totally right . 
  but in this case ... amnesty international ? 
  `` hahahahahahhaha . 
  i know this thread is all about past personalities taking what we say seriously , but this could be just too much . 
  * drinks some good wine smiling and watching the vikings argue again *, 
  * throws papers in the air * so i just wasted my time . 
  yeah , he should be as neutral as possible , diplomatic and all that stuff . 
  but i suppose that a man only can take so much . 
  it actually translates better to `` we 're at home , we 're at home . '', 
  `` money is going to be useless '' sorry , says who ? 
  if you 're going to write stuff like this you 'll need to have some source and elaborate a little bit . 
  otherwise it 's just an easy answer to a complex problem . 
  to be honest the numbers do n't even mean much . 
  without even considering the quality of the equipment , you have to consider that italy , for example , or israel , do n't even need massive armies . 
  special troops are the best example : smaller units for maximum damage . 
  even technologies like iron dome ( the israeli antibalistic system ) allow to restructure the army and sometimes even lowering the budget . 
  finally !, 
  it will be a slow build up , though . 
  economically speaking , it 's a little bit far fetched . 
  the euro has far more things in common with the old mark than with the lira or peso . 
  the reason why countries are reluctant to join the eurozone is the loss of powers it would mean for the national central banks . 
  you 're right when you say those countries are the reason why others are reluctant to join in , but for the opposite reason . 
  they saw that with the euro it 's impossible to inflate or deflate the currency locally , and now are scared to renounce to such last resort options ( despite being vastly ineffective in such cases ), 
  our economies would have died long ago without the common currency . 
  why an obligation ? 
  it 's not a punishment , you know . 
  with milliband gone , is there any possibility such a coalition will actually take place in this legislation ? 
  is n't the secret service under the chancellery 's control ? 
  or is there a parliamentary commission ? 
  in case of the latter , i would agree with you . 
  but considering the spd was n't really in charge of much in the last years i would consider their ignorance on the matter unlikely but possible . 
  the eu is all about shared responsibilities and privileges , you know that , right ? 
  i do n't even know how people could take this seriously . 
  this is a catastrophe . 
  we were somewhat dicks to ethiopia . 
  with all that bombing with gas and destroying their national intellighenzia , you know . 
  we 're practically responsible for their postwar instability . 
  a civil discussion about israel ? 
  are we still on the internet ? 
  i know one thing . 
  sky tg24 is n't a newscast willing to create a fake scandal for the sake of views . 
  if this turns out to be true , well . . holy crap . 
  and after seeing the video , i 've little doubts about it . 
  seems original to me . 
  go tell the turks . . 
  it does n't change the point . 
  gmo are illegal in europe , and that 's a fact . 
  it means the eu does n't feel like we know enough about modified organism and wants to keep its citizens safe . 
  it 's rightfully open to debate , but if we want to make them legal then there should be a normal political debate . 
  introducing american gmos in the market would mean to take a shortcut and violate the decisions taken by the citizens . 
  switzerland should n't exist . 
  we should avoid people get killed , you know . 
  it should be a european mission , not a national one . 
  and honestly i do n't see the ethical problem : they 're actually breaking the law . 
  i agree they 're desperate because of war , economic crisis ecc , but we simply can not accept them . 
  they 're too many !, 
  a regulatory diplomatic mission in loco would be a good way to let the real refugees in .
