you broke the goddamn chain !, 
  you monster !, 
  the problem i have is that if a business is messing up the environment , putting huge external costs on the rest of the economy , forcing the government to bring in new environmental protection laws . 
  then what ? 
  government gets sued from trying to make a company pay for it 's own goshdarn externalities ?!, 
  sometimes polluting industries are n't even viable when they have to pay for their own external costs . 
  if that 's the case then it 's utter bullshit . 
  anyone know more about it ? 
  not sure if sarcastic ... 
  i think what you 're touching on is that areas that are better off are not willing to pay for areas that are doing badly , while at the same time germany is such a huge net exporter , the periphery of europe suffers as they mathematically have to be net importers within the eu . 
  this constant transfer of wealth to the core has never been dealt with in europe in a structural way , and no-one wants to face up to the reality that the core has to return money to the periphery in some shape or form or they 're looking at really difficult political and economic situations in the future . 
  the us does this by way of the federal government so it kind of works . 
  depressed states ( sadly , mostly in the south ) receive more federal dollars than they pay in federal taxes . 
  if the eu does not come to some solution on this problem , we 're probably going to see more and more extreme politics on the periphery as the standard of living drops , and possibly a political situation that is really hard to deal with on a eu level due to extreme differences in ideology btw , switzerland and norway have zero intention and incentive to join the eu , i do n't see how you 'd imagine they would . 
  norway is sorted fiscally for decades due to a well managed economy and a better understanding of the joys of monetary independence . 
  switzerland takes pride in its neutrality and has a very good relationship with the eu that they really do n't need to change . 
  on your point about the eu splitting and the northern states forming a union themselves , i think that 's a question they have to ask themselves . 
  is the dream and reality of what the eu has or will accomplish worth it to them to stick around and pay for a federal government to keep the eu stable ? 
  if not , then they may eventually leave . 
  all of this is many years away i think if it does come to pass . 
  it probably would n't help stability alright . 
  i guess the wishes of a people and stability are two incredibly important things , swinging too far in favour of either one can be very dangerous . 
  if the issue is blocked by the government , do the catalonian people have any recourse through the european courts or similar ? 
  thanks !, 
  that 's a great argument , you 've really convinced everyone of your point of view there . 
  some people take positions in the market where they benefit from volatility . 
  other actors benefit from long term stability and are hurt by volatility . 
  i do n't think its as clear cut as you are making it out to be . 
  the markets are based on assessed risk . 
  the current situation is risky , therefore the markets wobble . 
  crises/panics are based on fairly well understood human psychology and are an outlier in a generally efficient and relatively well-behaved system for distributing capital whets it 's needed . 
  the treatment of individuals and peoples under such a system is a whole other issue with a much more sorry history : /, 
  maybe you should stop using them for inane problems then :p, 
  once they stated touching western corporate profits too ... 
  foreign aid is causing about as much disruption as it helps , distorting markets and putting local farmers and industry out of business . 
  with that and the world bank / imf approach of `` do as we say , not as we do '' and you end up with a continent unable to eliminate poverty . 
  that being said , many african governments have hardly had policies conducive to growth and prosperity . 
  it seems the teeth fixing was secondary to having a better future and life for his family . 
  she was originally planning to help him with money in syria , but later they figured they 'd be better off in europe in general and then maybe later they can fix his teeth . 
  i think it 's a tad disingenuous to say they moved to europe to fix his teeth . 
  because europe and the us have had absolutely no role in destabilising the middle east right ? 
  most likely derived from the original meaning . 
  that 's always been the meaning of jurisrudence , it 's never been anything different . 
  why are you surprised ?!, 
   early 17th century : from late latin jurisprudentia , from latin jus , jur - ` law ' + prudentia ` knowledge ' . 
   to prove a point about moral superiority . 
  it 's not about moral superiority , or proving a point ; it 's about what 's the best outcome , from my point of view anyway . 
   so why should the rapists ever stop paying the consequences ? 
  this is the essence of `` an eye for an eye '' . 
  forcing a violent criminal into work doing what ? 
  making washing machines ? 
  doing laundry ? 
  these are not very productive/useful uses of a person in the western world , we are all capable of so much more than that , even a criminal . 
  investing in rehabilitation , education and re-integration should benefit society in a very meaningful way if it 's done correctly ( e.g. 
  sweden ) . 
  it is certainly not `` wasting millions '' , it 's investing millions , it 's fixing families , it 's increasing the skilled workforce , it 's increasing the tax base . 
  forcing them into menial labour or something to exact some sort of punishment is a bad end to the story , we can strive for better ends than that . 
  an `` eye for an eye '' is something we should have all abandoned in the middle ages . 
  we can do better , we can have better outcomes for the criminal , for society , for everyone . 
  revenge and hatred beget revenge and hatred , we learned this lesson the hard way in northern ireland . 
  `` this system does n't work 100 % , therefore it 's a bad system and i will insist on using my own system without evidence that it will work any better . '', 
  - ftfy !, 
  how about the [ oxford dictionary ] ( http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/jurisprudence ) , lol . 
  i 'd say there 's very much a culture of `` an eye for an eye '' in the states , much moreso than in europe ( take the swedish justice and reform system as a case in point ) . 
  when the culture accepts it , the politicians and the government are more likely to also accept it . 
  germany is doing well for two reasons , yes it has an excellent manufacturing and engineering sector , but also the deflated euro . 
  this is causing a huge trade surplus in germany and results in trade defecits all over europe since we all trade so much with each other . 
  the richer countries in europe with large trade surpluses are actively damaging the rest of europe . 
  this is not a morality play with bad southern countries and good northern ones , we 're all stuck with this complex monetary system and we have to make it work . 
  is it not possible to have high security without violating human rights ? 
  correlation does not equal causation mrs. lagarde . 
  the economy could have just as likely picked up due to the easing of austerity measures as due to the reforms `` paying off '' . 
   he event called the creditors `` terrorists '' from what i understand . 
  certainly that 's not productive . 
  that was a horrible translation , see this thread for what he actually said with a more accurate translation : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3c3cj6/yanis_varoufakis_accuses_creditors_of_terrorism/, 
  with a crisis i would assume it 's going to be harder to build a consensus for fiscal union with trust in the eurozone at an all time low , and economic disparities at an all time high ? 
  do you think germany is going to cede fiscal control when pressure from half of europe is for inflation in the depressed economies ? 
  i think that 's partly it , but why they keep pushing austerity to their own collective detriment is not explained wholly by this . 
  someone must be thinking `` austerity works but the greeks are n't doing it right '' for them to keep pushing for the same agenda despite the obviously bad outcome . 
  politics is nasty business . 
  i truly believed we had started to move beyond selfish adherence to ideologies in europe but the last 8 years has shattered that illusion for me , and i hope for us all . 
  this is the reality we face , compassionless leaders hitting every problem with the same idealogical hammer no matter the consequence . 
  it 's all about the monkey circles . 
  the greek monkey circle is closer to mine so i sympathise more . 
  it 's a strong human tenancy , we all may as well get used to it . 
   `` the euro is a successful and stable currency . '', 
  i 'm sorry but what planet are the authors living on ? 
  without the necessary capital flows it has been a disaster for peripheral countries . 
  how are we supposed to change things when no one is willing to admit the eurozone is in serious trouble over the short , medium and long term ? 
  which goes counter to the findings of their own analysts , which makes me suspect politics is coming into it by way of the imf . 
  that student needs to work on his filter . 
  i imagine the art of professional translation is an interesting one , 
  pretty good translation , i took a few liberties with the directness of the translation to try to make it a bit more natural to english speakers ( hope you do n't mind !, 
  ) :  by the time the stimulus reaches the brain and you get a reaction , you can usually finish your meal . 
  i 'm guessing here , but i 'd imagine if germany did a 180 on this whole issue , it would have a huge impact on the outcome for greece . 
  the imf itself has been calling for a softer stance , without much reciprocation from many countries in the eu . 
  obligatory : it 's like daily mail articles turning up in r/politics , poor bastards do n't realise they 're linking to a semi-fascist rag . 
  and that 's pretty much what 's happened here . 
  sad thing is the first few comments are echoing the shitty sentiments in the article . 
  as if it were shocking that some immigrants are bad people and that this should excuse us from doing some sort of moral good in the world by accepting those who are persecuted in their own country .
