  warpgate vulnerability is just a minor annoyance . 
  people were banned forever for a thing they could n't help . 
  did n't notice you were invulnerable soon enough ? 
  too bad . 
  why ? 
  the devs make referances to it , it 's cool as fuck , and does n't affect the less deep lore . 
  the developpers of skyrim said it was influenced by kirkbride . 
  his concepts can be found all over tes . 
  saying it 's `` just fan-fiction '' is a bit silly anyway . 
  was the name alessia chosen intentionally ? 
  because if it was , i like you . 
  i mean , it could be both . 
  maybe they 're lannisters ? 
  oblivion was good , but i enjoyed skyrim much more . 
  makes it hard to get immersed when two npcs with the same voice-actor talk to eachother , then proceed to try to walk through a wall . 
  and morrowind ? 
  yep , those 2 rats your kicked your goddamn ass !, 
  and you 're supposed to stop a god . 
  have fun !, 
  maybe i just suck . 
  maybe morrowind is really hard . 
  maybe it 's both . 
  if you 're on pc , console commands would probably fix . 
  check also if you have any conflicting mods , and if you have a handy save , check if it happens there too , or if it is just this character . 
  also try re-installing dawnguard . 
  if you 're on console , i 'm sure someone who knows better about them can help . 
  the tribunal , the living gods of morrowind , who you fucked over in morrowind , doing to bidding of azura . 
  they are the reason morrowind had autonomy , they are the reason the chimer turned into dunmer . 
  they 're also really fucking interesting . 
  basicly , three gods , sotha sil , who is mystery , almalexia , who is mercy , vivec , who is mastery . 
  they tapped the heart of lorkhan , and became gods . 
  talos most likely had some sort of sexual intercourse with vivec . 
  well , it 's finland , so that would be juhani . 
  no i definetely had points in that skill , was using a sword . 
  i 'm probably just used to newer games or something . 
  i really like it . 
  i might do an artifact for my character now . 
  can we just get over this ? 
  it 's turned from whining about dayz to whining about people whining about dayz . 
  so school started . 
  yay . 
  school = stress = migraines . 
  can confirm , am a `` hambeast '' , everytime i see someone with food i ask them to give it to me . 
  you could n't join the forces of dagoth ur in morrowind , or the hordes of daedra in oblivion , or alduin in skyrim . 
  you should n't be allowed to join the dominion either . 
  this is n't dragon age . 
  that was a minor questline . 
  it was supposed tobe bigger , yeah , but it was n't . 
  in anycase , it was n't the main questline . 
  no reason to divide it now . 
  no , they are n't . 
  do n't look anything like the tr `` sega genesis '' look . 
  faction-based loadingscreens ? 
  i would love that . 
  i mostly used my bow , i found it hard to balance between one-handed and archery . 
  if they 're able to , most likely . 
  lol . 
  the planetside 2 subreddit has always been hostile to devs , only recently it has become welcoming to them , because of efforts on soes part . 
  they just put out the directive system , and are workings on tons of shit . 
  soe has made planetside 2s development a very open thing . 
  you can find the puns elsweyr . 
  step one : take out your sword . 
  step two : hit her with it . 
  it must be so sad for you to not have the signature rocket launcher of the terran republic be a steaming pile of shit . 
  we are talking about the same striker here , right ? 
  yes , i am aware of this . 
  bit of a stretch , but sure , why not . 
  i would love this . 
  much better looking than most of the stuff we have . 
  have you actually watched the trailers ? 
  the o2 thing seems very well done , and not `` tacked on '' at all . 
  it also has completely new classes , which means different gameplay . 
  i 've had some fun times with my friends playing the jagex version . 
  it 's a different game . 
  planetside 2 you absolutely do not need to pay to be competitive . 
  there is a bit of a grind to get to the cooler toys , but most of the weapons you can buy are simply sidegrades . 
  and finnish . 
  i do n't even know what to say to that , expect that it 's blatantly false to say that . 
  there was the channelc0dex thing , but i do n't think it ever went anywhere . 
  looking past the propaganda , you do have a valid theory . 
  it 's not impossible to say that the blessings are just enchantments in the statues . 
  why would boethia , azura or mephala give out blessing anyhow ? 
  i also think the ability to cure all diseases goes in the category of `` game mechanic '' , or is exclusive to heroes . 
  it would , in theory , prevent any major outbreak of disease ever happening , which we know is not true . 
  the starting weapons are not `` terrible '' , as you put it . 
  i need this in my life . 
  so very much . 
  woosh . 
  i doubt he will reach level 81 before the series ends , unless he powerlevels or uses some of the exploits , which is not very zisteau-like . 
  i ran mass effect 2 with a really shitty laptop , you should n't have any problems . 
  granted , that did give shepard the ability to just walk through doors in cutscenes . . 
  i do n't get it . 
  the game industry has a problem with 30-40v white males , sure . 
  every other main character seems to be one . 
  but women are getting more and more represation , which is good thing to almost all gamers , except some small pocket of sexist douches . 
  what `` gamers '' ( who apparently are all devi . . white males ) mostly hate is forcing these issues into games where they have no place . 
  imagine a horror game , where every time you saw a body , the game would tell you if he was cis , or trans or whatever the tumblrinas are doing nowadays , and then link to misandry mermaid . 
  the gaming community has never been really accepted . 
  there have always been a good amount of stereotypes around those who play video games , and making more of them ( `` all gamers are sexist !!! '' ), 
  will not help make the industry more diverse .
