  none of the usual crap , claiming all kinds of bads things about videogames . 
  very nice . 
  good for kurt to get some attention , which he deserves, 
  as someone who plays a lot of gmod , i find this hilarious ... and a tad bit painful, 
  totally off-topic , but as a finnish person who has started learning swedish , this was the first post in swedish i 100 % understood . 
  haha . 
  where will we hear from him next ? 
  i 've lost all hope . . 
  pls new weapons during the weekend though, 
  haha never going to happen i know, 
  on miller , it 's more like `` free certs for terrans !, 
  i sure hope my great grandchildren will like it . 
  personally i doubt it , but we 'll see . 
  make amerish more vehicle friendly . 
  those damn mountains make traveling in land vehicles hell . 
  you being an oppressor of freedom , obviously . 
  i play a lot of engineer , and my suicide is 1 , since i use the scroll wheel for weapons . 
  you do n't believe how many fucking times i 've tried to place a sentry , and instead suicided . 
  there 's a first time for everything , i suppose . 
  but seriously , how much longer do we have to have these `` the ending blah blah '' posts ? 
  third . 
  we finns have got that covered , no worries !, 
  my guess ? 
  soe cares more about fixing us servers , than eu . 
  i 'd be all over some sweet nc hoodies and bonus checks . 
  you would propably fucking love miller . 
  tr overpop , day and night . . sometimes , it 's almost even . 
  you look like a mix of traynor and t'suzsa, 
  butchered my wife . 
  murdered tons of named npc 's , for various reasons . 
  had to put 4 of the followers i 've had down because they started attacking guards etc. 
  killed lydia out of boredom . 
  most of whiterun is dead , due to me being a werewolf . 
  been thinking about starting a new save , since the world is a bit ... empty . 
  some , i do not regret killing one bit . 
  like nazeem . 
  the dremora butler is still better . 
  there is n't a way to kill him . 
  download esbern soundfix to fix it . 
  hahaha . . `` bugs '' you . . i 'll show myself out, 
  rule 34 , mates . 
  no . . not mates . 
  this is too punishing for us bad players . 
  if getting exp would depend on my kills etc , i would never unlock anything . 
  so , bad idea in my opinion . 
  i play mainly engi , repairing , giving out ammo etc. 
  also do a bit of burster max and been training vith the lightning . 
  overall , i get decently xp , but what this guy is proposing would make me get a lot less . 
  not for me , they are n't . 
  did n't lose a single one . 
  haha , his answer to my question was quite funny . 
  it was the finland one . 
  yeah i have one , pm me if interested . 
  suddenly dragon, 
  and finland even has orcs !, 
  aww , how innocent you are . 
  serena here means having sexual intercourse with gargoyles and such . 
  but the stormcloaks are much weaker by a long shot . 
  they stand no chance against the thalmor . 
  only trough an united empire of men can we ever hope to destroy the aldmeri dominion . 
  you definetely earned your bonus check . 
  finally, 
  i 'm fine with it , be it skyrim , oblivion , morrowind , eso , or fucking redguard . 
  just . 
  give . 
  more . 
  playing . 
  you should play helgen reborn . 
  amazing mod , good voice acting etc. 
  check it out . 
  they did n't lose their powers just like `` bang . '', 
  it was a long process . 
  i super rarely start new saves , since i like to do everythiiing on every character . 
  so far , on pc , i 've had 2 characters . 
  so i actually like the starting scene . 
  so my av mana is useless now ? 
  fuck this . 
  it was n't too terribly good before , even though people liked to cry about it . 
  now it 's about as usefull as running under the tanks . 
  it 's not `` beyond broken '' . 
  it needs a fix , agreed . 
  not a sledgehammer nerf that makes it useless . 
  they told enough to know that it will most likely be useless , and atleast not worth the price i paid for it . 
  you 're not going to get a reaction that easily , you know that , right ? 
  you 'll be send your invitation to the club house during the next week . 
  it 's in the city of ica n'tplayplanetside , just north of whyisthisnotfixed . 
  you 'll get refresments and tissues to go along with loginside 2 . 
  no love for finland . 
  ever . 
  only for 2 months , though . 
  never 3 . 
  could i get the ip too ? 
  well , tr has been overpop on miller for a loong time . 
  the real problem is vanu though , who are always underpop , sometimes ridicilously so . 
  edit : what i mean is , that the problem is how underpop the vs are . 
  i like you . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  why is that a. . thing ? 
  hahahahahahaa no . 
  i 'm an ugly motherfucker .
