  they 've still gotten to the point of stupidity . 
  as a fat person , i 'm constantly baffled by these `` fat-activists '' . 
  seriously . 
  pants should not be a fucking problem : unless you are godzilla , you 're going to find fitting pants * somewhere . 
  * and stairs ? 
  how bad of a shape can a person get in ? 
  every day , i walk up to the third floor , where i live , and it 's not bad at all . 
  oh well , i guess i 'm not anywhere near the size of these people , since `` fat as fuck '' is very different in finland and in america . 
  protip : cycling . 
  it 's fun , you get around easily , and you get some exercise accidently . 
  fine . 
  go post some more shitty puns about ram . 
  who the fuck needs funny content , anyway . 
  was it because of your mother ? 
  because that 's what happened to me . 
  remember playing this with my friend . 
  when it ended , we both just silently looked at each other while eli got this brain sucked out and went `` oh man '' . 
  oh man i hated that so much . 
  atleast when waiting for the cart thingy you could jump down and run around . 
  yay !, 
  all my money is going away !, 
  thanks !, 
  because yours is so much better . 
  only if tr is capped at 33 % on miller . 
  go back to tumblr . 
  really ? 
  i do n't think it 's that bad to have a ns version of every weapon type in the game . 
  it gets bad if they stop making es weapons , but i seriously doubt it . 
  bye bye 30fps on high . 
  it 's amazing how you 're just not allowed to like a game , because some people feel they 're so much superior to you that they must make your choices for you , and so , because they did n't like mass effect 3 and because they are whiny , entitled brats , neither must you . 
  if you dare to like it , you will be downvoted to oblivion , and your intelligence will obviously be non-existant , because your opinion is wrong . 
  damn it felt good to let that out . 
  i have a few . 
  one has to be the ending of me2 . 
  when you 're running in the base , and then harbingers speech . . it 's just really epic . 
  second must , must be mordins death . 
  such a tear jerker . 
  no idea how people can kill mordin . 
  third ? 
  the citadel party . 
  enough said . 
  was it really ? 
  when i played through it ( on singleplayer , though ) i did n't notice it be that bad . 
  it was a disapointment , for sure , but not unplayable . 
  oh , we would * never * do anything of the sort ... 
  they knew of sovereign . 
  they just thought the geth build it . 
  i 'd love to , but does n't work on my pc . 
  nothing i can do . 
  so fuck you . 
  tr on miller . 
  fuck those guys . 
  but . . but . . my * babies *, 
  while technicly finland is n't scandinavian , the same applies here . 
  jokamiehen oikeudet , everymans rights , are basicly the same thing . 
  i 'm not sure about \u00c5land , sorry . 
  they 're largely different in many things from us . 
  it 's not really that similar . 
  it 's about survival and building spaceships . 
  no planets . 
  it has building mechanics similar to minecraft and the types . 
  but it is really good . 
  i recommend it !, 
  how thick are you people ? 
  the . 
  council . 
  saw . 
  sovereign . 
  they . 
  thought . 
  was . 
  advanced . 
  technology . 
  that 's it . 
  we shall see behind the sauna . 
  you do n't seem to realize the amount of death you can get yourself into if you 're not careful with vanguard . 
  it 's the real shepard . 
  there would n't be much point to getting his/her body back , if they 're just going to clone him . 
  which they could have secured more easily , and sold the rest of the body to the shadow broker or something . 
  it just does n't make sense that they would go to all that effort . 
  like the consoles say , they reconstructed the original body . 
  or did they just do that , and then decide to clone shep ? 
  does n't make sense . 
  presumably it would have been a lot easier to just get that tissue sample , to clone him . 
  manguard . 
  with the claymore . 
  with how it 's going , another mass effect trilogy will probably happen before hl3, 
  i wish it were so . 
  but i fear i have lost hope . 
  there is no hl3 . 
  thanks , will do this when i get back home . 
  they are n't that recent . 
  alright , here goes . 
  computer :, 
  intel core i7-2600 cpu @ 3.40 ghz quad-core, 
  nvidia geforce gt 545, 
  drives : c :372 gb d :540 gb ( me3 is on d , along with all other games . 
  has been on c , same problem . 
  installation was fresh , no moving between ), 
  windows 7 64 bit,
