  it 's not always an option . 
  he does n't `` by choice refuse to do anything about it '' . 
  obese people do n't actively try to stay obese . 
  again , if you could just change your eating habits with a snap of your fingers , obesity would n't be a problem . 
  in reality , it requires great effort and strength of will . 
  you 're a moron . 
  try eating 1 fourths of what you 're eating now . 
  stop eating all your favorite foods . 
  for the rest of your life . 
  what 's that ? 
  you 're hungry ? 
  too bad . 
  not allowed to eat for three more hours . 
  i 've personally never had a problem fitting in public transportation seats , but whatever . 
  you ( and a billion other , loud people ) do n't relly realize that you do n't actively keep being obese . 
  you jsut continue living as you do . 
  now , if you want to get rid of those `` fat rolls '' , then you have to change your bloody life . 
  buying bigger shirts is n't the difference between 500 $ and 1000 $ . 
  it also is n't the difference between a nice holiday in greece and staying home doing nothing . 
  uhh ... i can crack my pinky without touching it . 
  although now i feel like that would be something everybody does . 
  i 'm starting to feel like i 've just fallen for a troll . 
  god , i hope i have . 
  have you ever felt hunger ? 
  or , another question . 
  have you ever tried changing your eating habits completely ? 
  i wish we humans worked like machines , and could just up and decide that we 'll be living on water and pills for the next 6 months without any psychological effects . 
  sadly , thats not true , and because of that , water and pills is a horrible diet idea . 
  especially when these `` i 'll do this until i 'm thin '' diets rarely work . 
  house and an airplane seat is a horrible comparison . 
  again , an airplane ticket is expensive as fuck . 
  business might be even more than just flat out two seats , which is still double the price . 
  is it fair to deny a fat person access to airplanes completely , because someone will have an uncomfortable flight ? 
  not in my mind . 
  he gave the other person 50 dogecoins . 
  50 does n't even come up to a full cent , iirc . 
  silly you . 
  even the thalmor realize that he in truth is a god . 
  he even talks to the nerevarine through an avatar . 
  kingindanorf !, 
  being captain elpis with athena . 
  seriously , i love that shield . 
  i 'm finnish . 
  no , i do n't goddamn knife someone while absurdly drunk in a sauna every friday !, 
  i do n't go to sauna with strangers , i do it at the local bar . 
  i 'll be surprised if minecraft continues like it has in the past . 
  everything has to end eventually , i guess . 
  microsoft kicked almost every worker they got from the nokia deal . 
  they killed nokia , elop laid the groundwork years ago . 
  winds of winter ? 
  a dream of spring ? 
  pleasee, 
  all over the ground . 
  they can shield it , as they do with shrapnel and such . 
  i 'm sure there are other measures to prevent anything horrible happening , too . 
  end task would be shooting the kid in the face . 
  we are able to sense chameleons . 
  the khajiit caravans are n't allowed into cities , regular khajiit are . 
  nope , you are n't . 
  been having the exact same problem . 
  the direwolf was killed by a stag . . how come i never realized ? 
  stop being such a creep . 
  it really seems like they 're just having fun with these now . 
  i love it . 
  i think c0da would be the top folder . 
  c0das are `` alternate timelines '' . 
  a timeline contains multiple kalpas , and the amaranth might even be different . 
  but maybe thats just me . 
  that . . does n't make sense . 
  ah , i see you 're a fan of the soviet space program , too !, 
  that link contains only dissapointment . 
  well , my friend said he was `` 4 out of 10 gay '' . 
  so i guess it 's called preferance . 
  huh . 
  porn is n't watched to be entertained . 
  it 's watched to get off faster . 
  yes , heroin is so healthy with a clean needle !, 
  i guess you 're asian . 
  i think eating cat would be disgusting , to be honest . 
  depends . 
  here it 's mostly washing powder with maybe a smidge of the actual stuff . 
  source : my mother used to work at a place for recovering alcoholics and drug users and heard a lot of shit . 
  in my worlds mortal plane , magic can not be accessed without tools . 
  the kaj learned to write specific runes to allow magic to be channeled with gloves , or with different weapons . 
  a popular choice during the war of blood was a knife , or a small disc made of hardened sunlight . 
  the derewel were n't much for writing , and they preferred to harvest raw magical energy from precious metals found underground , like ashstone . 
  so hoping for a morrowind let 's play . 
  i never got the n64 controller . 
  who is it made for , even ? 
  hey now !, 
  that picture is downright false . 
  blasphemy , even . 
  i only drink mad croc . 
  really ? 
  pre-school fat insults ? 
  is this what tia is now ? 
  winter is coming , and it will take you and your firegod with it . 
  king in the north !, 
  you forget where you are . 
  this is winterfell , not your dragonstone .
