  as a fat person , that 's really not how i feel . 
  guess i 'm just a brainwashed shitlord . 
  only few problems : we ca n't breathe in water , and need basicly constant air . 
  we would get crushed in deep waters . 
  not without a weapon that works in water . 
  which would be interesting , to say the least , to create in water , only with materials you could gather . 
  well , jump in , let 's see how it goes !, 
  hey , that 's my line !, 
  that fucker dies . 
  a lot of things are getting `` touched '' . 
  i , for one , am going to `` touch '' that valkyrie . 
  intimately . 
  haha , no problem man . 
  just joking , 
  you wo n't be missed . 
  right in the beginning , they say you were crossing illegally . 
  also , obviously it 's legal to cross the border , when your home is destroyed by a fucking volcano . 
  crossing for travel , wihout permission , is illegal . 
  use your brains . 
  well , with landfall just around the corner , i do n't see how it matters . 
  `` minecrack '', 
  it 's missing a `` maggot '', 
  did you notice it all by yourself ? 
  every friday . 
  . . are you stupid ? 
  crossing a border because your home is destroyed and crossing the border just because are different things . 
  especially the ones in finland . 
  and large cars , always . 
  so basicly , every follower i 've ever had has died . 
  i 've had like ... 6 of them ? 
  not counting serana , who is essential . 
  i always kinda start to like them , so i 've decided to just adventure all alone now . 
  use the console command `` sexchange '' on him . 
  no need for death . 
  even though it would make sense , it would suck . 
  especially for those like me , who love to do everything they possibly can on one character . 
  or just paying a visit to good old herma-mora , and resetting the skill . 
  sure , but why ? 
  i mean , why would you want to encourage multiple playthroughs ? 
  i like it when i can put hundreds of hours into just one save game . 
  of course i 'll eventually make a different one , to try different things in the beginning , but i really would n't like having to play the game on 14 different characters just to get the most out of it . 
  on my current playthrough , i 'm just numbering them now . 
  too many cities !, 
  ncs guns already have enough recoil to be used as jetpacks . 
  jesus christ are the tr capable of anything else than crying , complaining and moaning ? 
  seriously , this constant whine from tr is fucking stupid . 
  i do n't ... 
  it seems i have had enough reddit for today . 
  steam ? 
  yes . 
  packrat will die first , etho wins and jarool just stares into a furnace . 
  just give me your karma , you all know i 'm right . 
  i do n't remember how , but through steam i got an soe account . 
  maybe it has changed . 
  the same problem occurs with with air . 
  everyone will have access to some sort of anti-air , and there are tonnes of free anti-air options available . 
  so tankers do n't have it that bad . 
  seriously . 
  anywhere you look on this subreddit , you most likely can find a crying tr . 
  it 's all about the perspective . 
  good thing i do n't have one . 
  killing that sob felt good in ways murder should n't . 
  etho sleeps on average 8 hours , 34 minutes , and 22 seconds . 
  he wakes up , drinks 2 cups of coffee from his `` i am god '' cup . 
  he showers for 9 minutes , 12 seconds ( again , on average ) . 
  he lives in canada , in the town called `` etho '' , on the road `` etho '' , his house number is 3 . 
  yeah . 
  i tried to get a few of my friends back into this game yesterday . 
  one of them played for like 15 minutes , and got the `` you have been disconnected from the server '' shit . 
  the ads did n't help either . 
  and then it was on sale for 20 $ , which i got . 
  not as much as the tr one . 
  well , it is . 
  it 's not going to be disrupting your gameplay . 
  as much . 
  i 'm not having this problem at all . 
  the mission given to me is usually what i was doing anyway . 
  it 's actually not certain . 
  there is evidence pointing to finns too , and native americans had a sort of similar concept . 
  yeah , learned my lesson . 
  well , there are still people playing different gamemodes . 
  ah , well , the european side is doing just fine . 
  glad i 'm in the part of finland not included . 
  i 'm not an evil person !, 
  i do n't know man , those couriers are dedicaded . 
  yes !, 
  yes !, 
  thank you , soe !, 
  now , i seriously want a hammer ... please ? 
  anyway , nice to see a change which did n't cause an uproar here . 
  or telltales . 
  i know , everyone want 's one out of every tv/movie ever , but it would be pretty awesome . 
  i want . . no , i need , a space katana . 
  just because all of the complaining it would cause . 
  i always have my alts . 
  i enjoy being in `` the rebels '' . 
  i also happen to enjoy freedom . 
  so , yeah . 
  though i kinda like the vs too ... 
  i 've heard .
