  then why 'd he re-up to appear in more movies as iron man ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  i mean , the group is still active . 
  the vanilla minecraft server ended because of lack of interest . 
  imho that sounds terrible . 
  that 's . . so touching . 
  i might shed a tear . 
  i too find myself thinking in both finnish and english . 
  usually it 's whichever i 've last used , but other times it 's completely random . 
  sometimes i find myself switching languages in the middle of a thought . 
  nah , anorexics do n't want to be fat , the so-called `` trans-fats '' do . 
  namira is a daedra , not one of the nine divines , though . 
  i 'm sorry , i ca n't help it . 
  yeah . 
  i love the flash tv show , but it 's obviously much better to keep the two universes completely separated . 
  grant and ezra should have that race , though . 
  hollywood will find a way . 
  i hope he comes back in some way in the future . 
  i hope they go all-out , but never do it again . 
  just leave it as a one time silliness . 
  after credits scene maybe ? 
  damn you beat me to this . 
  i 'm not sure i 'm looking at this map right but ... 
  i do n't see the canadian province that has 1,340 kilometers of border with russia on this map ... 
  definitely `` i am iron man '' . 
  it 's perfect , unless it happens to be 4e 174 ... or 3e 433 for that matter, 
  oh hey this is an alt-right subreddit today . 
  where 's my trump-cap ? 
  well , seeing as his ramblings are included in skyrim , they seem to be `` canon '' . 
  i do n't think you get to decide that . 
  yeah i respect that the whole concept of canon is a bit silly with regards to tes , i just find it extremely annoying when people talk of kirkbride 's work as if it had absolutely nothing to do with tes anymore , when there is an npc literally quoting it in the middle of whiterun . 
  so you 're saying ... 
  i should n't keep them ? 
  holy shit that website is bad . 
  seeing as the web is filled with okayish wysiwygs , how do companies still have such shit sites ? 
  cyrillic is actually pretty easy the learn , since it is quite similar to the latin alphabet . 
  took me maybe two weeks at most . 
  no , you are n't , learning to write cyrillic on a keyboard does take more time . 
  maybe try traditional pen and paper ? 
  aos is one of the few shows on tv that manages to stay consistent in quality , so i 'm not worried . 
  zed 's a classic who fan , though . 
  he 's said ( i 'm pretty sure at least ) that he does n't enjoy new who that much . 
  purging is better for the economy . 
  everyone benefits from a stronger economy , right ? 
  so you 're actually doing a good thing . 
  i imagine it 's just this particular mission , due to the nature of the house . 
  on the second point - maybe you should wait and see how the show handles the new timeline . 
  actually it 's said that it does dampen his powers . 
  otherwise he could just vibrate out . 
  just 'cause she 's still walking do n't mean she ai n't dead as fuck . 
  i really do n't like all the random lines in the suit . 
  post dank memes about fridges ? 
  why ? 
  that just unnecessarily complicates things . 
  it was jay garrick . 
  i ca n't wait to actually see him in action . 
  and then they 'd ask her to elaborate . 
  house of hades was probably the best one . 
  while the final book was probably riordan 's worst published work . 
  magnus chase seems to me to be right on track again . 
  loved the first book . 
  that 's probably a lie , right ? 
  since nobody actually forces you to mod skyrim . 
  the dark world was n't bad , it was just very underwhelming . 
  especially when compared with the movies marvel has been pumping out recently . 
  it is still an absolutely terrible way to write your phone number . 
  i grew up in southern finland . 
  crazy horse girls were definitely a thing here too . 
  when i have fever i get this more often , usually very rare though . 
  i wish there would be, 
  more shitty haikus here ` cos, 
  i laugh at them much, 
  [ well ] ( https://youtu.be/cfzhszeqcri?t=40s ), 
  probably . 
  oh man i wish i had that . 
  i 'll easily sleep 12 hours , if i do n't have an alarm set . 
  that right there is a criminal offense punishable by gun shot to the head behind the sauna . 
  how ? 
  the mark could be explained away reasonably well , and i doubt corvo exactly had shrines for the outsider in his quarters . 
  the last word should be `` t\u00e4t\u00e4 '' . 
  also , you should throw in a `` perkele '' or two somewhere in there to make it more authentic . 
  tbh americanos should just be banned from the internet . 
  itt : popular opinions, 
  i would but i 'm too busy being cucked by a refugee . 
  you mean garrus and wrex , right ? 
  dude it 's a site on the internet if the admins feel like editing my comments i do n't care . 
  i doubt they could come up with anything dumber than some of the shit i 've already said . 
  if this was facebook or some shit where it was easily traceable to me irl then maybe i would ? 
  the cyrillic on the left is n't flipped . 
  i do n't think the russian mafia operates on lian yu . 
  they 're separate characters . 
  i do n't think your math quite checks out dude . 
  assuming you worked 40 hours a week , you would earn 17 200 euros a week , which would then be 894 400 euros a year , assuming paid leave . 
  is this the point where i break both of my arms ? 
  i 'd even buy one of your relatives , if you 're looking to sell !, 
  ha ha ha ... that 's a little joke . 
  for hiking i definitely recommend lapland . 
  i loved how they kinda set up a cw-verse trinity with the flash , green arrow and supergirl at the end . 
  i would love a crossover focusing on just the three of them . 
  this thread made me realize how badly i lost the genetic lottery .
