  reality destroying robots and cats climbing to the moons and an invisible warrior-poet seem a tad bit cooler to me . 
  perhaps then tes lore is not for you . 
  but everything i mentioned is again mentioned in in-game books . 
  there are some theories about that actually all souls work that way , if not claimed by someone/something or destroyed or whatever . 
  they go into the dreamsleeve , and are recycled . 
  the memories become water . 
  ( see hermaous mora , the daedric prince of memory , claiming the deep seas as his domain , and also sotha sil , whose domain is the sea , whose child is memory ), 
  talos is not so easily destroyed . 
  the dude probably walked six ways to godhood , and only the fifth is really needed to make him eternal . 
  well , those people are still dead . 
  the souls are wiped . 
  i came . 
  i mean , i 'm purely speculating here , with far too little sleep , but yeah , i 'd say so . 
  our kalpa . . well , the post-time pieces of our kalpa , gave birth to the new man , the amaranth . 
  so what many believe to be the whole goal of mundus , of lorkhans plan , was completed . 
  it 's hard to say about the other kalpas though . 
  they might have been crazier , completely alien to us in nature , just unable to attain amaranth . 
  the hist and beings like molag bal and dagon seem to originate beyond our kalpa . 
  if you believe yokuda is a past kalpa ( which i really do n't ) , that 'd mean redguards too come from a different kalpa . 
  i think almsivi and talos are special . 
  both men and mer , reaching divinity by using multiple walking ways ? 
  vivec , just a third of almsivi , giving birth to the amaranth . 
  talos i can only speculate , holding up reality ? 
  or steering it to his liking ? 
  perhaps both . 
  that said , akatosh is what is interesting to me . 
  it 's , again , been theorized that the mad time-dragon likes this kalpa more than others , and that 's why he fights himself . 
  tl ; dr if you 'd like, 
  it 's so nuts . 
  also i have a mancrush on talos . 
  paradoxical divinity turns me on . 
  the incarnate only killed him , after all . 
  the yokudan god of make way . 
  he rekts shit , to put it simply . 
  cyrus the restless possibly in a way served as his conduit - the dude fought people like talos ( on the moon ) and vivec . 
  luke cage is set in harlem i think . 
  arrival for me2 is great too . 
  talos would be closer to an anti-christ to them - someone who holds up everything they hate . 
  `` disney said these books are n't canon anymore , so my heart is telling me i do n't enjoy star wars anymore '', 
  bit melodramatic , no ? 
  it does n't necessarily work as timelines , per se . 
  the stuff about him only becoming a god can leak through the cracks , so to say . 
  people like heimskr talk of his ascension . 
  godhood in tes seems to be paradoxical in nature . 
  hahaha . 
  i wish . 
  a man is n't allowed to talk about it . 
  you just swallow it . 
  if you do n't , you 're a crybaby and not a real man . 
  context is everything . 
  i 've joked about my friend getting some `` tutoring '' from our , let 's say fabulous , swedish teacher to get them a 's . 
  edit2 kills me every time . 
  what school ? 
  exam week makes me think lukio , but i think all lukios should use abitti ? 
  you 're not the only one . 
  i 'm glad marvel is doing captain marvel and dc is doing wonder woman but there are lots of others i 'd love to see . 
  oh i got confused . 
  i thought they had an exam sanomapro 's system . 
  i think it was the moment his daughter died . 
  i wish i had . 
  none of my friends ever want to do anything . 
  never invited to parties or anything ... 
  i feel like my youth is just going on by me, 
  hahaha !, 
  look up something called `` sauna '' . 
  we know hot . 
  like swedish women . 
  but i did n't say that out loud . 
  saunas are usually around 80 degrees celsius . 
  but i know what you mean . 
  i 've visited the mediterranean and that felt super hot to me . 
  so hard to imagine how actually really hot places feel . 
  he could probably just pop out a second after he left, 
  i live in a small apartment , so it 's difficult . 
  i do do it once or twice a month usually , but it has started to just feel silly since i 'm never invited anywhere . 
  i 'd rather have the black book . 
  the elder scrolls are far too powerful for a normal mortal to get any use out of - i 'd just go blind . 
  with the black book i 'd have a chance . 
  mine stopped in puberty . 
  no idea why , but they did . 
  random headaches too . 
  i mean one immigrant did talk to me at the gym i go to ... 
  maybe it used to be . . but it sure ai n't anymore . 
  yeah at least the refugees i 've met so far have had some manners , quite unlike the_donald or trp . 
  shh . 
  do n't think about this too hard . 
  it 's all just an excuse to have cool scenes with cool superheroes , 
  `` we ca n't just leave a whole world to be terrorized by zoom !, 
  i know , let 's give him the flashes speed too , so that he is literally unstoppable !, 
  yeah ! '', 
  i just ca n't wrap my head around the fact that there are people whose bmi is larger than my weight in lbs ... 
  it was definitely interesting to run when you could n't see farther than your nose due to snowfall . 
  anything to back up your claims ? 
  alright ... 
  earlier this year i had a history teacher - well , a substitute teacher - tell us about his race theories . 
  it was all about how different `` races of humans '' had evolved differently , except white europeans who were good at everything and so forth . 
  except eastern-europeans . 
  he drew graphs and everything . 
  the categories were very broad , basically just physical strength and smartness . 
  then he went on a 20 minute tangent on how the evil turkmen destroyed the glorious empire of byzantium .
