  this kind of thing is efficient in keeping morale up . 
  it makes it seem like political leader xyz personally cares for his troops . 
  poor example for a character study . 
  i know that . 
  but you ca n't pretend that hitler only went to check on his soldiers out of the goodness of his heart . 
  you kinda missed my point . 
  the same goes for any leader . 
  no - but if i were to bet , i 'd bet on pr any time any political leader goes to see their troops . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've been called cynical before i joined reddit . 
  but i 'm sure you know better . 
  oh god . 
  that 's really funny . 
  oil money ... man . 
  the government is planning on doing quite large cuts , which will be really bad for many people . 
  why bother , we now have oil money !, 
  felicity looks so out of place with her bright clothing in those shots . 
  no , trust me swedish is way worse . 
  how can you say that rye bread tastes terrible ? 
  it 's so much better than most other breads , and does n't leave me hungry 15 minutes after eating it like white bread . 
  the bloody endless list of irregular verb conjugations that you have to all learn one by one, 
  for a second there i imagined a very gangsta 10 year old . 
  it is to me . 
  mm , hammond ... 
  i had a very similar phone . 
  i actually wish they made modern smartphones with full physical keyboards , it was so much nicer to write on those . 
  i feel like minerap is pretty unique in that it does n't have 2446 rules denying you to do anything else than build a 5x5 cube to call your own . 
  you 're creating a problem where there is n't one . 
  there are plenty of non-whites on the show . 
  i would n't exactly call it major . 
  it 's only the top comment . 
  it a was name drop . 
  i 'd understand people getting their knickers in a twist if we had even seen the guy , but come on , a name drop is n't major . 
  if warframe did n't have this crazy , wonderful style , i do n't think it would have it 's unique charm . 
  i really , really love it . 
  yes , he uses 1.7 . 
  edit : like / u/rf32797 said , 1.7 beta , not the latest version . 
  oh yeah should have specified . 
  yep , you 're the guy for this . 
  how did you see the show so early ? 
  seventh son . 
  it was * so bad * . 
  it 's not like netflix has ever been shy about sex . 
  just watch sense8 if you do n't believe me . 
  still clearly bang ... 
  i do n't know , but that 's just what i heard . 
  it 's what i bloody heard . 
  i can think about it from any perspective you 'd like , wo n't change what i heard . 
  yeah . 
  it could end up like the dress , where it was confirmed it is black and blue but i still see it as white and gold . 
  yeah , he should just have let a guy named sand demon kill him , spivot and garrick . 
  here in finland it is actually been a bit warmer than usual . 
  the summer was pretty cold though . 
  the weather has gotten weirder these last few years , i think . 
  holy shit you get fired for protesting ? 
  that 's . . quite different . 
  here in finland we have laws to protect us from not getting fired if we protest , and on the other hand , to protect the company from too many of them and such ... 
  i 'm actually interested in what you said about titanfall , how does it differ from the pc version ? 
  i 'm not sure i follow - how does 6v6 on the xbox actually differ from 6v6 on the pc ? 
  is the pc playerbase much smaller then ? 
  i 've just been thinking about maybe buying titanfall for my pc , but if it actually is worse than on the xbox , which i do n't have , i 'll probably pass . 
  are you actually suggesting sugary sodas are better than diet sodas ? 
  `` you are friend did n't send you this '', 
  this makes me want to start monologuing ... 
  i miss the prank wars so much . 
  especially zisteau vs. 
  it was so much fun every time . 
  motherfucker . 
  at least in finland you always go to the sauna naked . 
  it 's not a sexual thing always . 
  you know , tumblr is n't a hivemind , even though the circlejerking here might make you think so . 
  there will be people who are offended by this show there . 
  no matter how much tennant is in it . 
  but i do n't think people getting offended over shit like this is anything new or exclusive to tumblr . 
  eobard lost his speed because the speedforce was n't there - it was born when barry allen became the flash . 
  when barry left , there was no speedforce to use . 
  to me , he 's been lash for centuries . 
  i hope it is n't just earth-2 caitlyn who is killer frost, 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/valluzxc, 
  how do you even know she was `` forced '' to wear more make-up . 
  seriously dude/dudette , i did n't even notice . 
  i bet most people did n't either . 
  it 's not a real problem . 
  for me , it takes some effort if i 'm not tired . 
  when i 'm tired though , it 's really easy , sort of just letting go . 
  especially when everyone knows lidl is the superior store . 
  those damn frog candies ... 
  because supergirl and superman existing in the arrowverse makes zero sense . 
  it 's like the rest of the internet : do n't be a moron . 
  that 's fine . 
  i just do n't see them going in that direction . 
  but then again , nobody is . 
  why would the time-lords make neural blocks that would work only on humans ? 
  skyrim is a big one for me . 
  i know it like the back of my hand , but it 's still nice to play every once in a while . 
  tf2 used to be it for me , but the few servers i used to love have either shut down , or been abandoned . 
  dude your fps are all over the place, 
  opposing force multiplayer is the shit . 
  what ? 
  on what scale is it objectively bad ? 
  i thought it was fun and really just a delight to watch whole way through !,
