  and , would sansa marry harry the heir , she would now be the key to the vale , riverlands and the north . 
  more than half of westeros . 
  if she has three of the seven kingdoms backing her , what does she even need aegon for ? 
  the thing is , the aedra are basically comatose . 
  they slightly influence the world , because mortals believe so . 
  ( for example , it is possible skyrims dragonborn is the last because so many believe so , causing akatosh to not create anymore dragonborns ) . 
  they do n't really interact with anything at all , they just dream , and those dreams are born from the beliefs of mortal men and mer . 
  talos is a god in every meaning of the word . 
  there are `` walking ways '' , ways to reach godhood as described by vivec in his/her sermons . 
  talos most likely used * all of them * . 
  he is the god of conquest , because he conquered the concept of godhood . 
  walked every damn way . 
  the thalmor are likely trying , as their endgoal , to unmake mundus , to return into the timeless nature of the dawn era , where mortal and immortal walked side by side , as one . 
  talos , on the otherhand , upholds reality . 
  because even talos is affected by the beliefs of mortals , he is weakened if nobody believes in him . 
  and on a more mundane note , denying talos has political reasons . 
  it undermines the empires history , makes the nords angry ( see the stormcloak rebellion ) , and all in all , weakens the third empire of man . 
  tl ; dr talos is a fucking badass , denying him has both magical and political benefit for thalmor . 
  while that is true , they are also the comatose bodies of the gods . 
  daario is benjen who is euron !!!, 
  god damn , the grinding does sometimes get on my nerves . 
  7 archwing wing blueprints , 9 harness blueprints , 0 systems , 
  the one thing i would change , if i could ? 
  limited inventory slots . 
  or , atleast , make them obtainable with credits , or well anything you do n't need to pay for to get . 
  warframes f2p system is otherwise so great , but then there is the limited inventory slots , which just reek of trying to force you to buy platinum . 
  just hope you have the love of rngesus . 
  just kidding . 
  rngesus feeds on your tears . 
  basically , remember to stay hydrated . 
  there will be a lot of tears ... 
  it seems like it 's difficult for the americans to see the difference between friendly banter in a joking manner and racism . 
  i bet , every time i make the joke about swedes being gay , there is a ` murican going `` see !!!, 
  eurofags are all racist and homophobic !!! '', 
  have you read the commentaries ? 
  the sermons ? 
  the black books ? 
  besides , knowledge can be quite dangerous to mere mortals . 
  what would be the fate of the world , had martin septim zero-summed ? 
  i 'm not doing anything for you until you change me back !, 
  so we should just take whatever shitty pay2win mechanics developers decide to make , because they have to make money ? 
  i mean , how do you scratch on the wall in a not-sinister way ? 
  i want to get off mister gabes hype ride, 
  it screams `` no '' so loudly it becomes a fact . 
  well , the faith of the seven went all `` nope '' , but dragon fire took care of that . 
  working for stark . 
  even if she works for stark her loyalty might still be with shield . 
  build a new , non-reinforced bed , set yourself to it , and destroy it . 
  that has already happened , even . 
  has there ever been time on atmora ? 
  that does n't necessarily mean there was time . 
  high chaos ? 
  let her fall . 
  low chaos , pretty much the same as you , just without slow down time i think . 
  ehlnofey managed to do it in the dawn era , no ? 
  no , it was the wizard throwing his cock in fire . 
  `` and a voice answered '' , as varys said . 
  the yellow lightning is the flash ... 
  but looked exactly like the sonic screwdriver , while looking absolutely nothing like a lightsaber . 
  it split the timeline . 
  the barry future-barry saw continues to go on with the rest of the episode , but future-barry , now in a different timeline , has already done that . 
  that 's called `` doing an oliver '' . 
  they literally stacked on top of each other . 
  the imperials had magical-spacey-ship-things , though . 
  [ words of clan mother ahnissi ] ( http://www.imperial-library.info/content/words-clan-mother-ahnissi-her-favored-daughter ) mentions it . 
  i do n't remember others , but there are . 
  esther teens looking to be edgy would be sentenced to death for breaking the code of living . 
  the last sukaj , d'rezark ` i ` ko did n't really like dying , and laid waste to the soul-recycler known as `` afterlife '' to mortals . 
  claiming the title of `` king of death '' , although rightfully by sukaj law , he ruled over death for over 800 years before the 439 . 
  traveller killed himself , and killed the king of death in the afterlife . 
  good for you . 
  still not gon na happen . 
  only wilhelm was at the battle of new haven , so it would be pretty dumb anyway . 
  well , origin is not much better . 
  the time after purchase they offer a refund is quite small, 
  still means i will never be getting a refund for games like simcity or mass effect 3 which does n't work on my computer . 
  edit : the downvote button is not a disagree button . 
  yeah . 
  origin claims i have over 500 hours of me3 , while i 've never even managed to open it . 
  i just do n't see why everyone praises origins refund policy . 
  i7-2600 @ 3.4 hz quadcore , evga gtx 780 sc , 16 gb ddr3 ram . 
  it 's not a performance issue . 
  trust me , i 've tried everything . 
  origin support was n't particularly helpful either . 
  poes law, 
  i would cry tears of happiness . 
  dishonored was such a good game . 
  bethesda does n't have that much to do with es :o . 
  that was all zenimax online . 
  bioshock infinite and dishonored have absolutely nothing in common . 
  yes . 
  there will absolutely be an elder scrolls vi while online is still active . 
  and zenimax online developed eso . 
  holy shit more people watched the season 4 premiere than there are people in my country . 
  i 'm pretty sure i win at this department . 
  english-speakers probably could n't figure it out , but that 's what happens when your surname consists of mostly \u00e4 's and \u00f6 's . 
  please no . 
  nuke is actually quite enjoyable . 
  x-ray . 
  the real hydra !,
