  last i checked the server had died , unfortunately . 
  \\* puts on tinfoil * they 're all benjen stark !, 
  oh wait . . wrong sub, 
  yes , i bet the purple color , the name and the shape , along with the picture descriptions , were totally coincidental . 
  depends . 
  sometimes day first , sometimes month . 
  it 's just more logical to write 24.12.2048 compared to 12.24.2048 . 
  the day changes most often , followed by month and then year , see ? 
  i 'd imagine there will still be a shitload of artifacts to get from dungeons , daedric invasions to stop and mystical prophesies to fulfill before landfall . 
  someone more capable than me should probably get on that , if something like that does n't already exist . 
  i love it . 
  it can penetrate my ship anytime . 
  weekends preferred , though . 
  that 's not under 50 $ for me . 
  which is about 6 % of the year . 
  well , there are the karstarks , who begun as a cadet branch of house stark . 
  `` failure from the beginning , / u/valluzxc had to be cut out of his mother , due to his inability to get the fuck out '', 
  holy flying ancient alien jesus . 
  that would fit the wibbly-wobbly-timey-wimey of moffat and make sense as to why missy is a much more classic master than simm . 
  still , it would feel a bit like going backwards . 
  if you 're a british chap . 
  or maybe ... just maybe ... we hear them speak english , because the show is british , and if they we 're talking gallifreyan , not only would it be a waste of everything , * nobody would actually understand them ? 
  i bloody love you . 
  / r/suami laughs at you from the sauna . 
  i 'd visit my home town in the year 3014 . 
  or whatever would be here now . 
  what ? 
  i agree that kill the moon and forest of the nigh ( or . . whatever it was ) were pretty horrible , but i thought the finale was awesome . 
  any reason you thought it was bad ? 
  every gaming system is equal . 
  some systems are just more equal than others . 
  it 's weird just how much skyrim made me hate them . 
  reading about all the shit they did at cyrodiil , and seeing it in action at skyrim , just argh i wont to fuck them in the ass, 
  [ horn blows in the distance ], 
  no idea ... 
  and any other country would have allied with germany rather than faced the ussr , and potentially other allied countries , all alone . 
  yes , they did horrible things . 
  there really was n't any other option . 
  surrendering , and losing our independance , would never be accepted by any finn , other than perhaps communists and the like , but even they became less fond of the idea after the civil war . 
  an interesting tidbit . 
  the only recording of hitler just casually talking is from when finnish soldier put a recorder in the train cabin where hitler and marshal mannerheim met . 
  [ wikipedia article . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hitler_and_mannerheim_recording ), 
  sorry , i 'm a history geek , and finnish history is very close to my heart . 
  when we ate them to learn thu'um ? 
  collect the dragon priest masks . 
  dragonborn dlc has a ton of interesting sidequests , as does dawnguard . 
  i found the cityquests fun too , so try to become thane in at least solitude , and a few of your favorite cities . 
  pepsi is so much better though . 
  oh , we all just imagined obesity was a problem . 
  the ardat-yakshi thing was even explained . 
  a lot of asari carry the `` gene '' , but it is dormant , for example samara . 
  this is all the reapers needed . 
  the ardat-yakshi gene is dormant in samara . 
  it passed on to her children , who have an active ardat-yakshi gene . 
  i thought there were something like 15 ardat-yakshis in there . 
  they would have been active , yes . 
  honestly , it feels like they originally intended for the banshees to be rare boss enemies , but then ended up nerfing them into more common enemies . 
  hobbit should have just been made into one movie . 
   i am enrolled in a liberal arts college , i am finishing up my first semester next week . 
  there 's nothings wrong with them . 
  right there . 
  then you did n't play it right . 
  turn up the difficulty to hard , and use nothing but the gravity gun . 
  depends on the person i suppose . 
  ravenholm is special to me because of it . 
  if she had a bad enough migraine , she might just have been desperate enough to be willing to keep trying . 
  it 's a shitty thing to do to someone with horrible pain . 
  you have any facts on this ? 
  more like start . 
  the first time i was out drinking was the first time i saw someone get threatened with a knife . 
  it 's also reasonable to wait a month more to see if the product will work , and not potentially lose hundreds of dollars down the drain . 
  this is not the first time something like this has happened . 
  it 's almost like you could watch movies after the premiere !, 
  yes they do . 
  they 're just not that common . 
  i know they exist , yet i support feminism . 
  i imagine that has something to do with the fact i like pepsi max over pepsi but hate basically all diet versions of coca cola . 
  hey , / u/zisteau !, 
  maybe in the intro , make the names of the kerbals be the same color as their suit ? 
  i really wish me2 would have had more weapons . 
  i loved how many there were in me3 . 
  hopefully me4 will have a lot of weapons too . 
  anyway , i really like all the n7 weapons . 
  typhoon , hurricane and eagle are my favourites . 
  we really do need more news about me4 ... 
  still , better than the photoshopped picture in me3 . 
  and even then , not that many people would want to have sex with someone they have no romantic or even physical attraction to . 
  at first i thought to myself `` but , lady lysas story does n't end there ! '' . 
  then i remembered . 
  and now i feel like i have to get the audio books . 
  if they do n't do lsh , i wonder where briennes story will go . 
  i suppose so . 
  i dunno , i do n't see brienne going to jaime without the gentle guiding provided by mother merciless . 
  my favourite video format . 
  holy shit . 
  even now he is trying to , really really hard . 
  so yes . 
  filthy n'wah !, 
  well , serana was locked away much before , as she did n't know of any empire ruled from cyrodiil .
