  i 'm not perfectly sure where it comes from . 
  probably multiple places . 
  so uhh . . you want a medal for that ? 
  i 'm also starting to get a bit pessimistic . 
  it 's just that it 's been so long now , and seeing how the updates have been lately . . well , it 's hard to keep believing these will be good . 
  there is a lattice on amerish ... is n't there ? 
  he was bragging about how he is twelve and has thousands of hours played etc. 
  it was written in a way that made it sound very much like `` guys i 'm so special '', 
  propably the barack obama-mask wearing a fedora on my shelf . 
  yeah ... 
  you did . 
  i did n't . 
  but thats why i said `` might '' . 
  `` i 'm a dog and proud '' is not something i ever expected to see written , except as a joke . 
  sadly , no . 
  i really loved the dlc weapons in me3 . 
  holy shit they were so much fun to use . 
  but , of course , it entirely depends on the person , so i 'm not saying go buy them nao, 
  played through it all . . multiple times . 
  i really feel bad for you , if you let that ruin a good game for you . 
  then i feel bad for you too , and am glad that it did n't ruin me for me . 
  so magically all bad tankers get put on nc , while the good ones go to vs and tr and make use of their `` under performing '' tanks ? 
  are you serious ? 
  okay then . 
  all bad drivers go to nc . 
  problem solved . 
  your sarcasm detector is damn good . 
  i 'm not arguing that the shield is not op and boring , 'cause it is . 
  but the vanguard is not the best of the 3 tanks . 
  it 's slow as fuck , for starters . 
  but i have no interest trying to argue to someone so biased . 
  i do n't like this `` everyone of any power should have chim ! '' . 
  why would herma-mora care , even ? 
  giants are always friendly . 
  you can even stab them , they wont attack . 
  you call it `` hazard '' . 
  i call it an `` opportunity '' . 
  for me , skyrim will be my favourite . 
  but oblivion is much better in many aspects . 
  the ending actually got me to tears the first time . 
  i really hope they bring that back . 
  or , use become ethereal for some jumpy fun . 
  it 's steven . 
  not stephen . 
  sorry to be an ass , butt i had to point it out . 
  that t was originally an accident , but it stays . 
  obviously swedish , 
  fuck the inca . 
  god damn , i get sick enjoyment out of destroying that fuck completely . 
  nah , they just did n't like me at all in my first playthough , and generally were a pain it my rectum . 
  i have a similar problem with me3 . 
  i have tried everything i 've founded on the internet to solve this problem , but nope . 
  sheogorath invaded tamriel , and started rebuilding it , to suit him better . 
  i do n't really know if i want to even play this game anymore . 
  why should i waste my money and time on a game that is never going to go anywhere ? 
  it 's entirely possible there are more cases like this , just that people do n't know about 'em . 
  tumblr is not a friendly place , if you do n't swallow all the shit you 're told to . 
  this may sound like something a peasant would say , but i personally enjoy the look of vanilla tf2 . 
  if you take almaty , would lodz just stay as a city-state , on it 's own , or what ? 
  thanks for testing it !, 
  pretty interesting . 
  i think we can agree that everyone here is responsible for their own money . 
  if it were n't so , you all would be buying me things . 
  we do n't need to take over the consoles . 
  it will happen on it 's own . 
  sometimes though , they just keep telling me about how they had sexual intercourse with my mother , so it is hard to have an intelligent conversation . 
  i should do something like that . 
  what do you think , how hard would it be to change the red lights to green ones ? 
  the nc thank you for your assistance . 
  this is the last kalpa . 
  alduin might return , but he ai n't eating no world this time around . 
  hopefully he wo n't mind the menu . 
  i hear some of these vigilants do n't like ca . . meat-eaters . 
  so much fun to be had with this . 
  civ , civ , civi . . it 's a gold mine . 
  it 's the kind of fun you have at 1 am , alone , on the internet . 
  did n't martin septim talk something about doing daedric magic when he was younger ? 
  we . . are allowed to leave ? 
  then why am i handcuffed ? 
  check your safe word privilege , shitlord !, 
  not everyone can talk !, 
  someone please take these handcuffs off of me and let me go away . 
  i 've had enough . 
  yes , because whats stated here is true . 
  it is buggy as fuck . 
  whatever you say , sweetheart . 
  but even if , the shield still is buggy . 
  it 's buggy as in it does n't always block damage when it should . 
  not on miller . 
  well , atleast when i still played regularly . 
  it 's fucking badass . 
  yeah i 'd like something else than shotguns for a change . 
  spore does n't use origin , or atleast it did n't in the past . 
  it 's older than it . 
  they did n't even try to help me with my problem . 
  yeah , why not . 
  atleast they would be a bit different for you guys . 
  there would need to be some serious balance , though . 
  which is a problem . 
  also , even if you hit dead center , you still sometimes damage the max .
