  in any case , until something really big happens , it 's will happen . 
  tl ; dr men are getting rekt, 
  welcome to the light , my eu brothers !, 
  would someone care to explain the joke to me ? 
  i 'm a bit of an idiot , so i did n't get it . 
  it is clearly referancing castiels introduction in supernatural . 
  it quoted the exact words . 
  this coulb be pretty funny . 
  i amean it is already but it could be even motre funny you know ? 
  i think something like threads for different topics . 
  foe example , in one trhead we could talk about politics ar something , probavly something more lighthearted . 
  oh , you 're overreacting . 
  you 'll still rape my enginest in 0.4 seconds . 
  joking aside , i 'm not exacly sure why some of these nerfs were made . 
  but i 'm not complaining . 
  it 's barely been a day yet !, 
  of course these new and shiny things are going to get a lot of use during the first week or so . 
  after that , they 'll become more rare , and you 'll get to return to getting shot . 
  miller would kick both your asses , at the same time !, 
  prepare for miller ` murica-edition , bitches !, 
  and now ? 
  you barely see people use it . 
  welcome to the winning team , brother/sister, 
  no finnish flag , either . 
  the three of us would really love to have it !, 
  yeah !, 
  we nc good !, 
  aliens and terran bad !, 
  nc smash you !, 
  we nc smart !, 
  alien and red people dumb dumb !, 
  up you go !, 
  not if you 're fast enough , 
  i always forget to save kirrahe . 
  i do n't think this person actually knows when people cry . 
  easy one !, 
  finlands history . 
  all you ` muricans probably know is that we sided with germany in ww2 . 
  sometimes i feel i 'm not even a human to some people . 
  i 'm just easy comedy , or something to push around , or just something . 
  but not human . 
  i miss his mindcrack . 
  also , when summer ends , i wo n't be able to see any of his streams . 
  so basicly , very little zisteau for me . 
  damn i love this thing . 
  why did they have to pull the elder scrolls into this mix of insanity and stupidity ? 
  haha . 
  i love these small jokes in supernatural . 
  and in anycase , that is really fitting for cas . 
  that 's . . um . . well . . whoah . 
  i 'm certain i wo n't ever actually become zeus . 
  and i do n't mean acting , i mean the real deal . 
  500 euro graphics cards . 
  what does smh even mean ? 
  `` so much hate '' ? 
  `` suck my horse '' ? 
  `` shat my hat '' ? 
  finland would probably have a bottle of alcohol as it 's flag . 
  if all goes right , i 'll be there !, 
  unless , you know , it 's full in 0.3 nanoseconds like some games around here . 
  he was the comic relief character . 
  the unneeded comic relief character . 
  yes . 
  but i 'd guess it would take a really dedicated person to not only master 4 words of power but to combine them into something useful . 
  your armor caps at 500 . 
  the number can be as big as you like , if it 's past 500 it does n't matter . 
  yeah , steam support is terrible . 
  worst i 've ever had to use . 
  origin apparently has a good one . 
  origin has really gone up from that pile of shit it used to be . 
  still wo n't let me play one of my games , and the support could n't help ... 
  tell that to my mother . 
  / r/nobodycaresitsafuckingjoke, 
  which was accepted by whatever magical forces allowed that spell to work as divine blood . 
  so not just regular armor . 
  i doubt any old leather cap would have worked . 
  remember to dragonrend him always when possible . 
  it 's impossible otherwise . 
  i would - then atleast i 'd know that in ten years i would get to play it . 
  right now , i do n't know if it will ever come out . 
  i do n't think you know how hashtags are used . 
  i would force their eyelids together for a while . 
  enough for them to panic . 
  i wish the cryo pods would actually be in space engineers . 
  they would be great for emergency exits from big ships under fire , when big fights become a reality . 
  hodor ? 
  hodor . 
  with a mace . 
  i bet the fucker would enjoy it , even . 
  necromancy is under conjuration in skyrim , yes , but that 's probably just gameplay reasons . 
  necromancy , in my mind , does n't always work exactly like conjuration . 
  it 's a nice enough gimmic . 
  i sometimes throw my last few euros in there . 
  in tes games , there 's a difference between lore and games . 
  the whole province of skyrim was heavily scaled down , just to make it somewhat possible to do as a game . 
  if they had made skyrim as big as it is in lore , many gaming computers could n't even handle it . 
  we 're talking hundreds of thousands of npcs in one city . 
  but without consoles , it could have been closer . 
  just recently started playing it . 
  with help of a walkthrough , i 've had lots of fun and progressed through it quickly .
