  finnish is fucking hard , and way different from english due to it 's origins . 
  you would rather kill yourself , than switch to an objectively better gaming platform ? 
  maybe you should seek professional help . 
  okay then . 
  also the fact that using too much ambrosia and nectar is still deadly to full demigods , so using other healing factors might be the only way to save some people . 
  if you live with your parents you do n't get to remodel the basement . 
  i only see the kitchen , which does not equal living with parents . 
  anyway , i have lived in a house where the basement was renovated to be a second bedroom . 
  i was n't supposed to be even excited for this game but holyy shit, 
  you probably meant 2 and 2/3 . 
  you should consider reading the books , 
  fucking hell it 's 4chan that 's like saying `` well obviously this book is fake ! 1 '' after reading harry potter . 
  presumably whatever in the name of talos the augur of dunlain did . 
  although life like that could be considered to not really be life at all . 
  i doubt the thalmor could even make a scratch in it . 
  enter it ? 
  maybe ... 
  survival is a whole different question . 
  i remember some time ago it was discussed here in length , but in a nutshell , for example :, 
  a human from our world enters nirn . 
  the air does n't contain oxygen , but instead magicka , so the human dies . 
  the next human now comes with a breathing device . 
  the food does n't contain nutrients and such , but most likely magicka . 
  so , you get it , the human dies . 
  and so on . 
  the inhabitants of nirn have vastly different bodies , which require magicka . 
  unless this alien could transform their own body , or was otherwise immortal , they would be fucked . 
  the author of the books has literally said that yes , they are . 
  it 's not making fun of actual rape victims , but of tumblerinas who claim they got ptsd from twitter . 
  yes well i doubt the prince of rape really cares about gender . 
  i 'd love to use it but it has bugged on me every single time with no way to advance , so i 've just given out . 
  there is a bit of that if you do the radiant quests . 
  they give you access to bigger quests in some cities . 
  maybe you just take it too seriously . 
  went underground for the first time , found an arkhalis . 
  man that is a nice sword . 
  still using it . 
  fucking melted the eye . 
  we do n't know if you can do that with valyrian steel , and not lose it 's magical properties and the qualities that make it valyrian steel . 
  more like they meant that she very willingly fucked daario . 
  never said that they were the same , just pointed out what i thought / u/snoharm meant . 
  13 is n't really teenager yet , that 's still a child . 
  man , if they had build the storyline on a rivalry with a dying thieves guild and the alive and well summerset shadows , and left all the nightingale shit out , it could have been good ... 
  you have to lockpick a lot , but other than that , yes . 
  they have the same level of mod support the java version has : none . 
  bloody hell it 's a greentext , they are bullshit by default , screaming / r/thathappened just makes you look silly . 
  hjalti was n't exactly dragonborn . 
  that aspect came from the first underking , ysmir the kingmaker . 
  talos is so shrouded with lies , deceit , and remaking of time , it 's impossible to say that he did that . 
  one thing that is good to remember is that the took the place of lorkhan , which goes against the story of him being dragonborn . 
  the thu'um came from ysmir . 
  it 's possible numidium retroactively made tiber septim into a dragonborn , but hjalti was just a good schemer and a tactician . 
  yes , they did redo convention , with hjalti the thief betraying wulfharth the warrior while zurin the mage witnessed it . 
  talos walked in every way possible . 
  i still doubt hjalti was born with the soul of a dragon . 
  otherwise he would n't have needed wulfharths thu'um . 
  tiber septim was a dragonborn as much as a story can be . 
  which is quite a lot , with numidium in the mix . 
  also , who 's to say the greybeards could n't shout a dragonborn into ash , if they so wished to do ? 
  they named ldb ysmir too , as they spoke . 
  nirn is as much a mechanical construct as a magical one . 
  the clockwork city was sotha sils way to access it . 
  i 'm sorry but that just sounds really bad . 
  holy shit that 's actually hilarious . 
  reddit sure is a serious business . 
  you 're very misinformed about what gamergate actually is . 
  it is n't a campaign against women . 
  it 's about how shitty `` gaming journalism '' is . 
  nice to see her get more attention . 
  just a shame they have to push their agenda in the article . 
  people who would otherwise love their videos might not want to check them out because of the article . 
  the movies barely resemble the book . 
  we spent 8 hours trying to get giant harpy feathers for the wings . 
  got one , needed two more . 
  then i found two in my piggy bank ... 
  i still feel a spike of anger just reading that . 
  still hear that dismissive tone too . 
  for the same reason 11th did . 
  that 's just the face he got . 
  presumably the war made him look old and weary . 
  they used to say that making a machine capable of flying over the atlantic was absurd . 
  or for future use . 
  ggwpez - doctor strange as he travels to deadlands . 
  at the very least indirectly . 
  well ... i sure did n't anticipate that pictures of dogs herald the arrival of our overlord . 
  i figured it was for the kids who actually still believe in santa . 
  did you atleast score prothean ? 
  yeah , exactly . 
  catelyn did n't really care for jon snow , who robb names as his heir . 
  i really ca n't see lady stoneheart wanting to crown him . 
  hang maybe . 
  because lady stoneheart is not catelyn . 
  she is all of catelyns grief , anger and pain . 
  all she wants is revenge . 
  she is n't called mother merciless for shit and giggles . 
  i do n't think she even can do much more than organize mass hangings of people she might feel are responsible or allied with freys or lannisters . 
  she might feel that jon abandoned robb . 
  all i 'm saying is that i feel it 's more likely that she would want to hang jon ( which obviously wont happen ) than crown the boy she even in life hated . 
  / r/whowouldwin would just have batman win . 
  once you finish it , sure .
