  that has probably come out of vivecs mouth once or twice . 
  what of the souls that the daedric princes claim ? 
  would n't that eventually start lessening the amount of souls in circulation ? 
  those buggies are sexy !, 
  i hope they can find a definitive slot for the colossus . 
  i 'd hate for it to overlap with the mbts and lightnings . 
  after these i hope they bring out a bit more air vehicles . 
  team hammerhead . 
  it 's just so much fun . 
  someone should probably replace the wet tissue paper with armor plating , though . 
  we all are . 
  do n't mention that `` film '' . 
  please . 
  every time it is even remotely relevant , remind your fellow redditors of the `` broken arms '' ama . 
  you would n't want them to forget it , now would you ? 
  yes , it is a different studio . 
  but they would n't want hype for me4 to overshadow da : is release . 
  or [ tali stabs him . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  most likely , yes . 
  the mother of cishets !, 
  then why the fuck did they announce it and talk about it ? 
  it does n't make sense . 
  you do n't tease a game , and then a year later say `` oh yeah it 's still uhh 5 years away sorry guys '' because that 's just stupid . 
  why you just ca n't post these to / r/skyrimporn , where they are supposed to go , is beyond me . 
  it does n't bother me when people post about skyrim . 
  we just get spammed with this stuff , and when it has it 's own , active place , it gets annoying . 
  nah , you did n't come off as an ass . 
  i think i did a bit in my initial comment , which i 'm sorry for . 
  i think at the point where this sub gets flooded with a lot of similar themed content ( asking about mods , screencaps etc ) , a seperation is best for everyone . 
  if there are plenty of people looking for that , it 's easier to find in it 's dedicated sub , and it wo n't get into the way of other things , which do n't warrant their own subreddit . 
  i too appreciate that we could actually talk about this , instead of one of us getting downvoted and left frustrated/angry/whatever . 
  thanks for that . 
  i 'm sure someone knows much better than me , but was n't there a book which mentioned something about a coming hero of the khajiit . . ? 
  i must remember wrongly then . 
  it 's not from eso , that 's for sure . 
  probably just the good old insomnia doing the usual again . 
  in a way , the coc disappeared too . 
  he mantled sheogorath - he is sheagorath now . 
  the champion of cyrodiil is just a memory now . 
  atleast he still seems to like martin . 
  damn shame about tes :o . i hate some things they tried to do with the lore ( cyrodiil was a goddamn jungle back then , ffs . ! ), 
  morrowind has the best story by far , but if you are n't used to the style , it can be very frustrating . 
  if you enjoyed skyrims or oblivions mechanics , skywind ( upcoming ) or morroblivion are options . 
  they still require you to buy morrowind ( as they should ) , but they could be a mroe enjoyable way to play morrowind . 
  what the fuck do you download ? 
  houses ? 
  holy shit you have a lot of sodas in the states . 
  finland only has small bottles of supernova and both sizes of regular dew . 
  it would have been cool , though . 
  but yes , that is the most plausible explanation . 
  he is a divine as long as people say he is . 
  he is also a god . 
  ah , but dragonrend made it possible . 
  morrowind can be very daunting to get into , with it 's horribly clunky combat and well , it has n't aged that well for new players . 
  oblivion and skyrim are amazing , though . 
  \\* shoots you *, 
  morrowind has aged horribly . 
  only thing it has better to the rest of the franchise is the absolutely amazing story, 
  that is really creepy . 
  guess metatron moved up in the world , huh . 
  `` lel the menz like totally missed the point xd xd '', 
  then proceeds to completely miss the point of mra . 
  in that he is `` active '' . 
  the daedra just want some easy entertainment from us pathetic mortals , while the aedra are napping . 
  yes . 
  he even talks to you through an avatar in morrowind . 
  was n't it vivecs and jubals child that was the new amaranth ? 
  if miller looses , i 'm pulling a whole week of `` maximumcheese \u2122 '' gameplay . 
  each factions has their own problems regarding how they look . 
  the nc helmets have a totally different style to our armours , for example . 
  we all should be allowed to look cool , in my opinion . 
  some newer ones need addressing too . 
  droppoddin into 7000 meters is kinda fun the first 3 times . 
  yeah , person who is n't a professional writer could be a shitty writer ... 
  how could that even be ... 
  yes , alduin could not be defeated there , just like tldb could n't defeat him with paarthunax at the throat of the world . 
  but i think dragonrend was an important part of him getting banished . 
  it 's weird how you get stuck after that . 
  i doubt you 're interested in the lore at all , but morrowind is the most `` alien '' province on tamriel . 
  i doubt they could make 5 games out of that . 
  oblivion and skyrim are in no way `` bland action games '' . 
  how could you even come to that conclusion ? 
  have you actually played them beyond 2 hours ? 
  tes games and dark souls are in no way comparable . 
  people do n't play tes games for the combat , but for the content . 
  you and your rose tinted glasses should know that . 
  skyrim has way more dialogue than morrowind . 
  each npc in morrowind just had the same old bullshit to say , with the exception in some questrelated npcs . 
  atleast skyrim 's npcs have some resemblance of character . 
  that 's what helps with immersion . 
  if they would have kept the morrowind engine , graphics , all that , they would get a margin of the sales they got , because only one interested in getting and playing it would be those who would have been fans of morrowind . 
  sorry for grammar mistakes etc. 
  i 'm a bit tired . 
  which is not a bad thing , if you consider how armour actually works . 
  there really should be some pants , though . 
  we can then agree to disagree . 
  i 'll stick with my bland action games , you stick to morrowind . 
   i disagree . 
  akavir , pyandonea and thras seem way weirder if you ask me .
