  is that a new suit ? 
  mark hamill is too good to be true . 
  hmm i do n't know . 
  it kinda looks like they might have made it better . 
  it would make sense too , as [ spoiler ] ( #s `` barry 's suit was destroyed when particle accelerator 2.0 went off . '' ), 
  honestly i was really shocked when barry just disintegrated . 
  i did not think they would do that . 
  wally and jesse getting powers feels a bit early , but damn it , at this point i trust the team behind the flash . 
  i love this show . 
  we are your genetic destiny, 
  what ? 
  a crown is worn on your head , and you get to wear it , while a collar goes around your neck and is often put on without asking for permission ? 
  i know . 
  it sucks to always wear gloves . 
  damn moslems and their shakira law . 
  you do realize the crown was just symbolic , right ? 
  they most likely did n't actually need to wear it . 
  there is nothing profound or philosophical to be found in the `` crown and collar '' comparison , imo . 
  woosh . 
  i miss those rare moments of fun with strangers . 
  impromptu races and meets and such . 
  nowadays every time i go to a public session , there is a modder fucking around . 
  it went over his head . 
  you just had to bring the dress back up , huh ? 
  for the record , it was white and gold, 
  which is precisely why aegon is planning to fight them on the field . 
  i just do n't see how he is planning to win . 
  nope . 
  the date is pushed forward , as in forward in the calendar . 
  the zoku were doing alright ... 
  `` great strong powerful '', 
  that 's what annoyed me most in skyrim ( still my favourite game ) . 
  i 'm a god damn dunmer priest , do n't you dare explain to me who the nerevarine was !, 
  i think cobalt blue would be really good . 
  have him be eddie brought back by whatever . 
  just this time do n't make the mystery his identity . 
  with cobalt!eddie it could be `` why are you evil now and not dead ? '' . 
  it would also explain how reverse flash still exists . 
  i do n't get why everyone thinks moonpath to elsweyr was something special . 
  i thought it was really , really bad . 
  from the mindless quests to the horrendous grammar . 
  it looked kinda pretty i guess , but other mods were so much better . 
  i doubt it is luxemburg or germany . 
  to me , valio vanilj screams scandinavia . 
  which was to guard against the others , not the wildlings . 
  it 's magic . 
  confirmed in the books . 
  dawn is n't valyrian steel . 
  it 's forged from a meteorite . 
  thing is , dawn is magic space-metal , not valyrian steel . 
  no information is given about it 's properties , except that it 's really good . 
  edit : i was wrong , it was said to `` share all it 's properties '' in agot . 
  i 'd agree with you - but meteors are magic anyway in asoiaf . 
  so i think it is fitting that they make cool swords . 
  so why do you get to decide what is a proper dragon and what is not ? 
  nope , it was her . 
  just filmed in a different location . 
  because it is a tv show and tv shows have attractive actors ? 
  whaat ? 
  nooo that 's completely normal ... 
  it 's like everyone just went full moron in there . 
  both sides just went to stereotypes immediately . 
  savage put it best , ffs reddit . 
  you know , we could get actual black canary laurel lance ... the actress would have the time , now . 
  i hope we get matt letscher as reverse flash , and tom cavanagh as earth 1 harrison wells . 
  it 'd get more of letscher 's fantastic reverse flash , and keep up the tradition of cavanagh playing a different wells every season . 
  ... i think yankbot just passed the turing test, 
  the flash gets beaten by other speedsters , mainly . 
  otherwise chronokinesis ( manipulation of time ) is a good one ( at least the comic version of zoom does this ) . 
  magic maybe ? 
  not for a whole season . 
  i think it 'd be interesting . 
  dragon souls are very different from normal souls , though . 
  their `` souls '' are literally shards of the original time god . 
  hjalti probably was n't dragonborn - wulfharth was just good with the thu'um . 
  maybe after talos changed the past , but not originally . 
  zurin probably could soultrap a dragonsoul because talos made it so . 
  i think 4 was glorious . 
  they ditched the whole gta-clone part and just went nuts . 
  i loved it . 
  whoah who invited the kkk here ? 
  that 's racist !, 
  i had fun with 3 , but 4 was better . 
  different strokes for different folks , i guess . 
  damn that hits close to home . 
  worst kind of everything really ... 
  most likely just another fake account ... 
  that is literally what she is doing in affc - remember how she hanged pod ? 
  yes it did . 
  pure mages were so much more fun in skyrim . 
  i mean . . you 'd never know ... 
  no , that was morrowind , more so vvardenfell . 
  super hostile automatic unit v. n 2.0 killed me . 
  never change , zisteau . 
  so is this game going to happen or . . ? 
  especially when he is drunk , yep , it 's just like his older minecraft content . 
  i 'm spending way too much time at this point watching them , but they 're just so good . 
  i mean , regular humans ca n't even use that , it breaks your arm . 
  shepard can use it in me2 , because of what happens in beginning of the game . 
  you 'll probably love his old mindcrack server stuff , then .
