  there is no \u00ef in finnish , though . 
  only \u00e4 and \u00f6 . 
  they do n't really specify what happened to delilah in the end of the dlc , though . 
  both choices fit with dishonored 2 imo . 
  also kudos to the actors and writers because the wests feel like a legit family . 
  barrowman !!, 
  counter-strike : source and garry 's mod . 
  some serious mental gymnastics ? 
  just quickly checked it out and damn that seems like a shitty subreddit . 
  that 's jason bourne !, 
  ah yes , the '' * death star * '' . 
  we have dismissed those claims . 
  was a very good part of the game . 
  it 's by far the best episode of tgt yet . 
  it 's by far the worst one , yes , but really most of the non-lethal options are very questionable . 
  sounds very who , ca n't wait . 
  they 'll still most likely show up as errors . 
  ah well , then it must have changed from back in the day . 
  i 've felt really happy for some reason . 
  the end of last year was quite difficult for me but somehow i 've made a heel-turn in terms of my moods , even though nothing huge has changed . 
  that 's interesting . 
  where i am from , you can use automatic for the test , but you get a thing on your license saying that you 're only allowed to drive automatic . 
  i do n't think anyone has ever chosen that option though , since manual is the standard here . 
  nope . 
  nope , he was not . 
  but that 's all a matter of opinion . 
  i for one enjoyed the direction of doctor who very much with moffat in the helm . 
  please do n't bring that here . 
  i think we should focus on discussion and generally quality content , not shit-posting and memes . 
  thanks for asking . 
  / thread, 
  it 's always nice to read 4000 words on his blog about how he has missed every single deadline yet again . 
  it 's not a story the jedi would tell you . 
  and the tribunal would absolutely have shat on the dragonborn , no matter how loudly he/she yelled at them . 
  the tribunal were much closer to godhood . 
  which is actually explained . 
  so is this why my cyrillic ( learned at age 16 ) is so much nicer than my latin letters ? 
  i love the concept of savitar . 
  i just feel that because of how expensive he is , they ca n't use him enough . 
  also doctor alchemy was just . . meh . 
  kinda wish julian albert had been a separate character , since nothing really ever came out of all that anyway . 
  this has to potential to be very good ... or utterly disappointing . 
  i think a little break from them is all well and good . 
  but if someone wants to try their hand at it , why not . 
  to me ( as a fellow finn ) estonian sounds hilarious . 
  are you talking about the movie ? 
  because his whole skeleton is coated in adamantium . 
  he ca n't exactly just pull it out . 
  it 's treason , then . 
  i guess life has a weird social agenda too , then ? 
  more likely that due to mythopeia he can pass as one . 
  season 5 has been a lot better than the two before it , though . 
  love the yellow tie . 
  well , supernatural had an endgame , 7 seasons ago ... 
  to be fair , the ruble used to be worth more . 
  spoilers , obviously . 
  in the beginning of me2 , shepard 's ship the * normandy * gets decimated by the collectors . 
  shepard 's crew is saved , but he/she gets spaced and falls into a planet , getting burned to a crisp in the descent . 
  a human extremist group rebuilds him/her over the course of two years . 
  on board the normandy ? 
  the thanix cannons were capable of killing reapers , as well as the collector cruiser . 
  even still , common weapons used by the council species were too : see sovereign . 
  it 's my favorite of the three . 
  the story is n't as strong but the characters and gameplay make up for it , imo . 
  never . 
  the collector cruiser is comparable to a reaper . 
  it 's fair to assume that because the normandy is able to kill the collector cruiser , it can also kill a reaper . 
  holy * fuck . 
  yes , there are regular cats in tamriel . 
  yeah the red lighting just makes him megatron . 
  it 's treason , then . 
  it happened in rip 's mind , she did n't get an actual body . 
  agreed . 
  s4 and s5 definitely had a decrease in quality , but s6 was very good . 
  they did the same with zoom on the flash , though . 
  please do n't give them ideas . 
  that 's the joke . 
  in finland we have similarish laws , and i 'm just glad . 
  having been attacked by a random drunken nutjob , i 'm really glad he was armed with just a can of beer and not a knife or a pistol . 
  it 's probably just the cultural difference but to me that sounds terrible . 
  i just do n't see why it needs to be a right to carry something that 's only use is to kill or threaten to kill . 
  i respect your opinion , i just do n't personally agree . 
  no they wo n't . 
  it would take a lot more time than until september to work out a new engine . 
  did you seriously miss the whole conversation dumbledore had with harry about him having a choice ? 
  i admire your optimism . 
  the trash ai n't going anywhere . 
  they 're just going to keep bitching and moaning . 
  i do n't agree with their choice . 
  not because the doctor is now woman , but because i feel like it was done for the sake of having a female doctor instead of them just picking whom they felt was best . 
  i 'll give chibnall-who a shot for sure . 
  broadchurch was okay . 
  i hope they write her as the doctor , not the female doctor , as others have said before me . 
  jodie whittaker is a superb actress , so my reservations are due to my lack of faith in the writing . 
  there 's just nothing to suggest they 'll be able to handle this well . 
  i really hope i 'll be proven wrong . 
  i hope whittaker gets the writing she deserves . 
  i mean ... it used to be ok in our world, 
  and the will to live, 
  it 's a joke about how the lead character in arrow survived getting stabbed and thrown down a cliff with penicillin tea and the will to live .
