  thanks , now i have an existential crisis . 
  what ? 
  their motivation was explained in the movie very clearly . 
  did you actually watch it ? 
  because they wanted to restore the universe to the state it used to be in ? 
  they literally have one of the dark elves say it out loud . 
  the flash has his own problems . 
  he ca n't really protect two cities at once . 
  seems like he found some eridium . 
  some of us in 17 days . 
  i love you too < 3, 
  it 's not like we 've only seen five minutes of the 142 minutes that the movie runs for . 
  i can confirm , i have [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/ua6qhvx ) tattooed on my left ass cheek . 
  think an island , surrounded by a never ending ocean of green goop . 
  it 's infinite . 
  that is finlands prime minister , alexander stubb . 
  which is what the reapers do . 
  they superheat metal ( i forgot which ) , and shoot it as a beam . 
  i think the upgraded version of the normandy sr-2 does something similar . 
  nah this is normal . 
  nothing to worry about . 
  does n't help at all . 
  it just recreate the folder while the problem persists . 
  well , barry and wells tried to do it again on the treadmill , but it did n't work out . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm off to try some heroin !, 
  it 's a good feeling . 
  hit 22 lbs today , with the overall goal being 44 lbs . 
  feels good . 
  i 'm pretty sure , if i ever choose to press , that the same will happen to me . 
  your flair is perfect, 
  but do n't you dare judge them . 
  ever . 
  i blame putin for the lands finland lost to russia in ' 44 . 
  nah , you yanks at least do that right . 
  it 's the britons who should consider being normal . 
  yeah and the flash still manages to get his ass handed to him on a regular basis . 
  it was a trilby under a fedora . 
  i was a tad bit confused first , because juha is a pretty common name in finland . 
  that 's 8 potential new wifes for when your sister gets too old !, 
  did you watch captain america : winter soldier ? 
  she flirted with poor old cap constantly . 
  that 's why i said `` potential '' . 
  yeah , the unsullied became the fucking storm troopers in this . 
  seriously , if the unsullied can fight a few creeps in masks , how in the name of sanity can they be used for conquest of westeros ? 
  because the magic is n't that powerful , and the people inclined to dedicate their life to studying it enough to become a master of it usually are n't interested in world domination and such . 
  or they are , and get put down . 
  but usually my worlds magic would n't be that much use in a world domination goal . 
  it 's a bit of a fickle tool with a tendency to blow up in your face if you 're not careful . 
  of course , one ancient magic user did sorta start the apocalypse ... 
  maybe they 'll stick a stick up your ass and have you standing guard over the fields . 
  i imagine it wo n't , since he will lose it in order for thanos to complete the gauntlet . 
  it will have to be replaced , i think . 
  please enlighten us pathetic customers then , with your obviously much superior taste in video games . 
  i think the mcu is pretty diverse . 
  i mean , just look at the new avengers . 
  or did i just not have fast enough reflexes ? 
  should have made it a dual movie , with iron man 4 being about the other side . 
  they are coming though ... black panther and captain marvel ? 
  iceland , norway , sweden , denmark and finland make up the nordics . 
  that 's pretty heavily used at least where i live . 
  now spread the word !, 
  it 's meant to end the game . 
  you 're supposed to make sure he never finishes building it . 
  i mean , as a horny teenager , many fantasize about it . 
  the thing is , that at that age , they have no way to realize how much it would fuck them up . 
  almost all the characters seemed so at first . 
  coulson is a classic `` middle-life crisis '' character , fitz-simmons are the `` slightly awkward comic relief '' , with some technobabble thrown in . 
  ward is the basic superspy machoman , and skye is the cute hacker girl . 
  but they turned out to be so much more . 
  oh man , a shrinking atom will be so much more fun . 
  exactly . 
  i do n't remember any other fake outs than brienne and jon ? 
  i do n't count lsh because that thing is not catelyn anymore . 
  even if olicity actually happening destroyed it ( mostly because felicity was n't fun ) , atleast this way they can do a jump to a much lighthearted oliver . 
  in the humane raid heist , you know how in the end you have to land on the beach , and pick up the ground team ? 
  one of the ground team jumped just as i was landing ( he absolutely refused to stand back ) . 
  right into the copter blades . 
  on the seventh fucking try . 
  he had it in thor 1 , in the crowning ceremony . 
  he never picks it back up again after he puts it down when he kneels before odin , though . 
  it will be really nice to see him play a character that does n't get sidelined as easily , i think . 
  it 's always been ... 
  and in that rumor , he was painted as a very willing whore for the king . 
  it 's not as much the fact that it was another guy - it was that he was the `` female '' of the relationship . 
  nope , that 's actually not true . 
  there were rumors spread by his political enemies about him being in a homosexual relationship , him being the bottoming one . 
  it was not strange to be straight in rome . 
  it was n't politically helpful to tell everyone that you fucked your servant boy in the ass . 
  ah yes , the famous anti-american circlejerk ... 
  unity or death !, 
  do n't bother . 
  season 9 is the best one out seasons 6-10 , and even it is at it 's best `` okay '' . 
  yeah really the first book makes it so obvious . 
  there is a chapter in which ned thinks about lyanna , then basically right after wonders if rhaegar visited brothels . 
  ned also never ever thinks of rhaegar in a bad way , despite him apparently kidnapping and raping his sister , whom he loved dearly . 
  most likely not , doge is a really common name . 
  that is why you do n't trust google translate . 
  source : finnish, 
  hopefully someone who can explain this better will do so for you , but the short answer is :,
