  i wish they were honest about it . 
  i guess that no longer matters when you get enough money , cheated from 9 year olds who stole their parents credit card . 
  holy fuck you 're a cunt . 
  years and years of mocking , dirty looks , people openly laughing at you take their fucking toll . 
  you start to feel like you have no worth as a human being anymore . 
  why should i loose weight , when everyone hates me anyway ? 
  smoking and being obese are totally different . 
  you do n't get judged for being a smoker every time someone sees you . 
  you do n't hate yourself for being a smoker , you do n't have to do a complete life change to stop being a smoker . 
  next time you ridicule a fat person , remember that it wo n't help them lose weight . 
  they 're most likely very aware of their obesity without you pointing it out be calling them a `` hambeast '' or whatever . 
  you 're just making their day shitty . 
  and i 'm not saying it 's not my fault that i 'm fat . 
  but if it were as simple as you put it , obesity would n't be a problem in the first place . 
  if you 're only playing the main questline of a tes game , they 're not for you . 
  it 's such a small part . 
  i 'm having a hard time writing a sentence , and not just smashing my keyboard in joy . 
  holy flying shitballs am i excited for this . 
  then you 're a bloody idiot , and wasting your money . 
  it would be like buying cs go to only play one match . 
  that 's exactly what makes it a waste of money for them . 
  and yes , the developers have to keep the `` evil casuals who ruin gaming '' in mind too . 
  i know that . 
  i see it as a good way to refer to him outside of the show itself . 
  if a character from the show itself would call him `` doctor who '' , that would be weird . 
  fun times have been had there . 
  casuals do n't play games for hundreds of hours . 
  if skyrim was just for casuals , it would n't even have so much content in the first place . 
  opinions of journalists are n't any more valid than the opinions of gamers . 
  i 'd rather trust those , and gameplay videos . 
  i have a friend who gets always called a hacker . 
  it 's seriously better than a compliment according to him . 
  i think you are confused about what a casual game is . 
  a casual game is almost always an easy , straight forward game which you play when bored for shot amounts of time . 
  while lenght of the game does n't make a game casual or `` hard core '' , as you put it , it is a part of it . 
  casual games extremely rarely long . 
  often they 're something that can be done over and over again , like candy crush . 
  even by your own definition skyrim is not a casual game , or if it is , so is oblivion and morrowind too . 
  a hard game can be casual . 
  pretty much . 
  you 'll get a decent system for the price of a great system in a ( in my humble opinion ) horrible case . 
  morrowinds interface was clunky as shit . 
  the journal was impossible to keep track of until they fixed it . 
  skyrim 's cities ( some of them anyway , most of them are `` real '' ) are a minor nuisance , i think a small loading screen is nothing to bitch about . 
  mods solve both the ui and interface . 
  those do not make it a casual game in anyway . 
  yes , skyrim is more simple than morrowind . 
  times change and so must games . 
  you wo n't go into it now , because let 's face it , if you take your rose tinted goggles off , morrowind is old . 
  skyrim has a bunch of stuff better than morrowind , and a bunch of stuff worse . 
  they 're both masterpieces . 
  tl ; dr skyrim is still not a casual game, 
  yep it is . 
  i do n't like them , maybe you do . 
  editing it now . 
  absolutely . 
  no need to waste what the fuck ever norton or f-suckery costs nowadays . 
  talos guide . . me ? 
  happy cakeday !, 
  talos guide you !, 
  stuuf like this is acceptable dlc in my opinion . 
  purely nex content , not something ripped out of the game on launch day . 
  have you played oblivion ? 
  really makes you appreciate the skyrim npcs, 
  it 's weird , after gaming 120 fps 1080 p for so long it 's hard to think someone plays at that quality and goes `` this was so worth 400 dollars ! '', 
  nope . 
  not casual . 
  sprinting was in oblivion , no ? 
  you can scream `` casual '' all you like , skyrim is not candy crush . 
  * unexperienced tr heavy assault here *, 
  `` brrrrt '', 
  . . but still so many people love it ? 
  how can it be dead ? 
  you 're a moron . 
  stop saying your opinions as facts . 
  he has to rebuild in a place which has no place for him . 
  true order does n't really exist anymore and peryite took the mantle of prince of order for himself . 
  you should visit / r/oblivion . 
  it 's where we weirdos hang out . 
  of course !, 
  perks of pc master race , naturally . 
  but oblivions flaws are n't all because of consoles . 
  the npc ai , for example , is n't because of them . 
  it 's all about how you want to play . 
  i love to explore , i love the lore . 
  i mod them to make the games better geared towards that . 
  if you want a hardcore combat experience , you 'll find mods for that . 
  frostfall , etc. 
  make it a survival game . 
  peryite still cobbled parts of his old sphere to himself i think . 
  but yes , jyggalag is the `` everything is grey matter '' kind of order , while peryite just keeps things balanced . 
  if you have n't realized , this subreddit ( all dw subreddits for that matter ) is just a giant moffat hate circlejerk . 
  just post `` i like moffat '' and see what happens . 
  itt : people who hate the show continue watching it just to bitch about it . 
  it 's the accent . 
  there has n't been a doctor with a scottish accent before in the new show anyway , so it has n't been obvious to the audiences that there has been a scotman as a doctor before . 
  yes i understand sylvester mccoy exist calm down please, 
  his accent does n't shout `` i 'm scottish '' in your face with a boombox like peters . 
  im my opinion anyway . 
  you 've also got to remember , the average tv watcher has n't most likely seen the classics .
