  screenshot of the process : http://imgur.com/hgbevct, 
  will edit in rest in a while . 
  say if i missed something or ya need something else . 
  really want this fixed . 
  it 's finnish . 
  i liked it . 
  the collective intelligence was neat yeah , but now they 're quite a bit neater . 
  who says they still ca n't network ? 
  paragon adept , renegade vanguard . 
  the amount of destruction a vanguard would cause in , let 's say , an office fight , just seals the deal . 
  because prime numbers can be intimitading sometimes . 
  draw me like one of your french traitors to mankind, 
  this is one of the best communities in that regard . 
  you still can discuss things , but it is n't over the top serious . 
  we have a great thing going on here , guys and gals . 
  let 's not ruin it . 
  if you would have a betrayed , and a snow elf side-by-side , it be hard to believe they 're the same race . 
  notice the amount of husks ? 
  thats the research team . 
  not that small . 
  man , this was weird when playing my renegade femshep . 
  she was n't perfect - she did many mistakes . 
  it was in her character . 
  she also grew very cold by the time of me3 . 
  for example , killing the rachni she saved in me1 . 
  i often thought that my shepard would n't fit into the ending either , but i was surprised . 
  by the time of the ending , the character i spend hours creating had evolved so much , that destroy made sense . 
  she had turned from the mostly-renegade hero of the people to a cold and calculating warrior who in the end , did not care about collateral damage . 
  in short , the destroy fit a perfect spot for me . 
  pure luck , i know . 
  still made me feel better about the ending . 
  not every cosplay needs to be super intricate , expensive and hard to make . 
  i like it !, 
  hmm . . maybe we finns should step out of our saunas . . ca n't be beaten by a bunch of little girls , now can we ? 
  at the end of the world , god kills himself . 
  dramatic , but doubtful . 
  yes it is . 
  atleast silver and gold , dunno about platinum . 
  my last name is py\u00f6tsi\u00e4 . 
  i 'm white . 
  so glad you all know how to say it . 
  i am finnish . 
  it is a bit of a weirder name even by our standards , though . 
  yeah , not going to happen . 
  i get that i am fat , and everyone would prefer if i just kept in winter clothes , so they do n't have to look at me . 
  but , due to the 25 celsius , i kinda have to be in a t-shirt , if i want to be in anyway comfortable . 
  yeah , i do n't wan na wear anything that i ca n't be comfortable in , so my t-shirts tend to be a bit too big even for me . 
  just need to rant a bit sometimes . 
  tiber septim , and anything to do with talos , would probably been smashed . 
  probably not replaced , because of the time , effort and materials involved , which would be better used in the war effort . 
  on a different note , if they even thought about touching martin ... 
  imperial city . 
  then , if i could , i 'd get an armed escort to go look around on the outside of the city . 
  also , if this is post oblivion crisis , i 'd go pay a few thoughts to martin . 
  i 'm still sad about him . 
  i do n't think op really made this with hateful intent . 
  atleast i hope so . 
  close , definetely close !, 
  the human body of his is braindead now , i 'd guess . 
  just a shell . 
  the demon is what his mind is now . 
  dean was n't killed with the first blade , was he ? 
  it was metatrons knife . 
  when my best friend died . 
  any thoughts about a fair and good world stopped the second i got that text . 
  oh , that is true !, 
  but did n't his son comment on how he looked different ? 
  maybe crowley has used that meatsuit for so long , that the human who used to be inside is dead ? 
  would it work that way ? 
  after all , demons seem to really like staying in one meatsuit . 
  surely that would be bad for the human . 
  please do n't link to cults . 
  ice cream . 
  damn . 
  perhaps it 's the fact shes inside the table, 
  we over at / r/ultrahardcore are so much better . 
  the mindcrackers should come to us at / r/ultrahardcore for lessons on how to play / r/ultrahardcore . 
  do n't watch the mindcrackers , they suck at / r/ultrahardcore . 
  check me youtube channel leswagboy69pussydestroyer on / r/ultrahardcore for a true uhc pro !, 
  that 's about it , really . 
  they were n't really shapeshifters , just unable to keep a stable physical form . 
  azurah also tied the khajiit to the lunar lattice . 
  1 ) sherlock is pointing out that because mycroft is lonely , he would n't notice it on others , as it is the norm for him . 
  bit off-topic , but i wish we get to choose the pcs species . 
  and not just the turian/human/asari / salarian , throw geth , krogan , quarian and batarian in there aswell . 
  bill kerman is apparently a time-lord , as he is regenerating . 
  i 'm no expert , but i do n't think it works that way . 
  but remember , it only works on proud feminist wymyn !, 
  we 're years away from that anyway . 
  and i seriously doubt even then it would just be `` insert some bonemarrow into a vagina ! '', 
  because we are the ones `` literally screaming right now '' / s, 
  i kinda doubt this is mass effect . 
  seems too early . 
  and i do n't want to get my hopes up . 
  it 's possible , sure . 
  but i would n't bet on it just yet . 
  it is very possible she has just a minor role or does n't appear at all in the new me . 
  `` i 'm sorry , i 'm having trouble hearing you . 
  i 'm getting a lot of bullshit on this line . '', 
  in red , please :d,
