  samis , just like the rest of the people born in the nordic countries , are white . 
  tes languages might not change like ours . 
  hoist the bot lads !, 
  probably not . 
  there are tons of referances to gaming during his skyrim series . 
  ( for example , when he finished the companions questline , and became the harbinger , he said something like `` yay !, 
  now i 'm a huge tentacly space ship ! ), 
  it 's in the name - synthesis . 
  organics are n't destroyed . 
  the reapers succeed , yes . 
  but that does n't have to be a bad thing , when beings can now co-exist . 
  synthesis is still too space magicky for me . 
  i do n't really even get why they had to cram it in there . 
  there 's a fine line between science fiction and space magic . 
  i do n't have to like the synthesis ending . 
  excellent , excellent !, 
  i 've got to say , you nailed the redoran way of thinking , at least in my opinion . 
  i love how they casually bash the nords . 
  finns went there in search of work . 
  that place has similar conditions to finland , and as such similar jobs , so it 's an obvious choice . 
  still , we finns never claimed to be smart . 
  edit : we do n't know how to write either , it seems . 
  i did not know native americans lived in finland . 
  i guess i 'll just have to leave my home now . 
  what has been the hardest thing you 've had to do while filming ? 
  fun fact : dragons in tes lore do n't need to eat . 
  or sleep . 
  or mate . 
  they 're beyond that shit . 
  it 's making fun of `` fighting the patriarchy '' . 
  this does n't belong here . 
  they also made a giant tower and * climbed to the moons *, 
  [ this ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/lore:words_of_clan_mother_ahnissi ) book mentions it . 
  it also contains the khajiit creation myths , which mirror the other races myths in many ways . 
  also , [ this ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/lore:khajiit ) wiki page contains a lot of info . 
  in general , uesp is the best source for tes lore . 
  before they changed how smithing worked , you could just make buttloads of iron daggers to level up smithing quickly . 
  now it 's a real pain in the ass ( fastest way is making 800 gold bars into rings now ), 
  i suppose . 
  i personally do n't like using the console , but to each their own . 
  `` anything that results in your orgasm oppresses muh feelz !, 
  but you 're still required to give me cunnilingus !, 
  because thats a privilege , shitlord !, 
  it 's totally logical ! '', 
  holy shit . 
  they look almost identical . 
  to actually know if you can run it you need to tell us :, 
  processor specs and model, 
  graphics card specs and model, 
  disk space, 
  at the very least . 
  other specs of your laptop would be useful as well . 
  your post has a few huge mistakes . 
  the doctor . 
  not dr. who . 
  day of the doctor happened . 
  no mass extinctions here . 
  rose tyler never used the moment . 
  using the moment on the reapers , or on anything , is outright suicide . 
  my parents did n't really carry me around after i turned 5 . 
  lucky little me , sleepwalking has always been a problem of mine . 
  i always would wake up in my bed . 
  he 's what i 'd call a real hero !, 
  two old men complaining about todays youth ? 
  this will be great !, 
  nope . 
  the moment just decided to look like bad wolf . 
  it picked it from the war doctors future . 
  okay , so my father has a russian co-worker called anatoli humala . 
  while that might not seem that weird , it is hilarious for us finns , since `` humala '' means being intoxicated . 
  yes . 
  fetuses totally can vote . 
  why the downvotes ? 
  he is right . 
  nobody is dissing anything , just pointing something out . 
  i really hope z will kick the pranking into gear again this season . 
  put the fear back into team canada . 
  kamikaze galaxy : handy for taking out that pesky continent !, 
  i hope you were just unsuccesfully trolling . 
  you should put / s after your comment so people would realize you were n't serious . 
  it 's hard to tell just based on text, 
  a khajiit would turn into a wolflike creature , if he/she becomes a werewolf . 
  if he/she would become a werebear , weretiger or werewhatever , then it 's a different story . 
  a werewolf always , always transforms into a werewolf in tes lore . 
  that does n't mean this is n't cool . 
  there are documented cases of different kinds of were-creatures on tamriel , so this fits in just fine . 
  yeah , tia is slowly becoming / r/fatpeoplehate . 
  atleast i can still laugh at sjws and otherkins . 
  he edited it afterwards . 
  there are none . 
  no one knows about finland . 
  the swedes get all the attention :(, 
  the reaper iff . 
  luck . 
  lack of fucks given . 
  you do realize your opinion is n't the only one that matters , right ? 
  most people loved skyrim . 
  i really , really loved a nightblade-archer hybrid . 
  main skills sneak , archery and illusion , with light armor and one handed for extra flavour . 
  what 's stopping them ?
