  anything in particular you 're excited for ? 
  and , if you 're looking for some moron with an accent to play co-op things with , wink wink nudge nudge . 
  it seems my stereotype of `` vs just suck it up '' was wrong . 
  the music in half-life 2 was really well done yeah . 
  always when it started playing , you got the feeling of `` well i 'm getting fucked '' . 
  big fucking robots and explosions, 
  i should not be allowed internet when tired . 
  thanks for correcting me , anyway . 
  volfemort has draco bondage !, 
  i 'll only tell you this once . 
  get the fuck out of here , or your `` superiour blood '' will be spilled all over your fancy robes . 
  if you are n't going to wait until sales , which you should -, 
  dragonborn . 
  it has the most content , and also the best content . 
  umm . 
  too many games ? 
  bioshock : infinite, 
  dragon age : fuck i 'll take em all, 
  dark souls, 
  possibly dark souls 2, 
  far cry 3, 
  and , you know , 20 others i do n't yet know i absolutely need . 
  let the wallet rape commence !, 
  fan theory time !, 
  first of all : the catalyst , and the command given to it , was flawed . 
  it was told that synthetics always rise against their creators . 
  it was also told to always obey it 's creators . 
  so , it took it as a rule . 
  it must rise against its creators , because that 's what synthetics do . 
  but it must also protect organic life . 
  what 's the easiest way to do that ? 
  harvest it , and convert it into something more easily protected . 
  it 's a bloody ai . 
  as long as there is organic life preserved , everything seems a-okay to it . 
  but then it faves a problem : how will it harvest all this organic life . 
  it would need facilities , and troops , and ships . 
  so , using some sick ai logic , it comes to a conclusion : make the organics into troops , and ships , and servants . 
  they 're preserved , and now the ai has it 's needs . 
  depending on type of ai , this might seem completely fine and good . 
  the leviathans in their arrogance would never had even dreamed of something like this happening , so they were n't at all prepared for harbinger . 
  one of neloths . 
  i ca n't remember it exactly , and google did n't help , but it goes something like :, 
  `` two powermad dragonborn . 
  that could be very interesting . '', 
  not existing . 
  it 's just incomprehensible to me . 
  one of my irl friends is utterly convinced the human eye can only see 60 fps , * because his friend told him * . 
  i always knew there was a reason i did n't like him . 
  everyone tha played morrowind more times than once realized that most likely . 
  plenty of other people noticed too . 
  you 're not special . 
  magic !, 
  my main focus when making characters is to both make then interesting , and to have them make sense . 
  so , let 's say i suddenly really want to make a argonian paladin . 
  if i did n't find a way to make it make sense , i would n't do it . 
  but i 'm sure i eventually would . 
  the bosmer are cannibals . 
  i thought you should know . 
  have fun eating your relatives . 
  they 're suspicious about it . 
  they by no means hate it . 
  even the suspicion is a recent thing . 
  heard of ahzidal ? 
  what the actual fuck is a `` nanoxirl '' ? 
  interesting . 
  not for me . 
  well , after a while . 
  but not immediadly . 
  edit : you can also just use the bots snapshot . 
  `` does this unit have a soul ? '', 
  `` it 's so much easier to see the world in black and white . 
  grey ? 
  i do n't know what to do with grey . '', 
  `` i made a mistake ! '', 
  to name a few . 
  also , my flair . 
  last time i tried that i got my cute fluffy `` shitlord '' hand-cuffs changed into ones that constantly play sjw autoplay music . 
  would not recommend . 
  i was reading all that , and just decided `` fuck this , to tia you go ! '', 
  because i really could n't make any sense of it whatsoever . 
  does this person actually think that they might get money out of that adfly thing ? 
  shh . 
  that 's not the kind of attitude we want here . 
  shepard : `` careful , there goes the next shadow broker '', 
  garrus : `` could have sworn it was muttering t'soni the whole time '', 
  liara : `` not funny ! '', 
  no matter how silly ne is , nobody should need to listen to that kind of shit . 
  rule 1 , people !, 
  we 're seeing some serious setup for the fall of the empire , and rise of the dominion . 
  the races of men are getting , ehm , rekt . 
  what i think will happen , is that the next game will take place in all three ad provinces . 
  they 're too small on their own , but feasibly sized all together . 
  now , i do n't think the second great war will be the main questline , oh no . 
  the mainquestline will probably be strongly tied to the thalmor , but in the end in some way involve saving mundus . 
  again . 
  i doubt they will allow us to choose a side . 
  they would need to pull another dragon break type of deal to get out of that . 
  so , i see them pitting us against the thalmor . 
  they 've been very antagonistic in skyrim , and have been set up as being hated even by the altmer . 
  it might be the second great war happens in between skyrim and vi .
