  it 's an amazing game in my opinion . 
  last night i got hellstone for the first time , but i still have a long ways to go before i even think about killing the wall of flesh and beginning hardmode . 
  i did n't properly explore the underground jungle , nor the underground snow biome , so i 'll do those before wof . 
  and if you ever need to , you can sell few of them . 
  with just one big one , you would n't be able to do that :p, 
  then why was that one guy missing his tongue ? 
  this is when you back your bags and leave riften for new adventures in other parts of skyrim , or maybe even solstheim . 
  actually , you can marry as many times as you want . 
  just got ta kill the old one first . 
  no , the tag system is specifically coded to only block linus . 
  yep : never ever give your hat to anyone and expect to ever see it again . 
  yeah no . 
  amazing as always , flippers . 
  more talos is always a good thing , too . 
  this has been talked ( yelled ) through and through so many fucking times . 
  but hey , it 's the easiest way to get karma , and people sure love whining , so theres no stopping it . 
  i 'll leave you to your circlejerk . 
  i think it should be . 
  just need to remember not to use the 2 for anything . 
  well , miranda can still lead . 
  i do n't like how perfect everything was afterwards in this version . 
  morrowind , the game in question , is quote old . 
  still good . 
  sometimes it 's bit confusing , but it 's nothing dramatic . 
  i 've never met a `` neckbeard '' . 
  atleast that i know of . 
  so there seems to ba a few threads , but 'cause of 4chan , it 's impossible to know which are just some faggots having a go at eachother and what are actually made by sjws, 
  dragonborn is awesome though . 
  there 's a shitload of content . 
  people just tend to skip everything but the main questline in it , and that 's not even half of what it has to offer . 
  dawnguard was fine too . 
  just wish the different sides had been a bit different in story . 
  you get what you 're promised . 
  to me it 's worth it , to some it is n't . 
  this is really soon . 
  too soon , in my opinion . 
  most of the builds on the server are incomplete . 
  the arcology , kurts fernilab , the uhc monument . . 
  i just fear that if map resets are becoming a yearly thing , which they absolutely should n't , it 'll discourage people like zisteau from playing on the server . 
  same here . 
  i suppose it depends on how you watch it . 
  i just tend to turn my brain off and enjoy it . 
  i do n't enjoy analyzing movies and finding every last error and problem and faulty line and shit . 
  if i enjoy it , it 's good enough for me . 
  how did you get out ? 
  it is said it requires inhumane sacrifices , but is possible . 
  my favourite tactic in blackreach as well , until i get some op gear and go take a bit of revenge on those bastards . 
  demarginalization of wealthy hamburgers . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  this person should realize that gettign your fee-fees hurt is a lot different from an actual panic attack . 
  what do they even expect will happen ? 
  do they actually think fbi will track their ip 's and go arrest them from italy because they hurt some demon-kins feels ? 
  i bet she can look at the source code of websites . 
  yeah , 4chan is going down . 
  i mostly stay in twitter , but i thought mary was pretty well liked ? 
  do the side quests !, 
  they 're where dragonborn really shines !, 
  i left / r/gallifrey , because it just seems a giant `` i hate moffat , rtd was so gud '' circlejerk . 
  no doubt about it . 
  before him , i always believed the mercenaries to be shitty money grabbers . 
  but oh man , is he cool . 
  it adds nearly 300 new , voice acted npcs into skyrim . 
  all very different , and quite lore friendly . 
  there are a few errors regarding lore , but the common player probably wo n't care . 
  numidium acts as a tower when it is not active . 
  when it 's active , it 's a walking world refusing dragon break . 
  i sometimes try to shout in oblivion . 
  it 'll be different . 
  maybe bethesda will conjure a new power for us . 
  but , for the sake of the lore , the shouts should not be used in the future . 
  dagoth ur , pressed to the ground by gravity altering powers , according to mk . 
  i 'd recommand installing the unofficial patches , skyui , things like that . 
  do n't instal other kinds of mods until later . 
  i know why anderz does n't finnish anything . 
  because he is swedish !, 
  i 'll show myself out . 
  you would lock yourself out of the kalpic cycle , only allowed to break in rarely , and even then , eventually you would be kicked out again . 
  i imagine it would be a lonely , miserable existance for someone who can remember being mortal . 
  you would gain the power to literally unmake the world . 
  eat it . 
  but , you would n't be allowed to influence it . 
  sorry for the messy post . 
  it 's 2 am , and i 've been awake too long . 
  yes . 
  yes . 
  oh , so it 's not him anymore , because he knew nothing . 
  that explains it . 
  edit : spacebar, 
  in skyrim , falion mentions meeting dwemer . 
  of course , it could be a load of bs , but if it 's true , they can be atleast met in some other form than big stompy ruining your day . 
  what the fuck is aave ? 
  you know , other than finnish for ghost . 
  did you get in ? 
  if so ask to whitelist wallu_fin, 
  there are n't any khajiit you can marry in skyrim . 
  it is a tragedy . 
  committing genocide because they wo n't sell me salt at a reasonable price might not be a smart move irl . 
  then do n't use the option . 
  i like it , because i like to see my characters emotions . 
  all they probably know about samis is that that one guy was supposed to be one .
