  i mean , they are trying to push the `` we stopped mehrunes dagon thing '' . 
  at this point you get as many as you want , if you 're willing to spend a bit of time looking for them . 
  numbers are still important . 
  they claim they stopped the whole crisis . 
  ca n't let anyone else get credit . 
  as turian councilor-kin this oppresses my right to dismiss those claims greatly . 
  anderzel would have been a hero . 
  if he was n't defeated by a fence . 
  silly swede . 
  may you take your pills in peace , shitlord . 
  district 9 , because i realized what it was actually about . 
  the number 3 seems to have crazy metaphysical implications in aurbis , or either it 's one helluva cosmic coincidence . 
  which i doubt . 
  mk once described the adamantine tower as a `` giant scroll case . '', 
  we know it was the spaceship of aka . 
  maybe these three house the complete stories . 
  just maybe the 3 in the original enantiomorph each had one , and these giant scrolls represent rebel/kind/observer in their contents . 
  i imagine even the moth priests ca n't even try to read these bad boys , which is why these lessened copies exists . 
  the plot thickens . 
  talos sure liked barenziah . 
  the altmer probably would n't be too liberal in that , atleast those in alinor . 
  sometimes it feels like i flip over and go flying from indar all the way to searhus if a rock even looks at me . 
  they are very , very good at what they do . 
  their plans , actions , everything , has been very well done . 
  of course , nobody is perfect . 
  the empire did pull the red ring , after all . 
  it 's still cheaper here in finland that going to a store , and i do n't think gog supports any payment method i can use . 
  every time someone shouts `` lazy devs !!! '', 
  the other comments explained this nicely , i think . 
  the medes captured the capital , and the people , desperate for a ruler , accepted them . 
  mostly , anyway . 
  pre-daggerfall lore is . . weird . 
  it is n't that necessery to know it . 
  the sidebar is a good place to start . 
  morrowind , really . 
  daggerfall had weird things too . 
  you 're a moron if you think that . 
  we have n't even explored the whole of tamriel yet ( eso does n't count ) , no way we 're going to akavir . 
  bro , it was small areas , not whole provinces . 
  also , it was randomly generated . 
  you can buy the rest of the master lvl spells from faralda . 
  we know surprisingly much about them . 
  this would be a shitty time for them to invade , though . 
  imagine the great war with 3 sides . 
  how . . could you even do that :(, 
  the rannoch problem also has it 's own point system . 
  you have to have enough of them to not have to choose between the two . 
  more diverse cockpits would be cool . 
  some where you would stand , some which would be more armored but with less view , some that would take power but would have strong `` shielding '' , etc. 
  the graybeards know way more than 2 shouts . 
  lore  gameplay mechanics . 
  the way of the vocie made sure that you can only learn the thu'um with the graybeards , who in turn make sure you wo n't use it . 
  with the exception of the ldb , and those who do not respect the way , like ulfric . 
  oh now i can see . 
  i ca n't seem to read today . 
  i love this very very much . 
  sure seems like a brutal lifestyle for them . 
  i suppose everyone would n't be as lucky as the dunmer in finding refuge . 
  hoping for more about the chromeguards , for sure !, 
  thank you for letting me know about it !, 
  iron man 3 was still shit , but atleast it 's now slightly less shit . 
  boethia requires a sacrifice at her altar . 
  the ebony blade just gets more powerful as you kill friends . 
  they seem to forget that if you write a character , that characters opinions do not always mirror your own . 
  so if the eleventh doctor was a sexist shitlord ( which i do not agree with ) , it would n't mean that moffat is automaticly a shitlord . 
  where the fuck does all the moffat hate come from anyway ? 
  because he dared to not just make tennant the doctor forever ? 
  finland !, 
  as of writing this , it is 16:30 . 
  4 pm for ya americans . 
  it 's shepard . 
  not shepherd . 
  the crew of the normandy are n't sheep . 
  depends . 
  i 've had runs where i just could n't find a cave , so it took a bit longer . 
  you can spare him . 
  he then returns to the inn at raven rock , and can be used as a follower . 
  the vestige in eso is pretty much bound to nirn , but normal daedra probably ca n't . 
  holy shit . 
  it . . could be happening ? 
  you could just not invite them, 
  i feel like i can actually focus on getting better with the vehicles now , because every time someone kills me it does n't mean a 10 minute wait . 
  i love this . 
  official logo of the new miller !, 
  i 'm sure guude will ban him . 
  i mean , it 's not like they 're friends and it 's just a video game or anything . 
  this is not final . 
  they 're just changing it to fit the current situation . 
  base power and ants are probably year ( s ) away . 
  i know . 
  loginside 2 : the return of the loading, 
  1.8 might be the biggest update minecraft has ever received . 
  anybody else been playing planetside 2 ? 
  absolutely love that game . 
  haha , for me it 's closing on the end of the summer already . 
  been having a hard adjusting my sleeping to normal . 
  he would have gotten more out by increasing his total magicka with the the enchants , or sticking with destruction cheapining one . 
  would have been really cool to see him use the master level spells . 
  there 's a difference between saving yourself and saving an empire . 
  if they mess this game up by porting it like shit , after taking such a long time to get it on pc . .
