they did have horns in ceremonial helmets , but not in those used in combat , 
  nah , something like this would propably ruin ethos singleplayer lp for me , because theu use creative : /, 
  i 'm not 100 % certain either . 
  atleast you have a chance . 
  i live in finland . 
  nothing is ever going to happen close enough to me i could afford it , 
  it 's propably something private . 
  valluzxc.exe has stopped responding, 
  this gunna b good . 
  it would be cool but it 's just impossible in so many ways . 
  it 's so funny to see zisteau get all excited about seeing a wizard :p, 
  so when can we get in ? 
  sorry i 'm confused with the timezones . 
  it 's 10:57 pm right now ? 
  so in 1 hour or ? 
  this finn is easily confused by timezones ... 
  why is it not open yet ? 
  the thing is , we do n't know anything about him . 
  he could be a black woman for all we know . 
  you did a good thing , psj < 3, 
  i feel that all the hype has died down . 
  this is why baj will always have a special place in my heart . 
  i think this will finally force me to buy this amazing game . 
  i 've been worried i would n't enjoy it but holyyy shieet, 
  my lord !, 
  you have returned !, 
  your faithful servants have been waiting for this glorious day !, 
  it is too broken to play . 
  furthest i 've gotten is the train , it will not teleport me anywhere . 
  edit : i see the problem . 
  i need to complete the swample quest , but it wont work . 
  first it did n't spawn any silverfish , then i looked here for help , removed the redstone blocks and pushed the two buttons . 
  i got 4 silverfish to spawn in the redstone , i was too afraid to hit so i would n't mess up the redstone ( silly me , i was in adventure mode . . oh well ) and died . 
  got stuck in space , had to use creative to get back , now i ca n't get rest of the silverfish to spawn . 
  help ? 
  edit2 : fixed it by somehow making a clock in the redstone , which started spawning the silverfish . 
  i 'm a total noob in well , everything , so idk how it happened . 
  there was a minisode , which had the doctor and amy in the tardis . 
  gamer money right there . 
  so ... why is the server not open ? 
  that mad , mad pigman . 
  who 's idea was it to put a lunatic pigman in charge of the space program , anyway ? 
  my friend was randomly kicked . 
  and how was it full in a minute ? 
  `` we 're mindcrack . 
  a bunch of pals . 
  hijinks , charity streams , etc. 
  we 're mean and grumpy , so do n't ask to join . 
  thanks . '', 
  so that beauty was in the description . 
  i must admit , i liked the old one better . 
  a human being = ? 
  no , time lord . 
  this is a great day for all of us !, 
  our kind , semi-cheaty overlord has returned !, 
  propably should . 
  but i just wanted to make a little joke , thats all . 
  you know you 're watching the right youtuber when they can talk about zombie hamsters like they talk about going shopping . 
  +1 , because finland . 
  yes , but they can release the videos whenever . 
  one of our team got in but not the rest , kick people without teams ? 
  kurt in season 3 . 
  seriously . 
  the fight with the dragon pretty much sums up everything zisteau . 
  whitelist wallu _ fin and cooldude _ fin _ as a team ( no spaces , had to put them 'cause something interesting happened ), 
  yes please !, 
  no , rose is stuck in pete 's world , remembe ... oh wait , this is not doctor who, 
  this silly '' i had nothing to do '' trend needs to stop, 
  but kurt is the doctor . 
  i do not like him at all . 
  he is obnoxious and loud . 
  no thank you . 
  remember guys . 
  this is my opinion . 
  i 'm not saying that he should n't be added , more that if i would get to choose , i would n't add him . 
  but obviously i 'm not the one who decides that . 
  i actually watched a lot of dvz , just 'cause it was otherwise entertaining , but now it has gotten to the point where he just kills all my interest in it . 
  the votes are going up and down quite rapidly . 
  just moments ago i was -13 , now i 'm closing in on 0 again . 
  what i care about is the fact that people are basicly marking my posts as spam that does n't contribute to the conversation , when it clearly does n't . 
  it is like my opinion is being supressed , which is one of the things i hate most in life . 
  there were 13 people in s3 and i could n't get in . 
  it 's basicly `` pay up or leave '', 
  no fak u, 
  i have come to the conclusion that you , good sir , are mentally ill , for you speak of a person nobody else knows . 
  well , i actually have no evidence nobody else knows this `` baj '' , but since i obviously am a person of superior importance , and do not know of him , no one else does either . 
  y-yes :3333333333333333 : v, 
  perhaps you should consider giving it to it ? 
  eww , saigns, 
  it 's about the journey , not the destination . 
  i do n't want to fill my inv with useless weps . 
  that 's because while they all are basicly the same , they have small differences . 
  no thanks . 
  i love the way me works . 
  even if the first ones combat is . . less than desirable, 
  because it is easier to keep people out of a place they do n't really want to visit ? 
  i actually failed it the first time . 
  the conditions for the alliance are actually quite specific . 
  my heart broke when tali stabbed legion . 
  that article was quite well done .
