  everyone you kill during it is named and voiced properly , though . 
  who all spoke the same lines . 
  quality , not quantity is my opinion . 
  in thor 1 , nothing could get it to move until thor picked it up . 
  / r/shittyhaiku you 'll fit right it . 
  that 's just bollocks . 
  none of the atoms in your body now were n't there when you were born . 
  does that mean that somewhere along the way you died ? 
  no , nothing would be much , much better . 
  `` cyka '' and `` blyat '' ? 
  [ carving intensifies ], 
  i think she was even originally intended to go both ways . 
  captain america aou suit . 
  thought it was pretty much perfect . 
  that 's why you start consuming less calories . 
  source : 1 hour of walking and running a day and losing weight pretty well, 
  about 6 kg to go . 
  yep , they 've done a lot , actually . 
  you need to go to a corner and think about what you 've done . 
  this so fucking much . 
  i have my whole family telling me `` oh do n't lose anymore weight !, 
  you 'll be too thin ! '', 
  no i wo n't , i 'm just not as fat as i used to be , does n't make me thin . 
  damn . 
  that means no nordic union for me most likely anyway . 
  that 's a shame . 
  and you know what ? 
  you could have literally just seconds ago actually began to exist . 
  how would you ever know ? 
  maybe you 'll stop existing tomorrow . 
  really gets my brain spinning thinking about this . 
  finn here : two cups of coffee , cereal or a piece of rye bread with a thin piece of ham , and a big scoop of i fucking hate mornings . 
  maybe lot ? 
  fine rug *, 
  do you even khajiit bro ? 
  and if you have , have you thought about donning a red suit with devil horns and protecting hells kitchen ? 
  how would blindness result in element zero exposure ? 
  they are trying to . 
  check the thread , someone linked one i think . 
  this is a perfect example of off-season shitposting . 
  it 's a running joke . 
  basically , sweden was first of the nordics to start really publicly accepting gays . 
  a lot of them of course came out , which created a reputation of there being a lot of gays , because for example finnish lgbt + people did n't really publicly come out until a while later . 
  it 's a lot different now . 
  people are ( thank god ) more accepting . 
  well , 2 out of 6 tps characters are bosses you have to fight . 
  3 , id you count the doppelganger . 
  jack probably wanted a 100 % efficient battle-ai . 
  gamergate is n't an event . 
  it 's a movement . 
  at least try next time ? 
  my regular old diet and exercise would like to say `` no thanks , i 'm fine '' . 
  cool . 
  rocket league . 
  ilma pallo yksi sarvinen = air ball one horny . 
  ilmapallo = balloon, 
  yksisarvinen = unicorn, 
  1337 and my favorite piece of tech is my gtx 780 . 
  i would love rocket league . 
  thanks for doing this . 
  i used to be the person making claims like you can see here . 
  i lost 45 lbs between now and then . 
  never again . 
  this sub helps a lot . 
  the dragons do n't start spawning until the watchtower , so you could play without being the ldb . 
  felicity kicked him . 
  he barely stumbled backwards enough to not get in the elevator . 
  it 's a superhero show . 
  it 's on the bloody cw . 
  of course it is cheesy . 
  i love it . 
  what the fuck i thought that was marketed for children ? 
  motherfucker . 
  how do you deal with being sick and not being able to work out ? 
  it 's driving me up the bloody walls . 
  thanks  . 
  my bike is kinda . . out of order at the moment . 
  i 'm gon na try to do some light training inside the house . 
  the helmet is really growing on me . 
  i think i 'm starting to dig it . 
  that is so amazing after the kinda bad arrow trailer . 
  cisco being cisco , garrick being awesome ... man , i 'm excited !, 
  the editing was shoddy . 
  edit : i 'll add to this now that i have more time . 
  the arrow trailer fell flat to me , because it was hyped as `` breaking the internet '' , and so i expected something major . 
  instead , we got just . . more of the same . 
  both the good and the bad . 
  the only really cool thing was constantine . 
  the content otherwise was fine , nothing really cool , except the olicity bits which were just plain silly to me . 
  reminded me of a fanfiction written by a 14 year old after a show has ended . 
  the editing felt like it was n't given much attention . 
  it was literally just clips put together . 
  nothing more . 
  i would have loved a well edited trailer . 
  the actor for damien dhahrhkh seems really cool , but it feels like the same plot that has been used for literally every season . 
  guy in a suit ( with the exception of ra 's ) tries to destroy starling . 
  it has now been done three times already , what new is there to bring to the table ? 
  if you count a monitor as extra , then you need to also count it for the consoles , since they do n't come with monitors either . 
  you can get a basic keyboard and a mouse for like 30 dollars , while just a single controller will run you 50-60 bucks . 
  you 'll save a decent bit of money with a pc because of cheaper games , and not having to pay extra for online .
