  but i 've also heard people complaining about how stupid it is , around when the crossbow was coming out . 
  i just figured it would be damn cool . 
  sir margareth lemonballs here . 
  can confirm . 
  guards respond when wearing dragon armor too ? 
  the one i am playing right now , worships akatosh mainly , but sometimes hermaeus mora . 
  my future dunmer will be an almost fanatical worshipper of the original tribunal , mainly vivec and sotha sil , but a bit of almalexia too . 
  if you want to worship a god of necromancy , mannimarco , the king of worms is your best bet . 
  not a daedra , or an aedra , but a god anyway . 
  damn you . 
  damn you to hell . 
  now you 're just bitching for the sake of bitching . 
  yeah , but when the nerevarine used them to fuck lorkhan 's hearth up , i think they lost most of their power . 
  dude . 
  how ? 
  even storm call only netted me like 30000 in solitude . 
  the character i 'm playing now is an imperial nightblade . 
  basicly , i use a sneak/magic combo . 
  sometimes i just sneak through using invisibility , not killing anyone . 
  sometimes i kill everyone , one at a time , using my bow . 
  sometimes my sword . 
  it 's a nice playstyle , since it 's so flexible . 
  i 'm at 100 hours at this character , finishing up thieves guild now . 
  still have n't gotten bored with this . 
  what the fuck , dude ? 
  the quiet casting perk . 
  so handy . 
  i 'm going to start using par/para/paras / paraself , since paras means `` best '' in finnish . 
  then you are out of luck . 
  this is how i pass time . 
  i 've got a really good imagination , so i can pass a lot of time really easily . 
  a few years ago , during my summer holidays , i just randomly decided to stay up later than usual , meaning to about 6 am . 
  well , when i finally go to my bed , i ca n't fall asleep . 
  after about an hour , i hear this weird hissing sound . 
  it sorta resembles talking . 
  i can hear it very clearly , coming from the living room . 
  it last 's for about 5 minutes , and after that i go to investigate . 
  no one else there . 
  or in the house . 
  never figured out what it was . 
  one friend described something very similar happening to him , too . 
  this npc is from interesting npcs . 
  i do this too . 
  usually just a bunch of colorful swearing in finnish , but that still counts , right ? 
  something along the lines of `` i will eat your babies , shove them up your ass , and feed you to squirrels , you incan fuck . '', 
  i 'm lucky i have no roommates . 
  u w0t m8 ? 
  you never know with some of these sjws . 
  all these new features have already been pushed so much back , i think we really need them soon . 
  but then again , new features are nothing if people ca n't play . 
  soe are in a bad spot right now . 
  yeah no masturbation material here . 
  too bad . 
  a truck !, 
  my epic shotgun . 
  my first strange-quality weapon ever . 
  it 's been with me for such a long time now . 
  it also made me realize that the shotgun is actually a nice weapon to use . 
  damn i love that thing . 
  do n't care either way , really . 
  never been a fan of knifing in games . 
  well , that would have contradicted the lore on how the dwemer disappeared , and became the skin of numidium , so yeah . . not a fan of the idea . 
  it 's a sort-of a maze in labyrinthian . 
  higby uses the mystical powers of `` humour '' . 
  of course , some of you tr 's seem to be too busy whining to understand it . 
  chill out . 
  i think i would get a chuckle out of a attachment called `` dumb '' . 
  perhaps you should go calm down for a few minutes , before commenting again ? 
  surely one attachment on just one ( although pretty significant ) weapon is n't going to make a big difference ? 
  i 'd get it if it was for multiple weapons , and hope it is n't , but i ca n't see how this is so bad . 
  but perhaps soe should reconsider . 
  they ca n't really seem to decide , do they want this game to be a joke or not . 
  i saw it as a joke , `` you did n't like our joke ? 
  here 's something worse '' . 
  there is . 
  it 's called `` the dark brotherhood '' . 
  i heard they put that orphanage back on track , even . 
  the problem is , that this war extends far beyond simple problems of `` who rules what '' . 
  the elves are actively trying to undo creation itself . 
  this requires taking the concept of mankind out of the equition . 
  so uhh . . is cannibalism fun ? 
  nono , if you support the empire , you just look the other way and silently praise talos . 
  i do n't know , creating your own monsters sounds really , really cool . 
  it 'll be interesting to see just how different playstyles work on each affinity . 
  i do believe , that sotha sil was one with the clockwork city by the time of morrowind , and his physical body was just part of it . 
  he might not have even noticed losing it , being busy with . . whatever it is he might be doing . 
  if this is the case , it might even be that 2/3 of the tribunal are still hanging around . 
  some elves . 
  perhaps the thalmor are using the synods ? 
  the thalmors primary goal is not well known in-game . 
  it is entirely possible only the main thalmor leadership know it . 
  not most , no . 
  theres a reason they are in power . 
  the games actually do n't cover that much of the lore . 
  head over to / r/teslore if you want to really start learning it . 
  well , the lore comes from a lot of places . 
  firstly , the in-game books are a huge source for it . 
  the storylines themselves just do n't really touch on it that much . 
  some of it is fan-made , speculation etc. 
  and then sometimes it comes directly from the writers/people who have written for the games .
