  eddard stark returned it . 
  hannah is basicly season 5 castiel . 
  i love it . 
  also the pimpmobile seems to be a recurring character now . 
  it 's the most advanced ship in the goddamn alliance . 
  if one cigar can take it out , it deserves it . 
  it is n't part of westeros , similar to europe not being a part of asia . 
  i 've been playing borderlands the pre-sequel ... for the last 7 hours . 
  fuck i love this game . 
  worst glitch was when a scav walked through glass . 
  nothing horrible . 
  it 's more borderlands , with fun twists . 
  if you liked 1 and 2 , go for it . 
  nope , they got harder for me . 
  the fucking plane is impossible . 
  awesome !, 
  i wish they could go back to venus , too . 
  thanks , added . 
  wo n't have time though until wednesday . 
  the n64 requires three hands , though . 
  lost it at `` about the population of iceland '' . 
  even without weaponized mass relays , shep kills a * lot * of people . 
  and robots . 
  except if you 're robert baratheon . 
  make it a heavy metal band and rename to deep anal stitches, 
  it actually depends . 
  there are two major civs in my world . 
  one consist of the races of derewel and humans . 
  they do n't have much capasity for magic . 
  the kaj , on the otherhand , are deeply in tune with the magic flowing out of the giant hole in the sky ( also known as the sun ) . 
  it 's found in every aspect of their lives , from toilets to weapons to transportation . 
  it 's only usable from runes , so they learned , with magic , to write really tiny text , basicly making circuit boards . 
  this allows for example simple looking staffs to have a variety of effects , or more complex gun-like things to shoot endlessly . 
  if we are looking at events that people survived , the war of blood . 
  long , overly complex story short , the derewel-human alliance went to war with the estrel . 
  of the around 3 billion estrel alive at the time , about 3000 survived . 
  they turned to the kaj for refuge , and were enslaved , unti they died out . 
  derewel and humans lost , from their combined around 8 billion population basicly no civilians were lost . 
  they were so much more advanced , and had magical weapons from the kaj , they rolfstomped the estrel almost laughably easily . 
  note , that at the early years of the world , estrel had almost total world domination . 
  or sleepwalking and talking . 
  i do that a lot still . 
  i 'll walk into the living room or something and start talking random shit or just randomly yell . 
  i rarely have memories from that . 
  it can be fun to use . 
  especially for a good engineer . 
  we still have maps with the ussr in them . 
  uhm , shut up ? 
  and i think that it 's rarity is what made it so shocking to the other demons . 
  hell of a way to go , especially for `` some average demon '' . 
  i think it 's fine . 
  i 'm not getting my panties in a twist over such a tiny thing . 
  why should n't he read the sequel ? 
  i think `` quite high '' was an understatement . 
  or , you know , the lack of the first blade to go with the mark ? 
  as someone using the bus every week here , this is true . 
  for short distances , people prefer to stand instead of sitting next to someone . 
  of course , i live in a smaller city , so the bus is usually not full . 
  that seems horrible . 
  it 's not that hard . . unless you 're really poor . 
  and because it 's telltale , it 's going to be the players fault this time . 
  yep . 
  that 's why they eventually named it `` charon relay '' . 
  source ? 
  the steam servers , which already get fucked by major sales and such , would get absolutely rekt . 
  there would n't be much left . 
  nope . 
  mars has the prothean archives , though . 
  charon relay is orbiting pluto . 
  charon is sometimes referred to as `` sol relay '' , that 's true . 
  . . in no way ? 
  i never even implied such ? 
  i 've never gotten anything here . 
  but that is not a bad thing . 
  i 'm pretty well of . 
  if i really want a game , i can get it . 
  i 'd rather have brothers who need them get them . 
  remember all those ten/master fanfics ? 
  it was probably a dream to some to see the doctor and the master kiss . 
  i bet it did n't happen quite the way they wanted though . 
  and well , it 's the bloody master . 
  taking over the earth and beating the doctor seem to be quite likely . 
  but that 's assuming a human mercenary could fool the elves like that . 
  i 'd imagine security is pretty high in alinor . 
  you know , normal people watch those shows too . 
  finnish person here . 
  constant daylight is much better . 
  winter just makes you depressed and murderous , because you 're at work/school/whatever during those 4 hours ( which i 'd call a generous assumption , the sun sometimes does n't seem to rise at all ) of precious sunlight . 
  also , all the fucking vitamin pills . 
  supernatural . 
  i can tell you from experience , mocking is the least effective way to get someone to lose weight . 
  for me , it lead to feeling like shit constantly , which lead to eating more , which in turn lead to actually gaining more weight . 
  it 's a taboo to mention it but mocking is ok ? 
  where the hell do you live ? 
  if he cares enough . 
  he did n't seem overly worried about the world-eating dragon god from the dawn of time . 
  thanks mate , this will really help when i respec my athena at 50 . 
  too young ? 
  last year , when i was still playing tf2 regularly , i had 2 servers i played on . 
  it 's like you described , there was a community , people knew each other .
