  and even if they just stuck with vvardenfell they could have made games set in different eras . 
  velothi high culture was the golden age of the dunmer , a very long time before men even existed on tamriel . 
  akavir is a different continent , hell , it might be a different dream or kalpa altogether . 
  i was talking about places on tamriel , which is where the tes games have sticked to so far . 
  the main world has always been on tamriel , with the exception of the shivering isles dlc . 
  just imagine if all the tunnels had a centre point . 
  i 'd have so much grilled scout i 'd eat it for the rest of my life . 
  that does n't matter . 
  there clearly was n't enough . 
  this does n't belong here . 
  the quality around here has taken a deep dive . 
  has there been large publicity for us lately , or what caused the surge of new people ? 
  the shivering isles are a realm of oblivion . 
  they are n't even in mundus , much less nirn . 
  damn . 
  that means less content for me . 
  livestreaming means less time making videos . 
  and because he is in the us , his livestreams will happen during the night for me , and staying awake the whole night to catch the stream is just not an option . 
  just to be clear , i 'm glad you guys get more kurt now , but i wo n't . 
  when dealing with tes lore , just forget about the concept of `` canon '' . 
  i feel so attacked ( triggered ) right now guys . 
  early 2016 could still be almost 2 years . 
  unless we get something big soon , this community will start to die . 
  will it happen in the games ? 
  unlikely . 
  do they accept it ? 
  likely . 
  every sci-fi helmet ever reminds someone of halo . 
  shut the fuck up , shitlord !, 
  xie has written over 200 fanfics based on gendequeer demigirl poc harry potter !, 
  on consoles i guess . 
  that 's . . sorta cool . 
  i mean , it makes sense they would n't be succesful every time . 
  good thing the movies are their own thing . 
  i 'm glad for ya all who got gold , even if i never got a taste !, 
  you could try setting up your pc in your living room . 
  hook it up to your tv , plug in a controller and start steam in big picture :p, 
  i doubt the watch_dog devs wanted to make a shitty game . 
  like with me3 , it 's extremely likely the fault lies in the publisher who just wants the cash . 
  people should be careful of ubisoft . 
  they should know what kind of shit they have pulled in the past , and might pull again . 
  yes . 
  archiving every single version of the tes universe . 
  the last dragonborn is very powerful , but if we ignore the game mechanics , he could n't fight for a week straight . 
  eventually he would have to escape , and the thalmor would hunt him down like a dog . 
  keep in mind , the thalmor have 1 . made the moons disappear 2 . have mirror-logicians keeping numidium , big stompy himself , away . 
  i try to tolerate different people . 
  weird people . 
  but holy shit . 
  you have problems . 
  it 's extremely unlikely the thalmor were n't behind the moons disappearing . 
  it was most likely an experiment to revert the khajiit back into aldmer . 
  aldmeri dominion is much more than one city . 
  three provinces , extraordinary knowledge of the metaphysical and a big fucking army to be exact . 
  even the empire could n't win against the dominion , much less just a single dragonborn with a few dragons . 
  funny thing is , the elves have visited masser . 
  as have the khajiit and humans . 
  he was a breton , hjalti early-beard . 
  that 's the truth . 
  all else is propaganda and chim-powered rewriting of history , with a little bit of numidiums world-refusals mixed in . 
  yep . 
  was general talos a huge back of dicks who slit his own throat ? 
  was he a heroic dragonborn from atmora ? 
  palaven would be cool , but it would be a pain in the ass . 
  thessia would be . . umm . . nice . 
  most likely citadel , though . 
  magic is the technology of nirn . 
  sadly , nirn is n't going forwards in magitech , but backwards . 
  i do wonder how the colony worked out . 
  the khajiit just climbed there . 
  a mining colony with no laws , constant fear of death , lot of aliens , and a night club ? 
  definetely omega . 
  some of the `` shepard speaks for you '' moments are actually affected by your renegade/paragon score ( for example when edi asks if , when there is time , shep could tell her about being alive ), 
  skooma does shit to you . 
  as does getting your species linked to the lunar lattice by a kitty loving daedric prince . 
  i have n't laughed this much in ages . 
  oh god , this will be good . 
  the ending . . bell pepper girth . . i 'm going to need a moment . 
  no need to downvote me for it . 
  it 's pretty much confirmed he is a breton . 
  the nordic aspects come from wulfhart and chim . 
  literally the best argument i 've ever read . 
  nope , not interested in digging through all that just to find a source . 
  it happened , but actually did n't happen . 
  not that anyone could tell in-universe, 
  which at the moment seems limited to tiber septim and vivec . 
  both not to be trusted . 
  we have this crazy thing called `` removable shower heads '' here in finland . 
  it beat the empire . 
  we know the empire had a large army . 
  stop the thalmor ? 
  they did a pretty nice job of stopping themselves in mks c0da . 
  of course , they still won , but they wo n't be doing anything like that anytime soon . 
  basicly what i 'm saying is that canventional means will never stop them . 
  maybe the hist could do it , if they gave a flying fuck . 
  internal politival strife can kill aldmeri dominion , but the thalmor are more tight knit . 
  they could be thrown off the throne , but that would just stop their more political agendas . 
  they would probably still try to unbind the dragon . 
  it 's our affectionate name for our favorite destroyer of reality , numidium . 
  i wonder if the thalmor care about saint martin .
