  but you know nothing else would do now . 
  better wait than get a half assed book . 
  why are you being downvoted ? 
  you are right . 
  at birth . 
  had to be c-sectioned . 
  nice try , ubishit . 
  do n't you have your weekly open-world adventure game to publish ? 
  yes , i would . . 
  but i 'm just an uncivilized finn who prefers coffee to tea . 
  the christian church seperated 1054 . 
  i do n't see how education makes you automatically better at choosing quality products . 
  having a history major probably does n't make you better at that . 
  the cheapness comes from cheaper games , and no extra cost for online . 
  yeah , a civil war = weaker skyrim = weaker empire . 
  winning that war , which ulfric did intend on , was bad for the thalmor . 
  they wanted to keep the war going , and honestly , it would probably have , if it were n't for the ldb . 
  if they should , then people with broad shoulders who do n't fit into their own seat should as well . 
  when martin septim used the amulet of kings to become an avatar of the fucking * dragon-god of time * , and proceeded to kick mehrunes dagons ass back to oblivion . 
  but then , what would even be the point of introducing aegon ? 
  jack is the funniest character in the whole series to play , imho . 
  but never worth 30 dollars . 
  uh . . it really was n't . 
  it is forever burned into my mind . 
  warging into other people usually has unpleasant results . 
  haggon would call it an abomination . 
  bethesda did n't do eso , though . 
  forced to be inside when it rains sounds absolutely horrible . 
  a 60 $ game = 60 $ game . 
  yeah , he even directly says something like `` but i do n't have ... '' , to which ramsay responds with `` then use your mouth '' . 
  only thing more direct would be ramsay slapping us readers with theons now disconnected favorite toy . 
  maybe ... 
  take the chain away ? 
  i think that 's less kit being short and more sophie and gwendoline being long as shit . 
  searchadwd !, 
  `` but i do n't '', 
  me too , and i live there !, 
  lady stoneheart . 
  we had quite a lot of catelyn chapters , so it would be freaking awesome to see how different uncatelyns thoughts are ,, 
  a redditor once told me that fat people should just stop eating until they 're thin ... 
  so i suppose they should at nothing at all . 
  that video really shows how fucking dumb it was . 
  what 's wrong with good old wights ? 
  `` edd , fetch me your sister '' ? 
  then let us hope we will too . 
  time to attack the wall , op . 
  i think so too . 
  more so , that he actually became one with the clockwork city . 
  i think this has the implications of nasty tentacle porn . 
  i 've also been unable to redeem my paysafecard . 
  hopefully it gets fixed soon . 
  mankar was not a dragonborn . 
  the only reason he could wear the amulet was that he was pretty fucking powerful in his own realm . 
  holy shit . 
  maybe in a dream of a flowery child . 
  ... i 've seen a lot of fat old people . 
  late 2018 . 
  yeah , by this point she would be a [ spooky skeleton ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkmeb0_dxwk ) most likely . 
  she is setting the stage in the riverlands in major ways . 
  just because we do n't see it , does n't mean she is just lying around . 
  also , i 'm sure we have n't seen the last of her yet . 
  late 2015 is n't impossible at all . 
  unlikely , but not impossible . 
  i did n't say i believed in it myself . 
  all this just glosses over the fact that melisandre sees stuff in the flames . 
  most likely she just saw jon and ygritte . 
  i want malcolm merlyn to fucking destroy him . 
  the hair is worse than the undertaking , imo . 
  used to have the same problem . 
  do n't worry brother , it gets better . 
  still get shit on because of my accent , but fuck them . 
  to be fair , `` vaulthunter.exe '' is malware . 
  yeah , that totally turned out great for saren !, 
  that 's what being mind-controlled by a race of technological god-like squids will do to ya . 
  my most recent religion was called religion . 
  i ca n't be bothered with names . 
  that was i think the only thing i missed because i read a translated version . 
  the northern bastard name in finnish is nietos , but that was translated as something like `` mutta n\u00e4\u00e4n vain lunta '' . 
  it still means the same thing of seeing only snow , but with a different word for snow , which changes it completely . 
  if you do n't much care for sanity or any quality of life , one can replace their hearth with a hearthstone . 
  i 'm sure neloth would be willing to assist , would one want it . 
  being an idiot is not linked to age , you know ? 
  yeah , it was fucking dope . 
  the tsaesci are among us !, 
  i imagine talos could create a plane ( t ) for himself , if he cared for it . 
  maybe that 's what he has been doing . 
  he obviously was aware what happened , but it still did happen instantly . 
  time travel , yo . 
  you should tell that to rhaegars children . 
  how was it ? 
  the mountains still had `` aegons '' blood on his hands while he raped elia ? 
  a good corrosive sniper will melt him , otherwise he is a pain in the ass . 
  you yoda are ? 
  because what it does is irrelevant . 
  the facts that it is so big is what matters . 
  someone should apparently teach the giantsbane something about the realism of porn . 
  the commentaries are biased , i 'd say . 
  i would n't necessarily trust them for information about mehrunes the razor , dagon nor mehrunes dagon . 
  aegon flayed alive by brienne . 
  well , better than some around here .
