  they defended against them . 
  you do n't achieve chim with a scroll . 
  chim is love , not the morning news . 
  well , the vanu does n't use wheels . 
  except for ns vehicles , but shh . 
  still i agree with you . 
  h-how does it feel to finally use the tr colours ? 
  it must be amazing . 
  the finnish national anthem is a bloody drinking song from germany . 
  i do n't think you should be mad . 
  shh . 
  you 're not supposed to say it aloud !, 
  you should check the reddiquette . 
  the downvote button is not for disagreement . 
  i too have read wikipedia articles . 
  it still does n't mean they stole it and we should hate them for it . 
  everything has to be so bloody serious with reddit , does n't it . 
  lighten up a bit and learn some humor . 
  i 'm not that excited to be honest . 
  i 'm not that big of a fan of episodes that are silly through out , and i do n't think this can be anything else . 
  i feel it might break the more serious feel series 8 has had for the first two episodes that i really loved . 
  i 've been proved wrong before though , and i may end up loving this . 
  we shall see on saturday . 
  i disagree . 
  it had silly things in it , but it also had incredibly dark moments , like the doctor and the cyborg in the skinballoon . 
  i suggest you watch the episode instead of just blindly agreeing with the hivemind . 
  imagine being fat and having a small dick . 
  must be quite hard on a persons self-esteem, 
  it 's a drasticly different situation . 
  and really , fat-acceptance is not something i 'd call accepted . 
  if it were as simple as `` eat less '' , obesity really would n't be a problem . 
  you have to factor in lack of sports , and eating unhealthy foods too . 
  it really does require a total life style change for the rest of your life , and when your self-esteem is already at the rock bottom , chances are you do n't care enough anymore . 
  trust me , eating less resulted just in horrible migraines and frustration . 
  changing my lifestyle , and starting walking more , has resulted in slow but steady weightloss . 
  i hope all the best for you . 
  it 's good that you found someone so accepting . 
  daily migraines are not worth it to lose weight . 
  everyone is different , my way works for me . 
  thats ... wow . 
  you know what would be funny ? 
  having giant death robot as the first melee unit you can get . . 
  i ask silly questions on askreddit . 
  damn . 
  i have green eyes , but i promise i 'd be a good fit !, 
  tl ; dr there is no excuse !, 
  bow down to pc supremacy !, 
  the amount of money i would pay for that red tr hoodie is stupidly large . 
  i want it . 
  no , i need it . 
  ca n't be , there would n't be any vanu left on the mortal plane . 
  haha . 
  clitoris in porn . 
  you 're funny . 
  if it makes you feel so shitty , why the fuck do you eat it ? 
  you should propably study it a bit before just going `` well , if the peace treaty says so , it must be true ! '', 
  where did i say that ? 
  they 're a fan twist to throw on some games . 
  like skyrim can be really fun only using magic to get your enemies to butcher eachother . 
  [ the real barenziah ] ( http://www.imperial-library.info/content/real-barenziah-complete ), 
  i think trb is the longest in-game book series , but i 'm someone will correct me on that . 
  has a good storyline , explores quite a bit of lore . 
  has a pretty explicit scene involving khajiit penises , so keep that in mind . 
  [ a dance in fire ] ( http://www.imperial-library.info/content/dance-fire ), 
  a nice look at a tamrieli commoners life . 
  lots of bosmer , valenwood and a bit of khajiit lore to be found . 
  generally just a nice read . 
  it 's been a while since i read it , but i remember loving it very much . 
  [ palla ] ( http://www.imperial-library.info/content/palla ), 
  i 'm usually not a big fan of the horror genre , with the exception of some edgar allan poe , but i found palla to be a very nice read . 
  [ immortal blood ] ( http://www.imperial-library.info/content/immortal-blood ), 
  tells the origin of a certain vampire we meet in skyrim . 
  no , it is not serana . 
  nice vampire related lore here ( even if atleast the part concerning the volkihar was different in dawnguard ) . 
  that 's what keeps the nordic countries livable . 
  this is how / r/wincest gets more visitors . 
  why is it that this kind of shitpost is always upvoted ? 
  ehh . 
  i 'm finnish , not native ar even fluent in english , but i can understand him without a problem . 
  i think i missed one word in deep breath ? 
  i beat oblivions main story in about 8 hours , skyrims in about 11 hours . 
  implying gregor can plan anything beyond the next swing of his sword . 
  he has said before in the comments of some of some video of his that he prepares for these first by going looting , so that he does n't have to bother with that . 
  and even then 3 doctors got through at the same moment . 
  i 'm amazed . 
  those were the doctors parents . 
  his parents . 
  edit : this seems to also go against the whole `` the doctor is half-human !!!! '', 
  thing, 
  like bitcoin but not succesful . 
  enlighten me please , what were the holes ? 
  intentionally leaving something to the viewers imagiantion is n't a hole . 
  did n't say it was an orphanage either . 
  why would some random orphanage people care about the future of the kids there ? 
  hard to say . 
  my stream was wonky ( do n't sue me !, 
  only way to watch without risking getting spoiled ! ), 
  so i must have missed the part about the other children . 
  which was `` hit with sword until dead '' and then `` explode head '' . 
  people do n't consider at all that buying two seats means double the price .
