  i still have n't played gta iv , because of the 7 accounts i 'd have to make to get past all the shit . 
  origin still wo n't let me launch me3 . 
  and they probably wo n't . 
  they 're just going to continue updating tf2 , propbably porting it over to source 2 . 
  the medes are no septims , yes . 
  you 're allowed your opinion , but in many ways , the empire keeps the dominion in check . 
  even talos said to the nerevarine that the empire is old , and should be replaced . 
  maybe the whole concept is old , and the provinces should just be left to themselves . 
  time will tell . 
  they were originally supposed to be protheans , but with javik in me3 , they represent some other species of his cycle . 
  yeah . 
  sacrifices like this are needed jsut to make the game playable . 
  how much of a pain in the ass would it be to have all the species speak different languages ? 
  lorkhan did not attain chim . 
  he fucked up , but did n't zero-sum , somehow . 
  there are mentions of the thalmor wanting to unbind the dragon , and a logical way to do that would be to disable the towers , which they have done , for example , they assassinated the mane , which is most likely the stone of the khajiit-tower . 
  i doubt the mission was to have everyone attain chim , but just to have someone attain amaranth , so the new dream can begin . 
  on the other side of the coin , this kalpa is left running , because people are escaping mundus , which is what aka wants . 
  uesp says clearly that he failed , so other could succeed . 
   this attempt at chim failed , though why it failed has been the subject of intense disagreement and bloodshed from the dawn of creation to the present day . 
  it 's speculated that the divines could n't achieve chim anyway , but mortals , due to their limited nature , could . 
  a better wording would have been `` finding ways to escape mundus '' . 
  the thalmor , trying to remove talos , and maybe the towers . 
  the dwemer trying to use the numidium , failing only because of the war . 
  it comes down to aka and lorkhan being two sides of the same coin . 
  the more merish aspects of aka would want to leave , as auri-el did . 
  lorkhan , replaced now by talos , fortifies the wheel . 
  i have a windows live account , which does n't work . 
  microsoft allows only one account per email , and because i only have one , i would need to make another one . 
  in general , it 's a mess i do n't care to do something about just to play a badly ported game . 
  they 're who i meant . 
  i just did n't remember they were from an older cycle . 
  i doubt you . 
  after bl2 dlc-splosion , there 's going to be atleast one dlc character . 
  once you get into it it 's not that bad . 
  granted , i 've never done a 100 % renegade . 
  universe sandbox . 
  pictures ? 
  for science . 
  dragon-born in that refers to being an agent sent by the emperor . 
  you become sheogorath . 
  no , no no no no . 
  the save/load , pause etc. 
  are game-mechanics . 
  the other player characters are not dragonborn . 
  the dragonborns are shards of the oriuginal time god , aka . 
  they set up the thalmor in skyrim . 
  why would they just forget about them ? 
  besides , there really is n't any way the thalmor could just suddenly disappear . 
  what ? 
  i think people are finally just started to go tired of the constant whining . 
  `` i had an argument with him !, 
  i hope he dies ! '', 
  i wonder if in real life every time their mother tells them to go outside they yell `` i hope you die !! '', 
  `` oh , my little jimmy is a true gentleman !, 
  and he is only 10 ! '', 
  * meanwhile , in little jimmys bedroom *, 
  `` i hope you die you fucking fag i fucked your mom you retard shit '', 
  `` the bible says so !!!! '', 
  maybe when we get ants , those , when deployed , would give resources even in cut off territories ? 
  it would be a challenge to get them there , for sure , but that 's part of the fun . 
  i 'd imagine you fill up your ant at the warpgate with say 10000 nanites ? 
  and then , when deployed , every player in your faction within a certain radius gets 50 % of what they would get at the very least in connected territory , for example , if the lowest you vould get was 50 per minute , they would get 25 per minute , and that would all drain from the ant , then , when it is destroyed , you would have to go refill it , with possibly some other person deploying their fresh batch of nanite-goodness . 
  that mission was intense the first time around !, 
  i 've never we n't to check my statue , though ... 
  i hope they captured the details of my leather armor well . 
  they 're rewriting stuff also , to make it better suited for voice-acting . 
  i think you can cheat it just by changing the time on your computer . 
  hmm . 
  i have n't tried this one , but i think it could be cool . 
  you 're not allowed to use merchants . 
  so no selling or buying stuff !, 
  that works !, 
  make a backstory for for why , makes it much more fun !, 
  are you sure they were n't playing an elder scrolls game ? 
  the story is just amazing !, 
  aww , so cute !, 
  a few years and he 'll be killing colonists !, 
  `` european features '' . 
  swedish people and italian people look so similar !, 
  with the power of feels . 
  they were really , really repetive . 
  but maybe they were , i have n't played dragon age 2 . 
  look up mks c0da . 
  big stompy , also known as numidium , comes back . 
  atleast in one version of reality , it was during the fifth era , but it could be further away . 
  he then proceeds to wreck all the things . 
  dunmer and khajiit escape to masser . 
  ohh ... that bad . 
  i was thinking about buying the 2013 tomb raider game . 
  thanks for helping me decide , crystal dynamics !, 
  i do n't want to give my money to these people . 
  i do n't think this kind of `` who 's cooler ? '', 
  belongs here . 
  vivec left it up there , so that if ever the dunmer people stopped loving him , it would fall on their heads . 
  eventually , when it did fall , it was instrumental in making people believe in the true tribunal . 
  stop what you 're doing , and go play it !, 
  holy shit this would be cool . 
  damn shame we will never see anything like this in the game . 
  random invulnerabilities ruin whole fights .
