  have you seen the state of this subreddit ? 
  anything moffat does is just bunched up into `` garbage '' . 
  it 's good to be critical , it 's not good to say `` it 's moffat it 's shit '' . 
  everyone has an accent . 
  david tennant did an english ( ? ), 
  accent for the series , thats what people heard . 
  the `` rekt '' just tied it up together beautifully . 
  because they were in scotland . 
  remember rose tried to do it too ? 
  you never record the best matches . 
  so is the way of life . 
  they 're hold capitals . 
  but yes , tiny in-game . 
  falkreath is pretty decently sized , though . 
  year is a bit generous . 
  looking at the rate of work for soe , early 2016 maybe . 
  athena , then wilhelm , then nisha , then claptrap . 
  athena will be fun for sure , being captain elpis . 
  * nights watch, 
  sithis is not even a deity . 
  he is the very concept of change . 
  not a god . 
  the dark brotherhood are wrong . 
  the last dragonborn is powerful enough that he 'll get to choose where the fuck ever he wants to go . 
  too much hassle to try to force him to stay . 
  the last dragonborn has a dragons soul . 
  that means a shard of aka , making him naturally more aligned to anu than sithis . 
  it could be speculated that he/she is a shezzarine also , but even then it would be an even split . 
  sithis does n't have willpower . 
  he is change . 
  not a deity . 
  lorkhan was born out of change , and is aligned to it . 
  but you can not `` please '' a concept . 
  paysafe through steam . 
  you 're not stating `` facts '' any more than i am . 
  that 's just how teslore is . 
  sithis and anu , stasis and change , aka and lorkhan are two sides of the same coin . 
  time and space . 
  even if the dragons are more aligned to stasis because of how they were born , and by extension dragonborns , they can behavior how ever they want . 
  showing mortality to immortals is not enough to make you padomaic in nature . 
  change wants nothing , it is a concept . 
  aedra died because lorkhan , a actual being , born out of that concept , tricked them . 
  ( or convinced them to help him , however you 'd like ) . 
  even khajiit are elves , just changed by azura . 
  [ words of clan mother ahnissi ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/lore:words_of_clan_mother_ahnissi ) , a book you can find in-game . 
  and imagine what a race like the salarians , given a few hundred years to develop that , could make . 
  perse means ass in finnish . 
  every time someone uses `` per se '' , the 12 year old in me ( my basement ) laughs . 
  all dem swedes look the same to me !, 
  your flair is goddamn awesome . 
  i 've never understood why rye bread is not more popular . 
  it 's delicious , healthier and fills you for a longer time . 
  i do n't get your sweet-breads . 
  i like it `` though '' . 
  it 's supposed to be different from white bread . 
  atleast in my opinion . 
  they say scandinavia but they mean finland . 
  swedish people will just try to have buttsex with you . 
  trust me . 
  i 've been to sweden . 
  the taxi driver made smalltalk . 
  it was traumatizing . 
  love with a capital l. 
  and no regard for personal space !, 
  i was walking down the street , and this one guy passes me without even moving to the other side of the road !, 
  i 'm still recovering from that trip . 
  it was . . beyond horrible . 
  had to sit in a sauna for 4 days to get the sweden out of me . 
  sweetbread can also refer to a finnish thing , which is literally sweet bread . 
  you make it exactly like bread , except you throw in different spices and sugar . 
  that makes sense . 
  i 'm not sure what you guys have available where you 're from . 
  rye bread is just as common as white here . 
  sourdough is so amazingly good !, 
  i love it . 
  i 'd imagine it would get annoying for the other people playing . 
  of course , that 's the whole point , and beautifully ties into claptraps personality , and how the community is split between hating and loving him even before tps . 
  it 's quite clever . 
  talos loved his legions . 
  he did n't hate the jungles , no . 
  he loved his men . 
  i loved the foreshadowing with the doctor talking to the soldier at the end . 
  i think it ties up to the regeneration being so violent . 
  he was `` resetting '' , right ? 
  maybe that caused the huge shift . 
  in anycase , i love it . 
  in helsinki , you have to pay for the tram ... but no one does . 
  the drivers do n't check it , and it 's a 1/50 chance you 'll run into a checker , and even then it 's like 60 euros so cheaper than buying tickets . 
  again , i could be wrong , i have n't been to helsinki all that much . 
  the timelines of tes universe are the wonkiest shit ever . 
  he was a redguard in-game , but that alone does n't mean much . 
  i do n't get how people get so much money ? 
  i easily burn every last septim on smithing materials and such . 
  yeah , i do clear out all the bigger mines when i can . 
  still run out of money and materials . 
  yeah , i do clear out all the bigger mines when i can . 
  still run out of money and materials . 
  it 's using a hammer in building something versus using that same hammer to kill someone . 
  you 've got to shift your thinking from `` what would be practical '' to `` what could i do with 300\u00a0000\u00a0000\u00a0000 000 000 space-credits '', 
  they did n't defeat them .
