  iron throne = light bringer confirmed, 
  in the end , i 'm glad they did skyrim instead . 
  bethesda is good at their own thing . 
  i will always remember, 
  `` omg !, 
  america is like 2014 years old now !, 
  so cool ! '', 
  even though i think most companies do dlc horribly wrong , including gearbox , if it would be properly done it could support updating the game years after . 
  a good example of more tastefully done and better dlc would be skyrim , but it was in no way perfect . 
  yeah !, 
  they should only cater to the most hardcore fans , and slowly die out due to a lack of money !, 
  the problem i have with their model is that things like increased levelcaps should n't be sold . 
  generally i think dlc should be as large as possible . 
  yeah my math teacher is about 120 cm tall and 200 years old . 
  damn , i 'll have to grab two of those tr helmets , ps043 and ps048 . 
  i 'll also need to bind a key to say something that has to do with picking up cans . 
  or beating quotas . 
  maybe both . 
  i would read that . 
  the tr logo on the carv is really bad , too . 
  it 's just further proof that australia is not actually habitable land . 
  proof ? 
  you do n't have to close all the gates . 
  just a few is enough . 
  i thought oblivion was great . 
  the shivering isles was really fun too . 
  plague inc : evolved, 
  makes sense to nudge jon towards the wall , and the nights watch . 
  there , his secret is safe . 
  ned stark = azor ahai confirmed !, 
  do n't noclip . 
  no point in any of it with noclip , is there ? 
  hard to say . 
  it might taker forever for them to even reach br5 . 
  an experienced player will reach that in the first big fight they see , but would those happen in a newb only area ? 
  the local nord population would scream `` evil demons ! '', 
  and proceed to slaughter them ( or , get slaughtered ) . 
  i do n't remember which mod it was , but i found an orcish help with a faceplate . 
  looked so badass . 
  i guess i 'm on a sort of a break from mindcrack at the moment . 
  i 'm really busy atm , so i do n't have that much time . 
  i did watch every episode of zs lynx-o series almost religiously . 
  pls me ? 
  emperor jon septim *, 
  did you watch time heist ? 
  see how the deaths of two of his pseudo-companions affected him ? 
  i would n't say he does n't care about peoples lives , he just knows when nothing can be done . 
  maybe it 's just me , but i 've been loving claras and the doctors relationship this season . 
  they call them `` soldiers '' , not strippers . 
  that smiley is like oppressing me !, 
  so uhh . . if i 'm not living in the world , where am i ? 
  17th for me . 
  i love being punished for not being an american . 
  i hope that when you start , you have to deal with the aliens a lot , but that when the game progresses , it becomes more and more a stantard civ vs. civ . 
  it would bring a nice aspect of survival , and the feeling that you really are intruding on alien soil , and slowly either becoming part of it or crushing it . 
  well , atleast you 're represented . 
  still hoping for somekind of a nordic union . 
  so does this mean that harold is trained in `` gorilla warfare '' ? 
  `` consoles never have any problems !!!!!! '', 
  i do n't think you have ever actually visited that subreddit . 
  we already know it lasts more than 3 episodes . 
  mid season most likely . 
  we would be fucked . 
  hard . 
  for arguments sake , let 's say our bodies are converted into mundus-capable bodies , with souls and magicka . 
  just so we would n't die in a few hours . 
  let 's also make us a part of the dream that is tes . 
  i think our survival would depend on where we start . 
  any bigger city in a human province i think would be best . 
  there would surely be some work you could find to gain a enough septims to your name to get some food and shelter at the cheapest possible inn . 
  long term ? 
  you 're nobody . 
  you most likely have close to none useful skills , except your knowledge of the world , but even that might not be all true and even less of it would be of any use . 
  zero-summing is quite the large possibility , unless you can keep yourself from thinking about how you 're in a world that is not real , because it is a video game , and even in that video game it really is n't all that real and now that you 're a part of it puff you 're gone . 
  maybe , by some miracle , you would be able to get a more stable job . 
  good luck . 
  your life will most likely be horrible compared to the one you lived in the real world . 
  have fun with the next big crisis . 
  hopefully you 're not eaten . 
  let 's propose a vastly different scenario : you start as the prisoner . 
  you gain the ability that all prisoners have , which is called `` fucking shit up and not giving a fuck '' . 
  in this scenario , there really is n't that much challenge . 
  the prisoner always seems to win , eventually , and then get to fade into obscurity . 
  still , atleast i much prefer the life i have now to that of a hero recoqnized by the elder scrolls . 
  tl ; dr be glad it 's just a video game . . what 's that glowing light ? 
  i 've seen all of nuwho , and a bit of classic who . 
  capaldi is a brilliant doctor , i really like him . 
  the nordics and scandinavia . 
  no , finland is not in scandinavia . 
  neither is iceland . 
  but they are both in the nordics . 
  fancy that . 
  a dragon soul a day keeps the dominion away ... 
  even if r+l = j , he would still be a bastard . 
  just not a snow . 
  dawn is n't missing , though . 
  it 's waiting for the next sword of the morning . 
  maybe you 're thinking about brightroar ? 
  waiting at the hands of house dayne , waiting to be given to the next sword of the moring . 
  i never claimed that dawn was sentient .
