  in finland , lesbians can be referred to as `` bats '' . 
  ( if you 're an asshole ), 
  so yep , would say that you 're right . 
  when i talk to women , they turn into lesbians . 
  in finnish ? 
  the salarians think really fast , and sleep very little . 
  that 's the reason they 're so advanced . 
  asari mature much more slowly than humans . 
  liara , on 106 ( ? ), 
  was barely an adult by their standards . 
  perspective . 
  n7 typhoon . 
  man , it 's just pure fun to fire that thing !, 
  the arc pistol is pretty amazing too . 
  does the ridicilous out of place hair not bother you ? 
  i doubt it . 
  where would this guy even get the knowledge of akaviri hairs ? 
  there are n't humans left there ( they were `` eaten '' ) , and akaviri is in the future anyway . 
  snakes do n't have hair . 
  when you sail to akavir , you sail to the future . 
  literally . 
  east is the future , west is the past . 
  yokuda , which is in west , is in the past . 
  atleast on relation to tamriel . 
  when we are fighting dragons in 4e 201 , the akaviri already know what happened , because for them , it already has happened . 
  when they invaded tamriel , they invaded the past . 
  even if miracilously this one guy knows how to do an akaviri hairstyle , i doubt the dragonborn could sacrifice the time necessery to keep it like that . 
  it does n't look natural , which means that he would have to use magic to do it . 
  whichever floats your boat , but there really is n't a good way to explain it . 
  but , tes is open for everyone to interpet . 
  if you want to have anime-akavir , thats your deal . 
  i should be finishing my website layout . 
  i should be doing the civil war questline in skyrim . 
  i should start the new thief game finally . 
  i should finish my short story . 
  instead , i am on reddit . 
  yeah what the fuck is up with these casuals, 
  and next we break charon ... and make first contact . . and then get slaughtered by the billions by the reapers . 
  but hey !, 
  it will be really fucking cool !, 
  of course , any of us wo n't see in . . but no matter . 
  itt : how dare they have fun !, 
  but when making a game as complex and huge as skyrim , ya ca n't have everything . 
  the masks are also a powerful source of energy . 
  i 'm gon na be boring . 
  ** the elder scrolls v : skyrim . 
  it 's the game i always return to . 
  even if it has bugs , and is a bit . . incomplete in some areas , it 's perfect in my book . 
  especially with modding . 
  so uhh . . has anybody found zeds pics on gonewild ? 
  that dang guy is too funny !, 
  `` super realistic ! '', 
  not even once . 
  especially if it 's karma-flavored . 
  that shit is serious business . 
  i always feel like `` oh here we go again . . '', 
  house zisteau :, 
  sigil : lava bucket, 
  colours : orange/red, 
  motto : come get some !, 
  it 's starting to get really stupid here . 
  `` hey look guys i got a puppy , his name is jack ! '', 
  `` yeah , sure , of course that happened ! '', 
  a young nurse took blood from me . 
  first , she tried like normal . 
  nope , no success . 
  starts to wiggle the needle inside my arm . 
  spins it , moves it in all sorts of ways . 
  same treatment for other arm . 
  then , still no success , brings out a bigger needle . 
  same deal . 
  calls in an experienced one , one try , has all the blood they need . 
  this is how i got my huge fear of needles . 
  worst part was moving my arms after this . 
  hype train goes choo choo, 
  your sacrifice will be honored in the coming empire . 
  you should take your yearly `` basic course to oppressing and raping womyn '' . 
  i love your flair . 
  i do n't want to meet anyone old . 
  i wan na hear what happened to them , but not meet them . 
  there is no power in the tes universe capable of even harming them . 
  and anyway , eventually alduin is going to return to much on this world , and this kalpa . 
  well ... probably anyway . 
  landfall might make that a bit more interesting . 
  anyway , yeah . 
  good luck trying to make a scratch into an elder scroll . 
  it 's more probable to see vivec having dirty sex with talos . 
  on the other hand , vivec was . . different ... 
  they heart of lorkhan 'd themselves into the numidium . 
  it 's pretty damn obvious in the games in my opinion . 
  i mean , in oblivion , they see you at kvatch , saving the city . 
  in skyrim , they see you shout in the language of dragons . 
  the greybeards , for talos sake , invited you there . 
  the housecarl of the jarl of whiterun saw you take a dragons soul . 
  word gets around . 
  it 's those damn badass couriers . 
  i mean . . might as well join them . 
  might get a few cheap laughs and all that . 
  russians were really bad on us . 
  they effectively tried to remove the concept of being `` finnish '' , back when we we 're an autonomous part of russia .
