  [ weight manipulation ] ( http://powerlisting.wikia.com/wiki/weight_manipulation ) . . that 's actually really badass !, 
  but then it just gets worse and worse . . until you have to scratch it . 
  you can really notice when this show is on break just from the quality of posts . 
  oh , wellsobard was n't a really key character ? 
  because the world outside of usa does n't exist , right ? 
  but harry said he created zoom . 
  why would he said that if he has n't yet ? 
  which was left on the floor , never to be seen again . 
  get the laser gatling , it uses fusion cores as ammo . 
  that 's what all you synths say !, 
  i loved how he stepped out of the armor in struckers castle . 
  it was a neat way to show how he grew in im3 . 
  i hope not . 
  the violent , unstable lightsaber mirrors him as a character so perfectly . 
  because it looks like one of those cheap , shitty hp laptops they sell for a few hundred euros , with integrated gpus . 
  pepsi max and gum . 
  well , it 'll save me money in the long run . 
  well , it 's not like he does n't get action in the series . 
  deanmon banged the waitress if i remember correctly . 
  to me , you 've been reading for centuries . 
  would n't count on it . 
  damn you , patriarchy !, 
  never heard of that . 
  i just do n't like it . 
  k16 here in finland . 
  the giant explosion as he said it kinda hinted at `` bang '' , no ? 
  there was the masked dude on the wall with the metas !, 
  wait ... diggle had a son , right ? 
  earth-616 has a white spider-man, 
  to the person he loved . 
  we did n't really see him in `` work mode '' . 
  holy fuck . 
  i 'm speechless . 
  you 're probably going to be disappointed , then . 
  you should remember what show you 're watching . 
  well ... at least we 're getting an episode of green arrow in lot ... 
  whatever you say , mr. killgrave, 
  yeah . 
  with slade it was pretty easy to get over his shitty motivation , since he was otherwise a very good villain , and the season overall was amazing . 
  but now , with a weak villain , a horrible season and the terrible terrible mess that is olicity , these things just keep piling on . 
  some would say they will be the reverse . 
  and , you know , incest . 
  if not the mexicans , make your neighbours pay for it . 
  planet mack , coming to abc this fall !, 
  honestly i found engineer to be the most boring . 
  the drone was pretty useless , so especially with me2 's limited weapons , it was quite boring to just shoot and the occasional incinerate . 
  yes , the end of season 1 is actually really good . 
  season 2 is kind of weak , but starts climbing back up there once they get the lot setup out of the way . 
  i mean , it 's no daredevil or breaking bad , but it is worth watching . 
  i love alfred 's `` even you got too old to die young . 
  not for a lack of trying . '', 
  sets the tone for batman . 
  you probably should watch the ending to iron man 3 again . 
  the very last line is literally `` i am iron man '' . 
  it has nothing to do with him stopping being a superhero . 
  yeah i do n't get how everyone thinks witcher had such a better combat system compared to skyrim . 
  at least in skyrim you could fight in a lot of different ways . 
  everyone keeps going `` lel stealth archer !, 
  '' , but that 's your own choice . 
  in witcher you have one way to fight , and that 's it . 
  and it 's not even that interesting . 
  otherwise witcher 3 was really , really good . 
  is that necessarily a bad thing ? 
  frank 's family got caught in the crossfire . 
  the sting went south , because the blacksmith did n't come and they started shooting . 
  it 's mentioned how a choice was made to not clear the park to make it more believable . 
  so frank just took his family to the wrong place in the wrong time , but i do n't see how it is such a coincidence . 
  well no . 
  it kept the black sky out of the hands ... hands, 
  who says there ca n't be more than one ? 
  maybe they only need one . 
  also i think the coffin is their way of resurrection , not tied to the black sky thing . 
  well , it 's what arrow was . 
  yeah , in the end daredevil won in a way . 
  sure , the punisher still kills - but he is n't a loose cannon aimed at the whole city anymore . 
  not like he was in the beginning . 
  yeah , the whole movie . 
  but i am energy, 
  i 've lost 60 lbs drinking a lot of pepsi max . 
  i 'm sure it is n't healthy , but i do n't think it 's really that bad . 
  water is obviously preferable , but an absolutely perfect diet is n't something i 'm trying to even do . 
  next week we 'll have :, 
  barry traveling back in time to meet his mentor/nemesis , eobard thawne . 
  ra 's al ghul in legends of tomorrow, 
  supergirl/flash crossover, 
  and oh yeah , felicity vs bees . 
  while the green arrow lies helpless on a fucking slab . 
  i 'm done . 
  i know others have said this to you already , but i want to clear it up a little . 
  black marsh is really strong , actually . 
  the argonians are created from normal lizards by the hist-trees to serve their needs . 
  it is similar to bioengineering . 
  so , they need to fight dragons ? 
  flying argonians . 
  oblivion gates open up everywhere ? 
  the argonians went in , and fucking invaded the deadlands . 
  yep , that 's right . 
  the argonians invaded oblivion . 
  talos only got them to be a part of his empire because he is pretty damn close to a god . 
  i do n't know .
