  everything from our language to our post office . 
  then wwii hit and they took a lot of our territory , and ran it to shit . 
  the dunmer do n't really care for the thalmor . 
  i doubt they would get a base in blacklight , of all places . 
  the reachmen being `` peaceful '' is a lot of bullshit . 
  i 'm sorry , but they are savages . 
  they did no such thing as be `` peaceful '' . 
  the empire probably made that up as propaganda . 
  that said , an unified empire is still mankinds only chance to survive the thalmor . 
  the thalmor are n't interested in a war with the dunmer . 
  the dunmer are n't interested in a war with the thalmor . 
  it would be much easier to just make a base in cyrodiil . 
  never got far enough in morrowind to read them , and did n't ever bother to read them on the wikia . 
  but it would n't make sense to make a base in morrowind , when they at the moment have direct access to cyrodiil and skyrim itself . 
  waitwaitwait . 
  hardline * is n't * a dlc ? 
  i 'm sorta having the same thing with skyrim and the dragonborn expansion . 
  solstheim is just so cool to me . 
  well . 
  sovereign , through saren , tried to bring back the reapers . 
  then the reapers traveled for 2 + years for the alpha relay , which then was shepard 'd . 
  it 's not impossible it took them 6 months then to start proper invading . 
  people just really like to yell `` lazy devs !, 
  lazy writing !, 
  the whole of skyrim is really scaled down . 
  the city of windhelm , for example , is huge . 
  not a small town like in skyrim . 
  it just is not possible to create 2 million npcs per city , or more , and have armies of 100 000 fighting an army of similar size . 
  doubtful . 
  skyrim has 9 major cities . 
  let 's say they all have 2 million npcs . 
  basic math , thats 18 million npc 's . 
  now , they all have to be somehow unique . 
  so let 's say , two genders , and randomized shirtcolour . 
  it 's still useless , and that 's a shitload of triangles to load . 
  quality over quantity , i 'd say . 
  yeah , hypixel just got screwed . 
  which is totally good in my opinion . 
  fuck that paytowin shit . 
  that seems . . shady, 
  argonians do n't work like that . 
  the hist take tree lizards , feed them sap and give them black souls . 
  that 's how you get argonians . 
  the series dance in a fire . 
  really good . 
  i did n't say to shut them down . 
  i just hope they 're forced to change their model , since i really like their games , but the ptw aspect ruins them . 
  and you know how that went down . 
  better classes for the blitz survival games , coins etc. 
  generally things that made it easier for you to win . 
  the prices were also pretty ridicilous . 
  the cheapes option , vip , was 25 dollars , with vip + at 50 . 
  there were also 100 and 150 dollar options , but i might remember them a tad bit wrong . 
  i used to really like hypixel . 
  i never bought anything , because i do n't have that kind of money to just throw around . 
  the blitz survival games can be won , even if you 're not a vip . 
  not by skill or anything , but through luck and dirty tactics , like teaming . 
  but that 's possible for vips also . 
  before most of the people on hypixel were vips , there were enjoyable games . 
  you just had to look out for the vip people . 
  but if there were a team of two vips , who also were even moderately good ? 
  you 're getting roflstomped . 
  the walls were a good example of where the vips got much better things , but it did n't necessarily ruin the game . 
  the new walls gamemode . . yeah let 's not even talk about that . 
  you know , if it were a 10 dollars/month deal , with everything available without more cash , i might actually pay it every once in a while , because other than this paytowin stuff , the server is in my opinion the best one out there . 
  they 've just managed to ruin it . 
  sorry for the rant . 
  but with bethesda , that 's expected . 
  no , it 's flat out required . 
  have you ever played the other games there ? 
  most of them are ptw . 
  i can always hope . 
  hypixel would be the dream server for me if not for p2w . 
  your last sentence implies i actually had a hand in this . 
  which i did n't . 
  also , as everyone and their mothers have pointed out , this probably wo n't even change anything . 
  so , go right back to enjoying your vip + kits on blitz survival games . 
  i do n't really agree with either side of this - i hate the p2w model , but i do n't like the `` you can only monetize this in ways majong agrees with '', 
  and anyway , it 's unlikely mojang would even do anything about hypixel continuing to sell shit . 
  so because i 'm white , everyone everywhere expect tumblr likes me ? 
  i heard ya all like me so gim me cash !, 
  you should probably also go to remind those assholes back at school about this fact . 
  it seems they forgot how much they like and respect me . 
  this gon na be so amusing . 
  we 're basicly a bbc nature documentary . 
  even if they see an animal get killed , they are n't allowed to do anything about this . 
  we 're totally like a bbc nature documentary . 
  or animals , galaxies and fictional animals . 
  peter cullen . 
  `` and now , valluzxc is rolling out of the garage ! '', 
  the whole magic thing i can accept . 
  the owls ? 
  fine . 
  but a ginger . 
  with friends . 
  and a girlfriend . 
  that 's just ridicilous . 
  ssv normandy sr1, 
  then proceed to get it oblitirated , and get a better one from a terrorist organization . . yeaah, 
  so , what games ya all playing during the summer ?
