  how hard is this to understand ? 
  i 'll explain this in a way even you might understand . 
  lets say a tr la sees a nc max reloading , with his shield up . 
  for whatever reason , the tr la shoots the shield with his underboss . 
  but the max takes damage . 
  til : all weapons have splash, 
  you ca n't always train them . 
  some cats are morons , some just do n't give a shit . 
  also , if you live in an apartment , next to a big road , like me , it 's just not worth it . 
  i feel so sorry for you guys . 
  seriously , soe , do you even care about your reputation ? 
  i 've stopped buying sc . 
  because of this , and all the other fuck ups . 
  find my way into solitude , and get some work to feed myself , and get some coin . 
  then i 'd find a way to get my ass to cyrodiil , because i do not want to be in a province with a dragon infestation . 
  in cyrodiil , i 'd find a new job . 
  maybe start dabbling in magic and stuff . 
  oh , i like this !, 
  basicly , a dragonborn , who actually kills 'em , would just be completing aka once more ? 
  and then , upon his/her death , akk those souls wouls return to aka ? 
  that 's so cool . 
  so , the dragons are seen as so aggressive , because they ( if they realize it ) strive to complete aka once more ? 
  that would make sense . 
  but then comes along paarthunax , who forces his followers to follow a more peaceful path . 
  does he realize he might be potentially slowing down akas completion ? 
  now , if akatosh truly did absorb alduin , and lbd absorbed miraak , and a ton of other dragons ( atleast the named ones ) , how close would aka be to completion ? 
  i 'd guess tosh raka might be a potentially large part . 
  also , were n't the souls of the past emperors in the amulet of kings ? 
  they were a different kind of dragonborn , yes , but they might count for something ? 
  i guess large part of their power was used in the avatar , but perhaps , if there even is one , the more aka part would now be part of aka again . 
  so you would have liked to walk all the way back out of the dungeon where you get the elder scroll ? 
  so smedley is capable of talking to us , and not only to the h1z1 community . 
  i 'm surprised , actually . 
  how about he addresses briggs ? 
  you mean that `` hundreds are on briggs '' ? 
  i guess it counts . 
  during school years 4 , 5 , 6 ( around ages 11 , 12 and 13 ) i had a really nice teacher . 
  as i was endlessly hilarious , i purposefully called him `` mom '' . 
  it helped once , when i actually slipped , because everyone thought i was being hilarious , as always . 
  i was n't the most popular kid . 
  people like you are the problem . 
  if you would have bothered to watch the video , maybe you would realize the situation . 
  but you just put blind faith in valve , and vac , and someday , it 's going to bite you in the ass . 
  now i feel even more happy that i got an soe account from the start . 
  i bet it 's gon na be real deep . 
  yeah , first night was some scary shit . 
  i remember almost shitting myself , when i returned to my `` house '' , go into the basement , which was n't lit , and facing 2-3 zombies . 
  it captures the basics of the terran republic very nicely , i think , 
  actually they became the skin of numidium , a giant god-killing automaton . 
  they used the heart of lorkhan . 
  ca n't be bothered to find an exact source , but head over the / r/teslore and use the search function . 
  it 's also important to note , they became it 's skin . 
  it was already functional before . 
  numidium is basicly just a huge ass robot , powered by the heart , and later by the mantella . 
  it 's what tiber septim used to conquer summerset isles . 
  it 's that when it 's not active . 
  when it is active , it 's a walking dragon break capable of god knows . 
  was n't there a big outrage or something about this ? 
  yes !, 
  yes !, 
  well , the metrocops are in the service of the combine , so i do n't think it 's outright wrong to call 'em that . 
  yep . 
  and the more you augment , the better privileges you get . 
  which you wo n't use , because you 're the combines bitch now . 
  this is actually how it 's supposed to be used . 
  i 'm happy to wait for a good game . 
  better a long while for an epic journey than a short wait for a shitty game . 
  believe me : i 've tried , as i said , * everything . 
  * multiple times . 
  did not work . 
  done those too , but thanks . 
  i 've tried this too , but thanks anyway . 
  what do you mean with this ? 
  as in , from a console ? 
  my mass effect 3 has never started up on my pc . 
  i try to sometimes be all diplomatic and stuff , but somehow i 'm always seen as a `` warmongering menace to the world '' . 
  oh well , it does n't matter when your army can crush them . 
  borderlands goty - 99, 
  it comes up for mere moments , yeah . 
  it 's up to date for me . 
  did you ever fix your problem ? 
  i think the enantiomorph is just * one * of the things to make someone into a god . 
  you also must be very powerful , or something to the like ( chim ? 
  heart of lorkhan ? 
  ) , the enantiomorph is just the `` booster '' . 
  i 'd guess the three in it would also need to be somewhat significant - a farmers son killing the farmer to get the farm while his mother watches probably would not end in godhood . 
  [ the first war ] ( https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8949791/1/mass-effect-the-first-war ) is really good . 
  basicly one take on what if humanity had developed differently . 
  i honestly think it 's the best fic out there . 
  i got this too yesterday . 
  on hard , of course . 
  ps3 , because me3 does n't work on my pc . 
  also , i hate shooting with the controller . 
  i kinda like it . 
  can we just stop this ? 
  first few posts were funny , now it 's just annoying . 
  eh , guess some people like a joke even when it 's told 20 times . 
  this is not a satirical or circlejerk subreddit . 
  this is a serious subreddit with satirical/circlejerk elements . 
  from the sidebar .
