  that 's fair enough , i 'm just saying a global government might not be as peaceful as you might think, 
  have you forgotten about a thing called a civil war . 
  how many of those native speakers have jobs ? 
  for poor countries with bad job prospects , yeah, 
  really uk , spanish ? 
  must be all the people thinking of going abroad for a fucking holiday . 
  i meant that saying a website is american osnt a defence, 
  its best to keep the moral high ground . 
  the last thing we need is to give them more support, 
  implying the internet is american ... 
  if your onlu defence is that this website is american then you need to rethink it, 
  angered people forget this too easily . 
  no , people are saying the video is unbiased because they agree with him , others are saying that he is n't unbiased and are apparently wrong . 
  speculation and opinion can still be biased . 
  lots of people are saying how unbiased he is . 
  clearly false . 
  cgp grey supports remain and you can really tell in this video . 
  seems inaccurate , the uk is above 50 % for most of these if not all , yet they voted for brexit, 
  they will after gaining citizenship, 
  well tbf the voting only closed at 10 . 
  will probably be a lib dem labour coalition at the next ge , in which case , more welfare . 
  he also said it could be used on schools and many other things throughout the campaign , he never guaranteed the nhs would get the money , he said he 'd like to see it spent there , hardly as big a deal as people are making it out to be . 
  tbf his campaign never used those numbers , just a guy distancing himself from a number he never used, 
  almost everyone votes with some sort of emotional reason to back their decision, 
  i think we need more meme 's it 's the only thing that can save us . 
  ftse down dow down s&p down nasdaq down dax down china and most asian indices , down, 
  it 'd hand ukip a victory at the next ge 100 %, 
  and acting holier than thou is not a way to win people over . 
  voting is always emotional and it seems the remain camp forgot that . 
  it 's literally nothing . 
  they voted knowing that there was an eu ref incoming , so much for scotland wanting to be part of a community that votes for their greater good . 
  either they believe in the democratic result of the uk or they leave and reject democracy . 
  i think this is the end for farage , he wanted to resign in the past , now he reached it 's goal it 's time for ukip to evolve with a new face, 
  i think a lot of people on the left are n't moving to the right , but are becoming more classically liberal , while the politicians are becoming more authoritarian . 
  speaking for myself i 'd rather have a liberal right nation that an authoritarian left nation . 
  sounds sexist , but a dead mother at that !, 
  there was a shooting that some of the media said was a brexit terrorist attack , he was making fun of that . 
  inb4 no reform, 
  he did n't do it for independence though did he ? 
  i mean if he shot any mp it would likely be a remain mp . 
  t'was the euro and the ever increasing expansion and protectionist policies . 
  besides the fact that the uk is a very large economy , with natural resources and a strong financial centre that will likely not shrink majorly . 
  i wonder how this will affect the other nations , will the budget be cut ? 
  will the payments required be raised ? 
  because it breaks up the vote into digestable areas . 
  also it 's how the votes are counted and collected ,, 
  the vote is of the total population , the areas are just there to see the national divides . 
  isle of man probably included in another area, 
  the left has forgotten the people it used to support , now those people are turning to parties which speak to them and listen to their concerns . 
  the lib dems have lost all support , the greens have lost some support , labour has lost some of it 's support , only the cons and ukip have gained in the past years . 
  this holier-than-thou attitude seen from the left will destroy it and hand victory to the right on a silver platter . 
  more like fix the left . 
  this is / r/europe not / r/eu, 
  there is ... but there would be riots and the conservatives would never be voted in again . 
  just shows , money is n't everything . 
  no , very high turnout, 
  the paper is pretty left leaning , i wouldnt call it unbiased . 
  most likely not the case , far left and right ideals come from when a population has issues that go unsolved for a long time . 
  you do n't often see stable nations lurch left or right . 
  how many of those revolutions took place in a nation where the people had easy access to weapons , where their country was under a tight propaganda grip . 
  sure there were revolutions where there was propaganda , but not compared to nk . 
  plus what are they going to revolt with ? 
  their army is one of the largest in the world , the only way a revolution could happen would be if it were a military coup . 
  denmark , belgium and maybe poland, 
  so naive, 
  your not alone , university student here in liberal democrat cardiff ( untill recently ) i feel cold and alone . 
  oh yeah i do n't really mind where they move their money , it 'll come back to us after a few years out of the eu . 
  but they wo n't they are going to the usa instead . 
  those ai artists rely on laws created by people to determine what looks good or sounds good , they can not make something genuinely new that has never been truly conceptually thought about . 
  for example would a computer with the same ai capability be able to invent and take advantage of electricity if it were around when it was first discovered ? 
  no im presuming that humans dont need to do just 1 job or are bred to only do one kind of thing . 
  machines will still struggle with things such as creativity and imagination , people who think there will be no jobs are overedtimating machines or underestimating people . 
  what about all those people that were replaced by steam powered sowing machines ? 
  or those people that did all the filing before computers ? 
  what about the farm hands ? 
  the problem with the horse analogy is that it presumes ( falsely ) that humans , like horses , can only do a very limited set of tasks . 
  for example a horse can not choose to set-up his own horse gallery for horse painters . 
  i 'd understand if you had said `` train drivers will go the way of the horse '' , because train drivers are like horses in that they perform specific tasks . 
  however unlike horses a human can be retrained to do a vast number of different things . 
  including building computers . 
  how many horses have built a car ? 
  a lot of people see being aggressive as a negative trait in modern society , if anything men are hounded for being too aggressive . 
  i would n't call it a uniquely positive or negative trait . 
  m8 , we are a sexually dimorphic species , men are stronger than women physically , women and men behave and think in different ways that lead to them wanting different things . 
  sure you can say things like `` women liking pink and men liking blue is a social construct '' but saying something like `` women and men have the same thought process when it come to caring '' or `` women and men enjoy competative sport equally '' is simply naive . 
  nothing the guy said was sexist , he might be wrong about certain things , but being wrong about women does n't make you a sexist . 
  they were also the most accurate ge polls if i remember correctly . 
  literally one dude . 
  sinn fein and the ira have a long history of opposing israel , supporting palestine , supporting communists and supporting islamic governments : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/provisional_irish_republican_army#support_from_other_countries_and_organisations, 
  yikes , always need to read the small print , thank you for the detailed explanation . 
  do n't break the conditioning, 
  business insider and the independent have been going down hill very fast over the past year or two, 
  i thought belgium or the netherlands or something had a referendum on this and voted against it ? 
  nah instead you are mentally unstable terrorist supporting sinn fein voters . 
  that no dual citizenship , ouch . 
  i dont think anti fa would defend me xd, 
  looks like gds poll numbers are due a small uptick th ,, 
  i havnt seen anti fa defend anything, 
  what about phones though ? 
  so ... we dont know where this persons allegiance lies ?
