  yeah if they were the most culturally influential , richest and powerful nation in the wrld and literally policed the world . 
  they are the strongest nation in the world right now so id say they are great right now . 
  this is why i really dislike ideas such as government dna databases etc. 
  plus the water doesnt smell as bad . 
  rents are low but property has been bough up by large companies so ive heard . 
  set up the company outside of europe ? 
  those studies had questionable methodology ie . 
  they only took evidance from higher income immigrants . 
  plus immigration is not a long term solution but a short sighted one . 
  independant is more left than the guardian these days, 
  they over estimated their previous numbers which was revised down in 2011 so it looks like a small increase when its actually quite a bit larger, 
  do migrants not age ? 
  more like ideological, 
  hmmmmm true i just thought it might revert to previous conditions that we saw in warmer periods of history, 
  you do n't need to be racist . 
  when different cultures migrate out of desperation we get war . 
  it is fairly consistent throughout history, 
  if the earth warmed would n't we see a climate similar to that of the ancient eygypt and rome where italy and northern africa were extremely fertile due to the milder climate ? 
  this month but it wo n't be for a long time now since it will get earlier and earlier, 
  banning grain imports is not the historical version of being against benifits, 
  same guy portrayed in pirates of carribean or different salazar ? 
  quite true and these people do not help the rational case against islam and the strange want to welcome muslims unconditionally in some countries . 
  if anything hard brexit got a massive mandate except its between two opposite parties . 
  lib dems and ukip have surprisingly good manifestos, 
  labour support brexit :p, 
  getting one of the largest medical fields in the world home to pretty much the most important medical research on earth with some of the most citated medical papers on average . 
  and / r/britishsuccess, 
  http://www.swissinfo.ch/eng/lie-detector_fake-news-spotting-tool-gets-better/43035358 okay fair enough i was thinking about german laws , but the eu are funding programs like the above . 
  not all younger voters might be left wing , only those that turn up . 
  are n't the eu doing this as well ? 
  you should look at purchasing power to get a good idea of what 's going on , and we are n't doing too badly on that front : http://popsop.com/wp-content/uploads/gfk-purchasing-power_-europe-2014.png, 
  but the deficit has shrunk , labour would 've grown the debt further . 
  as a south african who moved to the uk i can say that it 's very hard for people to assimilate and understand a culture they have n't grown up in . 
  the main thing for me is people need to get involved in sports or similar activities to understand the local culture . 
  i 'm sorry but economics are n't my priority , culture is my priority and is the priority of many people across europe , and the fact that the eu seems to think culture extends to the point of building a few theatres and statues shows that they have no understanding of why people dislike it . 
  the eu is a western political centre and does n't understand eastern european cultures and politics . 
  as the eu focuses more and more on economics and less and less on culture , and with merkle and macron at the helm i doubt this will change , we wo n't see the eu last much longer . 
  by the very nature of the eu it will make all of europe have similar cultures and become less distinct . 
  the main reason is the freedom of movement and inter connectedness of politics that will be most responsible especially as the eu becomes more federal . 
  as in cultures becoming very similar across all of europe . 
  sure but we need to avoid harmonising cultures too much in the eu, 
  i. . . i ca n't even tell anymore, 
  i 'm sorry but that 's just plain wrong , very few doctors and engineers came from these countries , got any statistics to back up that these people have been a positive influence for europe ? 
  because from what i can tell a lot of these people are not being positive influences on society and are well known throughout europe to be committing crimes on a far larger scale than nearly every other type of resident ? 
  just out of 40k i love it hahaha, 
  i like how this shows the east europeans as evil people who are angry and hateful of migrants while western europeans and muslims are loving and peaceful . 
  also border guards are scum m ` kay . 
  this is being funded by eu tax payer money as well by the way . 
  nonono , only men can be the foolish ones , like in the sitcoms . 
  i was on about policing the prevention of private property and currency , not policing in general . 
  would n't essentials see inflation ? 
  you cant have anarchism without hierarchies because that is impossible to `` police '' without a state which would be a hierarchy in and of itself . 
  the only realistic form of a non governmental system would be an-capitalism in which hierarchy is accepted as natural and the state is non existent . 
  also an capism is the most free , the reason for this is that in an-cap ideology you can start your own an-com area but in an-com societies most anarchists agree that things like private property and currency would exist so you wouldnt be allowed to form an an-cap society in an an-com one . 
  at the end of the day capitalism . 
  private property , currency , free markets and division of labour are all very natural to humans and in my opinion inherently would be where an an-com society would end up . 
  of course anarchism is dumb to begin with . 
  i dont think that , im right wing but le pen and her party are dangerous . 
  we ca n't base our ideas of national socialism on the policies of the nazis , sure they have a less racist stance but they stand for socialisation of economy to help french citizens and a strong patriotic nation that will stand up to it 's enemies . 
  sure we ca n't say they are nazis but they are at the very least trying to put forward a patriotic vision of socialism . 
  i 'm just expressing the views of that people have , it does n't matter how accurate it is , what matters is how people view it . 
  her economics are socialist and her social policies are at the very least right wing if not far right . 
  does n't mean much , germany has seen both extreme right wing and extreme left wing in it 's history so it 's probably one of the least likely countries to go extreme right now . 
  especially because germany is likely the one viewed befitting most economically from the eu . 
   well , getting rid of the alt-right le pen is definitely a plus . 
  there is still the parliamentary vote to go , where her party will get a decent percentage , if not be one of the largest parties from what i 've heard . 
  if we do n't see things change for the better in france and the eu we will see a communist or a national socialist winning the next election . 
  whats your opinion on the communists picking up more support ? 
  especially with their being no left wing option for this election . 
  i do know that the socialists are a lot more popular in france . 
  what about other euro-skeptic parties ? 
  such as the communists . 
  the idea of centralising power , mostly . 
  french people do n't like the polish deciding their laws , greeks do n't like germans deciding their laws etc. 
  the more powers and laws that are layed down by the eu the more people will become skeptical . 
  35 % of the population of an eu nation just voted for a national socialist . 
  macron was going to win , but the rise of the far right and far left has n't stopped in europe . 
  give it time and in my opinion we will see a far right or left wing government in charge of france , and that to me is terrifying . 
  french people , what do you think will happen in future elections ? 
  do you think fn and the communists will keep rising ? 
  i honestly think that unless the eu changes , the eu will face the worrying possibility of le pen or her successor doing far better in the next election . 
  although i doubt even then that they 'd be elected , it 'd be very possible that the race will be closer . 
  if the eu again continues onward with current policy , we could see a far right or far left president of france in 2 elections time . 
  opinions ? 
  not all emails may be stored on the same server ? 
  would n't this complicate things ? 
  especially if there are a lot of personal email servers being used . 
  implying wikileaks are hired , got any evidence ? 
  or is your evidence as thin as the evidence of russians hacking these emails as of right now . 
  you trust macron ? 
  no i read it from you 're other comments . 
  the staff are speaking on behalf of the party , as with every other email leak of every corporation and party , no one cares about the staff , people care about the content of the emails and what it says about the party , in this case . 
  the staffers personal privacy is not being invaded , unless we randomly discover the staffers are having an affair or something , in which case i will agree . 
  they ca n't , but the owner ca n't do it for this amount of emails either . 
  what campaign staff would be sending personal emails from their work email ? 
  the content of the emails are what people are interested in , no one gives a flying fuck about the staff . 
  do you ? 
  you seem to think the leak is russian with no evidence other than your feels as well . 
  because there are 9gb of emails ? 
  how would the macron team even remember if something was fake or not .
