   its like a memory . 
  incomplete and half forgotten , but it feels good . 
   the perfect bait for conservatives that lack self reflection . 
  i do n't think many people actually believe that this was a realistic outlook , it 's like asking future generations to believe that everyone looked like our posters for watches and perfume . 
  it was an ideal , something people wanted to be or looked upto and thus does represent the culture and history of your nation . 
  i know you probably like to imagine the right wing as deluded , dumb , old , low information voters but they are capturing the younger generation both educated and uneducated , you watch the right wing will be in the same position as a left wing was 10 years ago in the next 15 years of course this is only my opinion . 
  looking stereotypically german is still looking german , it 's like saying you do n't look french if you wear a stripey shirt , carry round a baguette , wear a flat black cap and keep shouting about how much you need the loo , then you people will think `` he looks french '' even if he is n't french . 
  we all wish that we were that man once in our lives , if your women i 'm sorry but all you got is mary poppins, 
  could n't help myself, 
  the nations do n't have to be united , but when you depend on the same currency , then the people with the most control over your economy/currency control you . 
  i 'm not saying it will be in 5 years or 10 years , but a lot changes in 10 years so imagine what it will be like in 20 after politicians have a few dinners at edf 's expense, 
  we werent even talking about a european army seriously 10 years ago . 
  now we are considering it , in 10 years time it could see its first inception . 
  with federalised military why not share energy ? 
  there are only a few places in europe that can be dammed so we should share that energy ? 
  first it will be a join european dam , then it will be large nuclear plants or wind/solar farms i mean your already approaching budget sharing with european union money , its not a big wonder that , that funding and tax level could be increased . 
  basically the united states of europe is inevitable . 
  its only a question of when , we need to compete with china and the usa after all . 
  you can be communist in a capitalist state , you can get a commune together and create a community that way , you will still need to abide by the rules of the nation you live in though . 
  its hardly comparable to trying to rise up or make your life better in a communist state . 
  oh sorry ... did n't realize it was an / s, 
  they used to say that about defense and currency too . 
  ~ ~ you get power outages ... are you living in the fucking third world ? ~ ~ edit nvm see below , misunderstanding . 
  fucking scotsmen these days, 
  good luck getting everyone to join in on your communist venture , what happens when people do n't want to be communist in a communist state ? 
  look bro , not gon na lie but libertarian socialism is n't going to happen . 
  unless you oppose communism that is , then your gulag tier, 
  tagged `` probably a communist '' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chr5ly3trwm, 
  any alt-right/far right people love ( in a i hate you but you help me way ) the regressive left , they agree on a lot of things , although they would never admit it . 
  they also make the political spectrum shift to the right . 
  not the fault of the swedish that only 1 party takes a half-rational stance to immigration . 
  fair enough then . 
  fair enough your right : http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/6228236.stm, 
  he just said  pressure on services mostly , we were n't prepared or offered the choice of controlling it because our government lied to us . 
  hes not saying polish people are inherently evil , he is just saying that a large increase of people , a majority of which were eastern european , put pressure on our public services, 
  with the latest refugee deal did n't they say they would fast track turkey 's entrance into the eu as part of the deal ? 
  ~ ~ because going over land is easier than going by sea . ~ ~ edit : i was wrong : http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/6228236.stm, 
  our current prime minister wants them to join . 
  yeah but its being rocketed by arabs, 
  europe once again has become hostile to jews , jews just move to japan it 's clear the rest of the world does n't deserve you . 
  hardly , the british do not hate the germans , nor do we have `` comedians '' bashing on germans on our tv . 
  this man is clearly just trying to be its current year man 2.0, 
  however you are ignoring their support they got well over 3 million votes in the last election and could do very well in the next election especially with the recent turkey situation . 
  people would just move to germany instead, 
  i was talking more about your opinion rather than law . 
  they are n't claiming asylum, 
  well we would no longer `` prevent '' them from returning to france ... then what ? 
  oh wait we are back at the start . 
  we would if you `` sent '' them here but refusing to check their documents . 
  or maybe they 'll get there illegally in the same manner they got here ? 
  there are endless ways . 
  itt : mad frenchies making threats they wo n't carry out . 
  we will call your bluff france , we 'll send these illegals back if they step on foot onto our soil , then what ? 
  now you have un-contained migrants roaming the french countryside ... good luck guys, 
  oh come on ? 
  are you this dumb you ca n't tell the difference between a political union and a continent . 
  i guess you do n't know the difference between the usa and north america right ? 
   that , it 's a matter for the french police though , the uk can hardly react to it , unless france is happy for the uk to deploy troops to calais . . 
  it 's only fair that we reclaim our lands , what do you say france ? 
  you give us a few migrants and we get calais back ? 
  so your agreeing ... that countries with terrorist problems should be made to check passports before allowing people to enter a country ? 
  i guess the ball is in france 's court now . 
  okay yeah , not gunna argue with someone who ca n't understand that the political game and being a good politician for your nation are n't the same thing . 
  just because your good at politics does n't mean you were good for your nation ... why ca n't you understand the difference between being good at politics and playing the political game , and being good at helping your nation and country , they are entirely different things . 
  you would be deluded to think he has no political skill . 
  you seem to misunderstanding the difference between admiring political skill and admiring the polices he is putting in place, 
  so all your saying is that if suddenly the supply of a product was suddenly raised it 's price would go down . 
  wow why has no one thought of this . 
  i dunno , pepper spray seems pretty popular :p, 
  if there is one constant , arms manufacturers always win, 
  yeah , but it 's called brexit , at least in the uk, 
  as someone who supports brexit , i also 100 % support a sort of science alliance for esa and cern funding . 
  lessons on how to push countries into russia 's influence . 
  step 1 : do everything listed in article step 2 : ... 
  because basing an economy entirely on population growth is sustainable . 
  so a statement not worth of recognition then . 
  meme magic requires a grass roots movement though, 
  they have a thing for evil historical people . 
  by the same guys that did hellsing , the art is basically identical . 
  fewer gay undertones in the anime it seems , apart from muscular men and a slightly effeminate side character, 
  they have witnessed thr power of meme magic and wish to harness it . 
  meps opinion , not peoples opinions . 
  meps are too disconnected from their nations actual voting populace for this poll to even matter . 
  it would certainly be interesting and useful to have something like this on hand , even if it is lithuanian centric . 
  while i phrased it as a joke i certainly do think the uk would benefit from federation . 
  clearly thats the idea . 
  the euro is entirely designed to benifit germany and france . 
  maybe they could join a federated united kingdom ;d, 
  wait , how will it generate growth ? 
  maybe in hogh tax nations like germany and france , but buissness will flee smaller economies since they will have no benifit compared to nations like germany, 
  i thought his blog was pretty reliable ? 
  fortunately nations are n't people, 
  i love the euro 's downvoting you because they think they are better than non-euro 's, 
  thought as much, 
  i 'm as angry as you are about this , but i 'd rather they get paid 400e a month than they are forced to steal , although i 'm pretty sure they probably will still steal . 
  exclude since the uk has n't left the eu yet , ca n't wait for the next olympics if the uk leaves before it, 
  ahhh i see . 
  can someone explain what this phrase means , i understand it means `` we can make it '' or something like that , but what is the `` cultural '' implication of this phrase ? 
  also , weak people also show their weakness . 
  stop spouting shit you do n't understand .
