  this is the same violent neonazi movement discussed in this thread : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6gs143/swedish_neonazis_suspected_of_several_bombings_in/, 
  parts of swedish territory are considered highly strategically important by both nato and russia in a conflict between them . 
  sweden is already heavily aligned with nato and russia might want to perform a preventive attack against sweden for that reason as part of a larger campaign in the baltic area . 
  the first and main territory of interest is gotland , a large swedish island in the middle of the baltic sea . 
  place heavy anti air and other weapon systems there and you control most of the airspace of the baltic sea , and will make any nato maneuvering in the area very difficult . 
  similarly , nato also counts on access to airfields in southern sweden , and these proved instrumental in the efforts to retake lost territory in the baltic states in their latest wargame ( where nato generals plan attacks and defense of the baltic states ) . 
  https://www.rand.org/content/dam/rand/pubs/research_reports/rr1200/rr1253/rand_rr1253.pdf edit : realized my source does not mention gotland , the information cited above is from the swedish royal military academy 's official publication on the possible threat against sweden , where the invasion of gotland as part of a larger campaign against the baltic states is one of three possible scenarios detailed . 
  the source is in swedish , but has a few nice pictures to get somewhat of an idea . 
  this comment might have severely triggered france and the baltic states , among others . 
  in sweden , a lot of the brexit discussion was about how aligned swedish and british policy were , and we lost a more powerful voice for our own interests . 
  and i think europeans are to diverse and proud to ever accept the eu evolving into a federal superstate , although personally i wish for deeper ties on defense , crime , counterterrorism , energy and environmental issues . 
  also europeannationalism , which is literally european 2.0 . 
  is this specific to / r/europe or is this how most/many subs operate ? 
  i 've been wondering how and if subs keep track of borderline users . 
  no , but at the same time it is important that leaders such as merkel and macron make these statements , as they 're bound to carry more weight than if the leaders of sweden and romania did the same thing . 
  and as i said in another response , the eu : s strength is our strength especially when it comes to economy and foreign policy . 
  it 's a term which was used about the united states in opposition to the soviet union during the cold war . 
  now it 's being used as a jab against trump since it seems he 'd prefer to rule like authoritarian leaders such as putin , erdogan , duterte and king al-saud who can get things done without annoying limiting factors such as a functioning justice system , civil rights and a free press . 
   seth rich yeah !, 
  not to mention faking the moon landing , sinking the city of atlantis and hiding their true nature as old testament reading masonic banker lizards !, 
  it 's mostly a joke about how germany and france are way more powerful than most other eu-countries , in the end i realize that their strength is every eu member 's strength , especially when it comes to things like economy and foreign policy . 
  i know she 's been ruling for a long time , just did n't realize exactly * how * long . 
  maybe because i 'm old enough to remember gerhard schr\u00f6der . 
   [ putin brings dogs to meetings with merkel ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/vladimir-putin/12094074/vladimir-putin-denies-setting-his-dog-on-angela-merkel.html ) well , til . 
  also , holy shit , i did n't realize that merkel had been in power for over a decade already !, 
  i , for one , welcome our new german-french overlords as leaders of the free world . 
  it 's great to see european leaders stand tall and united in the face of authoritarian strongmen , whether among our allies or our adversaries . 
  my point was the `` attack '' does n't mean anything in regards to trump 's relation to russia as it obviously barely did any damage to anything . 
  the attack was all about showboating and creating a distraction from the fbi investigation and other embarassments , which the media ate up for a while . 
  '' * the attack makes donald trump look presidential * '' . 
  congratulations , you mildly scorched an empty field . 
   whatabout not relevant for the discussion . 
   if trump is pro-russian for bombing assad that 's not what i said , i said that specific `` attack '' on syria is not proof of trump being anti-russian . 
  you mean the pretty little fireworks display on a cleared airfield , which he warned russia ( and therefore syria ) of in advance , the airfield which was operational a few hours later ? 
  - [ the trump administration warned russia about the u.s. missile attack on syria ] ( http://time.com/4730306/donald-trump-vladimir-putin-russia-missile-attack-bashar-assad/ ) - [ assad shrugs off trump 's strike , uses just-hit airbase to bomb rebels ] ( http://foreignpolicy.com/2017/04/07/assad-shrugs-off-trumps-strike-uses-just-hit-airbase-to-bomb-rebels/ ), 
  we also have the word * skadegl\u00e4dje * . 
  guess what it means ? 
  hah , we have the same word , * fackidiot * in swedish !, 
   and the state does n't use violence to stop violent thugs ? 
  as a last resort , yes - in self defense or to defend others in immediate danger . 
  otherwise , no . 
  i 'm not afraid of being beat up or unfairly treated by swedish police , so i respect them as representatives of the state . 
  do you feel like that about georgian police ? 
  say , you get drunk , some assholes provoke you and your friends into a fight and the police show up . 
  would you feel confident knowing you had done nothing wrong and police would calmly deescalate the situation and get an idea of exactly what happened ? 
  or are they more likely to run in , beat up and arrest everyone present ? 
   so then what makes you an ethnic swede if swedes have no cultural identity as you imply . 
  are you just a global citizen at this point ? 
  ethnicity is irrelevant to me , blood does n't determine what person you are . 
  what makes me a swede is the cultural and societal norms that has defined our country for hundreds of years : individualism , personal freedom , sense of duty . 
  in modern sweden , i 'd add democracy and respect for our laws and institutions as a consequence of that . 
  i do n't care about your ethnicity if you work hard , follow the law and do n't try to impose your will on others . 
   this might be new to you , but harsh prison systems are actually a good way of decreasing crime in poor countries . 
  yes , because poor countries generally have poorly functioning governments and legal systems , in which the citizenry lacks faith . 
  but people do n't become criminals because they 're born bad , but because of socioeconomic reasons , having few future prospects , a hard life , abusive homes etc are the roots of crime . 
  the reason sweden has less crime than georgia is n't because we 're ethnically superior to georgians , it 's because we have a rich , stable society which takes care of every citizen , allows them freedom , free education and good prospects of changing their own situation . 
  this also goes for criminals , once they 're out of prison all i hope is they get a job , work , pay taxes , and stay legal . 
  studies show that this happens more in countries with milder punishment , where focus is to reform and not punish because revenge feels good . 
  and as i said , we should * demand * that new immigrants take advantage of these things in our system before they can become citizens and enjoy equal rights . 
   i do n't think pride and aggression for self-defence is stupid it 's not self defense if the state can deal with people in better ways ; in sweden , those erdogan thugs would never have gotten close to the demonstrators , because there would be heavy barricades separating them . 
  no one would respect the state using unnecessary violence , it would only lessen our faith in our government . 
  intelligent people use their brains instead of their fists . 
   i was speaking about punishment of foreigners and non-natives . 
  tolerating them is a weakness the idea that every citizen should be treated 100 % equally is an absolute foundation of democracy . 
  swedish nationalists talk about this like you do , but i feel nothing in common with * many * swedes . 
  i 've grown up with friends from the former yugoslavia , south america , northern africa and other places , and i 've traveled to many places around the world , and in many ways i feel i have more in common with liberal , educated people from bogot\u00e1 or beograd than i have with people from rural sweden 30 minutes away from me . 
   do you know why so many georgian criminals went to europe in mid 2000s ? 
  because we had a massive crackdown on crime and the prison system became much stricter and today georgia has less crime and better recidivism than scandinavia ? 
   i am glad you mentioned breivik . 
  and you really think you showed him who is the boss because now he sits and plays ps2 and still has a what many would consider a comfortable lifestyle ? 
  yes , because he strengthened our faith in democracy and completely failed in making norwegians hate eachother . 
  he wanted to be a warrior and a martyr , but he 's some loser crying over video games for the rest of his life . 
   and you mentioned nurnberg ? 
  was n't it like 12 or 11 people that they executed after the trials ? 
  sure , many of them got executed but the important thing is history will always have a record detailing exactly what and why they committed their crimes . 
  just like breivik . 
   you should n't take shit from a foreigner . 
  a foreigner must be grateful that you took him in and gave him an opportunity , not the other way around . 
  i 'll concede that we 've been too weak in placing demands on immigrants , and our ( speaking about sweden specifically now ) politicians really had no idea of how to integrate and pretended the problem did n't even exist for a long time , which was bad of course . 
  placing demands on new immigrants to learn the language , get a job , enter into job training or get an education and deporting non-citizens who commit crimes is one thing , but the whole mentality that foreigners are less worthy and should be on their knees kissing our feet would only promote disunity and make it even harder to integrate people into our society . 
  this has nothing to do with treatment of people from other countries or cultures , everyone is equal in the face of our law , as it should be in any fair and democratic society . 
  the difference is what you call `` respect '' we see as stupid machismo at best and an abusive state at worst . 
  citizens should have strong rights of protection against violence from the state , which should be used only when absolutely necessary . 
  this makes people trust in the state and the system , and if you do n't believe me all you have to do is compare the criminal situations of the `` weak '' west compared to anywhere else in the world . 
  choose any country in for example the middle east , central asia , south america or wherever you want , where citizens have less rights and the state 's security forces can beat up , torture or even kill citizens with impunity . 
  choose any country that 's `` tough on crime '' and compare their criminal statistics , and more importantly , recidivism - you 'll see that scandinavian countries , where people are treated well and police can not beat you up for no reason are world leaders in that regard . 
  the ultimate example is the terrorist anders behring breivik , who , if you 're unaware , called himself a `` white chrisitian crusader '' who wanted to spark a civil war between pure chrisitian norweigians and evil brown foreigners . 
  he did this by first bombing norway 's government hq , killing 8 and then murdering almost 70 children for belonging to a leftist party which he blamed for immigration . 
  he wanted to die and become a martyr for his cause , but the norweigian police managed to take him alive . 
  did people march in the street , demanding he be executed , tortured and so on ? 
  no , they wanted him to stand trial , just like the nazis at n\u00fcrnberg . 
  the democratic society which he tried to attack and destroy won and we feel pride in that . 
  today , this wannabe warrior and martyr sits in a cell and plays rayman on playstation 2 and complains that he does n't get access to video games for grown-ups , or that they only gave him an old typewriter instead of a computer . 
  you call this weakness , we call this civilization . 
   as far as i 'm concerned , the police should have beat the bodyguards bloody . 
  eh , this is the response of a second-rate dictatorship , like what what they 'd do in turkey . 
  the delegation and the protesters should have been properly separated by barriers so the police could have maintained better control over the situation . 
  under the circumstances they seemed to have done a good job . 
  also , i hate trump as much as any slightly left leaning liberal would , but this is not his fault as [ similar things have happened in the u.s. under obama ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/mar/31/turkish-president-erdogan-washington-dc-brookings ) . 
  [ here 's a brutal video from the event ] ( https://twitter.com/i/videos/tweet/864631567972540417 ) .
