/ r/forwardsfromgrandma, 
  does n't the article make that clear ? 
  he 's in the ukraine . . not a non-story as far as i 'm concerned . 
  then it depends what we mean by `` biker '' , i must concede . 
   even bikers show respect . 
  bikers are pretty big on respect you know , but i get your sentiment . 
   edit : i 've just realised i sound like i belong in / r/iamverysmart [ 1 ] but i promise , i just like words :( way too concise and informed for / r/iamverysmart , do n't worry . 
  for a megabyte , it 's loads . 
  i mean how long does it take to burn through a megabyte these days , even on a smartphone ? 
  bad example . 
  cocaine is [ not physically addictive , merely psychologically addictive . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cocaine_dependence ), 
  he got it from [ blackadder goes forth ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2dcexerosa ) . 
  ah , yeah gotcha , this was small potatoes by comparison . 
  germany also did a good job in that respect . 
  photos like this . 
  probably the photographer 's idea . 
  totally unbiased news source too . 
  `` rent-a-crowd '' crusties usually . 
  sorry , what was the point of this entire submission again ? 
  i do n't mean `` fuck him '' , i just mean , as i said above , this makes the picture irrelevant to the point being made by the caption . 
  we can all see you 're obviously very compassionate and care for your fellow man , which is clearly all you 're trying to demonstrate here from your armchair . 
  well done . 
  if he 's a drug addict , then it 's got fuck all to do with the `` reality of the economic crisis '' , it could happen anywhere . 
  and he 'll probably sell the next set too . 
   is this irony coming from someone living in the commonwealth , home of the east india company . 
  just about every country has had a go at empire building , some more successfully than others . 
  totally irrelevant . 
  surely the elephant in the room is that they were dirt poor and pretty fucked in general after years of communism and eu membership turned things around for them this is not the case for the `` original '' countries . 
  or am i oversimplifying things ? 
   blatant lie tangible rage there - do n't hold back !, 
  just off out actually . 
  enjoy your saturday and forgive my ad-hominem . 
  take it easy mate , we 're all good people just with different opinions . 
  why wrap that shit up in a proxy ? 
  why not just say `` you rightists are darn wrong about that , er , press thing !!, 
  god darn it !! '', 
  oh yeah , it looks fucking stupid . 
  what are you talking about - did you even read what was written in the thread ? 
  mr `` here 's a map that proves you wrong '' provided a map that was , in terms of which state got refugees , wrong , because a very large proportion of the refugees currently in germany are in `` reception centres '' which are not counted on the map . 
  i stated simply that we have 5 such centres in my local area . 
  you came along and said basically : `` checkmate nazi '' for some reason best known to yourself , looking like a clueless cunt in the process . 
   everyone was so friendly and were smiling . 
  i live in the former ddr and that 's been my experience too . 
  it is a nice city . . 
  apparently though , it 's full of `` the other/ossis/nazis '' , so it must be shit . 
  at least that 's what we 're told by those pushing a particular agenda regardless of facts . 
  if you read your link , you 'll see this sentence :  in germany , a quota system is used to distribute refugees and asylum-seekers among german states . 
  this system allocates a specific percentage of asylum applicants , based on tax receipts and population numbers , to each state . 
  proportionally , population centres will see the same impact from refugees . 
  edit : one more  what is not clear , however , is how many of these people are living in reception centres at any one time . 
  asylum applicants in germany are required to stay in a reception facility when they first arrive for up to six months ( this was previously three months ) . 
  we have five large reception centres in our neighbourhood . . hmm . . 
  source ? 
  i only say that because i live in the `` old gdr '' as you put it , and there are many , many refugees . 
  plus the fact they are being deliberately , evenly distributed as a matter of course . 
  yeah , i 'm sure the locals were out with pitchforks . 
  how do i know ? 
  i live in a very ( afd voting ) `` ossi '' area and the locals leave the refugees , tons of them here , well alone . 
  most of the time they sit around pots of tea chatting , or are bumping up customer numbers in the local spielhallen ( and giving the impression that they can very much take care of themselves ) . 
  i do n't think it occurs to 99 % of local people to have anything to do with them to be honest . 
  this kind of thing always was publicised . 
  in fact today , we 're likely to hear * less * if anything because of the kid gloves being worn by the press in the current climate . 
  the actual , syrian suspect appears to have lived there un-harrassed . 
  they are putting just as many refugees in the east as they are in the west . 
  they 're putting just as many refugees in the east as anywhere else . 
  well put . 
   this is just so weird to me . 
  they took your jerbs ? 
  well , first of all : be more competitive . 
  second : this was entirely legal at the time and even encouraged . 
  who are you talking to , apart from people you wish to show that you 're `` right on '' ? 
  textbook straw-man . 
  yes , but `` right thinking '' people who voted leave want to wail and gnash their teeth . 
  and make sure that everyone knows they 're thinking the `` right '' things . 
  i would n't bother arguing with people like this . 
  he 's already accusing you of `` justifying a hate crime '' , it can only slide further . 
  what fatuous bollocks . 
  yes , but some stereotypes make people who use them look very virtuous . 
  you 've basically said : `` here are the concerns , justified , of the uk lower classes . '', 
  followed by : `` but that 's bollocks , i love 'em , cor , are n't people getting their panties in a bunch . 
  by the way , i do think polish people are great '' . 
  this is all very nice , but what are you trying to say , apart from `` i hold the correct , acceptable opinion here , unlike my opposite numbers among the working class '' ? 
  no , this is a temporary `` export '' plate that lasts a week or so . 
  from wikipedia :  the tower is officially known as elizabeth tower , renamed to celebrate the diamond jubilee of elizabeth ii in 2012 ; previously it was known simply as the clock tower . 
  still , yeah let 's face it , the tower is mostly called big ben . 
  wow , i 've really changed my outlook because of your comment . 
  hmm . . 
  i kind of see what you mean . 
  however :  the very idea of democracy insufferably incompatible with this unfortunately unintelligent demographic being part of our society . 
  that is people . 
  that is us . 
  we ourselves do n't fall into that category , but they are many fellow members of our species and there is always hope for them . 
  there really is , othewise all is lost . 
  you 're basking pretty well at the moment , with your `` right on '' speech giving you plenty of auto-upvotes . 
  how does that not make what you said even more insufferably elitist ? 
  at last , someone who has a clue amongst all these grand orators on their imaginary podiums . 
  diplomatic immunity is a hell of a thing - he 's right , unfortunately . 
  to be fair , it is ludicrous at times . 
  i remember about 15 years ago when i was a motorcycle courier in london trying to keep up with a souped up , restored ford granada down the finchley road at speeds of up to 80mph . .
