  do n't worry , i got the same result . 
  i put it down to them not using the same dialect-speakers each time ( there are distinctive variations in their pronunciations ) and the variations in volume . 
  there was one voice which i could n't hear as well as the others . 
  they could have at least accounted for these factors . 
  if you want to test intelligibility at least test one language to another . 
  do n't use several different dialects . 
  not surprising . 
  all signs were pointing in this direction to be honest . 
  let 's just take this time to ask our politicians wtf they were thinking . 
  very much unsurprising to me as the dutch police have been # 1 * worldwide * in electronic and phone surveillance for several years now . 
  if that 's not a clear hint of what 's going on , what is ? 
  also , slightly offtopic : it 's not the mivd but the aivd . 
  the mivd is an intelligence agency for the armed forces and used to screen personnel and areas of operation . 
  it 's too small to be able to do any kind of mass surveillance . 
  the aivd is the central intelligence agency in the netherlands and is involved in mass surveillance , also against it 's own people . 
  the aivd are theoretically bound by the same laws and regulations as the police are , but since everything the aivd does is considered to be a * state secret * , there 's no real way of knowing what they do . 
   belastingdienst is infamous for being difficult to deal with haha , you could have just typed that . 
  nobody likes the belastingdienst - although i do agree with you . 
  not being able to read or write dutch will make dealing with them much more of a hassle . 
  i agree . 
  i was just pointing out that it is n't all that necessary to do . 
  also , when you 're a foreigner/immigrant in the netherlands , a lot of people will actually start talking to you in english , german or french . 
  i do this myself whenever i interact with some of the german interns/students at my university . 
  i 've got to stop and be conscious of it before i return to dutch - often upon request of the other party . 
  do you have us-citizenship though ? 
  because from what i understand from wikipedia - though that may be incorrect of course - that when you 're not a us-citizen , you do n't have to file taxes . 
  the situation you 're in sucks though . 
   you need to have a basic understanding of language to be able to communicate with the teller in a grocery shop , with a bank employee , read and pay your bills , your taxes etc. 
  you can communicate with almost everyone in the netherlands in english or german . 
  official communication with the government can also be done in english if you do n't understand dutch . 
  so as far as that goes , it 's not really a requirement to be able to participate in our society . 
  of course being able to understand and converse in dutch will make your life in our country more enjoyable . 
  thank you . 
  what does sfi stand for ? 
  i ca n't find it on google . 
  because there are european quota on immigration . 
   if you are unable to learn a language by watching videos or studying books you probably lack the mental capacity to be of any use for the host society . 
  i understand why you 'd take this position , but i 've got to disagree with you here . 
  perhaps if you 'd need to learn a simple language ( like english ) okay , but dutch is n't all that simple . 
  there are a lot of rules and even more exceptions to those rules . 
  if you want to learn it properly , you will need some form of tuition . 
  that goes especially for written dutch , which can be a lot different from spoken dutch ( in which various flaws are n't cared for , while being a cardinal sin when you write it down ) . 
  edit : additionally , these rules are updated almost yearly , so learning material that 's free , or books in the library/online are not necessarily still the way it 's done today . 
  / edit as you said , that tuition could be online , but again , you want a certain level of expertise and fluency , so these online programmes will have to make sure one can actually reach this . 
  especially in the case where you 're going to have some sort of entry test ( how else would you enforce this rule ? 
  ) , the learning material needs to be up to par . 
  that aspect of it is a task for the government . 
  you ca n't ask of people what you do n't teach them . 
  i 'm not saying the government should be providing free classes or anything , but officially sanctioning which learning materials are up to par and which are n't is the least they can do . 
  this also should n't provide too much of a problem since this is already done for primary education purposes . 
  it 'd be a small effort to make these methods available to schools/programmes abroad or to immigrants themselves in exchange for a fee . 
   only europeans believe that immigrants need to be led by the hand and treated like little children . 
  i do n't see how you 'd draw that conclusion from my post . 
  immigrants can get the opportunity to learn our language anywhere they want , but the means have got to be there . 
  dutch is n't a ` big ' language , it 's a small language and few people speak it . 
  if you want to enforce the learning of our language as a prerequisite to immigration , you need to provide some means to learn this language . 
  dutch is n't an important enough language that you can just learn it anywhere you want to , and the government should do well to realize this . 
  red : no train service/station closed . 
  yellow : delays on average 30 minutes , but trains are running . 
  * edit : i should point out that the ` spoorkaart ' - screenshot is a bit more optimistic than what was reality . 
  train service was shut down in northern-holland , southern-holland , friesland , groningen , parts of overijssel , and parts of northern-brabant . 
  all due to severe storm damage ( mostly trees on the tracks/damages electricity lines/damaged trains ) . 
  this chaos held until midnight . 
  * luckily for us the ns resumed normal operations today from approximately 11:00 . 
  ( that 's am for the americans . ), 
  this makes sense if the immigrants actually get the opportunity to learn our language . 
  not just in theory , but in practice as well . 
  i 'm not a us citizen , so i had to wikipedia it . 
  it seems similar to what the eu is doing with all the crackdowns on the banking secrets . 
  haha yeah , that 's a pretty good one . 
  i also enjoy the train that 's playing hide and seek . 
  i think it 's safe to assume every european country with a working intelligence agency collaborated with or helped the nsa in some way , shape or form . 
  it 's a no-brainer really . 
  they 're europe 's biggest ally , they solve a lot of conflicts for us purely through intimidation , so of course we 're going to give them information if they request it . 
  just look at the treaty that regulates the sharing of information between the eu and usa for regular passenger flights . 
   was there an uptick in tourism in western europe just after the 2008 financial crisis that i 'm not aware of ? 
  no , but that really is n't the issue . 
  the main problem is that export will suffer which is a big part of the european economy . 
   i agree but right now probably is n't the best time to fix things . 
  why not ? 
  it 's not as if things are n't shitty already . 
  the same goes for the netherlands . 
  the government needs to fix this . 
  in the long term this entire tax-break situation is unhealthy and does n't really contribute to our countries . 
  it 's not like the ` postal adress-only companies ' actually employ a sizeable staff anyway . 
  such a shock this . 
  i realize it 's a bit late , but i still feel i should post this . 
  everyone always goes on and on about the resistance , and say our army sucked ...  they had a badass resistance during wwii we were primarily defeated because of war crimes by the germans ( specifically , the germans bombing the shit out of rotterdam and threatening to do the same to amsterdam , utrecht , etc ) , but did major damage to the germans . 
  in fact , the dutch army is the only one to reclaim lost airfields when it was * blitzed * ( rotterdam airport and amsterdam-schiphol airport , both were retaken the same day by annihilating the german * fallschirmj\u00e4ger-divisions * ) . 
  it shot down approximately 1/3rd of all deployed german aircraft , and had the germans stopped in their tracks everywhere but in the southern part of the country . 
  in fact , the day the netherlands officially surrendered there were german divisions that were stopped * at the border * . 
  casualties were pretty high for the germans ( up to 50 % losses in some divisions ) . 
  they also took ~ 1,600 pows to england . 
  i consider that to be very effective and impressive for an army that was effectively being phased out in the years prior to the rise of hitler . 
  the netherlands took a position of neutrality and only invested in it 's military when it was too late . 
  they had rifles that were really old , went to the front lines on bikes or horses , had no tanks or armoured vehicles to speak of and just a couple of really outdated air planes . 
  so for me , nothing but respect for the men who fought to defend our country in wwii . 
  haha , you were pretty lucky . 
  this is what the storm did to parts of the netherlands yesterday : http://imgur.com/gallery/41ae8 i heard that germany did n't get through it unscathed either . 
   i think it is no wonder it 's going bad when one has a union without rules .
