   so there you go , putting `` russian tanks '' in the title without any evidence that they are actually under russian command is bad journalism . 
  actually no , because there * is * evidence that these are tanks that are the property of the russian federations armed forces . 
  hahaha , we do n't report like that in the netherlands . 
  army exercises are reported as follows :  11th air mobile assault on exercise in [ village ] . 
  and that 's * if * it gets reported at all . 
  see how we do n't care about who made the stuff we use ? 
  that 's because , generally speaking , we know who made it . 
  just like we know who made those t-64 's and with whom those t-64 's were in service . 
  but you know , do n't take my word for it , [ see for yourself ] ( http://aco.nato.int/statement-on-russian-main-battle-tanks.aspx ) . 
   do you speak of american planes when talking about the netherland 's f-16 ? 
  we do . 
  just as we use colt canada 's firearms , dutch/german apc 's , german panzerhaubitzes , american apache attack-helicopters etc. 
  semantically speaking , that 's correct . 
  does n't matter though because the t64 's they 're using are either captured ukrainian army tanks ( very few in numbers ) or reactivated russian army t64 's that were put in ` combat ready storage ' . 
  either way , these are russian tanks . 
   putting `` russian tanks '' in the title is misleading . 
  it is n't . 
  first of all these tanks were designed in russia , and built in either ukraine or russia , and secondly , there have been reports of russia reactivating their stockpile of t64 's and delivering them to the separatists . 
   i would agree the un or whoever had functional command and control ( the french ) should also share liability . 
  however at the end of the day the dutch military surrendered after extremely light casualties . 
  for a 300 person force , 1 kia and 2 wounded is on the level of equipment failure during training . 
  i would have expected out of my unit should we ever find ourselves in such a situation . 
  while i agree with you , there 's no point in fighting such a force under that mandate and the roe being what they were ( only fire when fired upon , kind of like mogadishu ) , while being surrounded by mbt 's and apc 's that you do n't have . 
  there 's no sense in getting everyone killed just to make a point when you do n't have backup . 
   on top of that , much of this comes out of if the dutch state deployed a force that was too poorly armed . 
  who exactly made the decision to send out 300 solders with equipment so light that the serbs could run them off is an issue , the courts seem to have put that on the dutch state . 
  and the courts would be partially right here , which is why the state is partially liable , as it should be . 
  deploying this light a force was done upon explicit un request though , with the guarantee of air support should anything go wrong . 
  and , i still feel that the wives of those killed there should have gone after serbia , but that 's perhaps also a bit of national pride on my side . 
   yes un doctrine said light weapons only and thus the un should hold some liability there but still they 're your guys , give them what you think they need . 
  i agree , and to be honest , that 's what they 're doing nowadays . 
  in all other conflicts to date they 've had their own armour , artillery and air support . 
  look at the current deployment in mali for instance , and prior to that , the deployments in afghanistan . 
  it 's no longer a ` peace keeping force ' , it 's an armed force that 's primarily doing peace keeping tasks , but is fully equipped to fight . 
  in bosnia it was the opposite . 
   of course it is also easier for me to say knowing that 300 dead american soldiers would provoke a massive wave of nationalism and demand for vengeance out of our domestic population and thus we can provide a credible threat to the serbs . 
  i think this is the main difference . 
  in the netherlands the armed forces have been subject of continuous budget cuts since the 1800 's basically . 
  in the years prior to ww2 there was even talk of abolishing them altogether . 
  the basic view of the armed forces is that they 're a nuisance really . 
  at least , that 's the idea i get from following our politics and public debates . 
  i do n't know how the armed forces pulls having pzh2000 's and apaches off considering everything . 
  they must have damned good lobbyists . 
  as a final point : if i did n't quote you it 's because i agree with what you 're saying without reservations . 
   so we agents if the dutch state do n't conduct themselves as expected it comes back on the state . 
  under normal circumstances , i 'd consider that the right and just way of dealing with such a terrible tragedy . 
  and let 's be clear , srebrenica was a terrible tragedy . 
  but in this case , it would have made much more sense for the un to accept responsibility . 
  also , they suffered one kia and two severely wounded soldiers trying to hold out until air support arrived . 
  i 'd call that conducting themselves as they should have to be honest . 
   and yet ... ... a great warrior also knows when fighting is futile . 
  you ca n't stop an extremely numerically superior force with vastly superior weaponry , when you 've got to deal with a crippling mandate and rules of engagement that prohibit you from doing your job . 
  it 's easy to say those guys should have done something different from behind your keyboard . 
  fact of the matter is that dutchbat suffered one k.i.a. 
  and two severely wounded soldiers while being denied any help by the un , until the enclave was already overrun . 
  you ca n't win such a fight . 
   but i would like to know if there is anger about the french un troops refusing air support ? 
  did n't they hang you out to dry ? 
  the french general refused air support on , i believe , 4 different occasions . 
  whether or not there 's anger about it i could n't tell you . 
  personally , i 'm not angry . 
  partly because it 's not a surprise this happened . 
  everything about this mission was wrong from the get-go , so it 's a logical outcome . 
  you 're not going to be able to defend such an enclave just by being present , which was the mandate they were given by the un . 
   that 's an unfortunate choice that they as soldiers faced . 
  haha , yeah , you could say that comes as part of the job . 
  the problem here is that in this case it was a non-combat mission and as such , they were ill-prepared for a combat mission . 
  there 's no sense in getting killed if all that accomplishes is more death . 
  un hung them out to dry and in the end the civilian population suffered very badly because of it . 
  there 's literally nothing that these guys could 've done differently that would 've prevented this outcome . 
  they had n't the means or the roe . 
   but the bosniaks were pretty much under the protection of the dutch government , well , technically , no . 
  dutchbat was under operational control of the un ( iirc the french general that refused the air support because he was too preoccupied with 14 french soldiers that were captured ) . 
  the dutch government had , to be blunt , fuck all to say about what they were and were n't to do . 
  now , even if assuming everything you wrote were to be true , i have to ask myself : why are these people not suing the government that wronged them ( in this case : the serbians ) , and instead suing the government that actually tried to protect them , but failed due to reasons outside of its control ? 
  i find that to be a bit weird to be honest . 
  also , this outcome will make any peacekeeping mission under un flag potentially problematic , unless of course , the amount of damages that have to be paid as a result of un failure can be deducted from the amount any given country has to pay the un , or the un reimburses its members in some way . 
  but that will probably never happen , so at the very least this will accomplish that countries will probably be more reluctant to participate in these kinds of missions because they could very easily become much , much more costly than estimated beforehand . 
   it is n't that they did nothing , it 's that they actually handed people over to the serbs . 
  well , it 's either that or be killed yourselves . 
  the point that 's almost always forgotten here is that the soldiers of dutchbat were captives themselves . 
  i 've seen a documentary on dutchbat soldiers and what they went through on dutch tv a couple of years ago . 
  it 's not pretty . 
  they were regularly mock executed and stuff like that . 
  the really sad part though , is that those soldiers almost all came back with ptsd and were just discarded by the government . 
  no care at all . 
  that these wives of the victims want some sort of justice , that i get . 
  that this court holds the dutch government accountable/liable i do n't get . 
  but apparently the un ca n't be prosecuted for this , so they went for the country they could get in front of a judge . 
  i do n't know for sure , but if i were to venture a guess : on a similar level to germany and france . 
  poland has some way to go still . 
  ^ ^ ^ invest ^ ^ ^ in ^ ^ ^ eastern ^ ^ ^ poland . 
  i agree , especially because polands stance on russia is one i feel the eu as a whole should be taking , but the facts of the matter are that at this moment they are not at the table for aforementioned reason . 
   he was wondering why poland is not being invited to negotiations , when it is poland that knows the region and its affairs best . 
  that 's an easy question to answer : polands economy is n't big enough yet . 
  france and germany ( and to a lesser extent , italy ) have big economies , and do a lot of trade with russia . 
  it 's crazy , but this is more a financial/economic crisis than anything else . 
  that 's why poland has been sidelined . 
  their stance would harm the largest economies of the eu too much . 
  yeah , one key difference though : they won , we lost .
