  that is true , but they are usually right with stuff about the armed forces . 
  let 's hope they do find a way . 
  that makes for a lot of new land to reclaim for us , 
   eu nations can not , and would not work outside of the nato framework for any military issue . 
  well , they could , but they indeed would not . 
  however , i 've not stated otherwise . 
  i 've just stated that when you look at the numbers , the eu 's combined military strength on its own is enough to deal with russia . 
  the situation for russia deteriorates even more when you involve all of nato . 
  i know that , but i 'm not a politician , 
  and this is where you are wrong . 
  it is n't about the military . 
  it is about the politics . 
  putin knows that russia has nothing on the eu 's combined military strength , let alone nato 's . 
  as i said earlier though , this is about our economies more than it is about anything else . 
  at the moment we 're too reliant on russian gas and oil and too reluctant to hurt our own economies to be willing to bankrupt russia . 
  putin knows this and is currently taking advantage of all this . 
  and let 's be clear : bankrupting russia would be over sooner than any war would ever be . 
   why are you comparing anything to russia ? 
  because the current crisis is about eu vs russia . 
  and as / u/modomario already pointed out , the eu could easily handle russia 's military on their own . 
  the problem is that we 're not willing to go to war over this , and that , in general , we prefer to get our economies on track before bankrupting russia . 
  i know . 
  it seems a bit weird though . 
  sending the army to an active frontline of a fairly large warzone and not having them create a safe zone for themselves , but just defending a large crash site , which is very difficult to fully secure . 
  i would n't say it 's the people . 
  there has been attention and outrage over this conflict since the start . 
  it 's the politicians and the big corporations . 
  our largest companies ( shell , philips , asml , akzonobel ) have large sums of money tied up in russia , they do n't want to lose that . 
  the politicians in turn do n't want to lose the businesses ' support , but this changed that . 
   he 's saying your population is too dumb to realize that russian aggression impacts them as well until they get hit in the head with it , or the turbine in this case . 
  replace ` population ' with ` politicians ' and you 're right . 
  it seems a bit late to be doing this to be honest . 
  unless of course you 're sending those soldiers over to do actual fighting . 
  edit : a word, 
  they got that wrong because those things are seen as foreign policy , or as intervening too much in the affairs of a sovereign state . 
   ministerie van defensie , fucking logic since 1813 hahaha , that is so true . 
   that person '' [ will have in hague ] a full daily schedule providing for fresh air , exercise , medical care , occupational therapy , spiritual guidance , conditions suitable for the preparation of defence , it facilities and training , visiting and recreational and sport activities '' . 
  you 're forgetting these facts : 1 . 
  these things are privileges and thus can be revoked . 
  the day schedule is determined by the department of prisons for the inmates . 
  he can choose to a certain degree , but that choice is nothing more than ' i choose to have my fresh air at 11:00 for 15 minutes and 15:00 for 15 minutes '' . 
  and again , the stuff under # 2 can be rejected by the dop employee because they have other things to do , or because they feel the times are inappropriate or because it 's raining ( which it does a lot here ) . 
  it 's not a guarantee that such a choice on the detainees part will actually come to fruition . 
   when the 11th air mobile ` detaches ' from the german division to deploy to ukraine it will be supported by units from the defense helicopter command . 
  when these two units work together they form the 11 air manoeuvre brigade . 
  ah , did they give them a new name already ? 
  i was just getting used to the air assault name :p  if there are also commando 's deployed with the researchers ( something that i can find no source on ) and you wo n't find a source , because it 's an internal one in the army . 
  it 's not published . 
  also , i 'm unsure whether they 're kct or marsof operators , so it could still be ~ 2,5 companies that are deployable as far as kct is concerned . 
   11th air mobile is one of the three brigades in the german division . 
  it can still be deployed without german consent . 
  consent of both countries is only needed if both german and dutch units are deployed . 
  that 's the fun part , no it can not . 
  it is under full german military command , so as such , 11 amb does n't exist . 
  its members can still be deployed with dutch troops , under dutch command , but not as 11 amb . 
  they 're 11 air assault at that point and under command of the air force special operations . 
   only one company of the kct is deployed to mali . 
  one company is ready for deployement , and 2 more can be made ready within two weeks . 
  it 's more than one company technically . 
  also , part of the company you 're referring to as being deployment-ready , is currently acting as the protection detail for the dutch research experts for the air crash in ukraine . 
  proper translation by / u/dominicm01 : dutch prime minister mark rutte may have been diplomatic towards vladimir putin , but behind the scenes a plan b is being prepared , sources close to the american embassy in poland have told spitsnieuws.nl . 
  around twenty kilometers ( 12.43 miles ) from the polish capital of warsaw , dutch and primarily american soldiers are preparing an invasion of the crash site of flight mh17 of malaysia airlines . 
  dutch f16 's may be used in the process . 
  those are usually patrolling the airspace of the baltic countries . 
  both the dutch and the american authorities have not commented on a plan b. 
  prime minister rutte and minister of foreign affairs frans timmermans both stated this afternoon that they want to solve the situation surrounding the crashed airplane with a diplomatic approach . 
  they may however be working on a plan b. 
  military action does not sound too implausible after the strong words of american president barack obama yesterday evening . 
  it can be assumed that when washington has enough reason to do so , the crash site will be taken over and protected from looting separatists . 
  after that , a normal and independent investigation can be conducted and the remains of the passengers can be recovered correctly . 
  update : july 20th , 0:24 . 
  the united states have granted ukraine , moldova , and georgia a major non-nato ally status . 
  this should make the exchange of military intelligence and military assistance , for example defense systems and small arms , easier . 
  spitsnieuws is the website of the free dutch newspaper sp!ts . 
  kct is deployed in mali and 11 airmobile is no more . 
  or if they do n't want to be captured , shot and buried . 
  not if you count world war 2 . 
  that was a european country invading ukraine . 
  did not end well . 
  i agree , but then again , what dutch commandos ? 
  i mean , we 've almost entirely done away with our armed forces . 
  no tanks , only half of our f16 's are air worthy , lots of soldiers have been fired due to budget cuts ... now , i know that at least some of our soldiers have been called to their base as of yesterday , but i would n't expect any dutch soldier to set foot on ukrainian soil . 
  the problem is that you ca n't suffice with securing the crash site . 
  for starters , there 's hardly anything left to secure , and there are * a lot * of rebels there . 
  any military intervention would therefore have to be fairly large and aimed at securing a wide perimeter . 
  that 's just not going to happen i 'm afraid . 
   of course it would cost maybe 25 % more though ... perhaps that would actually be a good thing . 
  it would make it clear to both the people and the governments of various nations that we need to get serious about moving away from non-renewable energy sources . 
  every european country has increased their strategic gas reserve since the last time we had trouble getting gas from russia . 
  stockpiles now are large enough to get through a normal winter without any major problems . 
   did n't germany & co create stocks to hold for a certain amount of time in case of a gas embargo from any side ? 
  i thought i read something about that . 
  every developed country in the world has these . 
  they 're called * strategic reserves * . 
  they 're basically stockpiles of resources that are deemed vital to the normal operational capabilities of a country . 
  you 'll usually see gas , oil , coal etc. 
  on the list . 
   the problem is i will not be called upon . 
  i do n't know about denmark , but i do know that several acquaintances i know that serve in the royal dutch army have been called up to their bases yesterday . 
  i 'm not saying anything is going to happen here , but at least this shows that they 're keeping all options on the table .
