  in terms of semantics , there 's a huge difference between `` anti-eu '' and `` eu-critical '' , and the same can be said for the political side of things . 
  even sp does n't want to exit the eu . 
  they just want to keep the power that the eu has limited . 
   not to mention that dutch politics in general has become way more critical towards the eu , so even though cda has been staunchly pro-eu in the past , they are less pro-eu than they ever were . 
  same goes for the vvd imho . 
  there 's a difference in what they say and how they say it , and what they actually vote to do . 
  go back in time and see for yourself . 
  almost all political parties ( such as vvd ) have actually voted pro-eu , both in the ep and the national parliament . 
  there may be an emphasis on being eu-critical at the moment in terms of talk , but they do n't actually walk their talk . 
  the eu is just used as a scapegoat for the issues that the political parties do n't actually want to touch . 
   that is the feeling i get . 
  it is almost a purely political topic so only those interested in politics give a hoot . 
  part of the reason of this apathy is the way the media portrays the eu and how the decisions are made . 
  negative items get more clicks or viewers ( tv ) than positive or informative items . 
  that bias shows in public political debates -- at least in my country . 
  the gold is obviously at least 128 karat my friend , and of course , special price for you . 
  you 're forgetting that pvv always does good in polls , but have lagged behind in the actual votes gained since last parliamentary election . 
  it seems their voting bloc does n't actually go out and vote . 
   his party is leading the polls . 
  which polls ? 
  i 've checked all dutch newssites and none of them have any polls up anywhere . 
  exactly . 
  wilders has lost a lot of his voters by doing very , very , very stupid shit in recent times . 
  hanging out with the rest of ( extreme ) right europe has n't done him any favours either . 
   so wants to leave the eu in the netherlands ? 
  our national clown , geert wilders . 
  but besides him , nobody . 
  everybody understands that a potential eu exit would essentially throw the netherlands back to the stone age . 
  trade agreement , agricultural subsidies etc are all thing the usual media does n't bother itself with . 
  you just have to keep in mind that when watching the news , you 're not watching journalism , you 're watching reporting ( * verslaglegging * ) . 
  that 's a different thing . 
  it 's not about informing people correctly , it 's about scoring viewers . 
  i agree that there is no nuance in the way the media has reported on this , but it 's not about a possible exit from the eu . 
  they 've just spun it into the usual `` you 're either for the eu or against it '' . 
  and again , do n't mistake that for journalism . 
  however , when you go beyond television and onto decent newspapers , you 'll see there 's some depth to the debate still . 
  especially the op-eds in nrc , volkskrant and financieel dagblad try to be quite nuanced and shed light on different sides of the story . 
   in my country , the netherlands , this election for the european parliament has only one theme : stay in the eu or leave the eu . 
  it is a de facto referendum . 
  really ? 
  because i 've not seen this `` theme '' anywhere to be honest . 
  my perception is that there are some that want the eu to have less say , and some that want the eu to have more say on national subjects . 
   `` guest workers '' germany tried the same thing  i see you 've mistaken `` gass '' for `` guest '' here :p, 
  because , as unfortunate as it is , the netherlands has been going about the armed forces in the broadest sense in the same way we did prior tot ww1 . 
  there have been nothing but budget cuts for the past 30 orso years , and that 's not going to change unless something else changes . 
  the army is thought to be obsolete by those in power . 
  also , those that are in power seem to believe we can get away with relying on our strategic partners to provide the security we need . 
  to be honest , thus far that has proven to be true . 
  that should probably change as well . 
   perhaps someone could actually defend dropping central europe ? 
  alright . 
  they did n't feel like using another colour , so they stuck with these four . 
  hence no central europe exists any more . 
  their descriptions of the types are nicely written up though , i 'll give them that , 
  duly noted . 
  you can still be an infj , just know that it does n't mean anything . 
  it 's an imperfect example . 
  see the next bit :p, 
  i 'll do my best to explain it . 
  whenever you 're trying to figure out something , let 's say a personality dimension , you develop a questionnaire that actually measures said dimension . 
  in the questionnaire you include at least five ( 5 ) questions pertaining to said dimension , but 10 questions is more common . 
  now , because you want to account for socially acceptable answering , it 's usual to include a counter to each question . 
  that counter is some ways down from the original to disguise it . 
  for example , ' i enjoy going to parties with a lot of people ' could be counterbalanced by ' i enjoy reading a book ' some ways down the questionnaire ( preferably on the next page ) . 
  you will also ask similar questions , where the subject is changed . 
  please note : i made up these questions , so the example will not be 100 % . 
  since most if not all serious questionnaires have to be paid for , i ca n't simply copy those questions . 
  what you could do is take a look at some pseudoscientific questionnaires , such as the meyers-briggs type indicator , which actually does a pretty good job of counterbalancing everything . 
  disregard how you 'd answer the questions , just read them carefully and try to find the counter to it . 
  every question has one in their mbti . 
  well said . 
  i 'd welcome an enforcement of the agreements , such as spending 2 % of the gdp on the armed forces . 
  i just do n't see it happening any time soon . 
  very true , which is why decent research considers that option and accounts for it by asking control questions . 
  that is also one of the reasons scientific questionnaires are so lengthy . 
  the other one being that us scientists like lengthy questionnaires . 
  do n't worry about money . 
  the netherlands has been underspending for years and years , even underfunding un stuff and still we 've not been reprimanded seriously . 
  i think they prefer the term ` freedom apples ' . 
  they do n't have to buy them to eat them . 
   i guess the netherlands were n't as lucky as germany . 
  do n't forget there are a lot of austerity measures being hammered through in the netherlands that are dampening the recovery of the economy . 
  they eat them . 
  nice , commenting to watch it later . 
  those fields are closer to automation than you 'd think . 
  with one exception -- doctors & medical operations . 
  there is just too much we do n't know yet when it comes to the human body . 
  another problem is interaction and asking the right questions . 
  ai is n't as of yet anywhere near sophisticated enough to replace humans on that front . 
  however , when you take a look at the other areas you 've noted you can see that a lot of these will be replaced by automation in the coming 20 years , given legislation does n't stall the process further . 
  aeroplanes already fly themselves for the most part , there are parts in the netherlands where automated buses drive ( and due to legislative issues regarding liability that 's almost always on a private area ) , and both cars and trucks are fast becoming autonomous . 
  now when looking at the future , there will be other jobs . 
  a lot more emphasis will have to be placed on customer care i think . 
  consider this : when every company is supplying the same service , where will they get the upper hand over their competitors ? 
  customer service , repair turnaround times , that sort of thing . 
  however , i do feel that we need to get to some sort of basic income scheme . 
  just look at the current situation in a lot of european countries where the middle class is eroding ( germany is a good example of this , they 're on the forefront here ) , and a lot of people who used to contribute to society are now having to rely on food banks and the like to get by . 
  not in the least because of failing `` social '' housing . 
  part of the problem also is that neither government nor companies value the person as an employee any more . 
  they just look at the skills , and skills are more easily replaced than people .
