  even though i firmly believe your country needs to get its shit together and reform ( just like we 've had to the past couple of years , just less drastic because we 're not anywhere near a default ) , i 'd not want this to escalate to a point where greece is forced into a default and eurozone-exit with all the accompanying problems for the population . 
       non-us nato partners ( much like the entirety of the eu ) have a collective wealth that surpasses ours . 
      yet , they spend less than half of what we do in contributing to the ` common defense ' well , you 're not the only one that 's annoyed . 
  i 'm convinced that something as tragic as mh17 would n't have happened if we , as european countries , would have presented the russians with a formidable threat . 
  we do n't now . 
  we still rely on your armed forces to keep our continent save , even though ww2 is more than 70 years ago . 
  that needs to change . 
  we should be able to do without any permanent us military presence in europe . 
  yeah , the thing is , your politicians should have had such a proposal ready on tuesday . 
  or any time in the previous five months . 
  your politicians are treating this subject like a first year student treats his exams . 
   unless it defaults and then everyone is worse off . 
  only if the debt restructuring is accepted . 
  if not , you get another argentina . 
  [ this article ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/economist-explains/2014/11/economist-explains-20 ) by the economist explains what happens when a country defaults . 
   how can the eurozone continue to negotiate after a `` no '' though ? 
  this is politics , you can always ( re - ) negotiate . 
  just take a look at the road we 've travelled to get here . 
  the current failed negotiations were n't meant to be possible either . 
  yes , but bigger and , in the case of syria , not in a war torn country . 
  also , it 'd be closer to one of europe 's economic and military powers ( italy ) and closer to the balkans , effectively pulling them into the russian sphere of influence . 
  they 'd give it easier access because russia would have access to military ports and bases in the mediterranean . 
   never heard of it , to be honest . 
  go try it . 
  available in all major supermarkets in the netherlands . 
   there is a brewery in germany ( flensburger ) , which produces a beer in a glass bottle , sealed with a clip-lock [ 1 ] . 
  why are you ignoring the existence of our beautiful [ grolsch beugels ] ( http://mauricemikkers.nl/wp-content/uploads/valtifest_grolsch002.jpg ) ? 
  you can also buy a  pizza al salame piccante in the refrigerated section of your local supermarket . 
  does n't really matter though , our biggest victory was replacing their king with ours , 
  having checked it on a map : definitely take it !, 
  perhaps they 'll finally get decent roads there , instead of the deadliest ones in all of the netherlands . 
  you forgot the elections for the senate and * waterschappen * !, 
  that 's not a main battle tank . 
  it 's an armoured fighting vehicle . 
  the difference matters . 
  you bought 2a6m 's even . 
  and for a * very * good price . 
  the upgrade to 6m cost us 250 million euro , the sale generated a maximum of 200 million euro . 
  politicians ... 
  well , it seems like we just collectively suck then . 
  really ? 
  the nh-90 's ? 
  because ours , that suffer from the exact same problems as the german ones , were assembled in italy . 
  by finmeccanica . 
  hopefully it 'll become apparent to those in power when the f-35 's the same factory is assembling for the european partners has boatloads of problems as well . 
   that tank is going to be badass if it goes into full production , i ` ts like something out of terminator . 
  only if they can actually make it work . 
  the t-90 reportedly has quite some problems with some of its more advanced technology . 
   navy helicopters not being able to fly over the sea . 
  this is n't your fault though . 
  that 's because of manufacturing problems in the italian factory that assembles them . 
  edit : apparently germany builds their nh-90s in germany , so it * is * your problem . 
   is that something that is likely to happen ? 
  short answer , no . 
  there are some ( mostly fringe ) political parties that want to rebuild/invest in the armed forces again but most if not all mainstream parties consider investing in the armed forces the equivalent of outsourcing as much as they can to fellow countries ( see the benelux air defence agreement , the german-dutch brigade , the possible german-dutch tank brigade etc ) . 
  they mean relative to your possibilities . 
  germany is one of , if not the , biggest economic force in europe . 
  relatively speaking , you 're not really militarized and you never were after ww2 . 
  also , cold war era rnlaf had a lot of air planes and air defence forces and materiel . 
  our air force was , in absolute terms , at least equal to yours . 
   the uk now only has 2 divisions and they 're about to be reduced in size [ 1 ] . 
  by 2020 the uk military will be nothing more than a defence force . 
  which is a good example of why we need to organise our armed forces on a european level . 
  just leave the smaller individual armies and redesignate them to be ` national guards ' or something , and use a truly integrated , professional army as our core to build from . 
  we could even go as far as to redesignate the various eu battlegroups to be the official , standing eu armed forces . 
  of course , it would need an extensive overhaul and all , but the means are there . 
   hum , germany had 2000 leopard-1 and as many leopard-2 tanks back in the cold war times . 
  which was because germany was the nato-designated main battle tank-force . 
   what about all of our 0 tanks ? 
  we could totally take putin !, 
  you 're mistaken , we 've still got 12 instructor models of the leopard 2a6m . 
  but overall , our armed forces are in dire need of rebuilding . 
  no it 's not . 
  compare it with the allinson from a baker or of your own making , 
  add enough spices . 
  so is the dutch cuisine . 
  if it 's bland , you 're doing it wrong . 
   i once bought bread over there . 
  never again . 
  yeah , do n't do that . 
  supermarket bought bread sucks . 
  i make my own bread , much cheaper * and * much more tasty . 
  thanks man . 
  really interesting stuff . 
  why do your politicians decide to build so many airports ? 
   we have many ghost international airports . 
  do n't get confused . 
  really ? 
  i thought it was just the one . 
  is there a list somewhere ? 
  no , but the enforcing of the current and historical fiscal rules could have prevented some countries from sliding downhill . 
  that 's because they would have had to reform their entire economy appropriately to what they can actually afford . 
  just like we did in the past couple of years . 
  unfortunately this is very true . 
  part of the problem lies in other countries ( e.g. 
  : germany which exports enormous amounts of stuff within eu ) , but a lot of those countries have just not reformed properly . 
  something that 's a consequence of the eu not enforcing the fiscal rules equally ( especially with regards to france ) . 
   however , before a government in greece could arise that would resort to such spiteful comments , the greeks had to be pushed down first , forced into a shameful servile status . 
  yeah , this is n't true really . 
  the current situation that the greeks find themselves in , is a consequence of them cooking their books and having the rest of the eu countries believe that nothing was wrong .
