  i did n't claim anything else . 
   it is not a sustainable situation . 
  indeed it is n't . 
  the only way to stop this is to share our wealth , luxury , education , political and legal systems to those that need it so that they can live in peace and prosperity in the countries they grew up in . 
   a lot of people relate to their heritage , and are proud to be british , just as i 'm sure a lot of people are proud to be american / french / german / dutch insert other country why would n't you be proud to be european \u00e1nd [ insertcountryhere ] ? 
   italians definitely not them . 
  if not you guys , it 'll be the argentinians . 
  germany is still in it as well , so no . 
   i 'm cheering for you now since none of my friends had the sense to put their money on you . 
  considering we 've never won a world cup , that 's actually very sensible to do . 
   international airspace over the baltic sea is one hell of a place . 
  this is of course true , but the russians do n't usually do this sort of thing with this many air planes , nor with this type of air plane . 
  it 's usually a couple of bears or elint planes . 
   haha , i 'd actually love to see a ned vs. ger game this world cup !, 
  if i read the schematic correctly , that would be the final . 
  that would actually be very cool !, 
   and after that dutch-german annihilation of the iberian peninsula , i think we 're blood brothers of sorts anyway . 
  we 've always been blood brothers of sorts , 
   but you were on fire against spain . 
  only the second half . 
  the goal just before half time was a game changer . 
  first half was n't very good at all . 
  not as bad as against australia , but not good either . 
  you guys play more to the dutch school of football than we do , so you might as well win something . 
   but if the netherlands do n't win the world cup this year i 'm going to kill somebody . 
  you 'd better go ahead and start planning then . 
  have you seen the dutch team play ? 
  we did n't play well against spain , and we played even worse against australia . 
  my money is on germany for world champions . 
  i 'm expecting the netherlands to reach the quarter or semi-finals max . 
   this happens once a month . 
  it does n't happen with this many aircraft involved . 
  russia is definitely upping the stakes . 
  no you do n't have to register . 
  we 've got a central citizen administration and if need be , all males ages 17 - 45 are automatically called up . 
  only if you deny the call up are you subject to criminal prosecution . 
  but if there 's no call up ( i.e. 
  : situation normal ) the only thing you get in the mail is a letter of the dod that explains the current status of conscription and that , at this moment , you do n't have to report for conscription . 
  i 'll see if i can scan my copy of that letter . 
  it might be a while though because it 's at my parent 's house . 
   my dad had to do military service when he was my age , but that has since been abolished . 
  it 's not abolished , it has been suspended . 
  the current status is that everyone that is of conscript-able age is excused of conscription , but can be called up when the government thinks it 's necessary . 
  nah , we 're over the whole bike stealing incident , 
   wikipedia says this is only about training and exercises . 
  although that information could be outdated . 
  translation : division schnelle kr\u00e4fte 11 lmb is part of the division schnelle kr\u00e4fte ( dsk ) from 12 june 2014 . 
  dsk is a newly founded division in which germany and the netherlands cooperate . 
  the merging of the dutch brigade with german units saves money . 
  the division optimally utilises the quality of personnel and materiel . 
  dsk also provides advantages for education and training . 
  because the troops work in the same way , deployment of the troops is easier . 
  a german-dutch staff leads the division from the german town of stadtallendorf . 
  the troops will remain on their own bases . 
  for 11 lmb those bases are schaarsbergen and assen . 
   and then the dutch . 
  what about us ? 
   finally the bundeswehr has offensive capabilities after 60 years now . 
  welcome back !, 
  this one is interesting because the dutch military has been much more aggressive when deployed than the german military has been . 
  see for example afghanistan and mali . 
  it will be interesting to see how that cultural difference will translate into operations . 
  11 lmb is considered an elite unit . 
  the selection process is just as tough as the kct 's and has a similar fail rate for soldiers ( around 90 % fail selection ) . 
  they are also able to perform similar missions as both uim and kct are , and in case of an attack or assault , 11 lmb is one of the first units that gets deployed , along with kct and/or uim . 
  so yeah , i 'd call 11 lmb pretty elite . 
  you do n't get into that unit if you 're not good . 
  those are eu battle groups though . 
  the difference between those bg 's and this is that this new unit is a dutch elite unit that has merged with its german counterpart and is under direct german command and control , whereas the eu battle groups are not actually merged . 
  the member units remain units of their respective units ' countries . 
  edit : also , when you 're not speaking about the eubg 's , the franco-german brigade is not as integrated as this new brigade will be . 
  the name should say it all : it 's the german air assault brigade . 
  not dutch-german , german . 
  the integration goes much further than just the shared officers corps like the f-g brigade . 
  this new brigade merges the dutch 11 lmb into the german division and puts it directly and solely under german military command . 
  that 's never been done on this scale before . 
  yes it is . 
  pvdd was the first of such a party and has since gained sisterparties in different countries . 
  i do n't think it 's decent at all . 
  the legal speed limit may be set at 130 , but less than 20 % of the road network has that speed limit . 
  when looking at this infographic that was posted , it skews the perception quite a bit as what is the speed limit in theory is hardly ever the actual speed limit . 
  you 'd be surprised at how few highways have a set speed limit of 130km/h . 
  here is the official map of the speed limits [ at night ( 19:00 -06:00 , pdf ) ] ( http://www.rijkswaterstaat.nl/images/wegenkaart%20nl_snelheden%20per%20snelhedenbeeld%20per%2014-05-2014%20%2819.00-6.00%29_tcm174-354573.pdf ) and during [ the day ( 06:00 -19:00 , pdf ) ] ( http://www.rijkswaterstaat.nl/images/wegenkaart%20nl_snelheden%20per%2014-05-2014%20%286.00-19.00%29_tcm174-346176.pdf ) . 
  libdem is not at all anti-eu , if anything , they 're eu critics whom favour the eu . 
  as for vvd , they 're only eu critics in their statements , but when it comes to voting , they vote the same way d66 does . 
  in fact , d66 and vvd are in the same european alliance of parties . 
  indeed . 
  the majority of dutch highways have a speed limit of 100 or 120km/h , not 130km/h . 
  you also see a lot of 130km/h limits that are only allowed from 19:01 - 5:59 . 
  130km/h is the legal speed limit , but reality is that you 're almost always confronted with a 100 or 120km/h speed limit . 
  no , i mean that religion is a poor start to politics . 
  regardless of the religion , you should n't base your political views on it . 
   why not really ? 
  i mean , what is so inherently wrong about the cda to not vote for them ? 
  the fact that they ca n't separate church and state is what i find wrong with them , and it 's why i wo n't ever vote for them , on any level . 
   i disagree that we voted pro-eu . 
  if you count strictly the pvv lost 2 seats perhaps , but they went mostly to anti-eu parties . 
  sp won one for example . 
  and 50plus ( elderly party ) and pvdd ( animal party ) who both gained their first seat are pretty eu critical also . 
  it 's both a matter of semantics and of politics .
