  they have to implement basically everything . 
  that 's what the eea is all about . 
  it 's about ensuring there 's equality between eu members and eu participants like switzerland and norway . 
   also , when it comes to the euro , they ( and the uk ) get to keep their currency , and with it nimble and flexible monetary policy . 
  you do n't hear the swiss or the norwegians complaining about that , do you ? 
  you 're right in that keeping your own currency gives you a bit more flexibility , but being a full eu member does n't mean you * have * to adopt the euro . 
  that 's a choice the member makes . 
  case in point : the uk . 
   and are they any worse off because of that ? 
  they are . 
  their companies and governments do n't have access to eu programs and money . 
  they also have to implement everything the eu has reached consensus on ( both judicial and regulatory ) without having any say in the matter . 
  although granted , the populace still gets to keep that feeling of self-control and sovereignty . 
   except that the same argument could be stated for scotland yet you listed them as a good candidate i 've not spoken about scotland at all actually . 
   a catalonia outside the eu is bad for everyone considering the state of spain , its economy , its services industry and its manufacturing industry , i 'd say catalonia outside the eu is mostly bad for catalonia . 
  but i 'm open to your arguments as to why the entire eu would be hurt by catalonia not being a member . 
   merkel was talking for herself by the way [ . ], 
  germany is * by far * the member with the most say , so what merkel says , even when it 's her own opinion , is important . 
  it 's a sign to other countries about the position of germany on this subject and that means others take note . 
  you mean catalonia right ? 
  merkel has already said that territorial integrity is one of the most important things , as a response to one of the catalonian activist politicians that want to secede . 
  if you by some miracle secede from spain do n't hold your breath for eu membership . 
  all signs point to ` no ' . 
   the russian market shut down , time to divert supplies elsewhere , but not as give-aways . 
  actually , in the netherlands the surplus of fruits and vegetables that 's now becoming available will go to the local * voedselbanken * ( foodbanks ) for free . 
  the foodbanks are where people go to who do n't have enough money to buy food , so it 's actually a good , healthy idea to give those people more f & v 's for free , 
  for me the word that stood out the most was ` north ' . 
  he pronounced it as ` nore ' . 
  that 's right . 
  they operate mostly in the coastal area 's and around the hague due to the amount of international and governmental stuff there . 
   those volvo 's are mostly used by the traffic police , like in wegmisbruikers  nope . 
  in wegmisbruikers they drive around in unmarked cars . 
  those are exempt from the national buy-in programme with vw . 
  what they use depends on the needs of the region . 
  for instance , in twente they use golf gti/r 's and in limburg they use audi a6 's . 
   i confused the touran with the touraeg , i was wrong about that one not really . 
  the touareg is used for beach patrols , swat and diplomatic security . 
   jeez , you do a lot of mileage . 
  it 's a swapped engine . 
  put in with about 166k km on it . 
  but i do drive a lot . 
  around 80k - 100k km a year . 
  which is why i 'm looking for a diesel   i 've got a 2011 1.6 tdci 110 . 
  once you go diesel , you 'll never go back . 
  especially in a car the size of the focus . 
  effortless to drive . 
  could do with a 6th gear and cruise control for motorways though . 
  but we have another car we tend to use for longer journey 's anyway . 
  nice engines those are . 
  lots of torque . 
  a shame there 's no cruise though . 
  i thought that 'd be standard on a mk2 .5 . 
  the old , not-so-trusty 1.6 16v zetec-se yamaha-developed , ford-built engine . 
  my second . 
  first one died at 211000km . 
  the current one has about 190.000 ish km on it . 
  ( chassis is at 234000 ) . 
  looking to trade it in for a diesel or lpg g3 car somewhere soonish . 
  yours ? 
  yeah , the mk .3 focus my friend has is n't as fun to drive as my mk .1.5 is . 
  although to be honest , the navigation is pretty ok and the mk .3 is a lot more quiet . 
   i could have sworn ford launched the current focus as the mk .4 . 
  haha , perhaps that 's just wishful thinking  i do n't find the mk .3 ( .5 ) all that nice to look at to be honest . 
  i hope a mk .4 will be prettier  and no problem , 
  ford labels their facelifts as ' .5 ' . 
  for instance , my car ( 2004 ford focus ) is a mk .1.5 , and this one is either a mk .2 or mk .2.5 . 
  i do n't really care enough about fords to be able to spot the difference on such a photo . 
  this is a [ mk .3 ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/05/ford_focus_trend_%28iii%29_%e2%80%93_frontansicht%2c_17._september_2011%2c_ratingen.jpg/1920px-ford_focus_trend_%28iii%29_%e2%80%93_frontansicht%2c_17._september_2011%2c_ratingen.jpg ) . 
  notice the different grille and bonnet . 
  that 's the easiest way of telling them apart . 
  that 's actually a ford focus ( mk .2 ) , not a mondeo . 
  well , looks like they 're succeeding . 
  great pretext for full scale invasion ( and a complete bankruptcy of russia due to sanctions ) . 
  but mostly the full scale invasion . 
  10/10 would eat . 
   i agree . 
  we should ditch 1 and 2 cents coins . 
  we already have . 
  except for the 5c coin . 
  the 1 and 2c coins are basically only usable at aldi . 
  yes , i understood that from the article . 
  i was unclear in my first post . 
  i meant the second nuclear reactor in petten that 's been subject of much discussion in my country . 
   so if it comes down to a war betwen europe and russia it is indeed an if , if the us will join in or not no it is not an ` if ' . 
  nato , article 5 . 
  there is no question that if europe goes to war , or if any european country or military force gets attacked by russia , the usa will also be at war at that moment . 
  nice . 
  i 'd wish they got started on the second nuclear reactor they 've been planning . 
  that would be correct . 
  ukraines armed forces are made up primarily of conscript forces or untrained people with an army rank . 
  you can get the ` lieutenant ' - rank when you graduate from certain level of education . 
  there are also a lot of ` volunteer brigades ' which have received little or no training at all . 
  then , on top of that , the ukrainian armed forces has been severely underfunded to the point that they could n't even supply their own troops with food , water , ammunition , bulletproof vests or transport . 
  also a lot of their military equipment is hanging together by a thread . 
  they have a large stockpile of equipment , such as t-72 's and whatnot , but that stockpile is mostly completely inoperable due to corrosion , lack of knowledge on how to operate it and lack of people to maintain it . 
  as a matter of fact , their artillery units are currently using guns that have seen more than their rated maximum number of shots . 
  so in general , while the ukrainian armed forces is quite sizeable when you 're talking sheer numbers , it 's not very combat effective . 
  in fact , most units would be considered ` combat ineffective ' by western military standards . 
  edit : a word . 
   keep in mind that de telegraaf is a sensationalist newspaper and is n't always as trustworthy .
