from the british publics perspective and i 'd say many in the netherlands swell , it feels like we 're being punished for doing better than other countries economically , especially when you consider that they 're back payments . 
  the netherlands is actually lagging behind in terms of recovering from the economical crisis . 
  the thing is though , as i 've said earlier , the only reason this came as a surprise is because both you and we have elected stupidly incompetent politicians . 
  they 've agreed to these new rules that have this outcome in 2010 and yet they 're ( acting ) surprised now ?!, 
  that 's just retarded . 
  yeah , to be honest , he does make himself look like the fool . 
  the change which has lead to this charge to the uk was agreed upon by all eu members on a summit in 2010 . 
  clearly the uk has now changed its position regarding that agreement , but that does n't change the facts that they knew or should have known this was coming . 
  i do n't get the surprised speeches and what have yous , as these changes in contributions have been calculated by the eu based on the figures of the national statistics bureaus of each country . 
  as such , the uk should have been able to use their own statistics and calculate the change in the same manner that eustat has done . 
  if anything , this whole endeavour shows the elected politicians , both in the uk and in the netherlands , are n't up to their jobs . 
  wow . 
  the emotions really hit you . 
  you can see the struggle they 're going through and have been going through . 
  and at the same time , just looking at that other thread with all the casualties of war , i find myself wondering how many of the men in the photo 's are actually alive . 
  how many will make it out in the end , and all that . 
  perhaps these photo 's have put things into more perspective than the other ones . 
  nah , i 've already had milk this morning . 
   point is , they are officially part of the government . 
  which is what i said :  that volunteer battalions fall under the ministry of internal affairs [ . ], 
  the point is , you wanted to be on a serious note . 
  and on a serious note , it makes a big difference what kind of official and judicial status such a volunteer battalion has . 
  as for this specific one , it 's a volunteer battalion that falls under the mia , not the mod . 
  which makes a difference as to their official duty description , their level of training , their level of armament and who gives the orders . 
  the reason i called you out on this is because this conflict is already very , very complicated and we do n't need to complicate it further by spreading misinformation . 
  both sides already do that , we do n't want to make it worse for ourselves . 
   if they compel the isp to cooperate . 
  i 'm willing to bet they do n't actually need that cooperation to access these routers . 
   on a serious note , the ukrainian army has a openly neo-nazi volunteer battalion , just saying . 
  no they do not . 
  that volunteer battalions fall under the ministry of internal affairs , not the military . 
  edit : instead of downvoting , you could just take the time to get your facts right if you want to be serious . 
   at last , we russians , did n't recruit volunteers for neo-nazi brigades here . 
  you did do that though . 
  your government ( if we can call it that ) set up or allowed the separatist to set up recruitment centers in certain cities , of which moscow was one . 
   too fucking bad to the other idiots . 
  why ? 
  regardless of their beliefs and their ideologies , they 're still humans . 
  also do n't forget that a lot of the `` soldiers '' are just teenagers or adolescents who 've seen nothing but ( russian ) propaganda for the past year or so this has been going on . 
  would n't you pick up a weapon to defend yourself if that 's what you believe ? 
   because i ca n't image a huge amount of people would want to associate themselves with neo-nazis regarding the azov battalion you 've used to kickstart this discussion : they do n't put themselves out there solely as neo-nazis . 
  they use their reputation as fierce warriors as their primary propaganda tool . 
  and to be honest , they have earned it . 
  this battalion has seen a lot of combat , and they 've got the know-how and the skills to make that bigger than it is through social media . 
  in turn , already having that skillset and the expertise in that field ( recruiting/using ( social ) media as propagandatools ) is why you 're seeing so much recruitment stuff for them online . 
  they know how to use it , whereas the other battalions are n't as knowledgeable or able to do so . 
  do n't forget , using social media to your advantage takes manpower and organisation . 
  a lot of the other battalions either do n't have that , or are n't willing or able to set up their own shop so to speak . 
   but a neo-nazi brigade ? 
  why not advertise some other volunteer brigade , one with less ideologically questionable persuasions ? 
  the thing is , the other brigades are n't as skilled in using ( social ) media for their own propaganda goals . 
  these right wing extremists ( they 're not all neo-nazis ) are skilled , because they 've been doing that since long before this war broke out . 
  that gives them a vital head start in things like recruiting via social media . 
   it only applies to default subs though . 
  is n't / r/europe a default sub these days for anyone with a european ip-address/geolocation ? 
  which is why i 'm for an eu-wide corporate tax system , but that 'll never happen in time i 'm afraid . 
  that 's a good question . 
  if only we knew . 
  perhaps we could be more ` aggressive ' in questioning our politicians or something ? 
   you 'll understand it better if they eliminate your safety net . 
  which they are intending to do , nothing less . 
  or in many cases , have already done so . 
  just take a look at the reforms in the dutch laws regarding the firing of employees . 
  they basically stripped employees of the safe guards they had , limited the amount companies would have to pay , and all that `` because it was necessary to keep the dutch economy competitive '' . 
  in reality though , it was n't necessary for anything other than the lobby of big business . 
  various studies have shown that these current reforms are bad for our country as a whole , unnecessary , and only profits big businesses . 
  in other parts of our lives you 'll find that those things we used to take for granted , like a trustworthy government , is also fading quickly . 
  tax laws are now changing every year for example . 
  citizens rights are violated ( especially regarding privacy ) and no one stands up . 
  the reason that most europeans come across as `` not understanding what 's at stake '' is the same as why you do n't see public outcry in america . 
  we 're just as strained as you are . 
  the economy is in the shitter , student loans are everywhere , housing market is collapsing ( in my country at least ) , wages have been stagnant for more than a decade ... people are too busy trying to survive to have the energy to protest changes the politicians are making which will eventually come to haunt us . 
  [ the siege of groningen !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_groningen ) or , to the locals better known as `` bommen berend '' , is still celebrated to this day with a lot of beer and festivities . 
  even though it happened in 1672 . 
  [ dutch wiki here , with a lot more info ] ( http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/gronings_ontzet ) . 
  that 'd be a good start indeed . 
  considering the cooperation between our countries it 'd also be quite logical to start there , try it out , adjust it and then present it to the eu . 
  and road taxes . 
  deal . 
   at least your asphalt concrete does n't melt during extreme heat ( ours does ) , nor does it tend to crack as much during extreme cold . 
  and how often do we get extreme heat ? 
  almost never . 
  the second problem is something that 's been taken care of with the * superstil open asfaltbeton * that they 've begun to use . 
  it 's also only a problem if you consider having to spot-repair more often more problematic than having clear sight , even in severe monsoon rains . 
  personally i value always having clear sight ( no spray during rain ) more than the sporadic spot-repairs during and after winter . 
  when you 're coming from an old piece of asphalt to a newer piece with ( z ) oab , that 's really enjoyable . 
  germany could use some ( z ) oab on the autobahn . 
  when it rains your visibility drops to near zero . 
   since when does a country listen to the opinion of neighboring countries when it needs to decide whether to introduce a tax or not ? 
  well , we could just decide to tax the waterways to their ports , or suspend the maintenance on our waterways that they need . 
  both methods would pretty much ruin their most important port . 
  do you need some dykes ? 
   so why oppose the introduction of the ` wegenvignet ' ? 
  because it 's a step back from where we should be going . 
  we should be doing this on a european level , not every other country for themselves . 
  well , i did n't say you should , but you could . 
  especially with these kinds of problems , it 's normal to feel some form of shame or embarrassment . 
  because it is , in this case , indicative of big problems in your own country . 
  remember , these fighters are already radicalised in france .
