  regional difference perhaps ? 
  too bad you 've got to spend it on those kids of yours !, 
  i doubt that 2x $ 2.200 , - per year made you millionaire , 
  inner - and outerwall insulation , roof insulation , piping insulation , double or triple glazing ( triple glazing obviously costs a lot more ) . 
   or if both are working , than no time for kids true , but at least in the netherlands that 's not even the principal concern . 
  the problem is that sending your child/baby to daycare is enormously expensive , and that 's partly caused by your point 1.3 ; everyone works and as such there 's a much higher demand than there is space . 
  another problem lies in the educational setting for children . 
  if i 'd have kids ( i do n't , but i want to eventually ) i 'd have to register them for a primary school * before the child is born * . 
  that is insane . 
  the same goes for daycare btw . 
  another problem is that support systems like family often works as well , so you ca n't rely on them to watch your kids for a minute either . 
  it seems probable , but also a tad silly . 
  it 's much easier and economically feasible to make such a transition when you 're not running out of the energy resources you 're transitioning away from . 
  that does make it a bit more clear , thanks . 
  from what i gather then , your government incentives are n't that great ( or your house is just really big ) . 
  retrofitting in the netherlands for a house such as yours ( though admittedly probably not as old ) would come in at around 2,5 - 3k euro after government subsidies . 
  that 's quite the difference . 
   trying to reduce domestic demand is also horrendously expensive too due to our victorian-era housing stock . 
  i know this is like cursing in a church , but why not replace those with newer buildings ? 
  or at the very least give home owners a ( big ) incentive to modernize ? 
  could you expand on what you mean ? 
  as far as i know , oil and natural gas are considered forms of hydrocarbons , so your comment kind of puzzles me . 
  i 'd go further than that . 
  this current crisis shows that we as europe need to dramatically decrease our dependency on conventional , non-renewable energy resources . 
  having our own network of sustainable , renewable energy resources will make europe much more resilient in these kind of scenarios . 
  there are . 
  in the northern part of the country you 've got an intercity bus system that 's there because there are no train connections . 
  these are called q-liners . 
  there are also some intercity connections with germany and belgium , but they 're operated by independent travel agencies and operate outside of the normal dutch bus transit system , whereas the q-liners operate within the boundaries of the dutch bus transit system . 
  usually buses are either citybuses ( i.e. 
  : they stay in one city ) or * streekbussen * , meaning they serve a certain region . 
  saving this for a later date . 
  thanks for the post . 
  yes , that 's quite unfortunate . 
  their nature looks amazing from the documentaries i 've seen on natgeohd , and their history and associated buildings are also quite fascinating . 
  let 's hope this current situation gets resolved quickly . 
   what do you guys think about russia ? 
  this is a difficult question because russia is more than just putin and his oligarchs . 
  putin and co are very dangerous . 
  they 're shrewd , they 've no regard for democracy , the rule of ( international ) law or their own people . 
  the russians i know are almost always polite ( unless intoxicated , but that takes a great effort usually ) and friendly . 
  almost completely the opposite of what we 're seeing from their rulers . 
  they 're also hardy people . 
  you wo n't easily get them in a position where they 're ` down and out ' . 
  and of course , there 's the country itself , with it 's diverse nature , wildlife and history . 
  what i 've seen of it ( on tv ) it boasts incredible scenery and wildlife . 
  i 'd love to go there one time , just not while the current powers that be are still , well , in power . 
  the eu has cancelled the negotiations about visa-free travel with russia , and has also cancelled the negotiations about a new trade agreement . 
  it 's hoped this will bring the russians to it 's senses . 
  i do n't think it will . 
  if the russians do n't go and talk to the ukrainians within `` a couple of days '' , the eu will also freeze the eu-assets of companies and persons on a black list , and deny those affected entry into the eu . 
  they will also boycot the g8 in june . 
  overall , kind of meh i think , but on the other hand , it 's better than all out war . 
  i do feel the eu should be a lot harsher thought . 
  it 's the best selling closet of the ikea in the netherlands . 
  i got the jist of it . 
  thanks . 
  so , is there a translation anywhere ? 
  my swedish is restricted to `` kn\u00e4ckebr\u00f6d '' and `` billy '' unfortunately . 
  it 's on again . 
  i guess it was delayed . 
   poland has 2600 soldiers in afghanistan , russia significantly more in crimea . 
  also i 'm unaware of when poland had to supply a large force on foreign soil most recently , they have the planes to be able to do it if nobody stops them . 
  poland has a lot more than 2600 soldiers in poland  they also have more advanced main battle tanks , helicopters and aircraft than the russians have ( note : based on wikipedia numbers ) . 
   no international body did ever stop germany from having a peace keeping role in the international community , but they have n't had one . 
  now i 'm not saying that 's unreasonable - i 'm saying now is an unlikely time to step forward . 
  while it is possible that dutch media fucked up royally , i tend to believe them here . 
  currently the germans have a role ( it 's not specified what kind of role ) in 8 peacekeeping missions . 
  that started from 1994 onwards , before that , germany was not allowed to move troops outside of it 's borders . 
  also take into account that germany has a leading role in the european union . 
  if they are to retain this role , they are going to have to get involved * if * this escalates . 
  i do n't see them retaining a leading role in the eu if they just sit idly by . 
   norway 's production would in that case pretty much all go to germany . 
  with an infrastructure that does n't exist yet . 
  again , i never said it was easy . 
  i 've always mentioned that it 'd be very costly . 
   well that 's your opinion but it would seem the leaders of germany and several other eu states does n't agree with you . 
  yes , that 's why germany is one of the leading countries in the world when it comes to renewable energy sources . 
  so much so , that it actually exports this energy because it generates too much of it . 
   i seem to remember georgia 2008 and syria 2011 . 
  talk is cheap , withdrawing from planning a g8 summit is n't exactly taking a stance . 
  neither were close enough to the eu to matter . 
  also take note of the eu 's official stance regarding georgia and what happened there . 
  that 's a complete opposite of the current situation and how the eu has apprised it . 
  diplomatically speaking it 's unheard of . 
  g8 summits generally do n't get cancelled . 
  withdrawing from the planning of it serves a clear purpose : to isolate russia and diminish russia 's influence on the economical-political stage . 
  as you can tell by the reaction in the various markets ( the rouble , bonds , stocks and stock markets are devaluating like crazy ) it 's quite effective . 
  edit : suddenly a word, 
  poland has done their fair number of combat operations , dating from ww2 to the afghan war/peacekeeping missions . 
  i 'd not put it beyond them . 
   germany has n't had the will to commit [ t ] o these actions ever before . 
  so , their recent peacekeeping missions were a fluke ? 
  as i said , germany has n't been allowed to put their army to the test outside of their own country because of ( very understandable ) repercussions following world war 2 . 
  in fact , their first peacekeeping mission ( in afghanistan i believe ) was big news in the netherlands . 
  so , when it comes to military intervention , germany will definitely be there in my opinion . 
  the gas can be bought elsewhere ( like in my country , norway , the uk etc. 
  ) , and every country has a strategic supply of oil . 
   russia buys very little from the eu , but eu buys a lot from russia ( gas , mainly ) . 
  it would be shitty expensive to buy something else , sure it could try but that would depend on which countries sided with russia .
