  until of course their books were eventually fried , and low and behold , a big pile of corpses came out of greece 's closet . 
  fact is that those corpses are there of their own doing , and the other fact of this matter is that these corpses need to be dealt with . 
   secondly , i do n't think it would be possible for most of western europe to maintain its level of social spending while increasing military spending , regardless of how high it raised taxes you should take a look at the economies of the cold war era . 
  just to give you an example , my country maintained a minimum of 2,0 % gdp spending on defence throughout the cw * and * our social benefits programmes were much more elaborate than they are now . 
  you 're forgetting that increasing our military budgets also creates jobs , which in turn generates a lot of taxes ( at least in my country the military pay is quite generous ) and thus can help with the upkeep of social benefits programmes . 
  besides , having less unemployed people will also make the social benefits programmes more affordable as less people will be relying on them . 
  that being said , i do believe we ( europe as a whole ) should seriously invest in our armed forces . 
  we need to be able to defend ourselves without u.s. armed forces being present on our soil . 
  something which we ca n't do at this moment . 
  yes , it 's cooperation between the dutch central intelligence agency ( aivd ) , the dutch national police ( politie ) and the dutch public prosecutor ( om ) . 
  the cooperation between the central intelligence agency and the national police is supposedly less than stellar , although both agencies have contradicted those claims . 
  true , but , since then , no more problems :d, 
   do we get along now ? 
  of course we do . 
  there 've been no problems since we overthrew their king and supplanted our own . 
  we 're already a colony of our financial sector . 
  our conscription system is suspended . 
  there are no plans to reactivate it , because we have a fully professional military force and would like to keep it that way . 
  this change merely means that women , just like men , will receive a letter informing them of their registration into the administration systems of the armed forces in case conscription is reactivated . 
  there are no further consequences beyond receiving said letter . 
  yes , and my comment was a wink to the old dutch `` the nazi 's stole me bike !, 
  '' - joke . 
  did you also steal theirs ? 
  that 's the expansion for rotterdam harbour . 
  as with all cities , it depends on where you live . 
  even lelystad has nice areas , but if you 're a student or a teenager i can imagine it 's not the best place to be . 
  for young families on the other hand , it 's quite affordable and nice and quiet . 
  it 's not something that 's unique to germany though . 
  we have a standing order for any military personnel that forbids them from travelling in uniform , and generally , being a soldier is considered a job like any other in our country . 
  that means you 're subject to the same level of abuse a police officer would receive . 
  yes , that 's part of the ` long , painful and difficult process ' part . 
  do n't forget the resistance you 'll get due to the impact on every member 's sovereignty if we were to set taxation on an eu level . 
   unless we get to set tax policy of other countries we wont be changing ours . 
  which is exactly why we need to set these things on a european scale . 
  it 'll be a long , painful and difficult process , but if we want to change things , we 've got to accept it 's not going to be easy . 
   m not sure if i 'd wanted to have a 5000 to 6000 kelvin light over my house its good for highways , or main roads but i wouldnt want it in residental areas the trick is that , if done properly , an led street light will have less light pollution . 
  that is , the light that 's emitted is more contained to the place you actually want to light , not the immediate general area , as is currently the case with the street lights . 
  they 've installed led lights in vriezenveen i believe , and you can see this effect quite clearly . 
  it 's a lot darker in people 's front yards with the led lights as compared to the old street lights . 
   but whatever , nato 'll give them a slap on the wrist . 
  why would nato do such a thing ? 
  it 's merely a military defence alliance , and russia has violated turkey 's airspace multiple times ( the letter refers to those incidents ) , and it has been warned multiple times . 
  even without the prior incidents , turkey was well within its right to down those planes while they were still in turkish airspace , because they had been warned for a period of 5 minutes on a channel that * every one * is supposed to listen in on . 
  no , nato wo n't do any such thing . 
  nor will the un . 
  turkey acted within its rights , russia did not . 
  that 's just their method of operating . 
  they do n't necessarily play by the same rules we do . 
  the russian federation air force 's planes that are doing the bomb runs there also have their ruaf markings removed for instance . 
  it would n't surprise me that they just did n't respond because they did n't think turkey would actually follow through . 
   from what they 've said so far they did n't even know it was russian , so it could have not even replied to the requests for identification . 
  russian federation 's military jets rarely , if ever , respond to these warnings . 
  at least over continental europe they never respond . 
  no , they 're not allowed to hold paying jobs until their application is granted . 
  volunteer jobs are allowed though . 
   they ca n't leave their compound ( if it is even that , many of them are housed in sports halls ) . 
  what ? 
  this is n't prison . 
  of course they 're free to leave their compounds . 
  in fact , in groningen , there 's a * free bus * from the azc to the city . 
  they 're also free to do volunteer work . 
  they ca n't pick up a paid job until they 're officially allowed in though , but that 's about as far as the official limitations go . 
   then it is not a solution . 
  exactly , it is part of a solution . 
  you need more housing , beter public transit and eventually , businesses need to start relocating as well . 
  the thing is that you 've got to start somewhere , so you might as well start by improving the public transit system . 
  i 'm not going to be living in a rental house for 30 years . 
  i 'm only renting because i need the flexibility . 
  they could , but the problem is that available space is limited . 
  especially in/around amsterdam/rotterdam . 
  space is widely available in groningen/friesland/drenthe . 
  you could encourage people to live there by improving the public transit network , and by encouraging stuff like telecommuting . 
  only building houses is n't really the right fix imho . 
   who is going to travel from groningen to amsterdam twice a day for a minimum wage job ? 
  noone , but i was n't referring to minimum wage jobs . 
  and go over budget . 
  yes , that 's the ` etc ' :d although to be honest , this scheme of ours would only work on completely dedicated , new infrastructure . 
  it depends on the material and trains etc that 's being used . 
  i did n't make `` cheap '' or `` easy '' a prerequisite , 
  too may stops . 
  you need a `` highway '' - type system . 
  collect travellers at leeuwarden/groningen , and from there go straight to utrecht/amsterdam , at high speed ( 300km/h or faster ) . 
  at utrecht/amsterdam you can change to ` regional ' rail ( i.e. 
  : intercity to amsterdam/rotterdam ) which travels at normal speeds ( 140-160km / h ) . 
  or alternatively build a new public transit hub somewhere in the randstad which distributes travellers via metro/lightrail/train / bus . 
  the public transit system should be fast enough that going by car should n't be a viable option any more . 
   i 'm sorry , but if ( multiple ) people call you a racist , you might just be one . 
  the problem here is not so much in being a ( n alleged ) racist , so much as it is that people are misusing the term ` racist ' . 
  let 's stop doing that , because discriminatory behaviour is already governed by law . 
  there 's no need to misuse terms here . 
  it only weakens the debate about * actual * racism . 
  only if you use it for a truly high-speed connection with as few transfers as possible . 
  if you want to go to amsterdam from groningen , you 're still bound to at least a 1 transfer , 2 + hour journey . 
  i can do that by car in the same time , door-to-door . 
   that is racist , whatever your opinion is , that 's just a plain simple fact . 
  no , it 's not * racist * , it 's * discriminatory * . 
  there 's a difference . 
   yes , but the private rentals are obscenely expensive . 
  that 's the same over here . 
  plus ridiculous income demands ( 4 or 5x your monthly income ( so for a rent of $ 800 you have to earn $ 3200 pre-taxes ) , long-term employment contracts etc ) .
