  so , someone who has been arrested for 10 burglaries and 2 violent criminal acts will be registered as follows : 1 time for total suspects , 1 time in white collar crimes ( vermogensdelicten ) , 1 time in violent criminal acts ( geweldsmisdrijven ) . 
  autochtoon means simply ` persons of whom both parents were born in the netherlands ' . 
  allochtoon means ` person of whom at least one parent was born in a foreign country ' . 
  westerse allochtoon means the definition of 4 , but limits the foreign countries to countries in europe ( except for turkey ) , northern america , oceania or indonesia or japan . 
  this is done on the basis of social-economical status . 
  this group primarily includes people from former dutch indies and employees of japanese companies and their families . 
  niet-westerse allochtoon : as in 4 , but the countries are : any country in africa , latin-america and asia ( except for indonesia and japan ) or turkey . 
  now , since you 've inquired as to the violent crimes you will want to take a look at the ` verdachten van geweldsmisdrijven ' row . 
  as you can see the total number of suspects of this type of crime for 2012 is very closely together . 
  it 's about 50/50 almost . 
  it would have been interesting to look at the ratio of ` autochtoon ' , ` allochtoon ' in the prison systems as well , but this data is not available on statline . 
  edit : i thought it would also be interesting to see how this would hold for youth , which are registered in the halt system . 
  you can find those figures [ by clicking here ] ( http://statline.cbs.nl/statweb/publication/?dm=slnl&amp;pa=71930ned&amp;d1=0-11&amp;d2=0&amp;d3=0&amp;d4=0-3&amp;d5=5-7&amp;hdr=g1,g2,g3,g4&amp;stb=t&amp;vw=t ) . 
  as you will notice there are far fewer allochtoon youths who have been in contact with the halt system compared to autochtoon youth . 
  ( definitions are the same . ), 
  this holds true when you filter on specific countries in which the parent ( s ) was born to turkey and morocco as well . 
  ( i chose those countries since these ethnic groups are part of wilders ' `` prosecution '' ) . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'll have to look it up if you 're genuinely interested . 
  perhaps that 's the case in sweden . 
  in the netherlands they 're not over represented in rape statistics . 
  mostly burglaries and shop lifting . 
   [ w ] ith around 24 percent of recipients saying they would vote for le pen in may . 
  ah , another media source that is unaware of the big gap that exists between what people say in these kind of polls , and what they actually do in the voting booth . 
  yes , it 's a change in the political landscape , but i do n't see this as something that 's very problematic . 
  if anything , it will force them to become more involved in the democratic process or risk being obliterated if they get too extreme . 
  you already see this happening to the pvv/wilders on a national level as he has proven himself to be an unreliable political partner . 
  he was punished for that the next elections . 
  this is part of a larger redevelopment program in the netherlands . 
  also being redeveloped with an emphasis on more ` green technology ' and preparations for high speed transit are utrecht centraal and amsterdam centraal amongst others . 
  other pieces of the puzzle include the new hanzelijn between utrecht and zwolle which goes through the province of flevoland , and has been designed for speeds of up to 200km/h . 
  this piece of railway has been operation for approximately 6 months or so . 
  do you have a link to this nrc piece ? 
  or a scanned copy , that 'd be great . 
  their analyses are usually very well put together and interesting to read . 
  wow . 
  i just . . wow . 
  insane . 
  i do n't know how the whole ` shale gas discussion ' went in poland , but in the netherlands people protested , the local governments listened and in turn protested in the hague . 
  as a result the research is being redone and the shale gas experiments have been delayed . 
  people tend to protest when they 've got concerns about stuff . 
  at least listen to their concerns and either educate them when they 're wrong , or change your plans when they 've got a point . 
  stupid permissions . 
  drilling for shale gas is a stupid idea if you care at all about the environment . 
  i know . 
  this map just needs a reality check :p, 
  there are some flaws though . 
  the frisian movement for instance does not want to include the province of groningen . 
  there 's mutual tension there that 's not been taken into account here . 
  also , pretty sure there are more separatist movements in germany and switzerland ( the germanic and french swiss do n't always get along ) . 
  i misread the title as `` only a few weeks until internet surveillance starts in norway to prevent privacy . '' . 
  it seems to be sadly appropriate here . 
  yes , from many years of going to france on family holidays . 
  i admit it is probably a bit dated as i have n't been to france in the last 4 years or so . 
  when i did visit it and i had actually studied french in school , i obviously was n't fluent in it ( still am not btw ) . 
  i could form sentences and ask for * croissants * and * baguettes * etc , but what a lot of french did ( especially the older french ) was to start speaking french at their normal pace which is just really , really fast . 
  they did not adjust their level at all . 
  thank you for correcting me . 
  i was doubting that , so i just added it in to be on the safe side . 
  basically what it would accomplish is to almost completely isolate great britain from the rest of europe politically and economically , and reduce it 's political influence on the world stage enormously . 
  although when you look at the way this whole thing is presented in the rest of the european media you will already get a sense of this . 
  it 's as if everyone is tired of the british with their silly antics all the time . 
  it would make foreign investing a lot more difficult . 
  there would no longer be an open border because it 's no longer an eu ~ ~ or schengen ~ ~ member state . 
  ( and the open border also accounts for easy movement of goods and knowledge , not just people . ), 
  industries would leave the uk and relocate to mainland europe or low-cost developing countries ; your unemployment figures would skyrocket ( this ties into the ` no longer open border ' argument ) as your financial sector does not need a big labor force . 
  the uk would lose a lot of subsidies it now receives from the eu , this will hurt your economy and make the uk less competitive in the global market . 
  again , unemployment will be a big problem . 
  this is just what springs to mind at this moment , i reckon with some real thinking about this issue someone will give you better/more arguments . 
  - wine - they refuse to speak english . 
  - they refuse to accommodate foreigners who try to speak french ; they 'll just rattle off like a friggin ' machine gun . 
  - nice houses . 
  - thalys network - home of renault , peugeot , citro\u00ebn and bugatti . 
  - they like to think their cuisine is the only haute cuisine . 
  - do n't mess with the gendarmerie . 
  - lots of tollways . 
  - rich history which you can still see today in the cities and on the countryside . 
   the advantage we still have is that in relation to the housing prices , rental prices are pretty low in belgium . 
  well , let 's hope it stays that way . 
  just to illustrate how fucked up the housing market in the netherlands still is , here 's my situation : as a starting couple we 're forced to rent . 
  not because we want to , but because all the houses that are actually future-proof are just way too expensive . 
  yes , our prices have dropped , but because a lot of people are now left behind with more mortgage than their house is worth on today 's market , they 're not selling . 
  as a result , we 're renting . 
  because we make too much money for social renting ( just $ 100 , - per month above the limit ) we 're forced to rent from private companies . 
  this means that for a maisonette of 110m \u00b2 we 're paying as much in rent as my parents are paying on their mortgage , energy bill and maintenance costs combined . 
  and they live in a fully detached villa . 
  in an area that 's way more attractive than where we live . 
  i mean , that 's just insane and the really fucked up part is that i 'm not the only one who has to live like this . 
  a majority of young people that are fresh out of college/university and are just starting are making too little to be able to buy , but too much to be able to rent socially . 
  they are therefore forced to either live at home with mom and dad , stay in their college rooms or rent from a private company . 
  in my opinion that 's not a healthy situation in the long term . 
  as long as they use the word `` kn\u00e4ckebr\u00f6d '' in every sentence i 'd believe them . 
  just broker the deal in sweden then . 
  or on the ferry where you buy cheap booze . 
  large parts of it anyway . 
  we should 've been born earlier . 
  that article might as well be about the netherlands . 
  not in the translation parts ? 
  i got voices in both the `` do you think this sounds pretty and what language do you think it is ? '', 
  and the `` translate this within 10s '' parts .
