  agreed . 
  as for the other part : let 's wait and see how things pan out . 
  i 'd like to think the eu has n't been given more power just for nothing with regards to this subject . 
  although i do share your cynicism when it comes down to treating all countries equally and applying the rules to each country equally . 
  if the past is anything to go by , it does n't bode well for the rules . 
  first , as you recall there are 28 members , so france would n't be alone in paying off others debts ( which they are already doing , just in a different way ) . 
  these burdens would therefore be shared amongst a lot more countries . 
  second , i said : `` i do n't think they would ever say yes to such a deal . 
  it 's just something they say to get into position in this whole tax - `` war '' . '' . 
  i do hope that 's clear enough as far as my standpoint on this whole thing with regards to a shared financial policy eu-wide . 
  i do n't see it happening any time soon , and * if * it happens , it 'll be because there is a * need to do so * and that need is n't there at this moment . 
  while you 're right about the euro-part , i do recall the netherlands having to find $ 6 bln extra or be fined by the eu/ec . 
  they [ eu ] sent the netherlands back to the drawing table with their first budget . 
  so it 's not like the good old days where france and germany could just piss all over the budget and get away with it ( or perhaps it is because the netherlands is smaller and has less leverage in brussels ) . 
  anyway , the point i 'm trying to get across is that for the euro-countries , ` brussels ' can already partially control the budget and thereby influence tax-policies in those countries , and they 've been using that extra power as well . 
  so in that sense the heads of the euro-countries ' governments have been cut off ( or are being threatened to be cut off ) . 
   do n't you realise the finances are pooled ? 
  i do , however when you look at france 's finances , things are not that well and have not been for a couple of years . 
  also do n't forget that quite a few of france 's biggest employers ( including government-owned renault ) have begun laying off staff in france and moving production and r&d outside of france - and in some cases outside of the eu entirely . 
  so the outlook for france as a whole is n't too bright for the mediumlong term . 
  they need to do something to regain momentum , and a shared fiscal policy could be one of those things . 
  however , i do n't think they would ever say yes to such a deal . 
  it 's just something they say to get into position in this whole tax - `` war '' . 
  with regards to your other statements : that 's the way a society operates . 
  it 's no different for say belgium or the netherlands . 
  the richer areas of these countries provide for the poorer areas . 
  that 's how it is pretty much everywhere . 
  the solidarity-principle at work . 
   taxation is one of the most powerful tools of the government - if you remove that you might as well remove their heads . 
  has n't that already happened ? 
  i mean , the budgets of eu-members have to be given the ok by the eu before they can actually be implemented by the eu-member . 
  in a way that 's already removing the heads of the various countries . 
  there are just not a lot of people who are willing to admit it just yet . 
  i do n't think it 'd be something they 're striving for , but it would be favourable for france if everything was to be shared . 
  they have a very strong union presence and as a result of that the costs of pensions in particular will come around to bite them eventually . 
   and having dutch contribute equipment means that it now will at least be partially functional . 
  yeah ... about that ... we 're going to need to lease a couple of tanks from you guys , because we gave ours away to finland . 
   why the fuck are you guys so similar to us . 
  they also have a flat , boring landscape . 
   new year 's up north is really just about the most gezellig you can get !, 
  ah yes , carbid schieten and watching cars burn . 
  as long as you give us your waffles and your chocolate , we 're okay with it . 
  the falklands are a [ british overseas territory ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_overseas_territories ) . 
  kind of the same deal some of our islands have , which means they 're not automatically a part of the eu . 
   it 's the same everywhere . 
  for the netherlands there is still the issue of war crimes in the colonies ( indonesia ) and how hard it seems to accept that . 
  ca n't apologise for summary executions or it will upset the veterans . 
  you 're behind the times on this one . 
  we [ apologized ] ( http://www.nrc.nl/nieuws/2013/09/12/nederland-biedt-excuses-aan-voor-executies-indonesie/ ) for these executions in 2013 , and paid the families of the victims in 2014 . 
  the politional actions have been in history books for decades . 
  nobody is denying we did terrible things in indonesia right after wwii . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  one question remains though , why is the government giving them money instead of breaking up the protests ? 
  over here such protests would be met with riot police arresting them , not with the government paying them off . 
   because the french have a much more intense explanation of ` protesting ' , at least if you take a look at history . 
  this is by far not the first time shit like this happens , and it is directly correlated to the massive power unions still hold there . 
  if major french unions decide to go on strike , the whole of france is paralyzed . 
  you can compare it to asking for better labour terms at gunpoint , as that is what it basically amounts to . 
  i know all of this , but * why * are they on strike right now ? 
  for what reason ? 
  is the government cutting back on subsidies ? 
  did they change the way farmers are taxed or allowed to do their jobs ? 
  in other words , what changed that the farmers are now on strike ? 
   rolls of the tongue more easily i guess . 
  very true . 
  fewer syllables means it 's easier to pronounce . 
  to be fair though , that is what a true fiscal union entails ; transfer of wealth to support those less fortunate . 
  i 'd have no problems with an extension of the debt repayment period to  100 years to be honest . 
  at least that gives the greeks a fighting chance . 
   the man is a known bullshitter  dijsselbloem is n't though , and he 's also been quite adamant about this subject after the whole debacle with varoufakis . 
  personally i think they 're following germany 's hard line to get the greeks to understand they 've run out of options . 
  i agree , but i 'd say that a formidable threat at least gives politicians the option to use force . 
  we do n't even have that . 
  just look at our current eu un/nato missions , which are all small scale operations , and yet we 're still basically overextended . 
  especially logistically . 
   i believe that a `` we dont like your proposal '' at tuesday 's eurogroup would immediatelly set all the grexit mechanisms in motion . 
   it was meant to be the final proposal , yet they managed to get another small extension until tomorrow . 
  if that fails , bye bye paraguay . 
  if that works , well like i said it worked . 
  i do n't know if it would have meant a greek exit to be honest . 
  after all , it would have been the first concrete proposal in more than five months of negotiating . 
  dijsselbloem at least is very pro-negotiating if that 's at all possible , though the recent lack of proposals seems to have driven him to be more hard-line about what greece should do . 
  and in my book that 's not good , because crises are only resolved if communication ( and thus negotiations ) remain possible at all times . 
  and yes , that means both sides will have to make concessions . 
   take a look at the receipt thread if you havent . 
  yeah , that topic surprised me . 
   the `` we start on monday if we have a deal tomorrow '' is a promise syriza cant really run from . 
  and thats a good thing . 
  it is , but what 's worrying me is that that means they 've got to start implementing reforms based on a proposal that seems to have been slapped together in a day or two . 
  i 'd much rather have had them implementing reforms based on refined , thoroughly negotiated proposals to be honest . 
   true that , but think about it for a second . 
  you bring your written proposals to the tuesday eurogroupa and they get rejected . 
  then what ? 
  then you take the feedback or criticism onboard and go back to the drawing table to come up with a modified proposal . 
  at least that shows you 're taking things seriously . 
   it was a strategy . 
  call it a bad , gambling strategy but it was the one they followed and it remains to be seen if it pays off . 
  just like the 5 month negotiation nothingness we had to endure , they must have some reason for it . 
  even if it doesnt make sense to us since we do n't know all the variables in play . 
  i really hope so .
