  `` want to have an exciting holiday ? 
  come to belgium and kill someone ! '', 
   to explain , i was trying to reconstruct how you meant to answer the question `` why do you think it 's unlikely '' with that comment comparing belgium to the netherlands ... 
  it was meant to illustrate that there are still vast differences between what a drivers license is worth . 
  in country a you actually learn to drive properly , and in country b you just do n't . 
  those differences alone make it unlikely that what you 're trying to do would be possible . 
   as for reasons why i 'm interested : i do n't live in germany , and both sweden and germany are quite expensive . 
  never learned to drive , 23 now , unemployed , ca n't spare 1400 eur . 
  ah , i just figured you lived in germany because of the bavaria-flair . 
  anyway , good luck in getting out of the situation . 
  oh , something just popped into my head and i know it 's a silly suggestion , but why not : if you 're not in the position to pay for a drivers education , you could always see if you can join the military . 
  in most armed forces it 's possible to get your drivers license paid for by the military . 
   belgian driving lessons suck . 
  this is true when you get your driving lessons from your mom and dad . 
  i know there are professional driving schools in belgium , but hardly anybody ever uses them except for practising theory . 
   non-residents would be certain to mostly drive abroad , not in belgium . 
  belgians drive abroad a lot of the time as well though . 
   belgium thinks its unfair to let the shitty drivers their system produces loose on foreign roads . 
  hahaha , unfortunately not . 
   hence , they wo n't issue non-residents a license . 
  your problem here is with the ` non-residents ' part . 
  as long as you become a ( temporary ) resident of belgium , i think they 'll issue you a license . 
  the same thing goes for the netherlands afaik . 
  you have to be a resident , because the drivers licenses are handed out by the municipalities . 
  but seeing as you 're from germany , why do n't you just go ahead and get your drivers license there ? 
  your system is renowned for its quality . 
   why do you think it 's unlikely ? 
  because there are still a lot of differences in the whole ` getting your license process ' and also in whether or not you have a ` beginners drivers license ' . 
  for instance : in the netherlands you can go out and get a drivers license when you 're 17 , but you 're not allowed to drive without your tutor , or with peers , until you 're 18 . 
  if you go and get your license at 18 , those rules do n't apply . 
  in both cases though , you do get a beginners license with different rules for speeding , dui 's , etc. 
  and then there 's the educational part . 
  in the netherlands you can only get driving lessons by government approved driving schools . 
  those guys are always professional driving instructors that have to take periodic retests themselves to ensure the quality of the drivers education . 
  you also have to get a separate theory license * before * you are allowed to try your hand at a practical exam . 
  now go to belgium and you only have to get a theory license . 
  afterwards , driving instructions can be given to you by your parents ( which is why belgians ca n't drive for shit , they never learn how to properly drive at all ) . 
  my advice to you is to not skimp on the money here . 
  get the best driving education you can afford , as it will help you out when you are in a tough spot . 
  there 's a reason certain countries have lower death rates in traffic than other , one of those reasons is that those countries have a good drivers education system . 
  people try to have sex by penetrating a belly button , so ... probably ? 
  aaah , the illustrious major mayor . 
   we have different capabilities , i believe we have to provide all the airborne radar , only we have aircraft carriers , so on and so forth . 
  the first part is very true , but this stems from different views on force projection . 
  the eu is n't particularly concerned with large scale military force projection . 
  we generally use political and financial powers to do so . 
  and in the case of military force projection we generally use elite troops with state of the art equipment . 
  ( it goes without saying that the newer eu members have some catching up to do here . ), 
  the second part is just not true . 
  eu has its own awacs air planes , own air refuelling wing , own drone programme , and own ( spy ) satellite programme . 
  the thing is , there are multiple ways to achieve what you want . 
  you guys use big carrier battle groups which are very impressive . 
  we use land based air power , frigates that are armed like destroyers and extremely stealthy submarines to reach our goals . 
  for example : the german and italian navy have the worlds first diesel-electric , air independent powered submarines in service in the world , with a tested maximum depth of over 700m ( [ type 212/214 ] ( http://www.naval-technology.com/projects/type_212/ ) ) . 
  because of where we have our air bases , we can project air power into our region without the use of big carriers . 
  it 's only when we go outside of our region ( like in the case of afghanistan ) that we need carriers . 
  for iraq all eu-nation sorties were flown out of italy , greece or turkey . 
  no need for carriers there . 
  now , since the eu is n't interested in a ` world police ' - role like the us has , we do n't care all that much for force projection outside of our own region . 
  we are interested in peace and quiet in our own region and that 's it . 
  if you guys call , we 'll usually answer , sometimes hesitantly , but we answer ( look at iraq and afghanistan ) . 
  but that does n't mean we need the same capabilities . 
  yes , they tend to keep the really cool stuff for themselves . 
  ok , duly noted . 
  what point are you trying to get across in relation to my earlier post ? 
  while that is true , it does save our politicians from spending money on what is usually considered to be an unpopular part of the government . 
  i 'm with / u/sit _ down_on_it here . 
  i 'd like to see our own eu armed forces , but as long as that 's not happening , i do n't mind the us troops here . 
  the us and dutch forces work together quite a lot . 
  in fact , our air force pilots ( both apache flyers/gunners and f-16 / f35 pilots ) have part of their training in the us . 
  granted , the dutch armed forces are too small to make any difference on their own , but the equipment is generally top notch and compatible with what the americans use . 
  exactly . 
  look at how it 's nowadays . 
  people are proud to be from [ town/city ] , [ province/county ] , [ country ] and sometimes the eu . 
  having a more integrated eu would n't mean that you would n't be able to be proud of all those things . 
  it just means that the roles the various governments have change . 
   but you ca n't have many of those things without a stable and functioning ( preferably non-corrupt ) central government . 
  which is why we have to assist them in setting up shop . 
  and since it 's their shop , it should be set up with whatever values they hold true . 
  do n't mistake my comment for a warmongering one , because it is n't . 
  you do n't ` export democracy ' by invading other countries , you export it by assisting them in any way they need and ask of you . 
   what fucking wealth and luxury ? 
  think of it this way : you are in the position to say this whilst at work , at school or at home . 
  you have various degrees of freedom in what you do , but you 're not living under the stress of being shot or tortured to death because you disagree with your government . 
  your civil liberties and rights are put into law , and can be upheld in a court of law . 
  you live in wealth and luxury . 
  you can go to the store and buy as much as you can afford . 
  this includes everything from food to stuff like cars and planes . 
  you have central heating , plumbing , running water , gas , and electricity is always ` just there ' . 
  you either have a diploma in your field or are on your way to getting one . 
  or you do n't , but you at least have the opportunity to go out and get one , or you had that opportunity and decided to pass on it . 
  if you 're injured or hurt , you can go to your general physician or the local hospital and you are treated . 
  that trip to get there can be in an ambulance if it 's serious , or you can go there yourself , perhaps even take public transit if it 's a minor injury , but it 's not a trip that takes days or even weeks . 
  these refugees usually do n't have any of this . 
  not even the stuff that we consider to be basic needs . 
   the problem is that our wealth is n't infinite . 
  resources generally are n't . 
    the more we give away , the less we have . 
  and there 's a whole bunch of them . 
  i know .
