  it 's a very cold way of dealing with people . 
  it 's also why the reforms that have happened in a lot of european countries with regards to pensions will fail . 
  no one wants to employ someone who 's past the age of 55 . 
  just take a look around at the unemployment lines , talk to your older neighbours -- you see it happening everywhere . 
  so if we want to succeed , we as a society need to change a lot of things . 
  quite the design if they can pull it off . 
  haha , it only gets worse . 
  wow . 
  this party 's programme looks like someone was either psychotic or on acid while writing and submitting it . 
  just bizarre . 
   my goal was to point that the eu should stop thinking about money , populism and elections and act more on the base of the european core values , freedom and democracy , even if it comes at a cost . 
  but the eu has not been doing so for a long time . 
  the same goes for the politicians and governments of individual countries . 
  politicians are a means to an end these days , not those in power . 
  the fact of the matter is that politicians listen more to large corporations like banks , than to the people they 're supposed to be representing . 
  just take a look at how they actually vote in parliament . 
  the large corporations have a very effective lobby , do n't underestimate their impact on our day-to-day lives . 
  well , that will be interesting . 
  especially the russian jet looks very good on paper when you compare the two side by side . 
  you mean the ones that are n't off the drawing table yet ? 
  that explains it . 
  a shame whoever created it missed the deployment of the kdc-10 that 's on refuelling deployment in poland . 
   ( though sadly the portuguese media is reporting the pilots are finding dutch army sandwiches uneatable ah , the famous dutch cuisine . 
  i 'm sorry but since we 're still in a period of austerity , everything that has anything to do with armed forces will face budget cuts . 
  i apologize for our completely incompetent politicians . 
  it has also been upgraded quite significantly over the past few years . 
  the gripen is quite possibly the coolest looking fighter jet ever made . 
  how can a dutchman forget the dutch deployment because of this ? 
  the government will most likely deploy a frigate , a minehunter and 312 squadron . 
  i know the dutch defence budget is a joke , but we 've not sold everything * yet * . 
  let 's hope you do n't have to go back !, 
   should be a requirement to get citizenship in the first place . 
  it is , although it 's only actually begun to get enforced during the past couple of years . 
  so a lot of the older immigrants that came here for work in the ' 60 's / 70 's do n't speak dutch at all or just barely . 
  not because they ca n't , but because they planned on going back after they were done working and at the time learning dutch was n't an issue at all . 
  it was assumed that it would come naturally . 
   uvv uwv   guessing this would mean basic dutch for eu foreigners as well according to the draft law , yes . 
  it makes no distinction between non-eu and eu foreigners . 
  i agree , but the methods by which they operate vary greatly . 
  western propaganda ( yes , it does exist ) is much , much more subtle , whereas the russians are more militaristic in how they exert control over people , businesses and media . 
   their methods you just answered your own question . 
  no and yes . 
  wo n't stop me from downloading anything . 
  it is nice that various appliances like tablets and pc 's are going to get cheaper though . 
  that 's unfortunate . 
   we 'll see anemic growth rather than a recovery . 
  to be honest i do n't really care right now . 
  i 'd just like a job  also , apparently i only know these 3/10 dutch people . 
  does n't change the fact you could n't win by yourselves . 
  did you forget the italian actions in africa and greece during ww2 , for example ? 
  not sure if i should click on that link or not ... 
  there is also a correlation between the distance with which other road users pass cyclists when they are or are n't wearing a helmet . 
  unsurprisingly , this distance is smaller when the cyclist wears a helmet . 
  not that it matters in the netherlands , because on most roads -- especially those in the cities -- the trafficstreams are completely separated . 
  they only collide at traffic lights and roundabouts . 
  there was no traffic . 
  everything was shut down because of the nss . 
  no , we need that gold to pay the fuel of the tanks . 
  you 're right that they 're part of a military pact , but not to this extent :  the deal involves joint military exercises , coordinated defense procurement and joint defense development of the four central european countries . 
  most notably the joint defense procurement and development are new things for these countries . 
  indeed !, 
  i 'm quite excited by this as well . 
  hopefully the other eu members will see that this is the way forward . 
  the netherlands :  what is your age and do you own a house ? 
  i 'm 27 . 
  i currently live together with my girlfriend in a commercially rented house ( ` vrije markt huurwoning ' ) . 
   do you expect that you will own a house sometime soon ? 
  not for at least another 6 years due to having to move a lot during those years . 
  this has to do with my gf 's work . 
  however , if we would n't have to move a lot in the coming years , we still would n't have bought a house . 
  the market is n't done deflating yet . 
   how 's the situation in your country in general . 
  it 's been better . 
  the housing market has been hit quite hard by the banking crisis . 
  a lot of people have a mortgage that is currently higher than their house can be sold for due to the housing market deflating it 's bubble . 
  therefore these people are ( understandably ) unwilling or unable to move as you ca n't finance a left-over debt in a new mortgage anymore . 
  also banks have gotten a lot stricter on who they 're willing to give a mortgage to . 
  currently it depends a lot on where you live . 
  for instance in amsterdam the housing market is recovering and prices have stabilized , but in other parts of the country the housing market is still in a pretty bad shape . 
  property value is consistently going down and down . 
  there is also a movement of people coming from the countryside and living in the city . 
  as a result some towns have entire streets that are just sitting empty . 
  this is mostly found in limburg and noord/oost-groningen . 
  you ca n't because the guy has been active in the past 60 days . 
  edit : a word . 
  yes , the sub is set to private . 
  so , basically , unless you 're a mod , you ca n't enter . 
  shorter and in dutch : http://tweakers.net/nieuws/94810/europarlement-steunt-strengere-privacyregels-en-minder-samenwerking-met-vs.html, 
   but whatever . 
  let 's just continue on with the hyperbole , stop all sigint , call it a day , stumble in the dark , and let the russians do whatever they wish ... or in other words : business as usual . 
  nice , i did n't know that . 
  til . 
  that 's just absurd . 
  i can understand they want to preserve their history , but you can also overdo it ... 
  i think i found what they 've used in my current house : http://www.ballytherm.ie/wall-insulation/drylined-wall-insulation/ it really does work well , but you must remember to use special plugs whenever you try and hang something to the wall . 
   it 's very awkward to insulate the original part as the walls are just basically stone/brick ( brick when you go up to the first floor ) and do n't have any space for insulation . 
  up until i moved into my current home i did n't know this existed , but you can insulate a house with special boarding . 
  in my house it 's an extra ( house is from 2011 , triple glazing , heating/cooling through a heat exchange unit that uses the canals water etc etc ) and this house is extremely steady in it 's temperatures . 
  as an added bonus , those plates help insulate sound as well . 
  i 'll see if i can find some info about these things online .
