  even more so than the isis members that were fighting from the beginning . 
   i understand the difference in usage . 
  my point was by the standard of social health ; i.e. 
  the factors measured by who - longevity , clean water , civil freedoms , median pay accounting for ppp , etc. 
  i was n't saying russia cares - i was saying by those measures this will hurt his people , which is obvious . 
  and you 're right , russia would hurt its citizens more . 
  we 're in agreement . 
  however , even taking that into the equation is a western viewpoint . 
  that 's what i 'm trying to get you to see . 
  it 's not in the equation as far as russia is concerned . 
   perhaps . 
  but when accounting for the massive spying apparatus of the western world i doubt they had much doubt . 
  here we touch on the difference of signals intelligence and human intelligence . 
  to fully grasp the width of the modernization programme , you need humint more than you need sigint . 
  and guess what we , the western countries , have dropped in favour of massive sigint programmes ? 
    besides the point . 
  i was just comparing russia 's adoption of new hardware and their tendency to let old hardware sit around , not retrofitted , and try to equate the two . 
  while comparatively the west keeps their hardware up-to-date . 
  no doubt , that 's why i pointed it out as a sidenote , 
  and if he is , he does n't get my post at all . 
  which is why i asked him to explain his reply instead of just dumping something like he did and then running away . 
  oh well , we 'll never know i guess . 
   same professional units that fought in georgia are now active in ukraine , gathered together from all around russia . 
  their having a tiny core of well-trained and well-equipped troops does n't mean that the whole of their armed forces are of similar quality . 
  i know , i stated they are very well trained , which they generally are . 
  especially the contract soldiers . 
  conscript quality varies wildly . 
  yes , we upgraded all our leopard 2 's to the 2a6m standard and then , instead of using them ourselves , we sold all of them to the finnish armed forces for less than the upgrade cost us . 
   you do n't know your history in that case . 
  do n't be afraid to try and educate me . 
  or are you afraid i might actually learn something ? 
   i heard an estimate that russia is approaching 2000 killed in ukraine . 
  that is in seven months of skirmishes . 
  in the decade spent in iraq under constant bombardment , roadside bombs , major battles to retake cities the us lost approximately 4,000 soldiers . 
  7 months in and russia is halfway to the total causalities that the us had in a single decade long war and they have n't even hit their capital yet . 
  haha , well , the thing is , putin is n't in it to quickly crush the opposing forces - which he could do . 
  he 's in it to destabilize the region , the country , its industry , its infrastructure and its international political position . 
  as an aside , he 's also using this to see how effective his macro-economical powers and bought influence in various large economical sectors are with regards to the various members of the eu . 
  to test such things , you need time , so he buys himself time . 
  he does so by limiting the roe for his forces , by limiting the amount of , and type of material they can use , and by limiting his use of force in general . 
  notice that he has n't used his naval power in the area , nor has he used any air superiority . 
  this is the new type of conflict we 're going to see in the next decade or so . 
  it 's not all about material supremacy , it 's about the end game and the ways required to get there . 
   if by ` typical western viewpoint ' you mean factual analysis , then yes , of course . 
  no , i mean the stance you 're taking in your factual analysis is typically western . 
  we tend to consider the population as something to take care of , and to tend to their needs . 
  : not hurting their interests is one of the primary tasks for any western politician . 
  but it is n't even in the same book for a russian politician . 
  as long as putin has the control he has , all he has to look out for is to keep the population from starving . 
   in comparative terms russia 's military is out-dated [ . ], 
  read carefully , i never stated otherwise . 
  i stated :  [ w ] e did n't realise to what extent they had already been modernized . 
  that 's the kicker here . 
  his modernization programme has been far bigger already to date than we estimated . 
  that primarily goes for the tactics , strategy and type of units deployed . 
  nato military command was caught off guard on that account . 
  they never had anticipated that putin was this far already . 
  also , just as a sidenote :  with only a small fraction being their modernized t-90sm . 
  the t-90sm is the updated version of the t-90s , their exportversion of the t-90 . 
  it is n't used within the russian armed forces at all . 
  india etc. 
  uses the t-90s and t-90sm . 
   it 's not about caring about their welfare as we do in the west . 
  it 's about risking how far down to push them . 
  putin does n't care about the middle classes etc. 
  but he is a complete idiot if he thinks he can push the people down into poverty . 
  and he is indeed taking that risk . 
  and here 's where the `` i do n't care '' factor kicks in . 
  the thing is , putin does n't care about any of the aforementioned stuff you just typed . 
  he has the mass media under control , so he can spin it any way he wants to . 
  he also has all political , military , and judiciary power firmly under control . 
  there is no need to care about the population at all , so long as they do n't starve to death because that will trigger a revolt . 
   if russia hopes to severe inter-dependency on the west it will hurt his people a lot more this is a typical western viewpoint . 
  the thing is , russia does n't care about its people . 
  not in the way the west does . 
  add to that the fact that putin already has majority control over the way information is presented within russia , and you 'll soon come to realise that this factor is n't as big as you think it is . 
  it 'll only become problematic when ( or if ) the population of russia is starving for a prolonged period of time . 
  also , looking at the speed and precision with which putin manages to build up his armed forces in ukraine , and how he uses them , let me assure you : the russian armed forces are very well trained . 
  in fact , it 's caught nato off guard . 
  we knew putin was modernizing his forces , but we did n't realise to what extent they had already been modernized . 
  that realisation is now starting to sink in . 
  there are rumours afloat that we 're going to be purchasing some 25 - 50 leopard 2a7 's as well . 
  defence budget has also been increased with $ 100mln annually . 
  not a lot , but it 's a sign in the right direction . 
   we have to pay for it though and it 's one of the key issues for scotland wanting to leave . 
  well , change the way the funding works . 
  but why stop there , why not roll it all into one thing : an eu armed forces . 
  that way everyone could get much more value for money when it comes to all thing military . 
  nah , you can just ban russian aircraft and leave the chinese/indians etc out of this . 
  the other thing that would happen is that the eu would set up a fund to compensate the eu airlines that have been hit by those sanctions , to keep any eu airlines from going bankrupt . 
   why did they paint it over partially ? 
  do n't know , perhaps it was actually deployed to ukraine at some point . 
  a lot of the military gear russia sends to ukraine , or in fact almost all of that gear , has been painted over . 
  identifiers removed or painted over with white paint to form `` rebel markers '' so as to disguise the russian involvement . 
  i 'm not saying that 's the case per se , it 's just one of many possible explanations . 
  true . 
  a nationstate eu could solve that though . 
  just remove all internal borders and keep only the ones that touch other countries , problem solved . 
  at least for most of europe that is . 
  jesus , i 'm currently living in groningen and after seeing this i feel a sudden urge to move .
