  they 're not like any human i 've ever met , thank god ... 
  this is awful , horrible thing to happen during a sporting occasion . 
  my thoughts are with you my french friends , vive la france !, 
  oh , i do n't think she 's confused * at all * , i think she 's a hateful aul ' nazi bitch ... 
  i 'd throw in : star of the sea - joseph o'connor dubliners - joyce again for modern stuff , anything by roddy doyle , joseph o'connor , patrick mccabe or john banville is good ... 
  [ big mick ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/michael_collins_ ( irish_leader ) , or if we 're talking legends , this [ lad ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/c%c3%ba_chulainn ) , honorable mention to [ brian boru ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/brian_boru ), 
  seriously ? 
  the brits are usually a bit better with the banter , you sound like a yank ... 
  itt : brits frantically masturbating to the memories of empire , and acting like dickheads , so , a tuesday ... 
  i hear north korea is nice this time of year ... 
  of course that particular planted and engineered majority would have no vested historical , economic or social reason to want to remain part of the uk . 
  someone does n't know his history ... 
  jesus , you 'd think that you 'd be able to spell unique properly , it 's not like english is your second language , but given the genuine idiocy of your comment , it 's unfortunately not surprising that you 're unable to write coherently ... 
  we 'd be far more inclined towards a ni/irish/scottish union than any ridiculous thoughts of rejoining the uk , absent that , an independent scotland would always have a friend in ireland , even though they would most likely be our economic competitors ... 
  fuck trevalayne the genocidal cunt ? 
  england did inflict a lot of genocidal cunts on us , it can be hard to keep track , its almost like there was some kind of desire to wipe us out over centuries by multiple british governments , but that ca n't be right , the british are the * good guys * ... 
  ireland : i 've always viewed russia as part of europe , culturally and historically , russia has contributed hugely . 
  its just sad that the country did n't go in another direction in the last 20 years ... 
  i do n't get the tanzania thing ? 
  puerto rico was always the ( prospective ) 51st state to me , is there another one in africa ? 
  as for the `` is there anything to be said for another mass ? '', 
  thing , here ye [ go ] ( https://youtu.be/nc_abuffrce ) seriously , if you liked `` should we all be racists now father ? '', 
  watch the entire series , its by grahem linehan , the writer of the it crowd , its available on most torrent websites , you might miss a few nuances , but everyone from abroad i 've ever shown it to loved it !, 
  shite , yeah , sorry , autocorrect has been giving me the gip today , i meant asking . 
  inis oir/oirr is the irish name , inisheer is the anglicisation , they speak irish in the island so i like to use the irish name . 
  as for the puerto rico thing , i just love that someone from ( presumably ) that part of the world had heard of father ted !, 
  is there anything to be said for having another mass ? 
  well , there was the gallowglasses/gall \u00f3glaigh , hard men , always up for a bit of a row ... 
  look lads , it 's fecking simple right ? 
  donegal is in the north of ireland , but not the north of ireland , its in the north , but not the north , people from there are from the north of ireland , but not the north of ireland , and they 're certainly not northern irish , though they are ulstermen . 
  although donegal is more northerly than northern ireland , and is the most northerly part of the island of ireland , its definitely in the south , simples ... * thanks england *, 
  i love that someone with a puerto rico flair is asking where craggy island is !, 
  the intro was shot on the aran islands ( inis oir - small island : we 're a descriptive bunch ) , the external shoots were done in west clare ( the mainland closest to the aran islands ) apparently the owners of the parochial house are lovely : http://www.fathertedshouse.com, 
  would n't have her any other way ... 
  sure look now ... 
  i like that one , i have to say , i speak german myself and that feels the most fitting ... 
  meh , close enough ... * i kid , i kid * ... 
  you 'll take it and you 'll like it !, 
  not adverse to a bit of the aul ' choppy-choppy in their day ... 
  never been to monaghan , and i probably never will be , you can blame patrick kavanagh for that , i can still recite that fecking poem today ... 
  feck off , fucking donegal irish , * ruined * my irish oral so it did ... 
  i had decided to be the better man ... not difficult when you 're talking to an englishman ... * boom * . . 
  yeah , [ this ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_philip_holland ) lad , from my neck of the woods as it happens , built the * fenian ram * ... 
  is there a fella holding a shotgun and wearing an `` i shot jr '' t-shirt sitting on a wall ? 
  you 're there so ... 
  could just as easily be speaking irish if i 'm honest ... 
  who though ? 
  those kind of people would be looking for advantages and benefits , what advantages would there be ? 
  an nhs on the brink of dismantlement ? 
  we already have free trade , the only thing i can see is the bbc , which is great . 
  the disadvantages would be massive , lower standard of living , higher inequality , decisions about ireland being made in london , being dragged into wars , cost of education , i do n't see any objective case for it , leaving everything else aside ... 
  i thought it was irish , the submarine , not the cd , us irish have a great hatred of cd 's , they do n't allow you to put music on a player without the owners permission ... 
  just an fyi , clare is far from a plain , though we probably did n't have a word for `` wind blasted rock storage area '' , i bet that sounds great in german actually ... edit : i 'm off to start a petition to have my beloved home county of clare become a german protectorate , the craic will be only neunzig !, 
  `` is maith liom caca milis '' `` so , it is war then '' ... 
  few too many pucks to the head on his part methinks !, 
  given the historical narrative i think its understandable why a lot of people might be defensive about it though . 
  to contemplate union with britain would be denigrating the memories of millions of dead irish people who fought and died for the exact opposite , and to ignore what had gone before , you can still see the scars of the famine in the countryside around where i 'm from , my village was burned down by the black and tans in 1920 . 
  you know the saying , the irish remember too much , the british too little !, 
  well , with mcgregor he 's been a bit of a twit , he plays the celtic warrior thing up big time , he walks out to the foggy dew ffs !, 
  `` as down the glen one easter morn to a city fair rode i there armed lines of marching men in squadrons passed me by no fife did hum nor battle drum did sound it 's dread tatoo but the angelus bell o'er the liffey swell rang out through the foggy dew right proudly high over dublin town they hung out the flag of war 't was better to die ` neath an irish sky than at sulva or sud el bar and from the plains of royal meath strong men came hurrying through while britannia 's huns , with their long range guns sailed in through the foggy dew 't was britannia bade our wild geese go that small nations might be free but their lonely graves are by sulva 's waves or the shore of the great north sea oh , had they died by pearse 's side or fought with cathal brugha their names we will keep where the fenians sleep ` neath the shroud of the foggy dew but the bravest fell , and the requiem bell rang mournfully and clear for those who died that eastertide in the springing of the year and the world did gaze , in deep amaze , at those fearless men , but few who bore the fight that freedom 's light might shine through the foggy dew ah , back through the glen i rode again and my heart with grief was sore for i parted then with valiant men whom i never shall see more but to and fro in my dreams i go and i 'd kneel and pray for you , for slavery fled , o glorious dead , when you fell in the foggy dew . '', 
  it just displays a stunning lack of insight and awareness on his part imo ... 
  you 're * far * from alone in that , there 's piles of english/irish/british with the same cultural/ethnic quandary , english blood , irish heart , and all that !, 
  i think that since the end of the troubles its a non-issue , you can identify with whatever you want or a bit of everything , whatever you 're having yourself . 
  i do n't think there 's an issue with irish serving in the british army anymore either , not that i 'd be aware of anyway , and its not like people who do so are n't following in the footsteps of millions of others , 40 % of wellingtons army in the napoleonic wars were irish as an example ... 
  ah yeah , just giving you some insight , support for it would be in the margins of a rounding error , less than 5 % , possibly even 1 % , and a healthy proportion of those would be actual english people living in ireland . 
  people of a coi background are fairly fully integrated in roi , i would n't see their support for it being too much of an outlier imo ... 
  shhh * she 'll hear you * ... 
  that 's pretty much bang on , hard to get away with being an atheist in ni , the key part would be whether you were a * catholic * or a * protestant * atheist ... ;-), 
  not to mention the jersey islands , gibraltar , the virgin islands , and the greatest of them all , the city of london , the brits obviously do n't like it up em ' on tax policy !, 
  what about your previous comment that you deleted , calling my country a shithole ? 
  i 've no interest in arguing with a one day old troll account . 
  once again , feck off , troll ... 
  well , its highly unlikely that someone of a different colour comes from a community that at best disdains yours , at worst , would like to see it destroyed . 
  religion and politics in ni are inseparable , have been for centuries , not that most are religious at all , its part of your ethnic make-up ... 
  i thought i told you to feck off troll ? 
  are you going to delete this comment as well ? 
  ooh , brilliant stuff , feck off , troll ... 
  well , while past performance is n't a guarantee of future performance , the fact is that there is n't a remote chance that any sane irish person would even consider contemplating union with britain , considering how damaged and devastated ireland was before , the country was nearly destroyed by british rule , and that 's not hyperbole , our culture , history and language was nearly wiped out , and the irish were turned into starving serfs . 
  there 's also the cautionary example of northern ireland , which is an ignored economic basket case , where apartheid like conditions were allowed exist which led to 30 years of misery and death . 
  why the hell would any irish person want any part of that ? 
  godfathers are less manipulative and more forgiving though ... 
  of course not , america is too diverse , every state is like a different country , its impossible to have american stereotypes ... 
  why would it be dependent on what the uk decides to do with their laws ? 
  this has nothing to do with the uk ... 
  everyone 's one big family , except england , he is the combined chad/kevin of the family , fuck chad/kevin ... 
  you can say what you want about my country , you can say what you want about how cool we are ( which is * very * , i 'll have you know ) , but leave the potatoes out of this for fecks sake ... 
  we had potatoes , then we had none , now we have them again , but they taste like sadness and death . 
  but at least we * had * them , not like those bloody latvians , fecking gobshites ... 
  did someone say potatoes ? 
  historically though ( obviously not regarding the eu ) , the uk has been happy to stay out of things until they became apocalyptic , see : `` splendid isolation '' , ww1 and ww2, 
  cheers !, 
  `` the eu has no care for the uk '' , i 'm sorry mate , but i think you 'll find the exact opposite is the case , the uk has rejected the eu after decades of recalcitrant membership , and special deals made to accommodate them . 
  the entire thing is a hangover from the days of empire in my view , where british people view themselves as somehow special and other , they are not . 
  anyway , have a good day chief , i 'm kind of locked into the football here and ireland are winning !, 
  because the channel is n't the impenetrable barrier it once was ? 
  because half the uk 's trade is with the eu ? 
  what 's good for mainland europe is good for the uk and vice-versa , ireland is a neutral country largely because we 're only too aware of what a colonial empire looks like on the receiving end , but i would not be opposed to a defensive eu military structure . 
  switzerland is a mountain rimmed country surrounded by friendly nations , they do n't have to concern themselves , they 'll either be neutral or conquered , simple as that ... 
  britain tried not to get involved twice before , ww1 and ww2 were the result , `` splendid isolation '' does not work , and works less now in an interconnected world than ever . 
  the fact of the matter is that as europeans we are better off together and co-operating , it 's a shame that british people do n't feel that way , but we 'll have to manage without them ...
