  i still think you 're downplaying it too much , prohibiting both your head of state and leader of government from being a certain religion is more than a nuisance , particularly if you happen to be of that religion . 
  i would also note that it was the lord 's who repeatedly blocked home rule for ireland , it was about a hell of a lot more than budgets , and resulted in a lot of dead irish people and decades more repression in ireland before freedom could be won.byou seem to be chalking it down to tradition and pagentary , it 's a bit more than that !, 
  i would n't poo-poo the church 's influence as much as * that * , at least up until very recently , the anglican church is still very much entrenched in the political framework of the uk , 26 bishops in the house of lords , a sectarian monarchy , no british pm ever having been a catholic , and doubts about whether one could be ( blair converted to catholicism after resigning ) . 
  i would n't dismiss all that , it 's latent , but it 's there . 
  i already said i agreed with part of what you were saying , and your point about ireland being more generally left than the uk was the part i agreed with !, 
  :-) i would n't underestimate the latent religious elements running through british society though , particularly the conservative side , they have a state religion after all , and their head of state can not be a catholic . 
  the irish president can be any religion , or none ... 
  what he meant was that ireland was the first country to vote for marriage equality in a referendum , which is perhaps a better indicator of the national attitude than a law being passed by a government . 
  i agree with some of what you say , but ireland is not religious , we have some hangovers from 50 years ago in our laws that need to be sorted out but that does n't make the ireland of today religious ... 
  well , i was going more for the joining aspect , but yes , a quarter of ireland being out of , and the rest in , the eu , is going to cause a * lot * of shit , a * lot * ... 
  well ireland , northern ireland and ruk are in the eu , and they joined when the troubles were still ongoing , it 's not on the same scale but ... 
  it 's the ni parties to which i am referring , neither sinn fein nor the sdlp will accept the removal of the guarantees of the echr , considering what nationalists and republicans were the victims of during the troubles , the dup is in the midst of a leadership crisis that could damage unionism as a whole , the uk pulling out of the echr could not just bring down the storming government , but end power sharing and see a return to violence ... 
  the people of ireland , and the people of northern ireland ratified the gfa through separate referendums ( which the british apparently hold sacrosanct ) , the political parties in ni also signed up to the gfa ... 
  the echr was an independent guarantee of british adherence to human rights , with a court of final recourse , what exactly would replace that ? 
  it 's article 3 of the constitution though ( as amended by the gfa referendum ) `` it is the firm will of the irish nation , in harmony and friendship , to unite all the people who share the territory of the island of ireland , in all the diversity of their identities and traditions , recognising that a united ireland shall be brought about only by peaceful means with the consent of a majority of the people , democratically expressed , in both jurisdictions in the island . 
  until then , the laws enacted by the parliament established by this constitution shall have the like area and extent of application as the laws enacted by the parliament [ 2 ] that existed immediately before the coming into operation of this constitution.institutions with executive powers and functions that are shared between those jurisdictions may be established by their respective responsible authorities for stated purposes and may exercise powers and functions in respect of all or any part of the island . '', 
  i agree that if it was made explicit government policy , with proposals and consultations , more progress could be made ... 
  i thought it already was ? 
  just through the democratic choice of the people of ni ? 
  the good friday agreement is n't valuable ? 
  huh , til ... 
  get used to the consequences of that attitude then , the uk does n't get to dictate to ireland , and as for the republicans in the north ... 
  i have no idea what you meant by your first sentence , it literally makes no sense . 
  the british and irish governments are n't the only parties to the gfa , you do n't seem to grasp that , and do n't expect the irish government to roll over and accept a removal of the gaurantees enshrined in the gfa . 
  i 'm not sure what the point of your last paragraph is , what tories want or do n't want is not germaine to the discussion , which is the consequences of the uk violating an international agreement to which they are signatories , which you appear to be happy to ignore ... 
  you realise that the british government has been found guilty of torture in the recent past , right ? 
  as in , only a few years before they signed up to the echr ? 
  you do n't seem to understand the reasons why this is a major issue , with serious consequences : 1 . 
  the echr is an * independent * document , which can not be altered or contravened by the british government . 
  no british legislation can replace this , because neither the irish government nor northern irish nationalists trust the british to adhere to , or not alter , their own legislation , with good reason . 
  the echr is part of the good friday agreement , as in , it 's written into it , any change to the gfa would have to be agreed by all parties , have you any idea what that would entail ? 
  it 's not simply a matter of the british and irish governments agreeing to a change , not that i believe the irish government would . 
  pulling out of the echr breaks an international treaty , i know `` rule britannia '' and `` 350m for the nhs '' and all that , but breaking international treaties is not a small thing , and has serious consequences . 
  you do n't understand why the echr is part of the gfa at all then , neither the irish government nor northern irish nationalists had or have much trust in british adherence to human rights , which is why the echr is the cornerstone upon which the gfa is built . 
  the british government `` grandfathering in '' legislation that they can alter at the stroke of a pen or ignore at will with no recourse is an abrogation of the good friday agreement , which is a legal treaty lodged with the un and a serious matter . 
  i would suggest that you actually read up on the gfa and the echr before commenting any further on the subject ... 
  any question that takes less than 800 years to `` answer '' is n't worth asking at all !, 
  because if any word could be used to describe any form of negotiation regarding ni it 's `` smooth '' ... 
  the echr is literally part of the gfa , the foundation upon which peace in ni rests , do you really think anything good will come from damaging , possibly even destroying it ? 
  irish people , north and south of the border , have very little faith in the british justice system , which is why an external court of last resort was built into the agreement signed by both the british and irish governments , pulling out of the echr breaks that agreement . 
  but brexiteers obviously could n't give two shits about the effect their lunacy is having on ni , it 'll be interesting to hear their take on things if the bombs every started going off again , as that seems to be the only aspect of irish affairs that gets their attention ... 
  britain pulling out of the echr does n't just affect brits ... 
  the echr is part of the good friday agreement , pulling out of it is essentially ripping up that agreement , but sure , who needs peace in northern ireland ? 
  it 's not , but you get the british channels if you have sky or cable so the tv guides have listings for them ... 
  [ careful now !, 
  ] ( http://c3.thejournal.ie/media/2013/12/lingerie-752x501.png ), 
  gawd bless im ' !, 
  * sobs *, 
  well , they will insist on banging on about that german lady they seem so fond of ;-), 
  yeah , there were guys there in drysuits keeping an eye on people and helping anyone who needed it , it 's not normally that rough it has to be said ... 
  only a bit of craic chief , do n't be so serious !, 
  yeah , i saw that in the [ tv guide ] ( http://c0.thejournal.ie/media/2012/12/bbc-2-752x501.jpg ), 
  ca n't bate it out wesht like !, 
  let me just check the [ tv guide ] ( http://c0.thejournal.ie/media/2012/12/bbc-2-752x501.jpg ) ... 
  yeah , invading countries sure is a horrible thing ... 
  lads , if an irish fella of all people says this , you know it has to be true !, 
  merry christmas you tan bastard !, 
  for now , would n't take long for it to be close to the centre ... 
  you have no idea what the fuck you 're on about ... `` swiss ethnic group '' all of my lolz ... 
  sectarianism had nothing to do with it from the irish side , it was everything for the unionist side , they had a state created for them by the british that enshrined a sectarian majority . 
  speaking as an irishman , the irish war of independence where the british occupying forces were finally defeated was far from `` unfortunate '' ... 
  `` britain was favourable to home rule '' - not true , the only reason it was ever even broached was because irish mps held the balance of power in parliament , and even after successful commons votes it was repeatedly blocked by the lord 's , until their powers were reduced . 
  the british army mutinied in the curragh over hr in 1914 , and ulster unionists armed themselves , nationalists , not republicans , armed themselves in * response * to this , there 's a distinct timeline . 
  the watered down joke that was 1914 hr was never put into law , with the war being used as excuse . 
  it became increasingly clear to the irish people that constitutional nationalists had been deceived and manipulated , which led to the rise of republicanism . 
  do n't even get me started about the 1920 hr bill , too little , too late does n't even begin to describe it ... 
  i know the history of my country , and in particular the history of that time , thanks . 
  what you 've just said is a complete misrepresentation of what actually occurred ... 
  well , home rule never happened , ireland eventually had to fight the selfsame british army for independence ... 
  well i would view the irish deaths as particularly tragic as they were n't fighting for britain , they were fighting because they were sold a pack of lies by the british about how their volunteering would help ireland achieve home rule ... 
  afaik none of the soldiers on the british side would have been conscripts at gallipoli ( well the french , yes ) , the british did n't introduce conscription until later on in the war ... 
  lucky buggers ... 
  killed a lot of irish too ... 
  well , we do n't `` love '' our constitution , it was a piece of paper written a long time ago that was always intended to be adapted , so was yours , except , you `` fell in love with it '', 
  the irish people have amended their constitution 29 times in its 80 year existence , the us has amended it 's constitution less than that while having existed for nearly three times as long . 
  my observation was perfectly valid ... 
  it has its issues , but at least we 're quite open to amending it , the yanks seem to view their as some sacred screed ... 
  `` we have them on the ropes * ! '', 
  * limited selection of ropes available , rope now retailing at # 150 per glorious british yard ... 
  i 'm not even sure there 's one of them , and if there were , i doubt they 'd be laughing , considering their melancholia and how quiet they are ... 
  all us protestant , melancholic , quiet irish are just sitting over here laughing our arses off ... 
  yes please , from now on if you do n't mind ... 
  * when , not if ... 
  except , they 're not equal , that 's just reality , it 's a bilateral agreement between a relatively tiny country and the largest trading bloc in the world , one entered into willingly by the smaller party for the benefits it brings ... 
  * more of their land ... 
  a shotgun or rifle for hunting , with a licence ? 
  yes . 
  a pistol or handgun for anything other than competition ? 
  goodbye . . 
  at what point does she become gro\u00dfm\u00fctti ? 
  everyone has the right to bare arms , well , maybe not some women in some more religiously oppressive countries ... 
  yup ... 
  yup !, 
  it 's the irish national anthem , just my little joke ... 
  yeah , but that 's just france though , no-one else !, 
  i do n't think anyone can rule anything out considering the year we just had , ireland beat the all blacks ffs !, 
  nah , britain was always eurosceptic , ireland never was , to think the two countries are comparable is to misunderstand the difference in their outlooks on the most basic level ... 
  he fucking * hates * irish people as well ( despite being irish himself ) , it 's bloody hilarious ... 
  the eu is based on treaties , signed by all members , further integration would have to be on the basis of a treaty , signed by all members , ireland is far from alone in having red lines in relation to any future agreements , so you 're 1 v 99 % analogy is a false one i 'm afraid . 
  ireland is n't a member of nato , being a historically neutral nation .
