  good thing and all , she might have been effective otherwise ... 
  unfortunately , thatcher is only four years dead ... 
  i mean , i 'm not sure you can believe the source , after all , it * is * the * irish * times ... # fakenews !, 
  well , at least you spelled it right !, 
  you have the current state of affairs in ireland down to a t in fairness to you , and honestly , we do n't mind it , the yank tourists are good craic and very nice for the most part !, 
  i think we take our diaspora for granted sometimes if i 'm honest , but that 's a very irish thing in and of itself ... 
  good man , you 're right , the greeks , a sound bunch of lads !, 
  we 're not sending our best ... yadda , yadda , yadda ... 
  no , no it is n't , for those ( like yourself ) , who have trouble keeping up with the class , `` computer '' means a computer , `` personal computer '' means a personal computer , a subset of computers , bless you , you 're wild thick are n't you ? 
  i actually admire the fact that you 're able to press enough buttons on your own * personal computer * to communicate with me , maybe the spanish will have some special programme for you when the time comes ? 
  wow , you 're a touch hostile , no ? 
  i mean , i would be too if i was living on barren rock who 's entire reason for existing was going to disappear in two years , enjoy your spanish lessons , gringo . 
  never said anything about `` personal '' computers , by the way , try and read a book through your brexit tears ... 
  i mean , if were travelling that far , should n't we just reinforce our sydney beachhead ? 
  few more gaa jerseys , be grand like ... 
  i mean , if we 're going to colonise , we should probably look for somewhere with a better climate , not a worse one ... 
  [ nope ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_philip_holland ) [ nope ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/walter_gordon_wilson ) all of ireland was part of the uk , not through choice , does that make those people during that time somehow not irish ? 
  i do n't think so , not even the english would say that !, 
  [ nope !, 
  ] ( https://www.google.ie/amp/s/www.irishtimes.com/news/science/the-irish-man-who-brought-radiotherapy-forward-1.1828507%3fmode=amp ) [ nope !, 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_tyndall ) jesus , we 're not half full of americans , i would have noticed !, 
  anyway , you 're right , we * are * a sound ( and inventive ) bunch of lads !, 
  no walls , after reunification we 'll just lay a big , fuck-off minefield in the * irish * sea and be done with it ... obviously , we 'll build a bridge to the great , independent nation of scotland beforehand ... 
  the welsh can go fuck themselves , of course ... 
  irish people ( not ireland , attributing inventions to a country seems like a very american thing to do ) invented the : submarine ejector seat tank amongst many other things ... irish people also came up with : the beaufort scale boyles law the kelvin scale seismology the greenhouse effect the boycott radiotherapy we also came up with hurling and guinness , so , on those alone , checkmate yank !, 
  that said , we also invented u2 , boyzone and jedward , so i accept that no-ones perfect ... 
  we 're playing the long game , the day of the irish isles will soon be upon us !, 
  oddly enough the irish population only started increasing again after we won independence and overcame the centuries of neglect , murder and depravation caused by british rule , funny that ... 
  i 'm sure it 's just a coincidence though ... 
  oh dear , we do n't hate you because we `` ai n't '' you , if we hate you at all ( and i do n't , i just feel sorry for you ) , it 's for far better reasons than an internet you could n't use without the european inventions of both the computer and www ( do n't think we have to go back as far as the romans for those ) ... at least you 're grateful though , good man , i accept your thanks on behalf of the people of europe ... * you 're welcome * ... 
  we 're all very committed to a red white and blue brexit ... whatever that means ... 
  literary burn !, 
  we love the poles over here , they 're a grand bunch of lads , polish people are the largest immigrant group in ireland and we 're very fond of them . 
  the women have enhanced the gene pool no end for starters ... 
  enjoy the european language you 're typing in , and the european web protocol that allowed you to find the website ... christ , r/shitamericanssay, 
  our precious bodily fluids !, 
  leave us out of it , thanks ... 
  they should do something like [ ours ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cc/irish_air_corps_roundel.svg ), 
  yeah , no sheep on fire either , so a bit out of the ordinary ... 
  bless his little cotton socks ... 
  yikes , i had a hard enough time with just the few latin jokes scattered about , pretty sure neither of my parents would be up for translating a whole book for me !, 
  wow , that 's handy !, 
  i 'm glad i 'm not the only one who struggled with the latin , my poor parents would 've loved that book ... 
  it was the local library for me too , they had the full collection ... 
  ireland has a touch of that going on as well ... 
  ireland has a big problem with one off housing , better planning that clusters rural houses so that services can be provided to them would be a big help ... 
  grew up on them , fantastic books , i 'll be making sure my own kids read them . 
  i used to bug the shit out of my parents to translate the latin jokes though ... 
  ireland should always be the first example to you as to why you would be better off outside the uk , bonus because you would n't have to fight a ruinous war to be free ... 
  i ai n't your fahking mate , you toerag ... brexit 2016 \u2122, 
  proper , innit ... 
  i certainly was n't talking about illegal immigrants , i was talking about refugees , only trump seems to conflate the two with his `` ban '' , ( how * is * that working out for him , by the way ? ), 
  if you are unaware of trump 's ties to russia , and his singular intransigence in calling out russian hostile acts , coupled with his desire to end nato , well , you are uninformed . 
  these are all things sufficient to label the man russia 's lapdog would you like me to link you to the many polls and studies post-brexit that have shown increased support for the eu ? 
  i can do so if you wish , or you can believe me , either is fine . 
  isolationism and xenophobia have not worked for european nations in the past , nor has it worked for america . 
  compounding those with the active antagonization of your allies will not result in good things for the us , or the us 's former friends , truth be told , but it is the us that is creating this situation , europe can but react appropriately ... 
  the view of the people 's of europe is that trump does indeed spew hate , hate and ignorance of a kind that we have seen before on our continent , so we recognise it well . 
  you can disagree with that , but it is the view of the people 's of europe as a whole . 
  europe is not on the same path as the us , thankfully , the impetus for the trump vote exists in all countries , that is true , but it is combatted more effectively in europe , bar the unfortunate exception of the uk . 
  it is not `` leftist '' to oppose trump , i would not be viewed as leftist in my country , many conservative politicians across europe oppose trump and his agenda , angela merkel is not a leftist politician , nor are the leaders of many other european countries , but they would not countenance the reckless , ill-informed , ill-spoken demagoguery of a man like trump . 
  as i have said , we have seen this movie , and we know how it ends . 
  one of the saddest things about recent events is knowing where trump 's support comes from , and knowing what utter disdain the man has for those people , it 's truly a con of epic proportions , and the nadir of american democracy , or what 's left of it ... 
  america has helped defend europe , and has been a good ally and friend , the election of trump seems to spell the end of that , europe will have to defend itself going forward , and i do n't think that 's a bad thing , the diminishment of american reach , power , and influence will be a consequence of course . 
  europe is not adopting trump 's ideas , do n't be silly , i 'm not even sure the man has ideas , he certainly does n't have any ideals ... europe was where the holocaust occured , i for one am glad that europe is determined never to see such a thing happen again , refugees created by us action in the middle east must be assisted and helped as much as possible until they can return to their homes . 
  europe is certainly at a crossroads , i believe that after trump and brexit we will be stronger and more unified , you can already see the increased support for the eu and european institutions . 
  there are so many bad actors in the world now , putin and his lapdog trump will , i hope , spur further european integration , and deepen our commitment to the european ideals that are the only way for humanity to strive and progress ... we wo n't give in to the hate , fear and lies being spewed by trump and his russian master , the day for a parting of ways between europe and the us is unfortunately upon us . 
  as someone who has lived in the states , and who has many american friends , this saddens me deeply , i am , however , not surprised , i saw when i lived in america where his support comes from . 
  it does not come from an intelligent , considered or knowledgeable place , it comes from a place of fear , of hate , of ignorance , but we are where we are ... 
  i 've listened very carefully to what trump has to say , and i find him , and his views , abhorrent on nearly every level . 
  there is a vast ocean not only between the us and europe , but between the `` values '' that trump represents and those that are the cornerstone of the european project . 
  it is sad to see america go down the road of hatred , ignorance and fear that they seem intent on travelling . 
  my hope and belief is that europe , and the eu in particular , will be a counterbalance to that horrible ideology . 
  it 's a shame that the us seems determined to set itself up in opposition to allies and friends of such long standing , but if that is the will of the american people let the cards fall where they may ... 
  i 'm not trying to pick a fight , and i appreciate that you are communicating in a second language ( far better than i do in my second language i might add ) , but you actually did repeatedly say that , and i do think that on some level you believe that irish people are in fact some way british . 
  this is far from the first time i 've come across this , and a lot of it stems from the term `` british isles '' . 
  i am not trying to be rude to you , and i apologise if i have come across as such , i 'm simply trying to explain the position to you as clearly as i can ... 
  british is the denonym for citizens of the uk , it says so on the passport , `` british citizen '' , that has nothing to do with the term `` british isles '' which you unfortunately seem to continue being confused by ... and yes , `` british isles '' is innacurate , the `` isles '' are not british ... 
  you explicitly said so , and then deleted your comment , i 'm afraid i am not the one being problematic , you have also started downvoting me , which i have not done to you , as i think it is rude , so i suppose we 've reached the end of our conversation , i 'm sorry you can not understand that you are wrong , and will not accept being told by an actual irish person that you are incorrect ... 
  well then you 're agreeing with me !, 
  :-) the term `` british isles '' should not be used as it is innacurate , `` british '' refers to citizens of the uk or inhabitants of great britain , it does not refer to the republic of ireland or irish people . 
  the entire reason you and others are having difficulty with this is because of the term `` british isles '' , remove that from the equation and things are far more sensible . 
  ( or as sensible as things can be when it comes to the uk and ireland ), 
  i am not antogonising you , i 'm trying to explain the position to you , if you want me to stop , fair enough ... 2 . 
  great britain is the name of the island , and the people who live upon it are british , this is not disputed , if scottish people wish to not be referred to as british any longer , that is fine and i 'll respect that , but i do not believe that scottish people have an issue with being referred to as british ... 3 . 
  the islands surrounding great britain are not the british isles because of that , little britain was brittany , are the bretagne now british ? 
  the term `` british isles '' does infer british ownership of the islands , that 's the entire modern origin of the term , this is a fact . 
  this is one of the major reasons why the term is disputed , you yourself thought that irish people were somehow british because of it , which is incorrect . 
  people from great britain are british , yes , that is not disputed , it is the term for people from that island , it is * not * a term for people from the republic of ireland, 
  just to reply to your edit , english , welsh and scottish people have the equal right to the name british , because they live on the island of great britain , and they are all british . 
  irish people do not , because ireland is not on the island of great britain , and irish people are not british . 
  as far as we 're concerned , they can call themselves what they want , and we 'll respect that , all we ask is for the same courtesy to be shown to us ... 
  you deleted your comment , so i ca n't link you to it , but my [ comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5tkrw7/how_to_annoy_europeans_with_just_one_sentence/ddnurzk ) directly quotes yours . 
  scottish people will remain british , even if they leave the uk , because they live on the island of great britain . 
  i did n't claim that the term `` british isles '' is n't used , i pointed out that it had not been used for `` thousands of years '' , which is what you stated . 
  for most of that time , it was not used . 
  i am aware that it is used in some languages and countries , all i , and the irish government , can do is point out to people that it should not be used . 
  what i was getting at with my comment re : yugoslavia , czechoslovakia , etc , was that terms change , and people get used to it , there 's no question of the confusion which you referred to , that was my point . 
  the term `` balkans '' does n't express , for example , serbian ownership of croatia , which is why it is a neutral geographical term , unlike `` british isles '' . 
  the isles used to be british , because britain ruled them , they are no longer british , because ireland won independence , the term should no longer be used , it 's as simple as that ...
