  lol , [ no ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/british ) , we are not `` british ethnically '' , christ on a bike , where do people get this shit ... 
  [ brave man ] ( http://giphy.com/gifs/xt9dpxpzndcbmx6tak ) !, 
  lol , i do love you hanging around r/europe ... 
  no denying it ... 
  i mean , its a country * full * of cunts , but , at least it 's an actual country and not a german shortcut whose net exports consist of paedophiles and not-as-good-as-swiss chocolate populated by fake frenchmen and dutch people with a speech impediment ... 
  though , come to think of it , we 're also net exporters of paedophiles , so i 'm not sure what my original point was ... 
  the irish though , what a pack of cunts , eh u/ltburtreynolds ? 
  i hope someone is keeping an [ eye ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/angryirishreddit/new ) on them ... 
  if it 's a constitutional imperative they * have * to give us a vote , they know that , if they do n't have a vote they 'll be up in the supreme court , after which they 'll have to give us a vote anyway , its as simple as that . 
  it 's not in the governments power to impinge upon the constitution ... 
  well , that 's ttip fucked then lads , you 're welcome !, 
  there 's always one ... 
  everyone experiments in college , but there 's a time when a person has to enter adult life , and ask themselves the question , barry 's or lyons ? 
  top tip , if you said barrys , you 're wrong , and probably from cork , which makes it worse ... 
  grass fed cows , if there 's one thing ireland has lots of , its green shit ... 
  well , that 's everybody , everybody cool anyways , we definitely have n't left anyone out ... 
  no point in being on time if you 're going to be a dryballs when you arrive ... 
  nah , we 're * way * better craic ... 
  fair point !, 
  yeah , shag off to your edl meeting , there 's a good chap ... 
  a brit with his nasty outlook certainly could , it 's not like it 's based in any reality . 
  at the current count he appears to hate us , the welsh and the germans , so at least we 're in good company !, 
  you realise the comment below you literally just called ireland british on the basis of that outdated , inaccurate term , right ? 
  and you wonder why neither the irish nor british governments use it , or the eu or the un . 
  it 's absolutely a political term , it was introduced to the english language by a british imperialist to proclaim ownership of ireland ... 
  have a read through friendo 's profile , he 's a nasty little englander xenophobe , do n't bother ... 
  pretty sure that 's not it 's function , and its presence is wildly insulting to irish people , but what 's new ? 
  with respect to a descriptor for industry , the word is indigenous . 
  ireland is a small open economy , with a tradition of emigration in tougher times , many irish will have worked abroad for a few years , i did so myself , it broadens the mind amongst other things , something out neighbours could learn from . 
  the irish unemployment rate is below the eu average , and ireland has net immigration , the recession hit ireland hard for a few years but it recovered quickly . 
  shocker : irish pm pleads case for irish people , most of those undocumented irish travelled over to the states decades ago , they are not representative if ireland current economic position in any way , there 's around 50k of them , hardly teeming masses , and they want to stay there because they 've built lives there , best of luck to them . 
  you absolutely did imply that about south koreans , who you appear to have an unnatural fixation with . 
  the implication you made , wittingly or not , was that because their gdp per capita was so low compared to ireland , even despite heavy us investment , that they lacked ability , you as much said that . 
  i hope there is n't an element of racism in your thinking , the south koreans have done very well from the starting point they came from , not as well as the irish , of course , but very few countries have ... 
  err , [ high tech ? 
  ] ( http://www.top1000.ie/industries/technology ) , you do n't appear to know what you 're talking about chief , ireland is a high tech , high value hub , with extensive , large it , tech , and pharma companies employing hundreds of thousands of people , not just `` headquarters '' , whatever you think that means . 
  it 's `` indigenous '' by the way i 've already explained to you why heavy manufacturing would n't work in ireland , and how it is not comparable to a country with 10 times the population , are you having difficulty following along ? 
  again , ireland has 3 times south korea 's gdp per capita , i think it 's insulting that you would imply that south koreans are only a third as able as irish people , shame on you ... 
  ireland never had an industrial revolution due to its occupation by the uk . 
  it was too poor and lacking resources to compete with the already industrially established european countries post independence , so it leveraged it 's well educated workforce and membership of the eu to go from a primary to tertiary based economy , in case you had n't noticed , ireland is the eu headquarters for quite a large amount of large multinationals . 
  ireland is geographically isolated from reu , heavy manufacturing would not have worked for it ... 
  the us invested * heavily * in sk after the korean war and has continued to do so , sk has a massive internal market of 50 million people , it 's not comparable to ireland in the least . 
  btw , ireland 's gdp per capita is nearly 3 times that of south koreas , for what it 's worth , and that has been the case for decades ... 
  ireland is * not * a `` british isle '' ... 
  pretty sure that 's not down to a `` flair for industry '' chief ... see the penal and corn laws for further information . 
  ireland 's lack of industry was imposed and planned ... 
  irish people fleeing cromwell and the famines and oppression that followed on from his genocide , the effects of which were felt for centuries , helped populate the us , canada and australia . 
  men fleeing ireland joined the british army , for example , as a last resort , 40 % of wellington 's army in the napoleonic wars were irish ... 
  i mean , you have a monument to cromwell outside your parliament ... 
  no , barely use facebook , do n't use snapchat , i do use youtube , reddit , and various news apps , and hit half a gb a day fairly handily ... 
  i use half a gb a day ... 
  op believes april fool 's jokes , bless him ... 
  not [ trump owned ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberty_hall ) , where the actual fuck did you get that from op ? 
  the uk had the option to excise control for a number of years , and they chose not to ... 
  good point !, 
  unionists will lose their minds if there 's checks at the gb border ... 
  well , we only stayed out of schengen because the british did and we share a border , we 'll see what happens after brexit ... 
  what do you think the letters `` eu '' stand for ? 
  i love that random romanians are now linking that sub , it 's hilarious ... 
  brazilian netflix is actually really good , from what i remember from when you used to be able to switch countries with a vpn ... 
  ok shoneen , i 'll give you some quotes . . `` being altogether beyond the power of man , the cure had been applied by the direct stroke of an all-wise providence in a manner as unexpected and as unthought of as it is likely to be effectual . 
  the judgement of god sent the calamity to teach the irish a lesson , that calamity must not be too much mitigated . 
  ... the real evil with which we have to contend is not the physical evil of the famine , but the moral evil of the selfish , perverse and turbulent character of the people . '', 
  charles trevelyan , * head of administration * for `` famine relief '' , 1840s `` existing policies will not kill more than one million irish in 1848 and that will scarcely be enough to do much good . '', 
  - queen victoria 's economist , nassau senior a celt will soon be as rare on the banks of the shannon as the red man on the banks of manhattan . 
  - the times , editorial , 1848 so take your self hating apologism and do you , toadies like you make me retch ... 
  [ educate yourself ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/genocide_definitions ) , if you 're going to whitewash the actions of the people who decimated your country like some shoneen west brit , at least know what you 're talking about . 
  `` article 6 of the rome statute provides that `` genocide '' means any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy , ** in whole or in part ** , a national , ethnical , racial or religious group , as such ( a ) killing members of the group ; ( b ) causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group ; ( c ) deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part ; ( d ) imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group ; ( e ) forcibly transferring children of the group to another group . '', 
  genocide definition : `` the deliberate killing of a large group of people , especially those of a particular nation or ethnic group . '', 
  i suppose hitler did n't commit genocide either , he did n't kill * all * the jews after all ... 
  the british created , designed and imposed the theft of land from irish smallholders , forcing them to subsist on a monocrop to farm their own land as serfs in order to pay absentee british landlords . 
  genocide is n't defined by `` kill them all till they 're dead '' , what a ridiculous assertion , they had achieved their aim , ireland was permanently weakened and it 's population decimated , they had achieved their aims ... 
  he is , he 's making it sound like some cosmic accident , which it most certainly was not , it was far from a `` natural disaster '' ... 
  did n't think it was till i read your comments in this thread ... 
  the famine was not a natural disasters , the british government created the and designed it 's setting , desired it 's outcome , and exacerbated it 's effects ... 
  and they certainly are n't starving , quite the opposite in fact ... 
  * more * special snowflake status ? 
  fuck that ... 
  and shagged his mrs , and she liked it , that 's always been my theory on this eejit troll anyway ... 
  because more graduate than there are jobs ? 
  also , new entrant salaries were cut during the recession ... 
  the donald tried to build a wall on the southern us border with ireland , but just like their leaders wall , it was a failure ... 
  [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/g8ledanq7ue ) is where the `` pull like a dog '' comment came from , they 've a fairly typical cork attitude about them in fairness, 
  ah lads , even i think that 's a bit mean , let them have their flag ... 
  do , tommy teirnan 's early stuff is really , really , good . 
  he went through a bit of an odd patch later on though . 
  norton has a `` posh '' cork inflected accent , but it 's still recognisably cork , with some `` gay '' inflection ( do n't mean that to be rude , do n't know how else to describe it ) , it 's been softened by his time in the uk though . 
  cork has a number of accents , ireland actually has a crazy number of accents considering how small it actually is ... [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/vmrylne9gai ) is an example of some full on cork accents on norton 's show , bonus touch of kerry accent with fassbender feck it , here 's a [ kerry ] ( https://youtu.be/gi9q45gk4t0 ) accent for you as well , since you seem interested !, 
  basically , unless you ask them if they 're from kerry , that 's their only achilles heel ... 
  that 's hilarious ... 
  did someone say reichtangle ? 
  nah , that does n't really work , you ca n't really insult corkmen anyway , they have an inviolable sense of superiority about them , it 's something to behold , you ca n't help but admire it ... 
  [ they 're a proud bunch ] ( https://youtu.be/gzr8xqnx4ly ), 
  well , at least we can agree on the scottish thing !, 
  if you grow up in cork , you 're from cork , i was born in limerick , but i 'm from clare ... 
  cork actually , what you said is probably * the * most insulting thing you can say to a corkman ... 
  i 'd like the uk to break up , it 's never been a force for good , and subjugated my country for hundreds of years ... 
  seems like plenty of people thought it contributed , and this mouse now has 26 other countries with it , care or do n't care , we could n't give a shite ... 
  i do so enjoy hearing the torysphere bleat on about `` bullying '' , the british empire they are so proud a of was built on bullying other nations , the irony is hilarious ... 
  perhaps through the use of detonating primates ?
