  no worries , it 's just that irish people are quite particular about the point that we are not `` anglos '' , we spent several hundred years emphasising that point , the uk can do what it wants , more power to them , but we wo n't get dragged into their brexit lunacy with them ... 
  could n't give a shite , it 's the gobshite she 's married to that i care about ... 
  because when the us was committed to nato , europe was explicitly under its nuclear umbrella . 
  given recent events i would doubt the strength and longevity of the uk 's commitment to european defence ( and i believe that their nukes are reliant on the us anyway ) . 
  i certainly do n't think that every european country needs its own nuclear programme , i do believe that the eu needs to be able to counter the existential threat that exists from russia ... 
  i do n't think turkey has nukes ? 
  they may have us nukes on their territory but they do n't control them afaik . 
  the problem with pershing other options is that nuclear trumps ( no pun intended ) everything , without a nuclear deterrent europe would be at a disadvantage in dealing with russia ... 
  well , and it 's a horrible thing to say , if it comes down to a choice between russian hegemony over europe and an arms race , i 'll take the arms race ... 
  well if the us leaves nato , all bets are off , that 's my entire point ... 
  would they be willing to put that arsenal under eu control ? 
  because if not another path would have to be considered . 
  the us and russian view would be immaterial , the us would have created the situation , and any programme would be in defence against russia ... 
  well if that 's our only option that 's on the us , not us , they would be the ones dismantling the worldwide balance of power that has stood for 70 years ... 
  i am being friendly , i pointed out some facts this gentleman/woman was n't aware of , and i made a point of being nice about it , that could n't have been a friendlier bit of education !, 
  are the vast majority of them northern irish ? 
  i do n't think you 've been to west cork ... 
  we 're not anglo , and we 're not your bros , and i mean that in a nice way ... 
  i 'm fully aware of that , not sure how anyone can think we 're a sovereign nation when we rely on the uk for defence , and i 'm not sure how seriously anyone can take our commitment to the eu very seriously with our apparent disregard for the integrity of our eastern european partners , but there you go ... 
  says you and what army ? 
  irish too , think there should be an eu army , but i think we 're pissing into the wind on this one chief ... 
  `` thank you jesus '' no , thank you nice mr lorryman , for fecks sake ... 
  yet ... 
  we half-arsed centralisation , and it unsurprisingly failed , in fairness . 
  i think in our case it 's an utter lack of decentralisation combined with government ineptitude and good ol' greed ... 
  it 's really affecting is n't it ? 
  brilliant , it 's a shame , we 'll miss the aul ' brits ... 
  * english , simplified ... 
  sounds european though , the bassoonist would probably be stabbed before they even got to the chorus ... 
  they 're singing in german , it would have been doomed from the start ... 
  it actually brings a tear to my eye , i 've literally been down a youtube ode to joy flash mob hole for the last half an hour , no regrets ... 
  my favourite [ version ] ( https://youtu.be/kbjcqyvtzmo ), 
  have you any to spare ? 
  i 'm all out over here ... 
  or , if you live in ireland like me , importing a cheap car !, 
  i hate to say it , ( because ireland will be damaged by brexit as well ) , but i 'm waiting for them to spin even further off into la-la land and put sterling even further in the toilet before i pull the trigger ... 
  sure do n't they ate their young in easht clare ? 
  a different people to those of us in westeros ... 
  build a wall i say !, 
  grand sure , east ( or should i say easht ) clare ? 
  so you 're a wildling ? 
  what part ? 
  i 'm from near liscannor originally myself ... 
  he 'll never do that to his pal putin !, 
  no silly , luxembourg is the capital of amsterdam , stupid europoors , do n't even know their own geography !, 
  do you think he 'll sue the city of belgium as well ? 
  twice actually , i think , dublin and a creamery in waterford ( iirc ), 
  yeah , dundalk are killing it in fairness to them , david v goliath stuff really ... 
  * hangs head in shame *, 
  whoops !, 
  i mean , they have the * irish * league ... 
  sure they are , i 'll leave you to it now , you 're boring me ... 
  well , at least they work , the same ca n't be said for your emigrants , who appear to consist mostly of scroungers and benefits tourists ... 
  fair enough ... 
  really , there a `` typical irish fud '' ? 
  not sure that 's an irish stereotype i 've ever heard from a brit . 
  `` the whole of britain has the same level of corporation tax '' what about those other places i 've named , nothing to say there , eh ? 
  irish corporation tax is quite plain and straightforward , the only question is with regards to apple the subject of an ongoing legal battle , i 'd like them to be soaked , but that 's just me ... as for the rest of what you said , so british tax havens are ok ? 
  well , we all kinda knew that was the uk 's attitude from the start ... 
  good one !, 
  apparently the city of london , jersey , gibralter , and the virgin islands do n't exist . 
  i do love the understated british sense of humour , you 're a funny , funny people ... maybe your population can live on comedy after your country 's self-inflicted lobotomy !, 
  first off , the eu ideal is to learn how to spell , we 're going to hold off on more advanced projects until that 's been taken care of . 
  brexit has advanced this aim by many years , we 're all very grateful ... 
  i read the news , ireland has a higher standard of living than the xenophobic shithole next door , that 's enough for me ... 
  there 's a mass grave down the road from me , with 5,000 bodies in it , many of whom were found with green mouths from eating grass , and the ditches they were found in , right outside the british workhouse . 
  you can still see the famine in the landscape of the countryside . 
  how about you ask some jews how they feel about the holocaust next , and imply that they should n't feel `` upset '' about it , you 're on a roll ... 
  friends of my family used to have a wolfhound when i was growing up , big bastards , they do n't live long though unfortunately ... 
  it 's a democratic choice , no doubt , that does n't mean it is n't an affront and an assault to the european ideal ... 
  hahahaha !, 
  how original !, 
  you are truly a unique flower !, 
  how did you come up with that !?!, 
  well , they 're fahking * foreign * , innit ? 
  fahking coming over here , taking our fahking jobs/dsp , they 're not * real * irishmen , are they ? 
  * rule hibernia , hibernia rules the jobs market ... *, 
  we 're a generous people , we will no doubt be willing to consider their asylum applications , in fairness , they 're coming from an undemocratic theocracy ... 
  * irish isles, 
  hahahaha !, 
  millions of dead people !, 
  really ? 
  what statistics do you posses to back up your claims ? 
  all i 'm seeing is parasite immigrants claiming benefits ... #buildawall, 
  what [ rubbish ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/jan/19/-sp-thousands-britons-claim-benefits-eu ) , shut up paddy , mbga !!, 
  do they have king in the north , i just thought the had protestant [ taytos ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pd6yohr.png ) ? 
  european success stories , but the guy you 're replying to does n't want to hear that ... 
  i think ireland should join a federal european army , as long as there is proper oversight in how it 's used , i 'm in the minority though ... 
  an expert * and * a foreigner ? 
  burn the witch !, 
  you do n't know jesus ? 
  you do n't know kieran ? 
  from a quick read through there it appears that while it is n't a written/formal policy ( which would be ironically illegal under eu law ) it is the policy that 's being adopted ? 
  did it ? 
  i 'm only going by the article that was posted here yesterday , happy to be wrong if it is untrue tbh ... 
  everyone knows kieran ... 
  mfw i actually ran an irish pub in germany :-), 
  sure thing `` cpt_ballsack '' , [ sure thing ] ( https://youtu.be/rggsputeir8 ) ... 
  little bollix ... 
  well , brexit did win ( narrowly , admittedly ) , that appears to be what people want , it 's a bit chilling honestly ...
