  there was an article yesterday about irish people being included on these foreign worker lists that are being touted in the uk , so it certainly looks like it ... 
  but you 're * foreign * , pretty sure you 're not allowed to do economic analysis anymore paddy ... 
  i 'd agree , the vote count on any post talking about brexit swings wildly as well ... 
  well , their pm has said they 'll be invoking article 50 by march , then it 's two years from then , so , they 're already locked into their timeframe , unless they want to see a revolt in the tories , so that 's not really a ploy they can use now ... 
  to which the reply will be , `` that 's fine , the army can wait two years '' ... 
  well , if a full , hard brexit occurs , there might n't be much of a difference between a hard border and what we get . 
  we only ever stayed out of schengen because the uk did , with them gone that might change ... 
  there is n't a chance in hell of that happening , depending on the terms of brexit it 's more likely that ireland will join schengen tbh ... 
  nah , it 's the luck of the irish that does n't exist !, 
  nah , just tired of the type of british person that 's far too common on r/europe , just finished talking with one as it happens , not sure what function this article serves on this sub to be honest , playing up as it it does , the `` plucky british spirit '' while not mentioning once the explicit , and far less pleasant , british economic warfare against german civilians ... 
  sorry , yes , i of course meant germany was being starved out by the british , both the title and the slant of the article were in no way sympathetic to the germans during ww1 , considering its source , that 's understandable , but at the remove of a century , i would say that the article is of no real interest europeans , perhaps it 's something best suited to the special tastes of the discerning british public ... 
  already am !, 
  it 's proper ace !, 
  sorted !, 
  * rule britannia , britannia rules the waves * * well , our boss does , we just tag along because without the yanks , we 'd be irrelevant !, 
  naaahh , no better craic to be found than winding up little englanders online , have you made the uk great again ? 
  it 's just that some of us are wondering ... 
  we 're a famously chippy bunch , us irish , fahking paddies , what can you do , not proper civilised like you brits , innit ... 
  was n't the uk attempting to starve the germany through blockade at the same time ? 
  not sure if i 'm meant to view this sympathetically to be honest ... 
  i did n't notice who i was replying to , by you , i mean , the uk , taking back your sovereignty , sailing into a future of splendid isolation , to the endless amusement of the rest of us . 
  sorry for using the word `` us '' , i know you dislike the term unless you 're imposing it on others ... 
  oh look , it 's you , are n't you delightfully deluded brexiteers gone yet ? 
  * yawns * ... 
  no problem , best of british to you ... 
  oh , but you are ... 
  ireland only has opt-outs due the the uk ( schengen ) and neutrality ( part of the lisbon treaty ) , denmark , and their unwillingness to join the euro , is another matter entirely ... 
  he can contest that by being an anti-irish bigot with a chip on his shoulder as wide as the irish sea , check out his post history , no point engaging with him , there 's a few of his type knocking around here , down vote and move on ... 
  more like [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/old8nv7c8qs ) i 'd say ... 
  that 's more of a us stereotype for poles though , is n't it ? 
  certainly not a stereotype over here ... 
  how about the somme then ? 
  or the hundred days ? 
  the irish vintners association , or whatever the equivalent of that is in the country he was in ... 
  can i interest you in a [ president ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/michael_d._higgins ) instead ? 
  he 's quite clever , does n't take up much space , great craic , and loves giving out to yanks !, 
  the dup also campaigned for a leave vote , the hypocrisy is breathtaking ... 
  well , his aul fella famously considered himself an irishman , so i would n't be so sure about a bad reaction tbh , ni , tis ' a silly place ... 
  blah blah blah , i 've better things to be doing than arguing with some adolescent little englander brexiteer , particularly one as clueless as yourself , g ` luck now !, 
  the country is called ireland chief , your lack of basic geography is quite frankly disturbing !, 
  what * are * they teaching you kids these days ? 
  ireland had a plan to invade to protect nationalists being burned out of their homes in pograms while your government looked on , causing refugee camps to be set up on the border . 
  as for state backed terrorism , jesus , i 'm not sure if you 're trolling , but if your knowledge of history is as lacking as that of geography , i suggest you have a google of `` uk terrorism collusion '' , [ here 's ] ( http://m.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/britains-secret-terror-deals-truly-disturbing-bbc-panorama-allegations-of-collusion-must-be-fully-investigated-says-amnesty-international-31261593.html ) the first result to get you started , it 's the tip of the iceberg , you can get back to me with your apology later , good lad ... 
  who are my countrymen in this scenario ? 
  i 'm irish , not northern irish , also , if you believe the troubles were a religious conflict , you seriously do n't know what you 're talking about , at all ... 
  oh , you 're insane and have no.idea what you 're talking about ? 
  thanks for clarifying matters ... 
  sorry , but what ? 
  i have no idea what you 're trying to say ? 
  really ? 
  being irish i am exposed to a lot of british media , and the irrational hate seems to be very one-directional from where i 'm standing ... 
  shhh , let him have it ... 
  err , i think that 's the other way around chief ... 
  oh , is he banned as well ? 
  on to the next one i suppose ... 
  your granny spent a lot of time on that , fecking ingrate !, 
  do n't take the bait , little englander troll trying to get a rise , downvote and move on ... 
  yup , they say that there 's `` fair use '' limits but i 've never encountered them , also handy to throw into a hotspot and there you are , unlimited internet for $ 20 per month ... 
  without britain we would 've existed for far longer , and there 'd be far more of us , so less of your idiocy , there 's a good lad ... 
  ah sure they 're grand , as long as they , y' know , stay over yonder where they belong ... 
  speak for yourself ... * i kid , i kid * ... 
  you 're really going over the line there to be honest `` ireland is a country that never managed to become an adult state '' ? 
  really ? 
  well , if your definition of an adult state is oppressing people around the world and killing brown people , you can have it , we as a nation want no truck with it because we 've been on the receiving end of it . 
  ireland is a net contributor to the eu , and an example of how eu ideals can help develop countries . 
  also , frankly , being lectured about irish tax policy by a dutchman of all people is frankly laughable , considering your own countries role in the `` double irish '' , maybe you dutch should take a look at yourselves before criticising others . . 
  plenty of other countries , including the likes of france , have an effective tax rate below 12.5 % . 
  ireland is a country of 5 million people , who , due to our history , have no interest in involving ourselves in the military adventures of others , that said , our army is heavily involved in peacekeeping around the world , we have a foreign policy wedded to that , not sure how our tax rate has any bearing on it to be honest . 
  several times , they keep getting lost in the bloody post though !, 
  so i 'm taking this one slow ... 
  who needs experts anyway ? 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm not interested , i 'm already in a long-term online relationship with a ukrainian lady ... 
  i 'll have you know , i 'm an expert on these matters , i have watched * all two seasons * of uk border force , that 's right , * two seasons * , so you 'll have to be said by me , alright ? 
  `` students '', 
  god , the yanks will * hate * this ... 
  brilliant ... 
  not sure what you 're laughing about there chief ... 
  r/celticunion , but seriously , xenophobes and racists will always find * someone * . 
  i genuinely feel sorry for the majority of english people who i know do n't feel or behave that way , the tail is wagging the dog ... 
  ssshhh * going by past performance , that 'll be us !!, 
  good for him , let 's see how that works out for the uk , shall we ? 
  edit * mmm , british tears are just delicious *, 
  it used to be us , so , silver linings and all that ... 
  your entire comment history is one long shitpost chief ... 
  you . 
  idea . 
  what . 
  you 're . 
  talking . 
  about . 
  that 's becoming increasingly apparent , it always amazes me how many people talk such utter shite on reddit with such overwhelming * confidence * ... 
  hmm , what happened in the last 10 years that might effect gdp ? 
  something other than the tax take from multinationals ( which has increased year on year ) , what was it ? 
  i distinctly remember something happening , around 2008 or so ? 
  its on the tip of my tongue , i 'm * sure * it was mentioned in the papers , some global event that disproportionately effected ireland ? 
  come on , you seem * so * knowledgeable about irish affairs ( lol ) , what could it have been ? 
  also , mcdonalds europe is headquartered in switzerland , starbucks in the uk , formally the netherlands . 
  the apple tax `` clarification '' was in 1991 , apple having its european base in cork since 1980 . 
  you . 
  idea .
