  plenty of british territories and dependencies listed as out and out tax havens there as well chief , and that 's before anyone talks about the city of london ... 
  `` other sovereign countries that have such low tax rates and lax regulation that they ** can ** be considered semi-tax havens are : '' ireland is n't a tax haven , we have a transparent , low corporation tax system , that is n't a tax haven . 
  it can be annoying on here sometimes , getting the phrase thrown at you by be people who do n't understand its meaning , not that i 'm saying you are doing that . . 
  pretty much every country in the world is on the secrecy list , ireland is number 47 in the ranked list , behind france , australia , belgium , cyprus , the netherlands , isle of mann , liechtenstein , the uk , austria , guernsey , jersey , germany , cayman islands , luxembourg and switzerland . 
  but * we 're * the tax haven . 
  i 'd also point out that ireland is not on the oecd list of tax havens , while there are a number of british territories there , tax havens charge little to no tax , that is not the case with ireland , multinationals employ hundreds of thousands of people in ireland for many different reasons , amongst them the fact that ireland competes on tax . 
  at least our tax system is straightforward , unlike a lot of other european countries with high headline rates that are utterly unreflective of what is paid through deals and loopholes ... 
  no longer exists , and was predicated on taking advantage of the dutch and us tax systems as well as the irish , are holland and the us tax havens because multinationals used their tax systems to minimise their tax bill ? 
  you do n't seem to know what a tax haven is , you seem to like wikipedia , so let me [ google ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/tax_haven ) that for you , see ireland anywhere ? 
  us companies in ireland pay as much , if not more , corporation tax as they do in many other eu countries , its around the median . 
  but if you want to parrot uneducated bollocks you go right ahead ... 
  wages certainly went down , and unemployment went up , ireland is an open export economy that trades heavily with the uk and us as well as the roeu , the uk and us 's economies have been doing well for several years now . 
  irish tourism is very successful as is irish agriculture ( the weak euro has been a big help ) , and of course we have a large multinational sector , which never really weakened during the bailout . 
  basically the irish economy was always sound ( apart from an overinflated building sector ) , it was just crippled when the irish government assumed the debts of irish banks , which caused government spending to plummet , consumer confidence to vanish , taxes to increase , and all that entails ... 
  both going down ... 
  it 's currently the 100th anniversary of the rising that led to my country 's independence , and we 're currently engaged in beating ourselves up over whether the couple of hundred civilian deaths that were a consequence of the rising were morally acceptable , irish civilians mind you , after the british brought a gunboat up the liffey and levelled a square mile of dublin city centre . 
  i doubt many british in these threads would give an eyeblinks moment of thought to a couple of hundred civilians killed by the british , because their empire was just tremendous do n't you know ... 
  do n't be , its what you get when generations are taught that theirs was the greatest empire the world ever saw , with the history of death and exploitation as an optional extra postgraduate module ... 
  no , i have n't read the book , i do n't care who he is frankly , i studied irish history for several years and never heard of him , so he 's obviously not that much of a `` leading historian '' , and there 's plenty of revisionist history out there . 
  you posted an excerpt , which is in no way illustrative of the irish experience under british rule , in an attempt to smear the irish with the taint of british imperialism , when ireland was colonised and nearly destroyed by british rule , forgive me if i do n't indulge in a peer review with you ... 
  one book , written by a boston academic , does not alter the history of the british in ireland , i 'd recommend some reading to you , there 's plenty on the famine , the plantations , cromwell , corn laws , indentured servitude , the black and tans , british army collusion in terrorism . 
  it 's frankly hilarious that you 're trying to tar a colonised , oppressed people , turned into literal serfs and landless peasants , with the same brush as their colonisers . 
  millions starved , murdered and exiled by the british , and you throw some obscure work that he pulled off google in an attempt to make the irish people complicit in their own degradation and destruction , pathetic , and disgusting ... 
  irishmen taking a job fighting in the british army to feed themselves and their families because their land has been stolen , or fleeing or being exiled from their country because they were starving in the fields while food was being exported at the point of a british bayonet is a * little * bit different than what the british did.we were the first colony , and the one under the british bootheel for longest , our country 's population was halved under british rule , * twice * . 
  i 'm sure those starving lads who joined up or fled to the states were avid imperialists ... 
  well , there we go then ... 
  and r/ireland it would appear ... 
  following me about chief ? 
  * coughs loudly * ... 
  yup , funny is n't it ? 
  r/unitedkingdom was n't best pleased with our reaction to that , there were even a few in r/ireland who thought it was out of order , and here we are , only a day or so later , and hundreds of british redditors are posting their hearts out glorying in the behaviour of the british empire , and excusing away the deaths and subjugation of hundreds of millions of people . 
  might is right is getting a roll out , as is white man 's burden , its really edifying ... 
  do n't bother , rabid anti-irish troll who frequents these parts , the prevailing thought is that one of us did his mrs up the bum ... 
  hello , rabid anti-irish troll who regularly posts , then deletes , racist abuse , how are you today ? 
  what about the vast uncounted dead of my people at the hands of yours ? 
  oh , i forgot , you 're * proud * of what they did , just like 44 % percent of your countrymen , at least the germans have the sense of morals to feel ashamed of the activities of their predecessors , so many brits glory in it that it 's frankly disgusting ... 
  err , feck off ... 
  why has n't anyone thought of that before ? 
  bonus points for it not even being a real country , ca n't see anyone being too bothered ... 
  i think the downvoters may have taken issue with my initial comment about racism and just continued on down , you were caught in the crossfire jeebus !, 
  you make a valid point there , though that * did * come off a little sarcasticly ... * eyes belgian with suspicion * ... 
  i never know when you 're being sarcastic jeebus , so i 'll take that on face value ; - ), 
  i would n't blame you , the amount of utterly racist shit upvoted to the heavens all over this website is unreal , and it 's * definitely * getting worse . 
  it was not like this 2-3 years ago and there 's no doubt it 's being astroturfed , between the racism and the constant murican gun masturbation i 'm getting close to leaving myself , and i used to visit reddit every day ... 
  it 'd be handy to have somewhere other than the uk to buy second hand cars from , delivery costs might be a bit steep though ... 
  i 'll admit it , i 'm a little bit in love with lisa hannigan , i think it 's a lovely version as well , i was in the pub trade for a long time , so fairytale makes me twitch a touch , still a great song though ... 
  they look lovely , the damage to the aul ' brain may have been already done unfortunately ... 
  well shane mcgowan was london irish , there 's a lot of the uk in the pogue 's songs , and anyway , county liverpool is the 33rd county , so there 's a lot of irish in them !, 
  what i 'm trying to say is , it 's irish all the way down ... 
  happy christmas horse !, 
  if i 'm being honest , the op is the angel on the irish shoulder , the link on the comment is the devil . 
  and we love a bit of divilment ... 
  jaysus that 's lovely , maith th\u00fa ... 
  happy christmas everyone , and something a bit more [ irish ] ( https://youtu.be/j9jbdgzidu8 ) for those who like that sort of thing ... 
  you left out a few good shows , paths to freedom , love/hate , bachelors walk , the savage eye , and of course , glenroe . 
  to be fair , the sports coverage is top notch , news department too , everything else is mostly shite ... 
  suck it u/jebusgobson ... 
  i 've no idea , but i 'm sure it was * lovely * ... 
  hey norway , our 100th is coming up next year , and i 've always been partial to an aul ' fjiord ... by the way , england , did you see the nice present norway is getting finland ? 
  i could n't possibly think how * anyone * could top that ... * eyes derry hungrily * ... 
  you really do crack me up sometimes , never change ... 
  * twitches * ... 
  i 'm surprised our resident swiss gun nut has n't showed up yet , no doubt he 'll make an appearance ... 
  certainly not the irish !, 
  well that was a pretty effective reform in and of itself ... 
  i do n't know about that , russia is pretty much pro-assad , anti-everyone else , nato does n't have much love for assad , even now , i think its a bit more complex than that . . 
  how so , from what i gather the russian plane was n't bombing isis , it was bombing turkmen anti-assad rebels ... 
  the pilots were going on holiday ... 
  it could very well have been in turkish airspace when it was hit ... 
  i 'm curious , do you enjoy trolling ? 
  it just strikes me as the kind of activity a mentally deficient person would engage in , or a child . 
  i 'd like an insight as to why someone wastes their time with something like this . 
  i 'm bemused as to what kind of mentality would be behind it , it seems so useless ... 
  the lad is trying to be more of a prick than bosco , an impossible task ... 
  i think this is the perfect illustration of how important the eu is , it was the saving of my country , poland and romania have the ability to be powerhouses , well educated , young populations , with huge potential . 
  the aim of the eu for the next ten years should be to ensure that the new members are assisted as much as possible to bring them to parity with the older members , and * then * look at ever closer union and further expansion ( the remaining balkan states , ukraine , moldova ), 
  in fairness , their hands were utterly tied by their government . 
  from what i 've read on the subject the army itself were immensely frustrated by the restrictions imposed upon them ... 
  he 's a troll , he regularly posts rubbish about ireland on here , bit of an aul ' chip on his shoulder ... 
  err , you 're not the biggest history buff are you ? 
  intelligent debate , with someone who regularly makes insulting and false comments about ireland on this sub ? 
  and then deletes them ? 
  you 're a troll , simple as that , unless you want to show us on the doll where the irish person touched you , its that or one of us shagged your mrs. . . 
  i hear that there are great investment opportunities to be had there ... 
  is shit , also , can not into space ... 
  correct , yes , i believe that roughly the same growth rate has been maintained through 14/15 if i recall correctly . . 
  have n't published figures yet , would mostly likely have the highest rate ... somebody else posted this : https://i.imgur.com/rvz3hct.png, 
  oh they 're deviated all right ... 
  the cost of doing any business in ireland is ridiculous , even after deregulation irish taxi drivers have big overheads and costs , fuel alone ... 
  mine does , licensed , insured , inspected and regulated taxi service that 's at my door in minutes : https://www.hailoapp.com/ie/, 
  [ oliver cromwell ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oliver_cromwell ) , recently voted 10th greatest british person of all time by the british people . . 
  good luck chief , i would n't want to be you right now , and i would certainly not want to have to read the shit you 'll have to read in the coming hours , you 're a better man than i am , fair dues to you ... 
  i 've lived across europe for many years , and in other places , we 're more similar than different , my sister lived in paris for years , this is an attack on all of us ... 
  you 're going to have a tough time tonight ... 
  i 'm irish , we 're a neutral country , but that does n't matter , we need to stand with france , whatever that entails , that 's it ... 
  i do n't know , but we need to respond , and as europeans , we need to stand with france , this ca n't continue ... 
  i ca n't understand it , it makes me so angry , and i have no idea what to do with that ... 
  fuck , fuck , i ca n't get my head around this ... 
  jesus , i was watching the football , and i saw this shite , can you imagine ? 
  i 'm sick to my stomach , i 've turned the tv off , i do n't know what to say ...
