  i 'm for irish participation in a pan-european defence force , the majority of my countrymen are not , more than likely due to our history of being at the receiving end of a murderous military occupation ... 
  ireland will not vote for tax harmonisation , nor will several other countries in the eu , it 's a moot point , unless the eu decides it wants to start shedding members . 
  an eu army can go ahead without ireland 's involvement , personally , i think we should be involved , but i 'd wager a majority of my countrymen would not agree with me ... 
  right , but the entire basis for all eu progress and change has been treaties , and treaties , by law , have to be ratified by both the irish government and the irish people through a referendum . 
  it is not legally possible under eu law to alter the current position regarding taxation and any eu army without the ratification of a new treaty , unanimously , by all member states . 
  ireland has a veto on tax policy , it also has the ability to not join an eu army if it wishes , both enshrined in the lisbon treaty . 
  so they only way those two things would become an issue is if theirish government agreed to them , and the irish public voted for them by referendum , things that will not happen . 
  not sure where you got the 6 % figure from ? 
  hmm , i do know that history lessons that do n't involve the glory of empire are n't very popular with some english , so apologies if i 've upset you !, 
  i 'm not sure how the original gobshite referring to my country as a cultural backwater makes * me * the racist , but that 's just us fahking irish , innit ? 
  we 're not very quick on the uptake ... 
  \u00c9ire , not eire , completely different meanings , and , unless you are speaking irish , incorrect usage . 
  the country is called ireland if you are speaking the english language . 
  it stems from british unwillingness to accept irish independence and use the correct nomenclature back in the 40 's and 50 's , an unwillingness still displayed by some more irredentist types today . 
  i see you made no mention of your compatriot labeling my country as a cultural backwater ? 
  how odd ... 
  no , no it could not , the demented ramblings of a retired academic do not make a will to leave the best thing that has ever happened to ireland in any way realistic . 
  we 'll fight our corner of course , but the vast majority of irish people are pro-eu ... 
  i know right ? 
  describing ireland as `` culturally 20 years behind england '' , whilst calling it by a name only used by little englanders , those paddies eh ? 
  always taking offense at nothing !, 
  of course you do n't ... 
  i 'm sure you have heaps of respect for foreigners , and irish people in particular , just heaps , you seem like a really respectful chap ... 
  oh , i 'm sorry , were you speaking irish ? 
  my mistake !, 
  of course , it 's only called eire , in english , by a certain type of english person , one with , how shall we say , less than positive attitudes towards ireland ? 
  always entertaining to run across one online , no ukip meeting tonight then ? 
  ( nice ninja edit by the way ! ), 
  i do n't live in dublin , the country is called ireland , not eire , and considering the desire of your countrymen to set the clock back you must have had a tremendous time altogether !, 
  well , that 's his opinion , i 'd personally disagree ... 
  jaysus , that 's just fucking grim all round , you 're not unique in the `` fucks sake , you realise you 're not at home , right ? '', 
  stakes though . 
  seeing the local `` characters '' in dublin intermingled with all the yanks on their once in a lifetime trip can be fairly horrifying as well ... 
  were they tourists ? 
  i have to say that was very well told , please tell me it is n't copypasta ? 
  you 're grand horse , we 're only having a laugh at the blowhard . 
  most irish people know he 's not repsentative of most actual brits , it 's more funny than anything !, 
  to be fair , he was n't * completely * wrong about that part , google `` rathkeale '' for further info ... 
  there 's a bit of history with the whole `` eire '' thing actually , like everything between the british and the irish ... 
  was he speaking irish ? 
  u/londonderryloyalty i like you derry lads , good craic so you are !, 
  they 're just negging us bruv ' ... 
  it 's wrong about more than that , but who needs facts when you 're furiously masturbating into the union jack whilst staring glassily at a picture of the queen ? 
  certainly a revealing glimpse into the might of some of brexiteer friends across the water is n't it ? 
  somebody misses their empire ... 
  - but you 'll man the barricades against the brexit lies though , right ? 
  fearless in the face of right wing bollocks , and wrapped in the yellow and blue , you 'll man the barricades against brexit bullshit ? 
  cos , and do n't take this as a criticism my europhile friend , going by your comment history , you 're either * deep * undercover or talking out of your arse ... as for `` rolling in the mud of retardation '' ( now now , not conducive to your lib dem ideals that ) i 'm upset , you had me all turned around , we were going to battle together , fighting against the denialism and whitewashing of our respective countrymen , you were the chosen one !, 
  you were going to fearlessly recount the details of the murderous swathe your country 's army cut through ireland to all and sundry , while i condemned ira bombings !, 
  we were going to be the anglo-irish starsky and hutch of historical reality !, 
  i 'm fucking * heartbroken * so i am , it 's almost as if you were n't being sincere ... 
  well chief , you know what you can do with your pity i do very much look forward to seeing you defend the european project in the future though , in line with your strong lib dem ideals . 
  i particularly look forward to seeing you correct your countrymen on here when they start talking out of their arses about the troubles . 
  i 'll make sure to username ping you so that you can make your balanced contribution , and remind them of the crimes of the british army and loyalists . 
  it 'll be a treat !, 
  i 'm so happy we 've had this little chat !, 
  i 'm quite fond of chestnuts actually , never met a bad one , as for your first comment , i 'm irish , we have a fairly deep insight into the consequences of not challenging that kind of british attitude and behaviour . 
  sorry my winding up of actual hateful xenophobe brits upsets you so much , i wonder why that is , given your apparent pacific and loving nature ( except towards the eu though , fuck that pack of bloody foreigners , right ? 
  cos ' democracy , innit ), 
  yeah , that bit about you being a [ remainer ] ( https://media1.giphy.com/media/eouezi5bbr8uk/200w_s.gif ) ? 
  i do n't give a fuck about wrongs making a right , i give a fuck about not letting your delightful band of compatriots poison this sub with their virulant hatred and xenophobia , fight fire with fire , that 's what i say , fuck the cunts ... what race do i hate exactly by the way ? 
  intrigued to find out so i am ... 
  odd that you 're on here defending brexit so fervently ever day so , you must n't be the most dedicated to the european cause . 
  how am i racist exactly ? 
  that 's hilarious . 
  i seriously love how you ignored the pig ignorant cunt of a brit i was replying to with that comment , the one who was advocating murdering irish civilians , cheers , you 've entirely proved my point about one-eyed brits , it 's honestly perfect !, 
  are you ? 
  you could fool me , going by your media , practically every british person i have met , your politicians and your online contingent . 
  i ca n't recall much in the way of even handed commentary coming from the uk . 
  i somehow doubt a right wing brexiteer such as yourself would be a great exponent of condemning the crimes of the british army and loyalists , but fire away , it 'd be most refreshing to hear ... 
  we 're fully aware of that over here thanks , we were victims of it ourselves . 
  the same can not be said of our neighbours across the water unfortunately , myopic does n't begin to describe it ... 
  i do n't think they can be brought to justice to be honest , some awareness in the uk of the victims of british terrorism would be nice though . . 
  good heavens , questioning the actions of british ~ ~ terrorists ~ ~ soldiers in northern ireland is tantamount to collusion with terrorism !, 
  thankfully we 'll hear no more of ** that ** under a dup-backed british government ... # \\ \\ redwhiteandblue, 
  this is a good thing , hopefully we 'll see something similar for the victims of british state terrorism in [ ireland ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_and_monaghan_bombings ), 
  i 'm well aware , you 've no need to apologise at all !, 
  unfortunately his type seem drawn to this sub like moths to a flame ... 
  `` why oh why ca n't our brave , brave soldiers be let murder even * more * civilians '' ... yeah , it was a damn shame the cowardly fuckers were n't allowed to do what they wanted ... * such * a shame so many of you `` boys '' ended up dead in a ditch as well , heartbreaking so it is ... 
  well , we kicked their arses the last time , so keep on with the jingoism ... 
  ireland has a veto on taxation , it 's a different matter to migrant policies ... 
  the great british public ( tm ) certainly is n't solely informed by transportation themed bollocks , they also have their world class press to keep them up to date on bendy bananas and evil foreigners , i 'd say you 're an avid consumer yourself ;-), 
  well , it would n't be the welsh , their expertise lies more in the livestock area ... 
  you should subscribe to r/europexit , sort you right out so it will . 
  just lob some bullshit up on the side of a bus and bobs your uncle ... 
  oh look , you 're being a prick and entirely making his point for him , how unsurprising ... good man yourself ... 
  * yawns *, 
  so you * are * that thick , gotcha . 
  listen , some day someone will hopefully teach you the basics of reading comprehension , geography and history , but it wo n't be me today . 
  so trot along there like a good lad and do n't be bothering me anymore ... 
  oh jesus , please tell me you are n't this fucking thick , i mean , * mahogany * is n't this fucking dense ... 
  northern ireland is part of the uk , it 's not just * britain * leaving , and brexit will fuck ni , that 's what he 's referring to ... 
  the fungal growth of brexiteers does n't help in fairness ... 
  ok chief , be happy ... 
  i think you might need to chill the fuck out , maybe , just a thought , you seem very angry ... 
  that 's a lie , and yet it sits at 11 upvotes . 
  funny that , when you see the brits whining about how oppressed they are on this sub ... 
  banned from r/ireland are you ? 
  you do n't appear to have any concept of how customs , borders , the eu , or the cta work . 
  there 's no real point in going any further with you i 'm afraid ...
