  the catholic part not so much , the sectarian element of the conflict in northern ireland is only a small facet of irish nationalism , the ira were a left wing organisation for most of their existence , and one of the leaders of the 1916 rising was [ james connolly ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/james_connolly ) , irish republicanism/nationalism always had a left wing element to it , and should n't be conflated with the nationalism prevalent in mainland europe , which was right wing in nature, 
  irish nationalism and british nationalism are two very different things though , irish nationalism had a very left wing flavour to it for starters ... 
  one of the most pro-eu countries in fact ... 
  `` i hate indians . 
  they are a beastly people with a beastly religion '' the viceroy of india said `` churchill 's attitude towards india and the famine is negligent , hostile and contemptuous '' . 
  leo amery who was the british secretary of state in india said he `` did n't see much difference between his [ churchill ] outlook and hitler 's '' . 
  churchill refused all of the offers to send aid to bengal , canada offered 10,000 tons of rice , the u.s 100,000 , he just point blank refused to allow it . 
  more than a few million , read up on the bengal famine , the black and tans in ireland and the mau mau to name but a few examples of his crimes ... 
  [ we 're doing our best ] ( https://youtu.be/fusplvstpbk ), 
  seriously though , gon na be a few decades before we 're back above pre-famine levels , even at that growth rate ... 
  i 've lived in kentucky would you believe , it 's no prize to be fair , pretty though !, 
  i mean , again , i 'm irish , i kinda * have * to act like the brits are the big evil , pretty sure that 's compulsory in all seriousness though , hung parliament 's and the joys of fptp aside , there 's a pretty large chunk of brits the xenephobe/brexiteer tag applies to , not a/the majority , but a worryingly sizeable amount ... 
  seriously , thanks for the laugh , and your in-depth analysis ... 
  she was voted into parliament , and the british people voted tory knowing she would be their leader , i 'm irish , do you not think i know hoelw a parliamentary system works ? 
  i definitely do n't think the british people were being sarcastic when they elected farage , johnson , gove and may , i think the people who voted for them , and for brexit , were quite serious unfortunately ... 
  well enough americans voted in their recent elections that their whole country is being run like kentucky , ditto for the uk ... 
  i did n't realise farage was n't a british politician , elected by british people , would you like some boris johnson or michael gove instead ? 
  in the last two years a pile of companies , many in aircraft leasing , registered in ireland for tax purposes , and there were some one-off actions by multinationals ( not the `` double irish '' , which has ceased for new companies ) . 
  this has resulted in ireland 's gdp figure being somewhat misleading , [ here ] ( https://www.irishtimes.com/business/economy/handful-of-multinationals-behind-26-3-growth-in-gdp-1.2719047?mode=amp ) is an article about it ... 
  well , ireland 's gdp figures are pretty fucky , hard to know where we stand there . . 
  i drove across ireland today , saw at least five different types of rain ... 
  the height of your churchillian oratory is only exceeded by that of the bucket on your head ... 
  ireland has over 200 billion in debt as a result of the bank bailout , and greece has twice the population we have , fuckers have actual sunshine as well , the bastards ... 
  lord buckethead , is that you ? 
  the guy you replied to was joking about how the dup is now the kingmaker in your government ... 
  ahem ... * coughs in dupish * ... 
  us european peasants can only dream of such strength and stability unfortunately ... 
  they are irish * or * british , or both , but either way , it 's best not to drop the `` northern '' when making such statements ... 
  irish people are n't british , scots are ... 
  fuck britain ( as always ) , i 'll take that spot just for the good weather ... 
  from the * tories * ?? 
  good , british , terrorism , not like them nasty paddy 's ... 
  seems pretty strong and stable to me , with a tinge of red white and blue , and a touch of support for terrorism ... where are our resident british posters who so dearly love to bleat on about the ira now ? 
  any comment on the head of the dup meeting the head of the uda , a british terrorist group , during this election campaign and 24 hours after the uda had murdered somebody in a supermarket carpark ? 
  where are all the posters who said vile things about martin mcguinness , who was indeed formerly a terrorist but who at least renounced violence and attempted to gain peace ? 
  would any of those same posters why do so love to make sly and nasty comments about ireland care to comment on the deal being made with the dup to govern their country ? 
  thought not ... 
  i mean , i ca n't see how a country could * be * any more strong and stable !, 
  because this sub is infested with annoying brexiteers that come crawling out of the woodwork acting like dickheads at the drop of a hat ? 
  its purely pre-emptive , i assure you . 
  as for me talking about the uk a lot lately , well , you may have noticed , but they are kind of a hot topic right about now . 
  irish people do n't have `` a chip on their shoulder '' , brexit could seriously damage our economy and threaten peace in ni , so many of us are equal parts astounded at it 's idiocy and angered by it 's arrogant ignorance ... 
  who cares ? 
  you 're gone , your recent election just means that your leaving will be more disastrous that it was already going to be , hilariously enough ... 
  now now , do n't be upsetting our resident red white and blue posters with the reality of northern ireland 's history , it 'll make them feel less strong and stable ... 
  well , your thinking appears to match that of the british electorate ... 
  hungarian republican confirmed ... 
  burgerland ? 
  what 's that , some kind of us military base ? 
  sounds better in [ kerryman ] ( https://youtu.be/gi9q45gk4t0 ), 
  ok , which cure do you think americans would prefer , a million rapey russians , or a couple of nukes ? 
  and the british are n't being lied to and manipulated ?!, 
  [ dunno ] ( https://www.google.ie/search?q=donegal+memes&amp;safe=off&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewixxs7vgzjuahvjb8akhbx4cu8q_auilygb&amp;biw=432&amp;bih=688#imgrc=yqwdojajggzg4m%3a ), 
  [ sure it is ] ( https://youtu.be/zsbsq6hbbzw ), 
  there 's no way you can trust a population that elected trump not to elect somebody equally as bad , if not worse , they 're through the looking glass over there ... 
  needs more muff, 
  it is per capita , i mean , it 's not disney world , we 'd have a hard time entertaining 80 million tourists in a country of 4.5 million . 
  to give you an example , ireland receives three times as many tourists as scotland , a country of roughly equal size and population ... 
  fair enough , i 'll leave you off so `` you sure as hell are n't '' twice as many people visit ireland every year as live here , i 'd say that qualifies as popular , we get a lot of tourists , you would have seen that on your visit here , perhaps you were distracted by the sight of our upsetting flag ? 
  i did n't say that most british people were n't lovely , i just said that they were more nationalistic than irish people , and in a more jingoistic and supremacist manner . 
  i 'm sorry that people were ride to you , and it 's not right , i experienced similar things in the uk , being called a `` fahcking paddy '' on a number of occasions , `` hilarious '' potato and terrorist jokes and the like . 
  that said , what you experienced , while distasteful , is not nationalism per se , it was xenophobia rooted in a very long and unfortunate history that is specifically related to the uk and ireland , it 's not the same thing . 
  why you would be surprised at seeing the tricolour flown in ireland i do n't know , it 's our flag , i do n't think we fly ours any more obviously or frequently than yourselves or the swedes or the swiss for that matter . 
  why would there be a problem with our flag flying ? 
  i 'm going to have to pull you up on the `` non-irish behaviour '' thing , we are one of the most popular tourist destinations in europe , we 're quite used to non irish behaviour , whatever that means . 
  i replied because you stated that ireland was more nationalistic than the uk , i do n't believe that 's the case , quite the opposite in fact . 
  ireland does n't have a movement like ukip , or the bnp , or britain first , all nationalistic , xenophobic , jingoistic , supremacist organisations . 
  i think you should reflect on the existence of such organisations and the level of their support before dismissing the existence of british nationalism ... 
  i can give you examples jingoistic and superior behaviour which i experienced both in the uk and abroad from english people if you wish ( or i could just link you some videos of your soccer fans ) ? 
  i 'd be interested to hear what equivalent experiences you 've had with irish people ... 
  i think you 're being a bit self deceptive or blind if you ca n't see the nationalism inherent in brexit , and to call britain un-nationalist , i feel like you 're talking a foreign language !, 
  i 'm familiar with the uk , having lived there , and the regional identities there are far from as strong as you 're portraying them , my point being about england as opposed to the uk as a whole . 
  perhaps if you have multiple people , from multiple countries , telling you the same thing about yours , it 's time to perhaps have a rethink , at the very least , about how your country projects itself and is perceived , and equally , how you may be a touch blind to some of its less tasteful attributes , which is why i was so puzzled by your experiences in my country , i 've never heard of visitors experiencing jingoistic supremacist nationalism from irish people , it 's genuinely baffling , i can , however , recount such experiences which i have had in your country , as can many of my countrymen and other europeans ... 
  because more people could be killed in a bus crash ? 
  hey , i 'm not the one who started on about blood being spilled , and the soviets have everyone beat hands down on that one ... 
  berlin airlift is a bit of a reach , and if we 're talking ww2 and blood spilled the americans do n't really get a look in next to the soviets , do they ? 
  i 'm truly puzzled as to what supremacist , jingoistic nationalism you experienced in ireland . 
  we are not a country known for such things , it 's not the general experience of visitors to our country , and it does n't form the basis for any of our political life . 
  the uk in the other hand , just demonstrated one of the more overt displays of nationalism in recent european history , and it would be fair to say that many consider the british to have a superior and disdainful attitude towards other nationalities , something that is not said about the irish in my experience ... 
  you see , that 's where it falls down , `` belief in the superiority of one 's own country over others '' if you believe that 's more applicable to the population of ireland than that of england , well , i genuinely do n't know what to say to you . 
  irish nationalism is civic nationalism , not jingoistic or supremacist , the same can not be said of british nationalism . 
  #neverforget those european conflicts ... 
  i 'm curious , how do you define `` nationalistic '' so ? 
  ireland more nationalistic than the uk ( or more specifically , england ) ? 
  i really do n't think so to be honest ... 
  what american blood ? 
  do we have the capability to tie the kite to the dinghies yet or is that not going to happen till the next round of defence spending ? 
  ** you 're not helping !!, 
  that 's kinda what i was going for , yeah ... 
  really , shite , that 's what you get for doing german in school !, 
  it was more the royal `` you '' , i.e , the english in general that i was referring to actually ... 
  the were british , not irish , that 's how they viewed themselves and how they were viewed . 
  frank was the colonial administrator of occupied poland , by your logic , that makes him polish ... 
  the chippier they get , the more should be added to the bill ... 
  there was no irish government , nor was british imperialism the will of the irish people , who were subject to it 's viciousness themselves . 
  irishmen joining the british army due to desperation up to and including starvation by the british empire does not make ireland responsible for the acts of that british empire . 
  the sepoys do not make india responsible for the british empire , the ghurkas do not make nepal responsible for the british empire , and the askaris do not make kenya responsible for the crimes of the british empire ... 
  well , they were n't irish for the most part , they were british colonial ascendancy , or was [ hans frank ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/hans_frank ) polish , going by your false equivalence , interesting that you should draw the parallel between the nazis and british imperialism though , i agree , there 's a lot of commonality ... 
  between the [ penal laws ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/penal_laws_ ( ireland ) ) , [ cessation of irish self governance ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/acts_of_union_1800 ) and the [ famine ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_famine_ ( ireland ) where was this great irish empire building ? 
  the irish serfs who joined the british army did so out of desperation caused by the above , the anglo ascendancy officer class were n't irish to begin with .
