  holy shit , well , best of luck with that worldview buddy !, 
  somebody * has * said it , * you * said it around 20 minutes ago !, 
  i can link you to your comment if you like ? 
  just fyi , the term `` british isles '' was not used for centuries , millennia even , it has not been in continued use for thousands of years , and it 's modern incarnation is an explicitly political one , to justify british claims on ireland . 
  your final sentences are silly to be honest ( not having a go , but they are ) , do we call thailand siam ? , is sri lanka really ceylon , myanmar burma ? 
  do you insist to czechs and slovaks that they are actually czechoslovakians ? 
  do you tell bosnians , serbs and croats that they should keep referring to themselves as yugoslavians to avoid confusion ? 
  do you see how silly that point is ? 
  i hope the above does n't seem aggressive , because i 'm honestly not trying to be , but you have to understand that irish people fought very hard , for a very long time , to win our independence from a very brutal occupier , and we simply want no association with them , just because we live next door does not make us family ... 
  you seem to believe that because of the term `` british isles '' ( which , in fairness to you , you understand is not a term accepted by the irish people , the irish government , the british government , the eu , or any other number of bodies ) , that ireland is somehow british in some way , i 'm trying to explain to you that this is not the case . 
  i 'm not being salty , you 're genuinely labouring under a misapprehension , because the term `` british isles '' is an innacurate and misleading one , that ireland is in some way british , i 'm trying to help you out by explaining to you how this is not the case . 
  this is seriously not me being an internet dickhead , or a raving nationalist , whatever about the disputed term `` british isles '' , i 'm trying to explain to you as clearly as possible , that ireland is not british , in any way , seriously , i 'm not having a joke with you , or trying to be an asshole , that is just a fact , an uncontested fact , honest to god . 
  i do n't know what more to tell you , maybe ask the question in r/unitedkingdom , r/ireland , or r/geography if you do n't believe me ? 
  this is funny ( i 'm not being a dick , it 's genuinely funny ) , you 're conflating the term `` british isles '' with ireland being british ... 
  this is exactly what we 're bloody talking about !!, 
  ireland is not british , not politically , not geographically , not in any other way , at all . 
  this is not disputed by anyone , except people like yourself who are confused/believe that because the term exists , somehow ireland is british , and that irish people are british . 
  we 're not , i 'm irish , i 'm telling you this , any british person will tell you this , any geographer will tell you this , any historian will tell you this . 
  this is the reason that the term is innacurate , the isles in question are not , in fact , british . . ireland is not british . 
  not even a * teeny tiny little bit * ... apart from the bit up north , that 's a bit british , politically ... 
  doubling down , i admire that ... 
  `` geographically all of the british isles will always be british . 
  but the people are not british because of the uk , they are british because of the geographical location '' `` and the irish are also british . '', 
  i 'm quoting you here , you 're completely wrong , i mean , this transcends the whole british isles thing , about which you are also wrong , this is a whole different level of wrong . 
  ireland is not `` geographically british '' , whatever the hell that means , ask any irish person , ask any british person , ask any geographer , you are 100 % , factually , incorrect whether you choose to listen to others when they inform you that you are wrong is up to you . 
  not sure why you linked me the wiki on the naming dispute , i 'm fully familiar with it ... 
  ireland is not british , irish people are not british , you are utterly incorrect , at the most basic level . 
  that fact is in no way disputed by anyone , british or irish . 
  the fact that the term `` british isles '' has lead you to believe that irish people are british ironically proves the point that everyone has been making to you , that it is an innacurate term that should not be used , one of the many reasons for that being that it is confusing to foreigners who them assume/believe , as you do , that ireland is british ... 
  so , thanks for providing a perfect example of that , i suppose ... 
  there 's no need for purity laws in ireland , we 're pure to start with ... 
  i think you 'll find they do , there was a bot created by an irish guy a while back pointing out that it was a disputed term , and there was a hilarious amount of triggered british people reacting to it in a very angry manner ... 
  it 's fecking blasphemy is what it is ... 
  we do n't mind them calling themselves `` irish-american '' , we mind them calling themselves irish . . 
  not really , anything that in any way associates ireland with being british is what will set us off ... 
  well , maybe you should stop ruining perfectly good guinness by shagging bloody whiskey and bailey 's into it and you would n't have that problem ? 
  yes , country names are , sometimes , sometimes not , and they can change with time . 
  the `` british isles '' are n't a country though . 
  you can call the irish sea what you want , the irish did n't name it that , the british did , you 'll have a hard time finding any irishman who gives a shit what its called , whereas many british people seem to be peculiarly attached to the term `` british isles '' ... 
  no , not an explorer , the person who created the term never visited the islands , he was a mapmaker . 
  the term was n't used for centuries , millennia in fact , until it was seized upon by the british imperialist john dee , to express british ownership of ireland ... 
  it 's not a term that has been used for thousands of years , and it 's modern use is absolutely political in origin . . 
  we nearly built one , then crusties happened ... 
  i 'm sorry , but that 's hilarious ... 
  hmm , wonder how that would go ? 
  `` were you ever in the ira '' - '' '' `` where are the bodies '' - '' '' `` if you had to fight a hundred queen sized margaret thatchers , * or * a margaret thatcher sized queen , which would you prefer and why ? '', 
  i 'd say it 's people like you that make me embarrassed to be irish , but i do n't consider you irish ;-) off you pop now to slobber some more tan balls ... 
  the origin of the term is greek , coined by a greek who never even visited the islands , not sure if the romans ever used the term ... 
  err , great ? 
  gerry adams reddit account confirmed ... 
  he 's a fecking gobshite is what he is ... 
  jesus christ , it 's not simply a geographical term , it 's extremely politicised , and was popularised by an actual imperialist to denote british ownership of ireland . 
  i mean , you genuinely could n't be acting like more of a west brit if you tried ... 
  ironic that the fella making the west brit argument is the one with the ~ ~ west brit ~ ~ leinster flair , and he 's calling you out !, 
  ireland was n't inhabited by britons ... 
  so , hang on , * europeans * are bigots , trump is n't ? 
  * that 's * what you 're trying to say ?!? 
  and make sure you join the russians at the start , then switch over to us halfway through ... 
  `` the defenders of this realm have worked well in secret and in the open . 
  they think that they have pacified ireland . 
  they think that they have purchased half of us and intimidated the other half . 
  they think that they have foreseen everything , think that they have provided against everything ; but the fools , the fools , the fools !, 
  -- they have left us our fenian dead , and while ireland holds these graves , ireland unfree shall never be at peace . '', 
  - padraig pearse , at the grave of o'donovan rossa , less than a year before he lead the 1916 rising in dublin [ video re-enactment ] ( https://youtu.be/zeizir0dp-k ) bonus wb yeats : `` being irish , he had an abiding sense of tragedy , which sustained him through temporary periods of joy '' bonus2 : because there 's a wealth of great irish quotation , robert emmet 's speach from the dock , before he was hung , drawn , and quartered by the british : [ emmet ] ( https://youtu.be/u4i8qn5lgis ), 
  i was careful in my wording there for reason , was donald trump elected ? 
  yes . 
  who elected him ? 
  the american people ... not the * majority * of the american people , true , but that 's their system , they do n't seem to want to change it , so the result is on them in my view ... 
  it 's not just four years for me , the american people elected donald fucking trump as their president , that 's says something that lasts a lot longer than four years imo ... 
  i would n't be able to make that comparison , as i 've never been to those places . 
  what i would say is that i do n't think ireland is more religious than the uk , france or germany , all places i 've spent some time in . 
  ireland has a legacy of * having been * religious , and you can still see that in some of our laws , and education , but it takes time to change laws and educational structures . 
  i suppose the point that i 'm making is i do n't see why you went ireland above all those other countries , anyone who lives here , irish or otherwise , would tell you it is no longer a religious country , it used to be , but that 's not the same ... 
  you think ireland is especially religious ? 
  you 've obviously never been ... 
  i 'd rather not , thanks ... ;-), 
  just an fyi , it 's not `` mature people '' upvoting you in the afternoon , it 's just that your fellow lunatics across the ocean have woken up ... 
  well , going by the republic , the uk would be higher without * some * of northern ireland ... 
  the part that wants to remain part of the uk , ironically ... 
  i 'd prefer to be in a union with both ( a european union , that is , any other kind of union would n't be very welcome ) , but if one of them wants to fuck off , well , they can fuck off . . and the poles are a sound bunch of lads , not sure why you have an issue with them ... 
  not sure why you 're singling out ireland there to be honest , do you think we 're super religious , or anti-gay or something ? 
  because we 're neither ... 
  i think the germans would have to invent a new device to measure the idiocy of that fellas argument ... 
  nice to see white nationalists masquerading as europeans still lack basic reading comprehension ;-), 
  no , i am saying fuck * you * `` u/story _ of _ ** rhodesia ** '' , fuck you !, 
  could n't give a shite chief , off you pop there now , there 's a good little altrighter !, 
  ok bruv , whatever floats your little gunnut boat, 
  communism \u2260 the ira , or what was going on in ni , not by a long shot , what a ridiculous analogy !, 
  sorry is switzerland dealing with the legacy of a 40 year counterinsurgency war on its doorstep ? 
  thought not , and american laws are far more lax in general , and are as strong as the weakest , considering how laughably easy it is to move guns over state lines ... 
  not liberal compared to the us they 're not , i just do n't see any reason for intruding more lethal weaponry into society , crazy , i know ... 
  what 's wrong with my country ? 
  nothing more than any other , it 's nice to know common scumbags ca n't easily get their hands on guns to do their scumbaggy things though , keeps the murder rate down too !, 
  and if the only people affected are the type who want to masturbate to guns n ammo , well , bonus !, 
  you did n't address the second part of his point , which is the salient one ... 
  wait untill article 50 , they 'll probably overtake them ... 
  because guns kill people , and dead people * really * depress the rest of us ... 
  * nut, 
  how can portugal have the most cork ? 
  ireland has the city * and * the county , i call bullshit anyway lads ...
