  i think you 're forgetting ireland , when it comes to to nations who are your friends and speak english ... 
  you double posted there chief ... 
  ireland , brexit is going to massively effect us . . 
  as i said , * if * scotland leaves , there 's a good possibility ni will reunify with ireland , if not , its a lot less likely , but still not impossible ... 
  how do you mean ? 
  no one can say anything with certainty now , if the uk leaves the eu , and scotland leaves the uk , i see it as a distinct possibility ... 
  because as soon as they get on our team they turn into irish winners !, 
  it 's like magic !, 
  yeah , i think we 've actually run out , now every eejit who lost his passport the week before their trip to tenerife will miss their holiday because every bastard in the uk with an irish granny has applied for one . 
  still though , might help out with the aul ' football team further on down the road , silver linings and all that ... 
  shush , i think they 've forgotten about us ... 
  ooh , priest joke , mean , but i 'll allow it ... 
  * innit, 
  the only political option available to ni , as enshrined in the good friday agreement , apart from remaining in the uk , is reunification with ireland . 
  the uk subsidises the northern irish economy to the tune of 6 billion pounds per annum ... 
  independence is n't an option for ni , politically or economically . . 
  gaelic is the language family , including scots gaelic and irish , so gaelic also refers to irish ... 
  iceland are doing england a favour . 
  they 're showing the english how a european country can succeed outside the eu ... 
  what they should have changed it [ to ] ( http://www.flaginstitute.org/wp/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/uk1606.gif ) after we got rid of them ... 
  fucking thompson 's , mp 40 's , ppsh 's , you lads really hold on to your guns !, 
  it 's just the way it works , a lot of french were sure that they would top their group , which they did , and got tickets for the last 16 , we were n't sure at all , plus , you guys * are * the hosts , it has to have some benefits !, 
  well , things can change , but i do n't see it happening in the short-medium term , anyway , there 's other eu countries with lower effective rates as you yourself said . 
  it should be a cracker of a game , its a shame more ireland fans could n't get tickets , we 're very proud of them over here !, 
  we may well do that if the brexit causes a border to go up with northern ireland , if that can be avoided we wo n't join schengen . 
  peace and access between both of our parts of our small island is more important ... 
  unfortunately as a small , peripheral eu nation we need usp 's to have the ability to compete both with other eu countries , and countries outside the eu , for investment . 
  one of our main usp 's is our tax regime , without something to replace it , we 'll never agree to change it . 
  anyway , what do you think is going to happen in the match tomorrow , you looking forward to it ? 
  there 's a lot of small `` u '' unionists from both nationalist and unionist backgrounds over on r/northernireland saying that they would now vote for reunification if things go that way , there will of course always be the hard-line loyalist element , who knows what will happen ? 
  i did . 
  did you know that ireland has one of the most transparent and user-friendly tax systems in the eu ? 
  ireland 's corporate tax rate is key to our prosperity , the irish electorate is fully aware of this , there is n't a single political party proposing a change to it , because it would be political suicide , its a red-line issue ... 
  i just ca n't believe they bloody did it , a border with the north ? 
  utter , reckless stupidity ... 
  celtic union of norries , taigs and scots ... 
  wtf ?? 
  you want ireland to leave the eu because it is n't in schengan ( because the uk did n't want to be in schengan ) , some gobshites on here ... 
  ireland will never , never agree to tax harmonisation , and we have a veto , it is ( was , who knows after brexit ) our main competitive advantage in attracting inward investment , which has been the main driver for the country 's development ... 
  that 's what got us into trouble in the first place !, 
  that 's great , cos ' dublin property prices are too low at the moment ... 
  bang on , wales is in britain though ... 
  oh we 're european pal , you do you ... 
  i 'm pretty sure i sounded fairly similar when brady scored ... 
  we will be merciful rulers , just make sure you 're not around when the inevitable hangover kicks in ... 
  same as in dublin so , its getting crazy over here !, 
  * checks watch * , see you next week ? 
  that tells its own story , does n't it ? 
  what are house prices in helsinki like ? 
  in fairness , we 're not even talking about skyscrapers , they wo n't go above 12 stories or something ridiculous like that !, 
  * yawns *, 
  true , although we had pretty heavy emigration during the recession , many of those are likely to return however , we tend to be a fairly mobile population ... 
  what debate ? 
  you 're trying to paint one of the biggest victims of the british empire as somehow complicit in that empire , its utterly ridiculous , now shag off , there 's a good lad ... 
  we absolutely do , i 've no idea what 's stopping us , this `` retaining dublin 's georgian skyline '' stuff is just bollocks , we could go down the la defense route if that 's such a concern , the problem is that we elect utter eejits to both local and national government ... 
  so we 're expected to have the highest percentage population growth ? 
  i suppose there 's lots of room , it 'll all end up getting tacked onto dublin and to a lesser extent the other cities though , even though there 's already a housing crisis in those places ... 
  its definitely getting better , that vulcan segment was bloody beautiful ... 
  when you 're reaching back to tribal warfare in what borders on mythological times you 're reaching a bit chief , but i suppose it 's pointless for me to point that out ... 
  yeah , well done , your opinion matters a lot to me , i 'd remind you that you 're the one who took this up again a day later , and that you 'd be best following your own advice , but i 'd say that , like so , so much else , would be utterly lost on you ... 
  and i think you 're a gobshite with a typically wall-eyed view of british history , are we finally done here ? 
  i have better things to do than receive interminable responses from some dipstick so utterly obsessed with a topic that he 's trailing me around a two day old thread , its tiresome ... 
  ok chief , whatever you say yourself , maybe try and restrain yourself a touch though ? 
  holy shit , this is almost spam , how many comments are we at now ? 
  how many of my comments are you going to reply to ?!, 
  when did ireland colonise or oppressed another country ? 
  are you just following me around at this stage ? 
  you 've just described the sequence of removal of catholic and therefore irish disenfranchisement which just about ended at the end of the 19th century , without a hint of irony , that 's some fantastic bullshit you 're talking , all without addressing the actual point i made !, 
  let 's see if you can top it !, 
  `` the polish were complicit in the holocaust '' ... 
  i think we can stop right there , thanks for playing , and good night !, 
  i 'm not implying racial superiority at all , do n't know where you got that from , and the only whitewashing of history i 'm seeing on here is n't coming from irish people by your reasoning poland was complicit in the holocaust because some poles collaborated to survive , or because they were traitors , its utterly facile reasoning ... 
  you realise that ireland continuously rebelled against british rule and that millions died under it ? 
  trying to make us somehow responsible for the crimes of the british empire is pretty disgusting ... 
  i 'd lay a wager that far more irishmen starved under british rule than englishmen , far , far more , and proportionately more again , the great famine was n't the only famine that ireland underwent while under british rule . 
  irish people were n't allowed to own land , businesses , vote , or enter politics , they were kept as serfs , while the english working classes did n't have a great time during the 18th and 19th century , their circumstance was far different to the average irishman ... 
  ireland was never part of england , and the vast , vast bulk of irish people never took part in anything you are describing , they were kept as illiterate sharecropping serfs , farming land stolen from them for the profit of absentee british landlords , the only escape available to them was emigration or joining the army that was actively holding their country down , you have n't a clue what you 're talking about , and i 've no interest in educating you any further , g ` luck !, 
  how many englishmen starved under british rule ? 
  how many irish ? 
  ireland was n't in the uk voluntarily , i 'm not going to rehash the same thing over and over with you ... 
  * yawning intensifies * ... 
  * yawns *, 
  you realise that the industrial revolution essentially never came to ireland right ? 
  that irish people were n't allowed to own their own land , let alone open factories ? 
  i can look around and see what britain did for ireland , i can look down the road to famine memorial and read about the five thousand people buried there , found in ditches , their mouths stained green from eating grass , i can stroll into the village and look at the buildings that had to be rebuilt after the black and tans came through and burned them down , i can go out into the countryside and see the ruins of cottages pulled down by british landlords because the people living in them could n't afford paying rack rent to some lord in london . 
  it 's very easy for me to look around and see what britain did for ireland . 
  you do n't see me making any apologies for the catholic church either ... 
  we were in our holes , ireland was the first victim of the british empire , and no amount of you franticly googling for irishmen who were part of it is going to change that . 
  i know you 're only trying to wind me up , but i honestly have better things to do ... 
  holy shit !, 
  you know you 're talking to an irish person , right ? 
  ireland is the only country in western europe with a lower population now than it had in the 19th century , entirely due to british rule . 
  ireland 's population was halved through death and exile , twice , due to british rule . 
  irish is an ancient language , with fantastic poetry and literature , and it was nearly wiped out due to british rule , and you want me to * thank you * for speaking english ?!? 
  there 's no way you 're being serious ? 
  that you actually think british rule was beneficial to ireland ? 
  seriously ? 
  my point that when the gaels/irish spread into now scotland in the 6th/7th century it was a group of tribes/clans pushing into another group of tribe/clans territories , they were already interlinked , and we do n't know how much of an invasion it was , or whether it was `` armed migration '' , its not exactly we documented . 
  honestly , i do n't see how anyone could conflate that with a nation state invading other countries , and , by explicit policy , wiping out natives and destroying them , to exploit the people and resources for their own gain ... 
  wales ' position in the union and ireland 's were very , very different , not comparable at all really .
