  what . 
  you 're . 
  talking . 
  about . 
  starbucks ? 
  mcdonalds ? 
  what are you on about , we 're talking about multinational tech and pharmaceutical companies , not bloody burger stands or coffee shops . 
  ireland suffered from many disadvantages compared to mainland european countries , geographic , logistical , and so on , and chose to try and help make itself competitive and attractive on the basis of tax , and it worked , hundreds of thousands of jobs were created ... 
  the companies were n't there , ireland introduced low tax rates and other incentives to * attract * them , and again you bang on about graft , you really should n't talk about things of which you have no knowledge ... 
  you do n't seem to understand that multinationals employ hundreds of thousands of people in ireland , it is in the country 's interest to have those jobs here , thats why ireland has a low corporation tax rate , not some bizarre act of corruption that involves irish politicians beggaring their own country , what a ridiculous statement you just made , really . 
  there 's plenty of arguments against ireland 's position in this matter , just not yours , at all ... 
  i do n't think he ' / she 's a native english speaker , they do n't use the term `` netto '' , i think he/she 's scandinavian or german ... 
  you realise that no company would calculate that figure as a net loss , right ? 
  that figure gave the uk access to the single market and eu trade deals , it was worth many times that in terms of money made by british businesses , who then paid taxes in the uk ... 
  that 's not fair , they mostly starved people to death ... 
  but northern ireland is n't * currently * part of great britain , how could it remain so ? 
  if he 's from northern ireland he can be irish , british , both , or neither , he 's well within his rights to have a roi flag , he 's entitled to a passport and every other right afforded to an irish citizen ... 
  northern irish unionists would be culturally close to scotland ... 
  a dome , they need a dome ... 
  no problem , send umbrellas ... 
  not with the rebate they used to get taken out of consideration , does n't norway pay more per head than the uk currently ? 
  we get all the shit weather before it hits britain , takes the sting out of it ... 
  chunnel blitzkrieg it is ... 
  ni has moved on ? 
  really ? 
  i 'll have what he 's having thanks ^, 
  a likely story ;-), 
  well , we 'll see how good the internet is by how long he takes to respond ... 
  and ? 
  the irony is just as delicious no matter what year it is ... 
  a brit complaining about colonisation ... wew lad ... . 
  i would n't go that far ... 
  ca n't spell inbred , spot the brexit voter !, 
  as successful as it was the last time the uk controlled us ? 
  you do n't really know your history , do you ? 
  the best thing we ever did was managing to finally kick the brits out , by the way , ireland has a higher gdp per capita than the uk ... 
  ditto ... fecking church , always fucking us over ... 
  and us , weirdly ... 
  sorry about the pay wall : [ here ] ( http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/courts/prison-sentences-ranging-from-two-to-three-and-a-half-years-for-anglo-conspiracy-trio-34922383.html ), 
  well , it was n't obvious to me ( probably because of your use other the word `` completely '' ) or , it would appear , many other people ... 
  wellington * was * `` irish '' ... 
  a lot were [ irish ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/culture/heritage/just-how-many-irish-fought-at-the-battle-of-waterloo-1.2254271 ) sorry about that ... 
  jesus , you 've nothing better to do than troll this thread , have you ? 
  sad ... 
  `` completely back out of the european market '' is what you said , not `` completely back out of selling their products to netflix europe '' ... 
  what american entertainment provider is going to cut themselves off from the biggest market in the world , * on purpose * , just because they might make slightly less money ?!, 
  you never got a mountain for your birthday ? 
  you just run , i 'll hold them back from here ... 
  dude , he was making a joke ... 
  can you use a vpn ? 
  i have no real advice to give you , i 've never been in anything remotely approaching your situation , maybe make sure you have plenty of water , food , that kind of thing ? 
  just be * careful * ... 
  the suspense is killing me ... 
  i bet they were a regular in the roisin ... 
  ^ truth, 
  keep your head down man , do n't get into it , be safe ... 
  99 problems but a coup ai n't one ... * hang on * ... 
  irish ? 
  by which you mean companies who were already incorporated in ireland at the time the loophole was closed , which is quite normal , i would also point out that there were other national tax regimes which could have made changes to their tax code to nullify the loophole , but did n't , i do n't think that supports your particular narrative though ... 
  are they like beats or ? ... 
  the irish are n't `` anglo '' ... 
  which no longer exists , and also made use of the american and dutch tax systems , as well as others ... 
  who needs `` experts '' , * spits * , when you can have mini union jacks and creative fiction written on the side of big red buses ? 
  experts ? 
  we do n't use that word around here ( even though you did n't , i think you * meant * to though ) reported . 
  experts ? 
  are we listening to them now ? 
  i ca n't keep up ... 
  i really do n't think so , considering how heavily the uk relies on selling services into the eu and being a nexus for non-eu countries to sell into the eu . 
  if the uk is not part of the single market ( and , whatever form it takes , membership of the single market entails free movement , which is what the british public appears to have voted against ) then it 's financial service industry , amongst many others , will be hugely damaged , it 's a gordian knot , which is why everyone in british politics of any calibre has headed for the hills to not be the one to cut it . . 
  it pains me to say it , bit i will miss the uk ( and not only because their leaving will screw my country ) :-(, 
  ah , no worries , i think it 's me that 's missed the joke if i 'm honest , it 's just so hard to tell on this sub these days !, 
  i feel that i have let my country down in the bantz stakes , the most important stakes of all ... 
  i 'm not saying that right-wing ( and therefore normally more conservative ) parties have nothing to gain from voter registration laws ( they normally do , older , more settled people are normally more conservative ) , i 'm just saying i do n't think it 's some grand conspiracy ... 
  meh , you have to register to vote in ireland too , pretty sure the conservatives have nothing to do with it ... 
  loyalists ( the extreme version of unionists ) killed more civilians in northern ireland than the ira , and fought an explicitly sectarian war , they were most certainly not meek ... 
  jesus , fair fucks , it goes to show that there 's so many brits out there who are good people ... 
  really ? 
  what 's making you think the reporting of doom and gloom is premature ? 
  this whole thing of waiting 5 + years to see how things pan out while the economy suffers is crazy imo my country just got out of 5 + years of economic disaster and i would n't wish it on my worst enemy , real people 's lives were horribly affected by it , it has real and long-lasting consequences ... 
  oh * right * , it 's a * false flag insurance scam * !!, 
  what will those dirty eastern europeans think of next , the crafty bastards !, 
  i ca n't wait till you get rid of them all and make britain * great * again ... 
  that was kinda my point , yes ;-), 
  yeah , to be fair , there 's plenty of good looking poles ... 
  she 's a pretty cool historical figure though , i actually thought of her myself but did n't think she 'd fit because she did n't rule ireland ... 
  fuuuuuck no , the animated teddy bears around him would be funny though ... 
  plenty of room in roscommon , as long as you 're not gay , and you dislike nice scenery , and people speaking in coherent sentences ... 
  sorry , but that is n't something that is solely ireland 's issue , that is also the issue of us and other eu country 's tax systems which large multinationals take advantage of . 
  the study you are quoting also refers to profits on investment income ... 
  how [ informative !, 
  ] ( http://m.rte.ie/news/business/2014/1124/661969-tax-pwc/ ), 
  yeah , dev would n't be bad ( he 'd probably have to incur an economic penalty though !, 
  ) , he has a fairly iconic look to him as well ... 
  who would you have if we were in it , brian boru ( definite military bonus ) ? 
  michael collins ( spy and espionage bonus ) ? 
  now do it with the * actual * average corporation tax being paid as opposed to the headline figures that no company pays ... 
  come to ireland instead , euro-friend !, 
  * town , there 's not many cities you can rent out for the day ... 
  because , if something like what happened to us in 2008 happens to them they can unpeg it and devalue their currency ...
