  * i see your game * ... 
  they repeatedly blocked irish home rule in the late 19th and early 20th century , and it lead to them being defeated by an armed uprising , you 'd think they 'd have learned their lesson ... 
  ireland 's oil wealth ? 
  one , small , active oilfield hardly qualifies as `` oil wealth '' ... 
  colonialism , not even once ... 
  and ireland , do n't see us complaining ... 
  they did , yes , they were classed as `` volunteers '' , and would have had paramilitary funerals and the like . 
  there 's a considerable body of academic work on the troubles , breaking down casualties on all sides , so i would be confident enough in the figures . 
  loyalist/british actions were along the lines of [ the shankill butchers ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/shankill_butchers ) [ miami showband ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/miami_showband_killings ) [ loughinisland massacre ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/loughinisland_massacre ) [ the mrf ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_reaction_force ) or , worst of all perhaps : [ the dublin and monaghan bombings ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_and_monaghan_bombings ), 
  the figures for loyalists are broken down by civilians and ira members , loyalists we 're fairly incompetent , and stuck mainly to killing random catholics ... 
  dublin and monaghan was the single largest killing of the troubles , and was carried out by loyalists in conjunction with british security forces ... 
  those figures are n't just the ira , british forces/loyalists killed more civilians ... 
  i only recently realised how confusing the terms `` nationalist '' and `` unionist '' could be to foreigners looking in on ni ... 
  and the uvf ... 
  yeah , but we 're above grubby things like money these days , we 'll just take the north , and the isle of mann while we 're at it , with rockall as an amuse bouche ... 
  seems pretty cheap , try improving a car into ireland * from the uk * , vrt , nuff said ... 
  ireland says hello ... 
  ireland actually imprisoned * mcguinness * , you have n't a clue what you 're banging on about ... 
  that 's a good one , we had a different name for ww2 , `` the emergency '' , then we had `` the troubles '' , we should call brexit `` the events '' ... 
  the ira were strengthened by military action , it caused republicans in ni to flock to them , particularly after bloody sunday . 
  what ended the ira was politics ... 
  good man !, 
  tell me that not a thing , please . . how would you even do that ? 
  15 years in the pub trade , i know your pain , but no longer !, 
  just starting !, 
  i would n't call it a minority to be honest , and it has n't fallen on a friday for years , it 's going to be messy ... 
  yeah , the * patty 's * day thing that yanks go on about is like nails on a chalkboard to an irish person ... 
  * british and irish isles , at least for the day that 's in it , make an effort ... 
  circle of trust over here folks ... 
  nah , we 're all going to get demented drunk , that 's just a fact ... 
  just to back the lads here up , and from a completely objective perspective , ireland 's deadly ... 
  * twitches *, 
  shurrup , you 're irish for the day and * you 'll like it * !, 
  we are all irish-american on this blessed day , or as he would say , irish ... 
  honestly , i 'm not trying to be insulting , but ireland has bugger all natural resources , they 've been prospecting for oil off the west coast for decades , and there is n't a single commercial field , it 's just rubbish . 
  nope , gdp per capita does n't work well for ireland ( or the us , or the uk , or many other countries ) , but it 's not a `` brass plate '' economy by any measure . 
  ireland still performs well in adjusted measurements , such as median income , or pp calculations , ireland employed a strategy of attracting investment and jobs over the course of several decades , and it worked , within the structure of the eu . 
  now , if it pans out that ireland was breaking eu regulations with , for example , the apple case , well then fine , we should be punished , but that is far from settled . 
  it 's not like the major eu economies do n't tilt things in their favour , the uk , germany , france , all have far murkier tax regimes than ireland ... 
  where are all these fucking natural resources that have been `` given away '' then , eh ? 
  surely these free fucking natural resources should be flying out of the ground then ? 
  as i said , bollocks , do a bit more research than reading aaa/pbp flyers yourself there chief ... 
  nope , attracting multinationals means * jobs * which very much does affect the average person . 
  ireland performs very well on metrics other than gdp per capita , which i admit is skewed . 
  every other country attracts multinationals , every other country ( such as your own , city of london , multiple island `` dependencies '' which are true tax haven 's , for what it 's worth , gibralter ) tailors their tax rate to attract investment , it 's somewhat baffling to me why ireland gets singled out in this fashion ... 
  bollocks ... 
  the apple ruling is far from done , and apples european tax rate involved several other countries , why would ireland be responsible for collecting taxes earned outside ireland ? 
  i agree that it 's something that needs to be addressed , but at an international , not national level . 
  the apple case is far more convoluted than that as well , as i think you know , in fairness ... 
  does `` everyone '' know it ? 
  where does this knowledge come from ? 
  the oecd does n't think ireland is a tax haven , neither does the eu . 
  it 's not even a defined term , but it 's a handy one to sling at ireland because ireland competes on tax , is the netherlands a tax haven ? 
  or the uk ? 
  or the us ? 
  all those countries compete on tax , on different levels . 
  it 's easy to throw the term around , when it has no meaning ... 
  ireland is not tax free , ireland is not a tax haven . 
  ireland did , however , have to try and attract investment and jobs , it is lacking in natural resources and is geographically isolated , so it did compete on tax rates , that does not make it a tax haven . 
  ireland also emphasised it 's well educated and english speaking population , i do n't see types like you describing ireland as a well educated english speaking haven , funnily enough ... 
  except you would n't have that money to spend without eu membership and the benefits that the eu and the euro bring to germany ... 
  ireland is an example of what eu structural funding is meant to achieve . 
  we were one of the poorest countries in europe when we joined the ec in 1972 , and now we are one of the richest , and will begin to contribute more to assist other country 's development . 
  do n't be confused by the eu balance of payments though , membership of the single market is worth multiples of what any country pays in , even if they got nothing back , particularly for smaller countries ... 
  jesus , sins of the ( grand ) father ... 
  some bombings , plenty of shootings as well ... 
  dear god , that 's so genuinely funny , thanks for the laugh !, 
  it helps to be reminded that people like you exist from time to time ... 
  it is now ... 
  considering that my country won it 's independence from yours through the barrel of a gun , i 'm well versed in the need to meet tyranny with force , thanks . 
  irish freedom was n't won through a feat of civilians arms however , and it was n't citizens weaponry that won it either , for the most part , so unless you 're advocating arming the populace with sams and rpg 's , i fail to see your point , i also fail to see the point of freely available weapons in a modern democracy , crazy , i know ... 
  irish nationalism was a direct reaction to british imperialism , orwell did n't believe that ireland was entitled to nationhood , and for that , he can do one as far as i 'm concerned ... 
  yeah , things would have been * so much better * if they had easier access to firearms ... 
  i 'm irish , he did n't like us , i do n't like him , simple as that really ... 
  sound , thanks !, 
  i mean , we had a literal armed insurgency on our doorstep for 30 years , and still have dissident republican groups who would be delighted with laxer gun laws , you think we should allow guns to be more easily obtained ? 
  my father had two shotguns for game hunting , i used to shoot regularly , he had a gun safe , and a licence approved by the local gardai , and was subject to regular inspection . 
  all absolutely fine in my view , he would have been horrified if they were stolen and used for criminal acts , and we certainly did n't feel like our human rights were being infringed ... 
  paywall, 
  hey everyone , if any of you want to see what the textbook definition of a zealot is , have a quick gander through op 's post history ... zealot ai n't the half of it ... 
  without the `` h '' everything falls apart , everything ... 
  though funnily enough , it 's a right wing touchstone , and i can take or leave orwell as well ... 
  extremely , i 've lived in the states , i 'll take our gun laws thank you very much . . 
  shoot the pain away !, 
  * sobs in swiss german *, 
  tl : dr fuck the crimes of the british empire , and it 's apologists , such as yourself ... 
  northern ireland ... 
  manufactured grievance ... 
  pick one ... 
  well , considering how far ryanair normally land from their posted destination , it * is * a concern , in fairness . . 
  plenty of people in the rest of the world sacrificed a lot to fight the uk 's colonialism and oppression , and many of them fought alone . 
  be grand like ... 
  cop on you eejit ... 
  ireland is not british , technically or otherwise , ironically you thinking it is shows one of the the many reasons irish people dislike the term `` british isles '' , and do n't use it ... 
  we do love a referendum , it 's our national sport at this point , it 'll be a nice warm-up for the shitshow of an abortion referendum we 'll have to have ... 
  it 's always the same with pans , shallow things ... 
  the uk does have a land border , two actually , if you include gibraltar ... 
  ireland being a good little boy i see ... do we get a gold star or something ? 
  you feel my pan for having to order from amazon.co . 
  * uk * * 800 years and they 're still fucking us * !!,
