  do n't worry , we get that too ... 
  well , jaroslaw kaczynski certainly knows how to piss off irish people then ... 
  there * are * german ( or american , i do n't know ) , they 're not famous here , we just know about them , i think one of their songs chatted here in the 90 's ... 
  yup !, 
  fuck you , * you * define civil , prick ... 
  i like how we got away with it , i suppose on account of ireland essentially being half-polish now ... 
  yes , yes we have heard of the kelly family , your country has yet to apologise for them , the world waits ... 
  nah , if it was germany cologne would be doing riverdance , dusseldorf would be doing the shittier copy , feet of flames, 
  unfortunately ... 
  we 'd have nothing to complain about ... 
  i 'd take either of those over fucking riverdance tbh ... 
  it 's about as dysfunctional and argumentative in fairness ... 
  aww !, 
  no captain ireland !!!, 
  1 ) the british public voted for succesive governments that carried out atrocities in ireland , and elsewhere , the current british government wants to quash investigations into the uk 's complicity in the troubles and the specific actions of its agents . 
  these are things that people voted for . 
  in fairness , both blair and cameron apologised for certain actions , cameron 's apology for bloody sunday was fulsome and a credit to the man , and the state , but he did n't run on a platform of doing so . 
  2 ) so it should just be forgotten because both sides were as bad as each other ? 
  actual governments should be held to a higher standard in my view . 
  3 ) they were freed as part of a peace deal that i think we can both agree was for the best , british soldiers and agents never faced any form of justice . 
  4 ) i do n't expect shame , the same way i would n't expect shame from the germans of today , what i do n't expect or appreciate * is pride and ignorance * , that 's my point . 
  5 ) cromwell was a genocidal cunt , i 'm sorry to be so blunt , but his apparent popularity amongst the british people is an indictment of the uk 's education system at the most basic level . 
  6 ) honestly , that 's just whataboutism , the british public takes pride in a system that their ancestors took part in that murdered , oppressed , and impoverished millions of people , that 's abhorrent by any standard , and the same applied to the citizens of any other country responsible for such acts ... 
  when did i vilify the british public ? 
  it 's succesive british governments that deserve vilification , now , the british public voted for those governments , so washing their hands of responsibility seems a tad unjust . 
  so you 're happy to place the british state at the level of terrorists ? 
  that 's your position ? 
  so ira men being imprisoned for their actions = fine , while the agents of the british state go free for theirs ? 
  that 's your position ? 
  believe me , if the uk could have proven adams 's responsibility for terrorism , they would have , and i 'm no fan of his by the way . 
  i see this sentiment a lot from british people on reddit and elsewhere , `` it 's all in the past , let 's just forget about it , shall we ? 
  '' , do n't know why you drag the germans into it , they , at least , acknowledge the wrongs that their country did , the british ? 
  not so much . 
  a majority of british people believe that the empire was a good thing , for example , and voted cromwell as one of their greatest ever leaders . 
  there is a singular lack of awareness from british people of the past , and current , actions of their country , quite unparalleled in my view , it 's something that fed into brexit i think , that rose-tinted view of their country 's past . 
  it might make you feel uncomfortable , but i think the more british people who know the crimes that their country committed , the better off they 'd be , but that 's just my view ... 
  if the facts vilify , then so be it . 
  i see this conflation of a terrorist organization with the government of the uk a lot on reddit , seemingly happy to put them at the same level as what they describe as terrorists , if that was my country i would be disgusted . 
  many ira men were imprisoned for their actions during the troubles , not so much with british soldiers and agents of the british state , that 's where the equivalence ends it seems . 
  brexit has shown that `` ireland '' , as in the country or ni , is n't a big deal to brits , that will have its own set of easily foreseen consequences ... 
  they have started a campaign for justice , one that is constantly thwarted by the british government ... 
  i think it 's very relevant to this sub , there 's a lot of british posters on here , and quite a few seem utterly oblivious to the actions of their government , or willing to ignore them , hopefully posts like this inform them ... 
  dunno if his family has `` moved on '' , pretty sure they have n't actually . 
  not sure you can move on past something like this until some for of justice has been served , the state murdering its citizens is n't something to be pooh-poohed , or ignored in my view ... 
  it 's relevant to the man 's family , it 's also relevant to the rule of law in the uk . 
  it 's very relevant that a country that is at the forefront of the `` war on terrorism '' was itself , responsible for state sponsored terrorism , and to this day , refuses to cooperate in any investigation of that terrorism . 
  i do n't get this brushing off as just `` the troubles '' , this was the british state , not a `` terrorist organisation '' , murdering one of its own citizens , a human rights lawyer , in cold blood , how do you not find that alarming ? 
  how is this propaganda if you do n't mind me asking , pretty sure any country found to be responsible for murdering human rights lawyers should be held accountable . 
  the man was sitting down for sunday dinner with his family when agents of the british state sledgehammered his door in , shot him , then put a dozen bullets into his head in front of his screaming children who were hiding under the table ... 
  just a bit cowardly to call others pathetic from the safety of anonymity ... 
  most likely a case of flinging stones from glasshouses , and not worth continuing the conversation ... 
  what country are you from , that can judge how `` pathetic '' others are ? 
  i have no idea what you mean by that , but i have a sneaking suspicion that you 're not too au fait with ireland 's history , rich or otherwise ... 
  you find it odd that irish people want no association with the term `` british '' ? 
  i 'm guessing you 're not into history , or current affairs for that matter ... 
  i was n't joking about norway , check the results of group e. . . 
  i do n't think calling it the dublin sea would be fair to be honest ... 
  * bows * edit : as smooth as a welshman chatting up his cousin ... 
  hard to catch things with so few fingers ... 
  yeah , i would n't swim in the fucking thing if you paid me , no wonder so many welsh people have webbed feet , though that could be for other reasons ... 
  yet here we are , without it , and we survive !, 
  amazing , is n't it ? 
  sounds nice actually !, 
  of course , the dubs 'll just rename it the manky sea , which , in fairness , it is ... 
  fire away , it 's the brits who named it that in the first place , we could n't give a shite ... 
  british and irish isles , if you must , we do n't have a name to group sardinia and corsica and we seem to manage ok ... 
  i prefer jackeens myself , thought that 's more of a dub thing ... 
  well , we 've being doing it to everybody else for centuries , about time we got a taste of our own medicine ... 
  iarscr\u00edbhinn i think ... has a ring to it actually ... 
  i agree , it 's just a bit more nuanced for that , iirc correctly the lisbon treaty calls for `` assistance '' , whatever that means ... 
  no bother , could happen to a bishop !, 
  i mean , we had specific wording written into the lisbon treaty to that effect . 
  i do n't agree with ireland 's lack of commitment to eu defence ( defence only though , no excursions to mali or the middle east , thank you very much ) , but most of my countrymen feel differently ... 
  * guerilla , just fyi ... 
  the long game , i like it , particularly the anschluss part , love a good anschluss i do ... 
  ireland is n't neutral , it 's non-aligned , and by dint of government policy , nothing else ... 
  how long do you have ? 
  hahahahahahahaha ... . . - ireland, 
  honestly , it 's been this way for a good while . 
  we have the same problem of successive governments ignoring the rest of the country ... 
  yes . 
  but as the other commenter said , costs are way too high , mainly in dublin , where most of the jobs are ... 
  my german is heavily swiss-accented , always earns me some very odd looks when i visit germany ... 
  for the craic ... also , quite funny that in map showing separatist regions , we 're the only country that * gained * territory ... 
  you have no idea how much i enjoy the thought of you frothing at mouth , filled with your impotent nationalist rage , i 'm laughing my ass off here and passing around your replies for other people to appreciate , keep em ' coming , you 're endlessly entertaining !, 
  the fact is , you 're a deluded , nationalist , gobshite ... 
  you realise that you 're talking to the same person and responding to multiple comments , right ? 
  i would n't be banging on about response if i was you !, 
  yikes , there 's pathetic , and then there 's you , feverishly slapping away on your keyboard and leaping to murica 's defense , bless ... 
  i always pictured you furiously masturbating into the american flag while saluting a picture of donald trump , am i in the ballpark seppo ? 
  r/shitamericanssay 's favourite copy and paster !!!, 
  i 'm honoured , sorry i ca n't get into it with you , i 'm out for pints with the lads , having a laugh ... you would n't understand , bless you ... 
  fantastic piece , really shows the indecisiveness that crippled the uk 's involvement in europe ... 
  looks like chocolate milk , yazoo is the business ... 
  yer man who cured leprosy had to have been doing some external studies ... 
  that 's not exactly great praise for a lady , `` iron '' or otherwise ... 
  because margaret thatcher was a cunt ? 
  what better reason could one possibly need ? 
  it also showed up in r/ireland and i thought r/europe would be interested in how much of of a cunt she was ... 
  so cunt , she was a cunt , i 'm sticking with my `` margaret thatcher was a cunt '' response , final answer ...
