it 's not good if you name it the ` naughtiest ' you 've done ( and i doubt she was lying ) . 
  well , maybe they should change the boy who cried wolf story to the boy who cried racist . 
  are most of the lights near/on norway 's coast oil rigs ? 
  cameron stuck his dick in a pigs head and theresa may ran through wheat fields ( probably while riding a pig ) . 
  and it 's even more reason to see norway as a sperm cell . 
  i guess that 's another cultural characteristic the us got from us . 
  do n't they have similar towers in singapore ? 
  it 's easy to confuse its flag with moldova 's, 
  send them all to germany like 2 years ago . 
  that 's the only way things will change . 
  corruption and badly drawn borders ( in many cases ) do n't help either . 
  pockets of sub-saharan africa are improving though , at least . 
  but the sun turns brits into aussies . 
  and it gives you cancer . 
  better than having politicians in their place . 
  the eu map is of geographical regions not cultural regions . 
  sounds sensible . 
  i have no idea why our dumb government is opposed to a sea border but not a customs border . 
  you could make doggerland great again . 
  would that involve draining the sea up to and including venice ? 
  i 've seen some areas reach the mid 30s and low 40s , which is too for for me at least . 
  rain and mountains/hills ( east coast is flat and relatively dry ) . 
  france . 
  it has the right amount of land for its population size ( and ours ) . 
  the only downside would be the hot summer months in a lot of areas . 
  france . 
  it has the right amount of land for its population size ( and ours ) . 
  the only downside would be the hot summer months in a lot of areas . 
  france . 
  it has the right amount of land for a population its size ( and our size ) . 
  tony blair ( in his starting years ) but french . 
  it would n't look as empty if you made all of the light coloured dots orange ( or darker ) . 
  there is n't one . 
  top twenty would be a better measure . 
  the midlands is pretty much an extended area of the north , generally ( and i say that as someone who 's lived in a number of areas in england ) . 
  you could even throw scotland ( even though it 's richer ) in with the north , generally . 
  given the number of not so nice places in the uk , i do appreciate the beautiful places . 
   what do you think of american history short  what do you think is the history capital of america boston or new orleans . 
  either us or the russians . 
  and coming second again ( after the us , obviously ) on their home turf would be a bonus . 
  most muslim women here are from south asia and i 've never seen a muslim women with a non-muslim man ( i might have seen ex-muslim women with non-muslim men without knowing though ) . 
  i 've also seen male muslim converts with muslim women here , which suggests that the arranged marriage culture is beginning to weaken at least . 
  we are cunts when drunk ( although alcohol consumption has been going down , apparently ) . 
  we moan a lot about small problems and either do n't talk about big problems or understate them . 
  we call mates cunt and cunts mate ( although mate can apply to most people , tbh ) . 
  i think most stable era of european history ( including the modern post war era , unless it continues to 2245 ) would be more accurate . 
  always nothing . 
  it did get quite hot a while ago though . 
   you kinda lost me there talking about groundwater and border changes . 
  you mean europe or africa ? 
  africa . 
  and understand and agree with your argument to a certain extent , but i do n't believe our government is competent enough to manage our growing population density . 
  i 'm not against higher populations per-se . 
  many people are creating horror stories about the booming population in sub-saharan africa for example , even though it is the only region of the world that either has n't or is just beginning to industrialise ( and booming populations are part of the process ) . 
  it is also destined to be the main source of population growth in the coming years for that reason ( most other places are expected to peak or drop in comparison ) . 
  however , people forget the vast flat space , and ground water reserves the continent has which would give its countries the opportunity to grow ( although there would need to be a number of border changes ) . 
  england on the other hand is already dense , so growth needs to be limited and if growth is going to continue , there needs to be less reliance on cars and we should be building up instead of outwards . 
  england has a higher population density that the netherlands for one thing . 
  and it is more than gut feeling . 
  you just have to look at the crises with the nhs , school places , housing , etc and look at the country at the country at night from space . 
  the country does n't and should n't end up becoming a city state . 
  and as a scot , you should be welcoming the idea of england 's population peaking or reducing , seeing as the more england 's population grows compared to the other countries in the uk , the less they will be taken into consideration . 
  no , i think the opposite should be the case , at least for england ( the other countries in the uk should be left alone ) . 
  people in england who have more than two children should be taxed until they reach adult age , imo . 
  the population of england ( not so much uk ) should have reached its peak ages ago and should be dropping like japan 's . 
  the current population growth is n't sustainable . 
  no , i think the opposite should be the case , at least for england ( the other countries in the uk should be left alone ) . 
  people in england who have more than two children should be taxed until they reach adult age , imo . 
  after looking it up , i missed the difference between a nation and sovereign nation . 
  international law is n't a strong point of mine . 
  technically , scotland and england are administrative states ( england especially ) even if they 're labeled as countries . 
  that 's not to say their cultures or local governments are irrelevant ( or the culture or local government of any other `` administrative state '' ) . 
  nations have a un seat and presumably if the eu were to unite , only it would have a un seat . 
  i think you 'd have an easier time living the life of skyrim in alaska . 
  you wo n't need to go through the visa process and other bureaucratic procedures of moving country and you 'd have more opportunity to live that sort of life in alaska given how vast and empty the state is . 
  there are also other people that live like that there already ( if ` alaska : the last frontier ' is anything to go by ) . 
  i think you 'd have an easier time living the life of skyrim in alaska . 
  you wo n't need to go through the visa process and other bureaucratic procedures of moving country and you 'd have more opportunity to live that sort of life in alaska given how vast and empty the state is . 
  and there 'd be more opportunity to live ` primitively ' in alaska , given how vast and empty it is , even by american standards . 
  well , it would n't be very british of me if i made sarcasm too obvious . 
  i normally would n't use it , but there 's too many people that hold that view , so i figured it was needed . 
  did you not see the / s ? 
  the passport of el salvador has to be the funniest . 
  not ours , it was cooler when it was blue ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  could you be more specific about the places/areas of spain , france , italy , germany , scandinavia , and the uk that you 've visited ? 
  there are huge regional differences in spain , italy , and germany , for example , to the extent that you could make different countries out of them . 
  anyway , based on your op , you should make a trip to the balkans next . 
  could you be more specific about the places/areas of spain , france , italy , germany , scandinavia , and the uk that you 've visited ? 
  even though freedom and democracy in africa is n't perfect by a long stretch , there are patches that are improving/not as bad as perceived . 
  places like ghana , senegal , botswana , namibia , gabon , zambia , etc are improving , sierra leone is now at peace , the longtime leader of gambia is gone ( despite not dying of old age ) , south africa 's zuma is close to being impeached . 
  i think in another 10 years once africa 's ` elite ' have mostly died of old age , there will be quicker progress . 
  the key thing that many african countries will need to do is redraw/merge their colonial borders to match cultural areas so that population growth has space . 
  i think [ this population density map ] ( http://luminocity3d.org/worldpopden/#3/11.01/25.66 ) shows how fucked sub-saharan africa 's borders are . 
  sounds like trains in the uk , for the most part . 
  she ca n't ( afaik ) unfortunately . 
  i think it 's because the original migrants arrived here as poorly educated peasants of an underdeveloped country to work in the factories/mills that existed before they shut down . 
  the stories germans and dutch people tell about turks in their countries sound pretty similar , although the pakistani community here strongly identifies as british , which is a key difference between british pakistanis and german/dutch turks . 
  you do n't have many pickup trucks here . 
  vans are typically used for large/heavy transport . 
  does it affect younger people ?
