   tell me how important it is in your country for someone 's integration when it comes to : language very . 
  i do n't understand why ( a limited number of ) people come here when they do n't have a decent grasp of english . 
  especially considering the fact that it 's meant to be the lingua franca . 
  accent is n't important , but you 'll be considered foreign if you do n't have a british accent . 
   employment very . 
  does n't matter what though . 
   values i think general western values are appropriate . 
   religion should be private . 
   spending past time past time is n't that important , but a bit of general knowledge about british music , movies , science , etc would be welcomed . 
   do you have any stories about foreigners who integrated successfully ? 
  i think most succeed in integrating . 
  people who were born here to immigrant parents are normally and should be indistinguishable from those who did n't , before getting to know them better . 
   how about those who did not ? 
  there are notable pakistani communities that still have n't integrated fully ( due to having arranged marriages , not treating women equally , etc ) despite being here for 40 + years . 
  i would n't lump the us with those countries , because of the reasons you listed , but it 's still part of the anglosphere . 
  humour and sarcasm are appropriate in any situation . 
  i do n't know , there is talk about the party getting her out by the end of the year . 
  i do know that the only tory that has a chance of being a positive , uniting figure and who 'd be able to take on corbyn is ruth davidson . 
  i 'd even go as far to say that she 's ideal leadership material , much like obama . 
  you could ask the same question about somaliland ( i.e the stable and relatively prosperous part of somalia ) . 
  i think it 's a posh way of saying cheers . 
  my mum says it ironically sometimes . 
  i would prefer penis to be said instead tbh ( at least on informal occasions ) . 
  it would get everyone in a good mood at least . 
  cheers . 
  although people say `` chin-chin '' too sometimes . 
  cheers is also a quick way of saying thank you . 
  the 2015 refugee crisis , arguably because it was swung the country to favour brexit . 
  trump has n't had much of an impact here at all . 
  october - february has horizontal rain and if you work it will be dark when you leave and dark when you return ( and winter can get dark at 3 if the weather 's bad , which it probably will be ) . 
  i think the deep south accent is best ( not the nasally one where every syllable is pronounced ) , the worst is the nasally southern accent where every syllable is pronounced . 
  i 'm not that keen on the californian accent if the speaker does n't have a deep voice either . 
  folks in the uae , qatar , etc are minorities in their own countries ( even though they call all the shots ) . 
  probably the [ 2011 riots ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_england_riots ) which started because of a police shooting and escalated because of opportunism . 
  it 's interesting to see that developing/recently developed countries are at the top and countries that have been developed for a long time are at the bottom . 
  technically correct , i guess , but it 's more of a peninsula with multiple peninsulas . 
   however when i use americanism the brits turn on me so quick and usually are like `` miriam you 've lived here for 30 years '' it 's because english has already been fiddled with too many times by foreigners . 
  it would probably have phonetic spelling otherwise . 
  it would be nice if it becomes proper in the future , given the fact that it is an easier way to express yourself . 
  same with `` i 'm stood here '' . 
  saying `` them ones '' instead of `` those ones '' , `` i were '' , `` you/they was '' , `` i 'm sat here '' instead of `` i 'm sitting here '' or `` i was sitting here '' , etc. 
  i think `` ai n't '' used to be considered grammatically incorrect , but it 's largely accepted in informal speech now . 
  it may be a powerhouse of europe that would be in the same ranks as germany and france . 
  but saying that , the world at large would be unrecognisable now if wwii never happened . 
  it 's the yorkshire of america , but with more guns , hot weather , religion , and land . 
  the scotland of america could work too , but i do n't think they 'd like being called a state . 
  cool , humid air . 
  it 's similar in rural areas of britain . 
  the same humidity that makes you feel like you 're in a rainforest when it hits 25 degrees ... 
  most of the public toilets that you do n't pay for are n't that clean . 
  small and mountainous . 
  achari chicken is normally my go to choice . 
  nope . 
  although i 'm surprised you do n't have decent curry in ireland . 
  the weather and greenery , generally , and decent curry . 
  access through family ties is made difficult to crack down on arranged and/or forced marriages . 
  i do n't care about who comes in , provided they are competent at english and are willing to work and integrate , but i think the current immigration numbers are unsustainable . 
  it does n't help that they mostly go to london either . 
  maybe , but i think india is a better comparison , since han chinese culture is proportionally very dominant ( a dominance that does n't really exist in india ) and the cultural revolution did n't do it many favours . 
  india is arguably the only place in the world with the historical/cultural diversity ( which still exists ) that matches the eu . 
  my faith in politicians has been dwindling since 2015 ( or even 2014 ) , to the point that i would probably welcome a our political class being purged eventually . 
  my faith in juncker et al. 
  is n't any more positive . 
  this is a bit of a generalisation , but rural areas are typically where farmers , old people , and posh people live , while urban areas are where poor people , immigrants , young people , and the neoliberal elite live ( although they might have second or third homes in rural areas ) . 
  some villages have shops , schools , and doctors surguries , although others are simply hamlets/a collection of houses . 
  many villages have a pub ( or more ) and found on bus routes . 
  everywhere has water and electricity though , although the internet and phone reception in rural areas is n't normally that great . 
  afaik there 's still distrust between protestants and catholics in northern ireland , if that counts . 
  it 's specifically a ni thing though . 
  people from the republic seem to be on good terms with brits , generally , even if they 're passionate about their sovereignty ( which is reasonable and understandable ) . 
  give it another couple of years . 
  i think [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7sx4k0jridm ) works . 
  or [ this ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wosyykqvghy ), 
  new zealand is the only other country i 'd be interested in living in ( preferably the north island over the south island ) . 
  i 'd rather see him forced onto the ` i 'm a celebrity get me out of here ' show ( that he 'd have to stay on until the first vote off , at least ) than ask him a question , which he 'd probably scoff at or give an insincere answer to , regardless of what it was . 
  hate for muslims is nowhere near comparable to the hate for gypsies , nor should it be . 
  islam and people from mena will recover their reputation once the saudi-funded salafi/wahhabi cult becomes less influential ( although the opposite seems to be happening , unfortunately ) . 
  it may have reached -20 in 2010 . 
  inverness or anywhere else in the uk that fits the criteria of having every convenience , being on the coast , not being flat , and being isolated/close to the middle of nowhere . 
  being cheap is a bonus too . 
  i liked scarborough when i lived there ( even though it might not be the kind of place that appeals to everyone ) for those reasons also . 
  is there much difference between sourcream & onion and red onion & sourcream ? 
  i think london ( even though i do n't live there ) has more in common with new york or singapore ( minus the climate and crazy laws ) than it does with the rest of the uk . 
  they all share the mentality of pursuing money at all costs ( pun intended ) . 
  most other cities in the uk do n't have this divide with the rest of the country . 
   geordies : wear barely any clothes on a night out even if it 's -20 outside . 
  even though i think his policies are unworkable , i respect him for maintaining his views for decades , rather than flip-flopping or tailoring them to agree with popular public or media opinion , as most politicians do . 
  i think it has been more of a contributor than the us politically and in terms of foreign investment . 
  china does n't seem that bothered about getting involved in other countries ' political/territorial affairs outside of the areas bordering or near to it . 
  environmentally they have been a liability , but they are starting to make improvements at least . 
  quite positively . 
  they tend to be pretty well integrated/assimilated and are apparently the second most affluent demographic after white british people ( although i 'd wager that wealth inequality is lower amongst indians/british indians ) . 
  they also do n't seem to hold any bitterness about our unethical history in india , which is another positive . 
  i do n't have any strong feelings one way or another . 
  they definitely do n't warrant or receive bad press . 
  i have n't come across them . 
  elderberries are pretty common though . 
  i 've only come across them once . 
  wild blackberries/brambles , and wild raspberries ( to a much lesser extent ) seem to be more common . 
  best to go for a sunday roast or a meat pie at an old looking pub ( bonus points if it 's rural ) and have a pint of cask ale or apple cider ( do n't go for the other fruity ciders , they 're too sweet ) if you want a traditional/stereotypical meal in england .
