  i like to see some evidence behind my news stories . 
  i quite like the red and white . 
  what happened to it ? 
  should they be more like singapore ? 
  not really ... 
  is it weird that the vertical axis is opposite to most representations of the political spectrum ? 
  it 's throwing me off a bit . 
  salt water is more plentiful than fresh water , and adding salt is easier than removing it . 
  i think it 's also less affected by ambient temperature and humidity . 
  in saying that , it does n't really matter because fahrenheit is just an inconvenience at this point . 
  you mean ~ ~ syria ~ ~ cuba, 
  he 's saying recent waves of african immigrants have colonised dalton . 
  i started watching marseilles on netflix . 
  they just need to get more french content on it . 
  we just pronounce it exactly the same as `` island '' . 
  do you think people need reminding ? 
  do you think leaving it there is promoting the idea of government mass murder ? 
  then leave it alone . 
  it can be a reminder that good things can come from bad things and vice versa . 
  the world is not a simple place . 
  the embarrassing but lovable grandfather of the entire commonwealth . 
  a well deserved rest , indeed . 
  it 's not considered offensive in australia . 
  but then again , we 're not the most sensitive bunch . 
  you want to burn history books too ? 
  goodness is not necessarily a component of greatness . 
  there 's also the fact that , like nazi germany , there is a lesson learned about what not to do from cromwell . 
  oh , i see what 's happened here . 
  i was being lazy and i was actually responding to this :  pence is virtually unelectable and i 'm not saying that because he 's horrible but because the opposing candidate would have to be historically awful for him to even have a shot , think the worst candidate the democrats had since buchanan ( aka . 
  the worst president of all time ) or so ( or if they resurect hitler ) so i meant `` if the democrats put * hillary * clinton forward again , pence would win '' . 
  my bad . 
  really ? 
  wow . 
  under what law ? 
  easier , but far from easy . 
  those reforms are a requirement to join in the first place , for the simple fact that the only way to guarantee they take place is that they take place before accession . 
  it would be incredibly destructive if they do n't make thirst changes beforehand . 
  simple . 
  the corrupt leaders just need to voluntarily hand power over to a bunch of institutions that will then either limit their influence or remove them from power . 
  there 's some circular logic in your reasoning . 
   one could entertain the thought that the offspring of cousins having sex is a victim in their own right . 
  they would face social stigmatism in the best case , while in the worst case be severely handicapped and unable to procreate . 
  sterile offspring is a problem that solves itself , so long as it 's not too widespread . 
  i understand the argument , but would you be willing to apply the term `` victim '' to any genetically handicapped individual , making all parents perpetrators ? 
  that seems a bit extreme . 
  the only reason they `` rejoined '' is because they were militarily defeated . 
  their conquerors enforced their rules on them . 
  there would parallels if russia were to be militarily defeated , but that wo n't be happening . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cousin_marriage#biological_aspects  repeated consanguineous marriages within a group are more problematic . 
  after repeated generations of cousin marriage the actual genetic relationship between two people is closer than the most immediate relationship would suggest . 
  in pakistan , where there has been cousin marriage for generations and the current rate may exceed 50 % , one study estimated infant mortality at 12.7 percent for married double first cousins , 7.9 percent for first cousins , 9.2 percent for first cousins once removed/double second cousins , 6.9 percent for second cousins , and 5.1 percent among nonconsanguineous progeny . 
  among double first cousin progeny , 41.2 percent of prereproductive deaths were associated with the expression of detrimental recessive genes , with equivalent values of 26.0 , 14.9 , and 8.1 percent for first cousins , first cousins once removed/double second cousins , and second cousins respectively . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cousin_marriage#biological_aspects  repeated consanguineous marriages within a group are more problematic . 
  after repeated generations of cousin marriage the actual genetic relationship between two people is closer than the most immediate relationship would suggest . 
  in pakistan , where there has been cousin marriage for generations and the current rate may exceed 50 % , one study estimated infant mortality at 12.7 percent for married double first cousins , 7.9 percent for first cousins , 9.2 percent for first cousins once removed/double second cousins , 6.9 percent for second cousins , and 5.1 percent among nonconsanguineous progeny . 
  among double first cousin progeny , 41.2 percent of prereproductive deaths were associated with the expression of detrimental recessive genes , with equivalent values of 26.0 , 14.9 , and 8.1 percent for first cousins , first cousins once removed/double second cousins , and second cousins respectively . 
  yeah , but then life sucks for you anyway . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cousin_marriage#biological_aspects  repeated consanguineous marriages within a group are more problematic . 
  after repeated generations of cousin marriage the actual genetic relationship between two people is closer than the most immediate relationship would suggest . 
  in pakistan , where there has been cousin marriage for generations and the current rate may exceed 50 % , one study estimated infant mortality at 12.7 percent for married double first cousins , 7.9 percent for first cousins , 9.2 percent for first cousins once removed/double second cousins , 6.9 percent for second cousins , and 5.1 percent among nonconsanguineous progeny . 
  among double first cousin progeny , 41.2 percent of prereproductive deaths were associated with the expression of detrimental recessive genes , with equivalent values of 26.0 , 14.9 , and 8.1 percent for first cousins , first cousins once removed/double second cousins , and second cousins respectively . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cousin_marriage#biological_aspects  repeated consanguineous marriages within a group are more problematic . 
  after repeated generations of cousin marriage the actual genetic relationship between two people is closer than the most immediate relationship would suggest . 
  in pakistan , where there has been cousin marriage for generations and the current rate may exceed 50 % , one study estimated infant mortality at 12.7 percent for married double first cousins , 7.9 percent for first cousins , 9.2 percent for first cousins once removed/double second cousins , 6.9 percent for second cousins , and 5.1 percent among nonconsanguineous progeny . 
  among double first cousin progeny , 41.2 percent of prereproductive deaths were associated with the expression of detrimental recessive genes , with equivalent values of 26.0 , 14.9 , and 8.1 percent for first cousins , first cousins once removed/double second cousins , and second cousins respectively . 
   at the very least , can we agree that having offspring with your first cousin is not socially acceptable ? 
  we choose what is socially acceptable . 
  i do n't think i 'd have problem with it if it can be shown it does n't harm anyone . 
  or if they 're ugly and/or fat and/or stupid and/or nasty . 
  if the democrats put clinton forward again , he 'll win . 
  same . 
  he seems like a decent guy . 
  it seems like you have to balance the overkill with equal amounts underkill ... 
  to the ** anglo-terran confederation ** of course !, 
  as someone with red-green colorblindness , this choice of colours is shithouse . 
  makes me think of [ `` croconaw '' ] ( http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/pokemon/images/6/69/officer_jenny_croconaw.png/revision/latest?cb=20151013061505 ), 
  please try . 
  of course they do . 
  you think they 're going to let their former colonisers dictate to them how to speak ? 
  it 's called hinglish ( hindi english ) . 
  i can read it . 
  close ennuff . 
  c is redundant anyway , and digraphs shit me . 
  can we make x = sh like chinglish too ? 
  are you sure `` cared '' is the right word ? 
  `` invested '' is probably closer . 
  i think `` classically '' imperialism was about access to resources , whether through military , economic or cultural means , like rome . 
  `` colonialism '' was more about establishing a presence in far away territory . 
  obviously the key to success in both cases is assimilation , which requires the imposition of values . 
  otherwise , as soon as you leave , it will simply revert to how it was . 
  i personally agree with you and think `` boots on the ground '' is the way forward in the short and long term , but i believe that it will be a ( light ) form of imperialism , and many people wo n't be okay with that . 
  there would have to be a mechanism to cater for differences in population e.g. 
  digressive proportionality like the eu , a rotational or directorial leadership , and a decentralised bureaucracy . 
  personally i 'd fear it would be far too easy for australia and new zealand to become essentially `` flyover states '' . 
  because of the flag , i ca n't tell if this is sarcasm or not . 
  fan + damp cloth . 
  sounds awful . 
  we 're in single digit temperatures at night here now in winter and i hate it . 
  it 's something to do with it being more difficult to relax your speech muscles than using them more . 
  american accents require far more facial activation .
