  australian doctors are very much on board with prescribing the pill though . 
  particularly to underage girls , because they know the trouble it will save . 
  to be fair , macron 's missus is doing pretty well for her age . 
  it would be interesting to see how the others interacted with melania ... 
  that 's called an `` anecdote '' , and although it 's better than no information , it 's not enough to draw any conclusions about `` culture '' . 
  international cities are like that though . 
  los angeles , sydney , new york , paris . 
  it is a sign of success , that non-natives want to live there . 
  however , i do n't think it 's the cause of the success , but i do n't think it 's a detriment either . 
  why not emily blunt ? 
  you can take ours . 
  we 'll swap for some more greeks . 
  you guys are funny fuckers . 
  hes both . 
  started in australia , went to us to fry even bigger fish . 
  there should be more people marching then . 
  i 'm actually surprised the uk is so high . 
  does the irish language not have rights in ireland ? 
  i feel it 's mostly due to the proportional representation system . 
  you ca n't really `` defeat '' your opposition , so the swings are much more subtle . 
  this makes negative ( smear ) campaigning a much less viable tactic . 
   rupert murdoch doing australia proud . 
  by which i mean , `` fuck that guy '' . 
  '' - with a rake '' . 
  it 's sad to see old languages dying out , but it 's also awesome to see they have each influenced the standard italian to some degree . 
  hopefully , more language integration will enlarge the lexicon and add more nuance to standard italian . 
  looks like brazil . 
  i thinks it 's still very pretty , and there is obviously a lot more coast that * is n't * highrise . 
  look , they mostly have legitimate reasons to protest . 
  i just do n't think they should hijack or piggyback off every single street march , because it can overshadow the original protest . 
  lgbtqiwtfbbq need to get in on every street march . 
  it 's like being a vegan , you need to tell everyone , at every opportunity , that you believe in non-cis rights . 
  he offered to answer questions if the swedish police came to him , and they denied . 
  that 's if my memory serves , it 's been a long time . 
  surprisingly absent from belarus , too :o, 
  well we are only dumb animals  . 
  we do our best to rise above , but we make many mistakes on the way up . 
  how do you not understand how progressive tax works ? 
  literally every oecd country uses it . 
  have you ever submitted a tax return ? 
  can someone please explain what germany is supposed to pay for ? 
  ( whether fictitious or not ), 
  because ireland is half the population of new york city , and smaller than maine . 
  there are 2 flaws in the `` pendulum '' justification . 
  1 ) that people can be held responsible for the actions of others , purely because they benefit from it , despite having no control , taking no part , and independent of their attitude towards it . 
  2 ) that two wrongs make a right . 
  this is n't the thinking of someone who values freedom from persecution . 
  this is the thinking of some who wants retribution for persecution , and is n't particularly bothered whether or not the target is actually the culprit . 
  i like that you got in first with that . 
  poland is now truly western . 
  probably because it 's not really relevant ... 
  yeah sure . 
  i 'm down with that . 
  it 's how we do hottest 100, 
  there will never be universal agreement . 
  personally i think that should send noelsy for the lols but i ca n't really think of * anyone * who could ever represent australia as a whole . 
  they 'd need to be an aboriginal , british , mediterranean , german , chinese , vietnamese , pacific islander , singing electronic-country-rock-pop-rap , which i 'd predict would be crap . 
  yes it 's african , and far superior to jerky . 
  lust4cats is south african ( saffa ) , thus my comment . 
  well they are the `` special broadcasting service '' , it 's literally their mission statement to focus on the fringe , and specifically to cater to ethnic minorities . 
  they do eurovision because `` continental european '' is considered an ethnic minority . 
  that perspective is obviously going to show in their selection process , too . 
  song was on par for eurovision . 
  it 's the performance that was terrible . 
  [ they would have been wearing eu flag budgie smugglers and doing shoeys ] ( http://cdn.newsapi.com.au/image/v1/fab6890997983cfce694e2a650bc2f54?width=650 ), 
  this one makes me want to party so hard . 
  that 's why all you bastards end up here . 
  which i 'm fine with as long as you bring delicious biltong . 
  lgbt is like the veganism of politics . 
  what does `` tough stance '' mean in this context ? 
  what makes you say that ? 
  i think those people need to take some responsibility for not educating themselves . 
  information was never hard to find , they just never bothered to question ( or think critically ) . 
  the ( admittedly right wing ) media was the one who painted the picture , and there was nowhere near enough effort made to challenge it from either side of the establishment . 
  part of the problem is the mud-flinging so inherent in the dna of the westminster system is the best way to produce electoral results . 
  the uk is conservative by nature , and i do n't think it will change any time soon . 
  and until it does , it will just keep going the way it is , until it either changes or goes the way of the dodo . 
   the only thing that 's going to happen is the uk becoming a poorer version of the us only the bottom 70 % ... 
  the top could end up richer , although without the eu , it will be interesting to see how . 
  it 's just more of the same , except that now the uk is n't part of an enormous trade bloc . 
  time will tell . 
  like , i said , those are some big goals , and * personally * i think they should have stretched them over two election cycles . 
  re-nationalisation is an enormous task , and the campaign could almost focus on that alone . 
  i think `` too much , too soon '' could frighten away potential voters . 
  just my opinion as a centrist . 
  clearly racism ... / s, 
   depending on how labour manage this could be super popular . 
  it 's not focused enough , by which i mean it looks to do too much . 
  it 's almost like a minor conservative party 's appeal to `` wind back the clock '' . 
  not something you would expect from a party campaigning for government . 
  penne-europa ? 
  the [ monroe doctrine ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monroe_doctrine ) goes both ways . 
  can we join ? 
  50 % of youtube videos now have `` destroy ( s ) / ( ed ) '' in the title . 
  it 's beyond a joke . 
  what is plazma ? 
   knowledge of the programme what is meant by this ? 
  strangely enough , i think russia . 
  * slow clap *, 
  is n't that good ?
