  it made me realise we have the emphasis in the wrong place in english . 
  `` on-trop-e-newers '' does seem to flow a bit better . 
  it 's a bit of psycho vibe when his eyes go wide , hey . 
  as a kid , that was the sound we made to imitate clocks . 
  trilled rs though , shit 's fucked . 
  i 've always found the german use of `` ze '' for `` the '' strange . 
  i mean , is n't `` de '' ( and variations ) literally the same thing in german ? 
  why would they change it to something else incorrect ? 
  if you 're going to be wrong at least be efficient about it . 
  in school playgrounds , sure . 
  most people grow out of it by the time they have adult teeth . 
  although many more will still pronounce `` three '' as `` free '' , because they are fucking stupid . 
  maybe i 've just seen too many american movies using `` imitation '' french actors from quebec . 
  me too . 
  specifically the voiced and unvoiced pairs , probably because australian aboriginal languages make no distinction between them . 
  b/p , d/t , g/k , j/sh , z/s and th/th, 
  the tongue and teeth position can be the same . 
  with `` teeth '' , you 're actually making the sound using the friction of the air between your teeth and tongue . 
  you do n't need a voice box to make this sound . 
  with `` that '' , you 're doing that to a lesser degree , while simultaneously using your voicebox . 
  this may help . 
  or londoners have a slight french accent ( 1066 ), 
  small children do that all the time . 
  how many children do you hear run around saying `` free '' for `` three '' ? 
  i always thought it was a `` d '' for `` th '' . 
  that 's fair enough . 
  it 's probably the best you can do if you prioritise direct democracy . 
  can initiatives introduce legislation or only constitutional amendments ? 
   the ominous example would be the minaret ban . 
  i 'm not sure how anyone could argue that the minaret ban is not in stark contradiction with the freedom of religion article , yet it 's in there now . 
  so i 'm guessing legal experts in the country noticed this before the vote ? 
  did anyone offer any solution to resolve the obvious incompatibility ? 
  even as a suggestion ? 
  nah , you 're basically a classically liberal version of the uk on steroids . 
  if the american continent did n't exist , and instead 250 years ago , the uk magically moved 4000 miles west and grew 50 times the size , the usa is almost exactly what anyone would predict would happen . 
  you mean the [ primary chronicle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/primary_chronicle ) ? 
  tons of `` yugoslavs '' in australia too . 
  most of our soccer teams and about 50 % of our blonde women . 
   the english integrated there was no need for them to integrate . 
  it was the same culture . 
  do n't forget [ wombats ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oq5m98jpj2y ) !, 
  he won us eurovision in 1936 . 
  i think they go to perth to get away from all the asians in sydney and melbourne , tbh . 
  perth is still very white . 
  it is part of the citizenship test , though . 
  pretty sure it 's in czechia . 
  the good stuff , anyway . 
   there are obvious problems to that since initiatives are ment to amend the constitution so what exactly is `` constitutionally compliant '' in the first place ? 
  precedent ? 
  part of the purpose of law is to be consistent , so that it is n't direct by whim or fancy . 
  not sure of the likelihood , but there would be a chance that diametrically opposed legislation could be enacted with no real reason . 
   the second problem is that those judges are appointed by parliament so what 's to stop the parties from appointing judges willing to castrate any initiative that goes against the politicians ' will ? 
  a good example of that is how scotus is a highly politicized institution that keeps getting more and more politicized ... a better example would be venezuela , whose supreme court allowed the president to create an appointed parallel legislature ... :(  it really is an imperfect tool and , in the wrong hands , an extremely dangerous one but on the other hand , if you compare track records with representative democracies i think you can make a strong case that it is n't more prone to abuse than the alternatives ... 
  totally agree , merely because it is much more difficult to coordinate so many people . 
  does it do anything these days ? 
  do they even meet ? 
  in the article i linked there was a situation where a female athlete was found to have testosterone levels in the high end for a man . 
  but `` cas , the court of arbitration for sport , last year ruled that the iaaf could no longer enforce the upper limit of testosterone '' . 
  do n't get me wrong , it was the swiss system that made me fall in love with international government institutions ( i now consider myself an electoral nerd ) . 
  it 's still probably my favourite , and i certainly have n't come up with anything better . 
  there is no perfect system and the compromises of the swiss system is what gives it it 's character . 
   what i like most about it is that we have all major parties represented there . 
  we do n't have an `` opposition '' like in other systems . 
  this is due to proportional representation , which i know most of europe does , but only in their legislatures . 
  i love how you take it one step further and apply it to the executive . 
  but it 's really only the * method * of this part i have a problem with , because it does appear to be open to intrigue . 
  but so are all other methods , so it 's not like it 's worse , just disappointed it 's not perfect . 
   especially since we are a direct democracy , leadership is not expected from them , leadership is provided by the people and our councilors are mostly there to take care of the boring paperwork for us . 
  i 've never thought of it that way . 
  to be honest , i find direct democracy kind of worrying , tyranny of the majority and all that . 
  out of interest , can you have a referendum to oust a councillor ? 
  for extremely low cases , yes . 
  i 'm talking on the lower end of healthy and normal , and maybe just under . 
  where some ( especially elite ) female athletes actually have higher testosterone levels than men . 
  i think i like the idea of the swiss presidency more than i like the actual implementation of it . 
  pro 's : - cooperative - collaborative - stable cons : - bureaucratic - entrenched leadership - democratic deficit i think the main reason it actually works is because of the electoral system . 
  not really . 
  they 'd just have a lower libido , carry more body fat , and generally be weaker . 
  that 's pretty much ( generally ) the position women are in . 
  outworld ? 
  obviously there were n't enough . 
  otherwise god would have come to the rescue , right ? 
  you ca n't really blame them for being poor . 
  they 'd have been much richer if it were n't for crusades sacking them . 
  what happened to [ this body ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/council_of_europe ) ? 
  that would probably be popular . 
  what if a man has lower testosterone levels than the women ? 
  can they compete with the women ? 
  how do you change him ? 
  that 's fair . 
  i guess if you 're ok with it ... 
  that 's fair . 
  not sure if you need a prescription here , but you still need to get it from behind the counter at a licensed pharmacy . 
  in which case at the very least , the pharmacist will go through the instructions with you . 
  there actually is something wrong with fighting a dictator , if your ally is an amorphous rabid dog who will fill the power vacuum with literal enslavement , death and destruction . 
  but what if the next guy is even worse ? 
  we now have precedent for the authoritarian style , so he will simply get away with worse things . 
  could they just catch the train to germany/czechia/slovakia to get them ? 
  i 'm imagining this could be a massive black market . 
  all these unwanted children make for a great `` harem '' for the church hierarchy .
