  i do n't feel entirely comfortable with the idea myself , even if it does sound awesome . 
  so , why is the party leader not the pm in the first place ? 
  so the uk is like jesus , sacrificing itself for the eu . 
   but his vote is n't gold * yet * . 
  i actually how much the apparent influence of merkel is attributed to her directly or because of her position as the head of government of the largest economy is europe . 
  i think it 's obviously a combination of the two , but to many in political circles , it can be very difficult to separate them . 
  merkel is very much `` the matron of europe '' . 
  a lot of her prestige ( imo ) comes from her level-headed demeanour as well as the simple fact she 's been there `` forever '' . 
  if macron can emulate her electoral success ( obviously significantly more difficult ) , i think his prestige could end up outweighing hers/germany 's . 
  `` play the ball , not the man '' is the attitude i wish more people would take with politics . 
  because then they 'd have no scapegoat for underperforming universities ... 
  is he accountable to the eu parliament ? 
  by that i mean `` can the eu parliament remove him '' ? 
  because to me , the prospect of being removed by parliament at any time is a far more effective tool at enforcing responsibility , than direct elections every few years , despite being less `` democratic '' . 
  i do n't understand how crumpets are n't more popular . 
  they 're like a pancake in sponge form , which means they absorb prodigious quantities of butter and honey . 
  i ca n't find any more info on this incident . 
  are there any articles in greek ? 
  i think vardar macedonia sounds awesome . 
  the fact they had a centrist option was the difference . 
  i live in the coal capital of the world . 
  this does not bode well :(  famous for its coal , newcastle is the largest coal exporting harbour in the world , exporting just over 161 million tonnes of coal in 2016 . 
  it is n't even his final form !, 
  it 's an oligarchy , not unlike russia . 
  i think it 's a phase . 
  like fart jokes are funny as a kid , self-righteous political commentary is funny as a young adult . 
  i think maher 's face gets more punchable every time i see him . 
  jamie oliver is a cunt . 
  i lost all respect for him when he decided to travel the world telling other countries to implement `` his '' sugar tax idea . 
  * mate , you 're not a dietitian , or a nutritionist , or any sort of health expert . 
  you 're a fucking chef with a tv show . 
  you 're not a citizen of my country , and you do n't have to deal with any unforeseen consequences of policy , so how about you go bark in your own backyard ? 
  * what a fuckhead . 
  was n't there a plan for shared sovereignty before `` the incident '' ? 
  if it was me , i 'd give them the island if they made english the co-official language of argentina . 
  i 'm not criticising how the dutch government functions , just the notion that proportional governments dont work . 
  it seems to work for switzerland . 
  like switzerland ? 
  the ol' west lothian question ... 
  unfortunately the solutions are n't popular , from what i understand . 
  so his constituency is basically unrepresented ? 
  that 's a bit shithouse . 
  why should efficiency be top priority ? 
  should n't lasting consensus , efficacy , and legality be more important ? 
  the uk uses the same system as france but with only one round . 
  what the hell ? 
  that 's literally perfect weather in paris . 
  record low turnout numbers . 
  how do the french here feel about that ? 
  can you explain it ? 
  what is `` partial proportionality '' ? 
  some sort of dual system ? 
  my next question was going to be about the senate . 
  considering the role it plays , i 'd guess people would be in support of downsizing ? 
  probably not so much for the lower chamber though ? 
  are there plans for electoral reform ? 
  ah , that short period of time where australia was forward-thinking . 
  english is already the perfect blend of germanic and romance language , with simplified grammar to make it easy to learn . 
  and then we make it complex by throwing all the rules out the window and leaving communication open to interpretation !, 
  surprisingly few roads lead to rome ... 
  sometimes it 's nice to distract from problems at home . 
  i 'm glad our [ nutcase ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tony_abbott ) is gone , but here we 've still got the banks robbing us blind , and state governments selling off revenue generating assets in an attempt to balance budgets , all the while shilling ourselves to china something fierce . 
  sucks to be anglo right now . 
  edit : except new zealand and canada , they 're doing ok ( i think ) . 
  4 years ? 
  i 'll be impressed if this arrangement lasts 4 months . 
  together they 'll make the 326 , minus sinn fein . 
  it 's unlikely that it will be a coalition but more likely a confidence and supply negotiation , probably to do with northern ireland , but apparently also some uber-conservative stuff . 
  early counts seem to favour labour as they are generally urban and so can count the votes more quickly . 
  conservatives get a surge because it takes time for the rural votes to come in . 
  it already has been . 
  between this and the shitshow that is the usa , i 'm pretty bloody exhausted . 
  i do n't think the dup are ever going to side with snp . 
  and so i think the tories are safe . 
  oh sorry , my bad . 
  i thought you meant in terms of negotiating a either coalition or confidence with the dup . 
  it was just a jab at fptp . 
  certain people love to blame proportional representation for the downfall of democracy in germany because of the governmental instability it `` caused '' . 
  a bit like the ol' weimar republic . 
  so much for the stability of fptp . 
  [ north east fife on third recount : ` two votes in it ' ] ( http://www.fifetoday.co.uk/news/north-east-fife-on-third-recount-two-votes-in-it-1-4470767 ), 
  well they do . 
  they are still the largest party and will probably form a minority government anyway . 
  so basically , have everything go back to the way it was without participating in eu politics ? 
  good job uk , you managed to retain subservience to the eu in all the places you did n't want , and you got out of the main part that was beneficial ... 
  did you forget snp ? 
  the government rules as a minority which means they need to negotiate bills , and are subject to votes of supply and confidence . 
  if confidence is lost , the largest party will choose a new pm and a new government will be formed . 
  if supply is blocked , fresh elections will take place . 
  in protest to the authority of westminster . 
  lack of tactical voting . 
  thanks , 
  thanks , 
  do the vote counters * intentionally * take their time in conservative constituencies ? 
  there always seems to be a late surge for them . 
  they still have plenty of safe seats to go , but they must be quite close if they have n't been called yet . 
  conservatives have taken the lead . 
  [ looks like the blue team is pulling ahead in the popular vote . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/ng-interactive/2017/jun/08/live-uk-election-results-in-full-2017 ), 
  it takes less time to say , i 'm guessing .
