  np , was only joking . 
  lol , true . 
  also better than hung-hungary , 
   hunangary it 's hungary damn it . 
  like in hungry with an a !, 
  every country has the right to protect their borders the way they consider appropriate . 
  this is stated in pretty much any international treaty ( next to inviolability of said borders ) . 
  by your logic pretty much all countries on the planet are xenophobic then . 
  also you seem to be framing the argument in a fake dichotomy : open for all vs close for all . 
  this is not the case !, 
  it is not rocket science that whenever there are no other sources of information rumors will work . 
  in other words , if media is biased on one direction and the collective perceives the reality differently that 'll born rumors . 
  however , i fail to see the connection between rumors and control of the borders . 
  attacks on shelters are bad and i hope the police will do their job with due diligence . 
  xen \u00b7 o \u00b7 pho \u00b7 bi \u00b7 a - zen\u0259\u02c8f\u014db\u0113\u0259 , \u02ccz\u0113n\u0259\u02c8f\u014db\u0113\u0259 / - noun - intense or irrational dislike or fear of people from other countries . 
  sorry , i do n't get it : why wishing more control over who enters a country makes said country xenophobic ? 
  that is correct - basically what germany is doing at the moment . 
  also some states will grant citizenship if you do some investments ( i.e. 
  lot of money ) . 
  / u/mfukar describes it quite well . 
  because hungary is mandated by law to protect the schengen external border . 
  although currently nor hungary nor austria are respecting that with german complicity . 
  yes , you are allowed to apply for asylum at the border but at least at the hungarian-serbian border there is a high chance that 'll be denied . 
  also part of the problem is that most migrants do n't want to apply in hungary but in germany . 
  eastern europe, 
  safest thing is to read from / ask the customer protection office in the country you currently reside in . 
  you should organize cross cultural trips to finland - best dark self-deprecating humor in europe that i ever saw , 
  well , as long as they identify themselves as belonging to the minority group and keep their language , i 'd rather say they are integrated ( not assimilated ) . 
  also the special laws are mostly connected to preserving the language , being able to use their language wrt state institutions and in some cases some limited autonomy - withing the legal frame of the laws and constitution . 
  what videos ?? 
  the passage you kindly translated is probably correct . 
  what 's the point though ? 
  arguments based on who was here first as right givers are kind of lame . 
   the only way to introduce any foreign element into a country is through assimilation i respectfully disagree . 
  a `` foreign element '' will not be a problem as long as it has the same social values as the majority - e.g. 
  any national minority in europe living just fine . 
   the problem is that everyone see 's islam/muslims as a threat why do i have the impression that you are generalizing ???? 
  :p anyway , most of europe is pretty chill wrt religion . 
  what people fear is not the religion per se but certain behaviors associated with a minority group ( e.g. 
  ee gypsies are not very loved and that 's not because of their religion ) . 
  in europe we have a certain set of laws , social rules and habits ( which vary ) . 
  any behavior that breaks the law ( e.g. 
  discrimination of woman ) is completely unacceptable . 
  therefore i consider that the minorities should adapt to the habits of the majority and not the other way around . 
   i 've realised that europe needs to be educated needs ? 
   who says so ? 
  anyway , what exactly is the problem you are trying to solve ? 
   but it will be overturned almost immediately if it is challenged in court sorry , i do n't get it . 
  some people break the law . 
  police catch them . 
  they are refereed to a judge ( i.e. 
  a court ) which gives a sentence or an acquittal based on available evidence . 
  like in any trial they can ( and some do ) ask for re-trial at a higher instance . 
  as per hungarian law ( and eu ) if they ca n't speak hungarian ( the easiest language on the planet ) they are provided with an interpreter . 
  the sentence is valid for most countries of the planet ( otherways i 'd rob a bank in germany and relax in france riviera afterwards ) . 
  what is it to be further challenged in court and which court are you thinking about ? 
  you got the order wrong , it 's : turkey ( non eu , non schengen ) , greece ( eu and schengen ) , macedonia , serbia ( both non eu nor schengen ) , croatia ( eu but not schengen ) , hungary , austria and germany ( all eu and schengen ) . 
   according to the refugee convention a refugee is a person fleeing persecution , not war this i did n't knew . 
  i 'd give you gold if i 'd have money !, 
  you are 3/4 correct . 
  like in any other eu country there are people coming to hungary via legal means ( e.g. 
  plane ) and applying for asylum . 
  for the current migrant situation it mostly goes like this : `` did you claimed asylum in serbia ( safe country ) '' ? 
  - get back there ! '', 
  `` can you prove your asylum request in serbia was wrongfully handled ? '', 
  - get back there ! '', 
  the exceptional cases are the truly humanitarian ones ( lone minors , etc ) . 
   so while you might be able to deny asylum at the border , you ca n't if they apply elsewhere very true , but my original question still stands . 
  the sentences i was mentioning are handed by hungarian judges after a trial . 
  until the legality of the procedure is challenged by a higher eu instance this is a valid trial and a valid sentence , applicable to entire eu ( and their fingerprints in the db ) nb . 
  from what i read most defenders pleaded `` i did n't knew i 'm crossing a border '' but they got sentenced anyway on the argument `` i ca n't believe you see a friggin ' fence and you just think it 's ok to go over/under it '', 
   arrived directly from an unsafe territory according to hungarian laws they do n't ( since they come from serbia ) . 
  also there are the border registry points where they can claim asylum very legally . 
  this is interesting . 
  currently hungary is sentencing most of people caught going over/under our great fence to expulsion with 1-2 years interdiction for schengen space . 
  wandering from a legal perspective what will happen if the same people get somehow to another schengen country and apply for asylum there . 
  our beer is cheaper :p, 
   if a hungarian idiot woman trips up a migrant kid that is headline all over the world have you seen this video posted standalone in / r/europe ? 
  anyway , i wholeheartedly agree that hungary did n't deserve the shit we took !!!, 
  also , i did n't say the video is wrong or propaganda - just told you how things work on / r/europe . 
  imo the only videos that have a chance to stay are documentaries or reports from mainstream stations . 
  oh boy , i hope your authorities have a plan ( albeit yet invisible ) or it will end up ugly . 
  currently serbia pumps migrants to croatia , croatia pump them to hungary , we pump them to austria whom promptly send them to germany . 
  as in any supply chain if you stop taking them there 'll be poo up till turkey . 
  i do n't even want to think what will be the popular mood if there will be a terrorist attack ( please do n't happen ) even remotely connected to the migration . 
  dude , most ( if not all ) videos are delisted , there is no conspiracy against you - e.g. 
  have a look at the front page . 
  how many youtube links you see ? 
  ( none ) . 
  find or write a blog , analyse the situation and include the video . 
  then it will probably stay . 
  other ways we 'll end up with / r/europe being nothing but `` look at my hungarian cat '' videos . 
  edit : grammar, 
  well , that 's like the negative growth the economists speak , 
  what is your perception ? 
  do the authorities have some plan to handle the situation or they seem lost ? 
  ( 5-10k / day are still arriving ) . 
  already on the front page : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3my6tq/germany_prints_its_constitution_in_arabic_for/, 
  agrew . 
  except from lmp `` saints '' , do you know better ?
