  here 's a new one : does macedonia borders syria or afghanistan ? 
  that 'll mean that only greeks are truly european . 
  this is sparta !, 
  but it was close ( missile crisis ) . 
  also , nobody went to war for hungary either except russian tanks against basically civilians . 
   let me ask you a question as well : how many refugees is hungary willing to resettle ? 
  as many as are requesting/receiving asylum under the hungarian law !, 
  also both orban ( pm ) and szijarto ( external affairs ) declared repeatedly that hungary will fight the mandatory quota decision but at the end we will `` obviously fulfill our obligations as an eu member '' !, 
  related : i guess serbia is neighboring syria , right ? 
  all those refugees running for their lives into the neighboring country , just like hungarians did in ' 56 . 
   cause we rather not risk a global nuclear war for 9 million people . 
  since you do n't have a flag i do n't know who is we . 
  but i would kindly remind you of the cuban crisis ( cuba has around 10 mil )  western europe only accepted 5 % of hungary 's population as refugees many went to us and canada as well . 
  nevertheless thank you from my heart . 
   magyars were not orginally part europe anyway after the huns fucked everything that moved around here i 'm not sure that 's a valid argument anymore . 
  ( n.b. 
  hungarians are not descendants of huns according to major scholars ) . 
  anyway , also finland and cute little eesti come later . 
  seriously how many thousand years we have to be here to be accepted as european ? 
  if it would n't matter i would n't have asked . 
  point is : the hungarian refugees did n't cross illegally 5 borders to go where they please . 
  also please tell me one thing : is croatia neighboring syria then ? 
  that 's cheap ( if it works ) compared to what germany would have to pay otherwise , do n't you think ? 
   is the netherlands a neighbour of hungary ? 
  were there hungarians applying for asylum ** in ** netherlands ? 
  also , is slovenia neighboring syria ? 
  turkey has no reason to do it . 
  ca n't really condemn them though . 
  the most logical place to seal the border is either greece or croatia . 
  is syria a neighbor of hungary ? 
  how many what/who ? 
  i explained what i meant here dang it : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3pxayr/more_than_50000_migrants_arrive_in_greece_in_one/cwa9mrr, 
   think about it for a second before you write . 
  you obviously missed this part . 
   200,000 hungarians sought and received refugees in countries which had no obligation to help them 200 000 hungarians received asylum in countries who decided to take them and not in countries where they decided to go !, 
  can you grasp the difference ? 
   nothing more than attempted to deflect the point point was hungary is not a refugee hating nation . 
  sorry for not being more clear . 
  well , they plan to use their extra budget for this ( and the projected extra for next year ) so they should be fine . 
  the 200 000 hungarians : - stayed in the direct neighboring country ( austria ) - applied for asylum there as per geneva convention - obeyed the laws - went to the countries where asylums were granted yeah , totally the same !, 
   just think about that for one second hungary . 
  also hungary : - first country in eastern block to suspend border controls in order to allow germans from east to cross into west - allowed all refugees from yugoslavia ( again : coming directly from a conflict zone ) - currently we have a bunch of refugees coming from ukraine think about it for a second before you write . 
   glory to the fascits who made a large part of the force ? 
  people in '56 revolution were certainly not fascists . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  first at all i 'd like to thank you for all your answers . 
  well informed and without ad hominem attacks when we happen to disagree . 
   orban is inciting fear and hate against refugees and so on , and is into ultra-nationalist , anti-liberal and anti-european babble . 
  i understand why he is perceived this way . 
  trust me , he is a tad milder than portrayed in the media . 
  the second most powerful party in hungary is jobbik - full blown anti gypsy , jews , eu , etc. 
  the rest of the opposition is virtually non existent . 
  orban went towards right in order to combat that . 
  but if you look more at his actions and less at his remarks , you 'll see that he went fully aligned with the rest of eu e.g. 
  wrt . 
  russia ( when many observers feared hungary will be the trojan horse ) . 
  also , as mentioned already he changed all controversial laws ( and amended the new constitution 5 times ) to appease bruxelles . 
  there were also cases when he said one thing in hungarian ( to please local right wingers ) and another thing to eu  why is it bad that he is anti-liberal ? 
  while i disagree with him i think a politician can choose it 's direction . 
  also , orban is not anti-refugees but anti-illegal-economic-migrants , not anti-european but anti-bruxelles ( matter of nuance , i know ) . 
  tl ; dr : i like orban as much as i like hemorrhoids but he 's the least worst that we have at the moment . 
   we finally want a european solution for a european problem - and this fully according to the treaty on the functioning of the european union agree . 
  can we have unanimity on this one , this time ? 
  it was really badly received around here ( and not only in hungary ) . 
   hungary would probably profit more than germany from such a solution how so ? 
  there are less than 1000 asylum seekers in hungary atm . 
   so the spirit can even be law , if there are no letters unrelated : are you a lisp programmer btw ? 
  on the topic . 
  i 'd say it depends on the spirit and interpretation/guiding axiom . 
  germany decided apriori that most migrants are refugees fleeing war and persecution . 
  on another hand hungary decided that most migrants are economic immigrants , coming from safe countries . 
  this is very well reflected in rules , policies and how we handle the situation . 
  i do n't want to go into an endless debate on who is right , just pointing out the differences . 
  edit : sorry for the long answer , got carried away , 
   i see you 're joking there while my comment is put in a joking manner indeed , i really hope there is more space left . 
  hungarian media reports almost daily about the possibility of austria potentially closing the border ... although today 's news is that austria gave up any control at the sloven border and few thousands migrants are marching towards germany . 
  think of it : croatia collapsed after 1 day , slovenia might last 2 , hungary 3 and austria one week . 
  also makes me think on how mighty the german economy is ( absorbing everyone for half year ) . 
  traffickers do n't go on the boats . 
  i remember reading in a refugee report that in the middle of the sea , the guy driving the dingy started crying and confessed that he never drove a boat before . 
  trafficker asked him to do it in lieu of payment . 
  hi germany , how 's going ? 
  here in the middle we really , really hope you have some space left . 
  edit : some people might thing i am mocking germany with this comment . 
  this is absolutely not what i intended !, 
  i just wanted to have a half joking/half serious comment . 
  copy pasting what was on my mind from a reply below :  while my comment is put in a joking manner indeed , i really hope there is more space left . 
   hungarian media reports almost daily about the possibility of austria potentially closing the border ... although today 's news is that austria gave up any control at the sloven border and few thousands migrants are marching towards germany . 
   think of it : croatia collapsed after 1 day , slovenia might last 2 , hungary 3 and austria one week . 
  also makes me think on how mighty the german economy is ( absorbing everyone for half year ) . 
  i am quite sure hungary follows the international laws ( at least the letter if not the spirit ) . 
  also when bruxelles complained our government always changed the laws . 
  i agree though that there might be individual cases of violation , i disagree that there are systemic ones . 
  the link you kindly provided has 2 cases wrt hungary . 
  in one of them the court decided the violation exists , in the second one that it does n't . 
  there are plenty of other cases involving austria , italy , uk and switzerland . 
  why is hungary singled out ? 
   hungary is n't keeping those standards , neither legal nor humanitarian ones . 
  i disagree but i know i ca n't convince you so wo n't try . 
  i guess we ( hun ) are in the same pot with greece and czech republic in this aspect .
