  mind you we were allies with germany then ... linguistically we are obviously different , culturally not so much ( at least based on my experiences from visiting poland ) . 
  always poland - why asking ? 
  edit : on a seminal level , poland will be our closest ally for another 50 years at least ( i.e. 
  one-two generations ) regardless of the relationship between our governments . 
  i minded it only that one out of ten when the security guy grabbed my junk . 
  not nice . 
   how could i accomplish this ? 
  find a company willing to hire you !, 
  also / r/askeurope is a better place for this type of questions . 
  should have started with the serbian border though ... 
   hold the door !, 
  hold the door !, 
  it 's pronounced `` hodor '' !, 
  nastase with the burberry scarf around his throat was a hit though ... 
  i get what you mean but man , would i love to see some of our ex or current prime minister cuffed ... fuck yeah !, 
  well , the balkan route seems closed for now . 
  let 's hope it stays that way . 
  and despite of what politicians say , i just hope there will be no lasting hard feelings from hrvatska to magyarorszag so we can keep coming there on vacation  - my # 1 spot is omis/duce despite the 7-8 h drive . 
  love the place and the people . 
   i learned to disrespect the unnecessary sensationalist measures with cuffs trust me , in ee it 's good for the morale to see politicians with cuffs . 
  i wish i could compile a list like this for hungary ... for the flag , here are the official instructions : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/wiki/user_flairs, 
  totally , i mean how could tsa possibly trust someone from a country named `` hungry '' ... 
   we randomly dumped them during the day , too i loled :d  like , release them near austrian border and say `` now , behave nicely and do n't try to cross the austrian border which is 5 min away in that direction '' you are partly right , the holding camp was ( and still is close to austrian border ) but everyone there had to pass through a registration camp . 
  anyway , that was n't really the case ( it is today though ) - till end of august they just bought train tickets and went from budapest . 
   also , my bad , thought the czech republic was more south than it is no problem . 
  i used to believe you guys border albania . 
  i still do n't see how sending them in 3 directions instead of 1 ( austria ) would have made a difference . 
  orban did n't want to manage the flow ( which we did for 9 months ) but stop the flow of migration - although playing `` pass the migrant '' game would have been cheaper for us both financially and from pr perspective . 
  i 'm a middle class blue eyed caucasian and i am profiled ( it 's called `` selected for additional screening '' ) each time i exit us , even before 9/11, 
  just standard procedure for all arrests . 
   divide the mob towards slovenia and hungary , if by dividing you mean sending a train unannounced to hungary or randomly dumping them at the slovenian border at night , yeah , totally . 
   croatia does n't share a land border with those eu members . 
  why did n't croatia divided them to serbia , bosnia and montenegro ? 
  unrelated : hungary does n't have a border with czech republic btw . 
  and the eagle ; that 's important !!, 
   if instead of the money you used to build kilometers and kilometers of fence you used that money to build sorting centers we never had a capacity problem registering them - until the unfortunate news that germany will not apply dublin for syrians . 
  after that the situation become unmanageable because the migrants rioted each time we tried to finger print and register them . 
   redirect a part of refugees to croatia , austria , czechia , slovakia because those countries would had totally accepted them ... why did n't croatia do that ? 
  also , please remember that hungary had to respect the schengen agreement . 
  which we did . 
  to the letter !, 
  otherwise what 's the point of having schengen visa if anyone is allowed through ? 
   umm , our prime minister said ... actually he said ( http://www.dw.com/en/croatia-to-allow-refugees-passage-into-eu/a-18717867 ) :  `` we are ready to accept and direct these people , regardless of their religion and the color of their skin , and direct them to the destinations where they wish to go , germany and scandinavia , '' the prime minister said . 
   `` i do n't approve of budapest 's [ migrant ] policy . 
  i consider it harmful and dangerous . 
  not that the walls that are being erected will stop anyone , but they are also sending a horrible message , '' milanovic noted . 
  `` a fence in europe in the 21st century is not an answer , but a threat . '', 
  no offence , your pm boasted on how prepared you guys are just to realize they were all empty words . 
  i mean that dang fence did n't grow overnight , you had months to prepare . 
   not several tens of thousands . 
  kindly reminding you that we processed all migrants from jan-sept ( ~ 200 000 ) . 
   so technically the best option should have been to separate the refugees proportionally to the capabilities of each country yeah , hungary has the capacity for something like 10 k . what shall we do with the rest 200 k ? 
   not to pull a trump technically we did the fence before so it should be pulling an orban or something :d again : since there was no acceptable european solution in sight we had two choices : do nothing ( like croatia ) or do what we can ( control our borders ) . 
  i 'm not claiming one is better and trust me noone here likes this stupid fence but please do n't blame us for your government 's lack of meaningful actions . 
   it is far easier to police a land than a sea border - not impossible , i guess this is why austria dreams of fences at the border with italy ...  the last part is where i see a problem . 
  agree , i really hope eu will manage to come to a quicker agreement this time . 
  otherwise italy will end up building huge camps on their islands and a lot more of bad blood between countries which is exactly what we do n't need . 
   hungary is not defender of europe , its a coward and real defender of europe is macedon . 
  thanks for your kind insult !, 
  you seem a bit short on memory so allow me to remind you : - orban always told that our fence is the second best option ( best one would be eu border protection ) - ec/merkel pushed for the all in + redistribution approach + fences do n't work , blah , blah - orban decides for border control and builds fence at serbian border - flux moves to croatia - your pm declares `` croatia '' is ready - just to be completely overwhelmed within less than 24 hours - your pm declares `` plan b '' which basically means knocking at our borders with some trains - hungary completes fence at border with croatia - your pm declares `` plan c '' which means sending everyone to slovenia now ex-fucking-scuse us for caring first of ourselves when an acceptable european solution was nowhere in sight . 
  should had we been doing what you did ( send everyone by train to the nearest border ) that would had been an epic act of courage in your logic ? 
   yes , when they are on outside borders outside of what ? 
   not when you decide to say `` fuck you '' to your surrounding countries because that did jack shit . 
  not sure what you mean by this . 
   the more pressing problem is that this might only have shifted the smuggler routes . 
  the other route is longer , more expensive and more dangerous . 
  the numbers will never match the 10k/day we experienced last fall . 
   unless somebody manages to errect walls in the med , the same strategy wo n't work this time kind reminder the fence was built on land at greek-macedonian border . 
  the one at bulgarian-turkey border was much older . 
   nobody know that better than slovenians . 
  well , at least you guys did something way better than us if we are to look at any economic numbers . 
  apparently walls do work and greece did n't experienced 1 million migrants stuck there . 
  like v4 always argued ... 
  it also seems that not everybody coming to europe via the balkan route was desperately fleeing war . 
  also , i hope people will stop now calling v4 xenophobe nazi racists . 
  you forgot your yuge modesty ... 
  well , 1/3-rd of the comments do n't seem to have actually read the article so it 's more like reddit as usual imo . 
   communism is a vociferously anti-nationalist/internationalist ideology very true . 
  however , somehow , all commie dictatorships ended up quite nationalistic . 
  ( look at n corea for modern ones ) . 
   these garbage threads always come up when everyone 's gone to sleep . 
   wonder why that is . 
  because that 's when it popped in my head . 
  sorry , no conspiracy here . 
  tl ; dr : author is a jewish person , born from holocaust survivors btw ; nationalism was initially a movement against multinational empires . 
   fascism differs from nationalism in two profound ways :  first , self-determination was not considered a universal right by fascists  the more profound difference was the conception of internal governance, 
  come to hungary . 
  if you are not qualified to find a job you are fucked . 
  beer is cheap though . 
  please tell me it 's a joke ... 
  hungary , as my flair shows , 
  how 's the unemployment ? 
  one thing i always admired about americans is the workplace mobility . 
  and you are a beggar only if someone else has to provide for you which does n't seem to be your case . 
  seriously though - before making a decision have a look at alternatives in ee ( poland , eestics , hungary , czech , slovenia , romania , bulgaria , etc ) - if you plan to support yourself from savings for a while they are much cheaper . 
  wishing you a lot of good luck with your dream of moving here , 
  as a native english speaker you could probably support yourself ( barely ) by tutoring . 
  i do n't know your field of work but if there are multinationals on your field they would n't mind if you do n't speak the local language since english is lingua franca . 
  may i ask why you chose denmark ? 
  ( it 's quite expensive ) .
