  so my question should be understood in the context of :  despite this happening quite literally dozens of times more often than any crime by refugees . 
  are you for real ? 
  anyway - you are judging an entire crowd while crying about why is the other crowd judged ... 
   despite this happening quite literally dozens of times more often than any crime by refugees . 
  no offense but do you have any data on how many migrants were injured/assaulted vs the other way around ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i despise any attack on someone just because of their origin but your claim seems a bit exaggerated ( i could be wrong ) . 
   why the banks should n't give us more money ? 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  why does n't the banks just gives 10 000 eur/person/month to everyone ? 
   in a way i 'm sorry that big v resigned and we did n't get to see the results of his policy , although that might have been really bad for greeks . 
   except that if we greeks do not accept doing x , we would have no money to pay wages and pensions yup . 
  but your bank will not give you money either just because you are broke . 
  also , according to big v getting back to drahma was an option - so the government could had paid wages and pensions with drahmas . 
   correct me if i 'm wrong , but austerity was rejected by electorate there is a reason why referendums on financial issues are not allowed in most countries . 
  i mean , do you think any country would vote yes to `` hey , do you want more austerity '' ? 
  i do n't disagree at all - this looks like one of those situations where there is no good solution . 
  and yes , greece under water is less bad than greece + macedonia + serbia + croatia + slovenia . 
  i 'm also a bit more optimistic that less than half will keep coming - assuming a complete border closure . 
  we all know where this will end up : greece . 
  there are two ( at least ) big unknowns though : - will people keep coming in the same numbers if they know they can not get out of greece - assuming germany will not close its border for how long can it accept everybody assuming the answer to # 2 is anything else than forever that 'll mean a border closure will happen sooner or later . 
   and this will peak the number forcing merkel to act . 
  not if austria limits the rate to 3200 / day . 
  on another hand german mood is totally understandable . 
  i do n't get it - why would germany close its border due to this ? 
  i mean the total number of people who want to get to germany should stay the same . 
  well , we can continue what happens now - in the rare occasions eu is not bashed , germany takes its place, 
  tl ; dr eu is anti-democratic because the signatories of this manifesto/article say so, 
  tbh i do n't understand either why is hungary/orban opposing this, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_flag_ ( politics ), 
  the picture for budapest shows metro line 4 - the newest one , 
  how many times one has to write that `` closing borders '' does n't mean nobody goes through !, 
  greek citizens will enjoy same schengen as today, 
  tbh , i would n't care even if her name would be popescu - but then , according to the one and only viktator , there 's no corruption in hungary ( like anyone believes it ) . 
  lol , sorry , me bad . 
  and let me guess : it 's kovesi 's team who is putting him to jail ? 
  romania ? 
  for 10 % would you put hungary on top of the waiting list to import your ~ ~ general attorney ~ ~ chief prosecutor of the national anticorruption directorate . ? 
  i mean she even has a hungarian name !!!!!, 
  ( kovesi ) edit : that was close , as / u/someguytwo mentioned i asked for the wrong person . 
  definitely wrong one !, 
  drat , looks like i was playing it as well  ok , so what 's the problem with this ? 
  i mean , everybody agrees to keep the economical migrants out . 
  are we playing now `` let 's get things out of context '' ? 
   `` i would like to highlight that bulgaria 's position is to close all external borders of the european union - not inside the eu , but external borders  to leave only the legal border crossing points where all migrants can cross , can be registered , finger-printed , checked their health status and fulfill the procedure for asylum for those who are seeking asylum . 
  then why should n't bulgaria and romania be accepted if it 's not such a big deal ? 
  bulgaria will not close their border either . 
  from the article :  to leave only the legal border crossing points where all migrants can cross , can be registered , finger-printed , checked their health status and fulfill the procedure for asylum for those who are seeking asylum . 
  yeah , talking of closed borders i remember this song : `` knock knock knocking on schengen 's door '' - bulgaria , romania and roses, 
  touche, 
  err , i do n't know what to make out of your comment . 
  it 's correct that i try to use the bbc terminology . 
  but i learnt in school that if i want to quote someone i have to put this signs '' '' - just like you did with my comment . 
  so if i write :  i read the `` only 3 were refugees '' in the independent ... that means that i read , in the independent , that `` only 3 were refugees '' ... i.e. 
  i was quoting from the independent anyway , if you find some real inconsistencies in my posts please let me know and i 'll try to fix that , thanks . 
  ok , so how do you think a title like : `` cologne : three out of 58 men arrested over mass sex attack on new year 's eve were refugees from syria or iraq '' will be understood ? 
  from a quick look around it looks like the `` pro '' ( migrant camp ) were `` see , they were not refugees '' whereas the `` anti '' were `` omg , if this ones could n't integrate after so much time why do you think the others will '' moral of the story : media will spin any story to what they like whereas people will understand anyway what they want . 
  i guess it 's a sort of universe balancing or something . 
  ok , now this gets weird ... i read the `` only 3 were refugees '' in [ the independent ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/cologne-only-three-out-of-58-men-arrested-in-connection-with-mass-sex-attack-on-new-years-eve-are-a6874201.html ) which were quoting die welt which were quoting the same mr. bremer . 
  somebody need an eye check quickly . 
   what i was trying to say was that some aspects of it were quite progressive in ways . 
  the thing which bugs me most about communism is wrt perversion/destruction of values and meritocracy . 
  this is painfully visible if you look at the post revolution role models of the society : singers ( adi minune ) , footbal players ( mutu ) and politicians ( becali ) . 
  during commie times it was much more important whom you know than how good you were - that was called in romania pcr ( pile , cunostinte , relatii ) - and unfortunately this perpetuates until today . 
  do n't get me wrong , i am not a huge capitalism fan either but as churcill said `` it 's the least bad system we know '' ( or something ) . 
  can we please stop glorifying communist regimes please ? 
  in romania : my father could not attend music academy because his father ( my grandfather ) was a priest . 
  another member of my extended family died in prison ( he was of wrong religion and did n't want to convert to orthodoxy ) . 
  education : there are countries which have top education without communism . 
  jobs : you are correct , everyone had a job . 
  but that meant you will have to move to the part of country assigned to you . 
  this also meant factories were massively inefficient - a saying from those times sounded `` noi ne facem ca muncim , voi va faceti ca platiti '' / `` we pretend we work , you pretend you pay '' . 
  as the fall of communism proves it , such a system is unsustainable so let 's stop crying about it . 
  housing : you are correct - but again , you were granted housing in the village where you were sent ( which in most cases was not in big urban centers that everybody dreamt of ) . 
  you are also correct that the difference rich-poor was smaller . 
  that 's due to the fact that everybody was dirt poor . 
  5000 is lower than 10 000 / day ... 
  yup - assuming we find a way on what to do for not having more than 2 million - and for that one we 'll need border closure sooner or later . 
  also please note that `` taking care '' is different in germany from turkey . 
  in one hand we talk about `` providing food and shelter '' in another the whole integration process . 
  i 'd say the second is orders of magnitude more expensive . 
  this is also an answer for / u/oftenstupid, 
  but they will not take 2 million either  also jordan and lebanon ... 
   they will not stop until after the border is closed and migrants are piling up in greece . 
  yes , that 's exactly what i also said - sorry for not being more clear . 
  so first step : close the border !, 
  i do n't understand why turkey is not fucked with 2 million and we already cry for greece ( and i support 100 % massive help for greece ) . 
   the german attitude is `` ok , ok we take them in before somebody got hurt '' . 
  nobody would care should n't germany also say - hey others , you must also take some in because that 's the right thing to do and i say so !, 
   and wo n't take any migrants aside those already agreed too except for poland they agreed to exactly zero , 
   and will be replaced by thousands on new migrants next week of if the migrants just stay in greece . 
  would you pay 800 eur and the risky crossing if you know there is no chance to go further ? 
  does anybody understands wth does germany wants ?? 
  you better check with your embassy - in worst case you 'll have to cross to border to a non schengen state ( where you do n't need a viza ) drink a coffee then enter back  quote from : http://eeas.europa.eu/delegations/australia/documents/eu_travel/schengen_visas_en.pdf, 
   `` please note that australian citizens holding an ordinary passport do not need a visa for stays up to 90 days for all schengen states for tourist or business purposes . 
  schengen visas for stays over 90 days are not available '' however , you might want to check if you need to exit schengen when your student visa expires and reenter as tourist . 
  your passport is enough - driving license as well if you plan to drive . 
  fully agree . 
  pedo rapists should have the same punishment regardless of their country of origin - therefore the `` husbands '' shall be prosecuted !, 
  anecdote : i was on a short term assignment in us when janet jackson 's nipplegate happened . 
  one of my us colleagues asks me to search for a pic of the event , for science - he was dying to see the pics but would n't dare use the company computer for that ( since my bosses were in hungary i had different rules ... ) ...
