  i know and i do n't have a problem with that . 
  you wo n't hear someone from finland protesting they should be called northern europe and not western , 
   european countries are obligated to do so no they are n't - unless we neighbor syria . 
   freedom of movement is basic human right . 
  freedom of movement means your own country can not forbid your internal moves also from exiting or entering ; not that another country is forced to let you in . 
  i do bet that if we have to choose between russia and poland we 'll always choose poland . 
  also at least the damn helicopters are a thing that impacts only hungary as opposed to let 's say north stream . 
  now i feel sad he deleted his comment , 
  i do n't own a tv either - that 's why i 'm on reddit - oh wait :d, 
  yeah , but to be fair the same would happen if someone will get their info from the tv only , 
   and how many crimes go unreported or the corrupt police in poland and the rest of eastern europe does n't bother to investigate ? 
  fyi , the police ** must ** investigate all reported crimes . 
  that they are doing a lousy ass job can happen everywhere . 
  so sorry , i 'm not buying your statement . 
   how many people were forced to give a bribe usually people do n't bribe because they are forced to but because they want some advantages notable exception being some doctors in romania ( and many are going to jail ) . 
  it depends where you set the limits to the west - is it iceland , ireland or continental europe  anyway , some people around here are sensitive for being called eastern europe which is funny . 
   but it has nothing to do with schengen , schengen is just the removal of ( structural ) border controls , that 's all . 
  only citizens living outside schengen can receive interdiction of entering it . 
  so if france expels someone that person is not allowed to enter any scengen country . 
   good luck with that . 
  the eu ca n't be reformed . 
  call me an optimist then  eu reformed with every crisis it went through - i am confident it 'll happen again . 
  ... and if uk leaves ... we 'll that 'll be another major chance to reform . 
  yeah , i was surprised at first when i saw he uses `` central europe '' instead `` eastern europe '' . 
  but this should also be a lesson for everybody not to be so quick on having opinions/criticizing countries and people that we have no idea about . 
  ~ ~ romania voted to accept the quota so why are you so angry ? ~ ~ edit : / u/ganymede07011610 is right - i remembered romania 's president later declarations that they will not further object and take in the refugees . 
  finally an article which accurately describes the general attitude around here as opposed to the paternalistic/moralist approach of other news outlets kindof `` how can those asshole eastern europeans be such ungrateful cunts instead of taking their fair share ... illiberalism ... right wing ... fence ... etc '' . 
  also it presents the v4 's proposal/position - something most major outlets seem to ignore . 
  for those of you who do n't seem to go beyond title , the article does n't speak about v4 exiting eu but :  central europeans will probably go for an opt-out from justice and home affairs issues of the kind denmark or the u.k. have, 
   how does it feel in that high horse ? 
  spain and the baltics also protect their borders . 
  eww , certainly not high moral horse - more like as moral as australia . 
  the context was the balcanic migration route ; that 's why i did n't feel like mentioning spain , baltics or norway ( but you are right ) . 
   against the migrants , against the eu yes and not so much . 
  while there were scuffles he never went heads on against an eu decision . 
  also do n't forget that our second largest party is far-right so a lot of this actions ( billboards included ) were to cater for domestic audience . 
  - i donated money to the anti-orban bollboards btw   nothing different has really been proposed i beg to differ - orban was talking of fences and closing borders while merkel and fenyman were saying that 's not humane and european solution . 
   the v4 has actually torpedoed a bigger frontex the v4 did n't torpedoed a larger frontex but the possibility of deploying frontex troops without the consent of receiving country . 
  anyway , what would frontex do ? 
  turn the boats around ? 
   and merkel is doing what she has simply started pushing for thougher asylum legislation merkel did several u turns . 
  orban did none . 
   and it has n't raised any other solutions since then last orbanism was to block the migration at macedonia - greek border like two weeks ago . 
   but she has been pushing the whole eu to not make refugees her problem ever since italy raised the issue in 2011 italy and greece were crying out loud last summer and were largely ignored with `` you boys do dublin '' until shit hit the fan . 
   you dislike germany 's stance , and you dislike my stance . 
  yes , i dislike german 's stance and i disagree with yours   so clearly i have to be german woops , true , my bad . 
  i reply from inbox , there is no flair here . 
  i 'll edit it in a sec . 
  also i apologize if what i said can be interpreted as ad hominem - that was not my intent . 
   and orban declaring victory over the eastern hordes . 
  so you have a problem with what he said or with what he did ? 
  i do n't recall such statement from him though ( but that does n't mean he has n't said it ) . 
   what exactly are you talking about ? 
  you were bashing hungary for `` not our problem '' . 
  i was saying that when hungary and v4 tried to propose something different than `` let 's distribute'em '' nobody listened and merkel bulldozed through . 
  now it looks like merkel and fenyman say same things as orban said in september . 
   that does n't sound efficient at all . 
  well , they already have the ferries , it 's just a matter of setting a destination . 
   wasting a beautiful greek island for that purpose . 
  we can pick an ugly one - the same that the egyptian billionaire wanted to buy for the same purpose . 
   registrations should be done in turkey ca n't agree more - but it is something requiring cooperation of a third party ( i.e. 
  turkey ) . 
  i was talking about a purely eu solution . 
   countries instead of processing them ? 
  please check the eurostat statistics on asylum requests for hungary - up till october we had the highest rate/capita in europe . 
  so please do n't give me this crap of `` not processing them '' and sending them directly . 
  remember the 3000 migrants marching on the highway ? 
  they are the same people who refused to be processed - after merkel said `` let them go '' hungary obliged . 
  now ex-fucking-scuse me for giving germany what ~ ~ your ~ ~ the chancellor told us to do . 
   hungary protected their own asses i disagree . 
  we could had chosen the easy path ( like croatia and austria do right now ) and keep sending the trains . 
  we have no advantage out of the fucking fence except for angry neighbors and international scolding . 
  but then again : hungary is respecting their schengen obligations in full . 
  noone enters schengen via hungary unless they have the right to be here . 
   larger strategy of standing aside and declaring `` not our problem '' . 
  wrong again . 
  it 's funny to see merkel and especially fenyman proposing now , 4 months later the same things orban was proposing in the summer . 
  if nobody listened to him ( except v4 ) is n't it normal to step aside and say : `` not our problem '' ? 
  edit : removed wrong implication that parent is german, 
  hungary was the only country who fully respected the schengen treaty and protected the common border . 
  also hungary withdraw from dublin in june - the writing was on the wall . 
  and we 've got cubic shit tons of poo from the same people calling today for the `` protection of external border '' . 
   but it is very hard , if not outright impossible to secure the greek/turkish border . 
  true that . 
  however , as we know , greece is ferrying everyone from lesbos to athens . 
  how about ferry them to a different island where to do the processing instead ? 
  ( obviously costs covered by eu ) do you think people who know they do n't have a chance of asylum ( ~ 50 % ) will still do the expensive journey ? 
   i knew it all along that hungarian was n't a real language damn , you got us - i have to confess that hungarian is in fact dacian :p, 
  what shitty translations , moreover you brag that you know english . 
   black eagle \u2192 red eagle man , the poor eagle must be like the famous blue - golden dress . 
  i do n't understand people like you - op submits some oc and the best you can produce is throwing shit at him ... 
   this is basically made for this subreddit that is quick to label every refugee rapist . 
  labeling all members of a social group with negative characteristics is a very bannable offense in this sub - are you sure you do n't confuse the subs ? 
  thestar quick to judge all european citizens by actions of a few ... 
  there is no mandatory `` quota '' on how many requests have to be approved . 
  the processing happens at the border line ( with serbia ) and basically looks like this : - did you applied for asylum in serbia ? 
  if no , please go back and apply there since serbia is a safe country . 
  - do you have any claim that your asylum request was mishandled in serbia/were you persecuted there ? 
  if no , go back . 
  asylum seekers are not allowed into hungarian territory unless their asylum claim is accepted - as opposed with germany with the `` all in and we 'll sort it later '' approach .
