  moreover the new constitution was amended 5 times due to criticism coming from brussels ( thanks god for brussels ) < - and i 'm being honest . 
  no offence , but if you are masochistic enough to want to understand ee politics , it 's not useful comparing ee `` democracy '' with we democracy . 
  you have to compare one ee government with the previous one . 
  for example : one criticism to poland is pis nominating their man in front of public tv . 
  do i bet that the previous man in charge was nominated by the previous government , and the one before by the previous one , etc ? 
  nb : i am not saying any of this is right !, 
  also being comfortable while squatting requires heavy training !, 
  nobody disagrees with that , i hope !, 
  - the referendum results should be up-kept or i will lose any faith in democracy . 
    but also deprives the less affluent members of their most able and energetic citizens  i 've heard this argument constantly . 
  it is nonsense . 
  sir ? 
  that 's not quoted from me  my point was that i am tired of having ee countries represented as the sole beneficiaries of joining the eu . 
  personally , i do n't blame rich countries for brain drain but our owns for failing to provide enough conditions for highly qualified people to stay . 
  yeah , everybody complains about ee migration . 
  but somehow having our biggest grocery chain as tesco or that vodafone is one of the largest operators seems as a good thing , not to mention brain drain . 
  we 're now past denial and into the bargaining phase . 
  just a bit more and we 'll get to acceptance . 
  tl ; dr : cut freedom of movement and uk will stay tbh i do n't understand why nobody is vocal wrt freedom of movement for businesses and services ... 
  i think they are training for spelling bee or something ... 
  we 're kinda sad . 
   is completely fictional like in one of the flights during 9/11 ? 
  @mods : would it be possible to sticky this ? 
   the chance of unarmed self-defense against cutting weapons is abysmally low yes , if you are one on one and you have nowhere to run . 
  not so much if you are one against 30 . 
  beer is cheap and you 'll probably get married here , 
  i am lucky enough to visit wroclaw every now and then ; from an outside views , there were a lot of developments in wroclaw - but i could n't say which was done due to the european championship and which for the cultural capital . 
  few things i have noticed : highway ( finally ) , lot of roads were renovated , the bicycle system , the public wifi , lot of buildings were painted , more parks . 
  you are correct - although the eu proposal came quite late and was deployed even later . 
  to be fair towards brussels it is also up to the border member states how much power/authority they effectively give to the eu forces - e.g. 
  can a polish police detain a migrant or a smuggler why operating in greece ? 
  the crux is ( as orban mentions ) the mandatory quotas ... 
   orban seems to be shifting towards a pro-eu , centralisation-sceptic ( but not opposed ) , right-wing position he was always that actually . 
  he criticized a lot brussels but not eu ; several public speaches ( in hungary ) have him mentioning that hungary 's place is in eu . 
  probably he would n't even mind that much more centralization should n't the commission go completely opposite of what v4 wanted in migration issue . 
   under orban , hungary is even less democratic than turkey . 
  yup , literally hitler / s, 
  i really apologize for submitting two top level replies . 
  it is always useful to examine the underlying assumptions - in this case you are inferring that the attacks happened because some people were not `` sufficiently integrated '' . 
  however , if we are to believe the press all of them were fully integrated ( good son , liked rap music , born in usa , had a job , three kids , drank alcohol , etc ) and radicalized recently . 
  why do n't we need to have a talk wrt integrating chinese immigrants btw ? 
  so are we sure we want to integrate or we want to assimilate ? 
   not a duty really , but it does seem like a better idea than having ghettos full of potential suicide bombers myself , world , dog and the kitchen sink will agree with you . 
  but , what does `` integrating '' means ? 
  and also can i integrate someone by force ? 
   why is it france 's duty to keep their poor from starving and being exploited ? 
  that 's france 's duty indeed , no question about that !, 
  are the mulsims/arabs/middle eastern people more prone to being starving and being exploited ? 
  but integrating ? 
  if i am a guest to your house i will respect the house rules and not demand you `` integrate '' me - whatever that means . 
  edit : good discussion topic you brought btw . 
  i hope it stays . 
  ok , here is my problem with this type of questions : why do you assume is france 's duty to integrate anyone ? 
   lmao let them try . 
  why ? 
  will you fence up as well ? 
  i am not blaming anyone , just stating what will probably happen . 
  i kind of doubt it . 
  nobody has managed yet to make a ssto ( single stage to orbit ) . 
  if russia would have that technology it would mean a revolution in satelite launching . 
  a trade negotiator is a technical position , not political to my knowledge . 
  ( could be wrong ) . 
   would n't they be swamped from two sides now ? 
  i doubt it . 
  they showed so far creativity in passing the hot potatoes to various parts of their border . 
  probably they 'll start sending them to croatia or maybe romania . 
   their word is economic law now ? 
  i do n't think you can simply ` define ' something like that . 
  sorry for not being clear . 
  `` single market '' in the context of eu is defined under treaties as free movement of goods , services , money and people . 
  it 's not me who defined it !, 
  again , when we discuss `` single market '' it means all 4 of them - and downvote me as much as you want but i was n't the one making the definitions !, 
  trouble is that many people mix the layman terms with the juridical ones . 
   isra\u2019a 's home in aleppo was destroyed by bombing . 
  she had to sell cigarettes on the street to raise the $ 12,000 ( # 10,000 ) it cost to get her family to greece . 
  this is just not possible . 
  to me it looks like the journalist lives in a country where one pack costs 10 eur , considers this numbers plausible and made some things up . 
  i almost always upvote comments/posts i reply to as per rediquette , this one included . 
  thanks - are then the guests like some advisers ? 
  also can the commitee decisively influence in one direction or other the negotiations on brexit or soft power only ? 
  thanks for sharing and effort , it 's a good read . 
  however , maybe it would be useful to add what this committee represents for those of us who do n't know much of uk politics . 
  i mean : are they a think-tank , some respected intellectuals , or some group whose opinion will be taken into account by the new government ? 
   why because this is how it was defined . 
  ... and he 'll probably send erdogan a goat as a make up gift . 
  some people say that when we had competition taxi drivers could barely do a living . 
  now there is basically no competition . 
  unfortunately nobody gave a fuck about what customers wanted . 
   but the only thing that needs to go away regarding taxis is the limited number of taxis licenses there is no limit here . 
  what we have instead is a high fix price ~ 0.9 eur/km . 
  since this is very high if compared with standard of living there are is no market to support more taxis . 
  you are misinformed . 
  the taxi law was pushed by taxi lobby itself . 
  key element : fix price ( which is 60 % higher than previous prices ) - aka no competition . 
  also forget about rating drivers , etc. 
  we still have hyenas ( i think they are called sharks in romania ) who rip off clueless tourists . 
  uber drivers pay tax and one could even argue they pay more since it 's impossible to cheat with uber . 
   they have extreme leverage over the eu not so extreme imo . 
  even without eu invoking article 7 we can pass a lot of things to which uk opposed . 
  tax on financial transaction is the first thing that comes to my mind for example .
