   will hurt all their fellow countrymen . 
  i 'm lol-ing even at the remote implication that they would give a fuck about it . 
  also i do n't remember hearing a pip from the brave defenders of freedom of press when simicska instructed his media trust to start being anti-orban . 
  you are correct . 
  imo , if eu wants an inquiry that should be about allocation of public advertisement - there are many papers who would go bankrupt without it . 
  every government since '89 gave more state ads ( ie . 
  money ) to friendly media than to unfriendly one . 
  i was n't making the case this is true just an analogy . 
  yes , i remember you asked the same like 3 months back with not much answers . 
  look at the middle-right side of your screen , just below the map of europe and the `` submit link '' and `` submit text post '' tabs . 
   fuck this subreddit . 
  it has turned into an r/the _ donald overflow cesspit . 
  yeah , you only accused a sub of almost 1 million people of being the `` overflow cesspit '' of a not too popular person . 
  no nazis indeed . 
  if one makes a generic negative comment wrt people belonging to any minority it warrants a virulent reaction and possibly a ban . 
  if you insult the whole majority , that 's somehow fine i guess . 
  actually orban basically asked : there are two choices - open the borders or legal violence . 
  your choice !, 
   fuck this subreddit . 
  it has turned into an r/the _ donald overflow cesspit ... no sir , the problem is whenever someone does preconceived judgements . 
  leftists accusing anyone who disagree with them of being nazis are no better from a dialogue perspective than rightists accusing all migrants of being terrorists . 
  this post is now 77 % upvoted . 
  sorry to break your narrative !, 
  at least i can see the previous submission in the new ( so this one 's a duplicate ) : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/56xa3r/refugees_it_really_wasnt_merkel/, 
   i 've never lied here ouch , i 'm really , really sorry - i did n't mean to imply you are lying but about what comes in much of the press ; thanks a lot for keeping your answer civil . 
  the problem in hungary is that each government will give money to the media close to them and will control the public one . 
  do i bet that when orban is out there will be another 500 fired ? 
  orban is certainly overdoing it though . 
  is this a good thing ? 
  of course not - everyone would want a truly independent public media . 
  as for nepszabadsag they are far from being independent - they were owned by the socialist party until the party had to sell their stake ( 6 years in opposition , no money for party media ) - do n't get me wrong i hope they manage to re-open . 
  at the same time there was no outcry one year ago when one local media mogul turned against orban and openly instructed his media trust to start being anti-orban . 
  why there was no concern wrt freedom of press ? 
  or many years ago when orban ( then in opposition ) proposed having also time on national tv , you know what was the answer ? 
  `` if you want tv feel free to make yourself one '' . 
  or in 2002 when many right wing journalists were fired ( as socialists came to power ) . 
   you have to admit that trump is the worst that could happen to the eu and the us . 
  tbh , i dislike both trump and hilary . 
  thanks , i know the situation here   both do not use rational thaughts to get their voters , they use emotions . 
  like any politicians . 
  also compared to previous gvmt his party have a better record of actually delivering on electoral promises . 
   both wanted the death penalty back arguable about orban - that was a one time mention at times where emotions were high as result of a very ugly murder . 
   both have cut the rights of their constitutional courts i do n't know of turkey so ca n't comment . 
  on another hand our cc has plenty of anti-orban decisions . 
   both are deep into the media and know how to use them true . 
  please note that during previous government there was virtually no right wing media . 
  at the same time there was no journalist killed or beaten , nor publications closed as a result of state institution decisions . 
  wrt human rights , i thought you were referring to hungarian citizens rights . 
  also orban agreeing with a us prez candidate on something makes him `` the worst '' ? 
  interesting view . 
  i 'm going back now to read the 4 ` th ( for the day ) very critical article on orban in hungarian press - i do n't like orban btw but i do n't like gross lies and exaggerations from the media about the situation here either . 
  edit : clarification, 
   how can we criticize erdogan in turkey while we have our own erdogan in the middle of our union this is grossly exaggerated - please inform yourself first . 
  i 'm also curious which human rights is my government infringing in your view . 
  try this instead finnbro : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=55fp1lfkkvq, 
  there is no soft evidence either ... and as i said `` based on what we ** know ** so far , it points at management idiocy '' - everything else is jumping to conclusions . 
  in case of norwegian funds we had state institutions involved - so that was proof it is political . 
  in this case we have zero - i would had agreed with you if for example nav would have blocked their accounts on some phony charges but there is no such thing . 
  if we think of who benefits from it , there is no benefit for orban on having an ugly closure ( quite contrary ) - unless there was a really big story coming ( and even then that 'll be stupid since somebody will post that anyway and index or 444 will be more than happy to present ) . 
   orban 's mo to do something like this true , but usually they come up with something idiotic like we had drug testing for kids proposal , etc. 
   do you argue that telling employees about a party on sunday and firing them on saturday is just a normal business decision ? 
  absolutely not , but i do n't attribute it to orban 's malice when all existing info so far points at management idiocy . 
  jumping like this to conclusions is not helpful . 
  unrelated : nobody cried when simicska asked his employees to write anti gvnmt . 
   apparently they had one any idea what ? 
  - i 'm following the redaction on fb but no new news yet . 
   this is plain , ugly , and political . 
  yes , it 's orban 's hand again . 
  why ? 
  if they would had been closed gently would had made any difference ? 
  i seriously do n't understand why the abrupt & ugly closure is proof that it 's orban 's hand - with exactly zero proof . 
  also the newspaper did n't had some big story upcoming nor we have elections next week to say it would had benefited orban . 
   is only a rationalization to hide the real causes . 
  those being ? 
  if the paper + nol.hu were profitable , nothing stops the redaction to make nepszabadsag 2.0 . 
   what are your thoughts about n\u00e9pszabads\u00e1g suddenly and surprisingly shutting down whereas i was n't a reader of the print version and only occasionally reader of online , i do n't like it . 
   this being a purely economical decision seems unlikely to me the reasons are still unclear . 
  publisher claims a 75 % decline in units sold and 5 billion huf ( ~ 17 mil eur ) in losses for the last 5 years . 
  however , please note that the closure did n't happen due to some authority 's decision like in turkey . 
  rumors say a person close to gvnmt bought the paper - which is perfectly legal btw . 
  it 's also legal for the owner to impose its editorial line . 
  should this be the case , nothing prevents the journalists from creating nepszabadsag 2.0 and go on - there is no frequency needed like for radio or tv . 
   no one will dare use violence against these illegals they will not pass through hungary at least , and sadly we had to use violence in the past . 
  there will be no problem to use it in the future either if they attack our border guards again . 
   again , not true . 
  sorry , are you really hungarian ? 
  because the you should know of the polls showing that 70 + % of population supporting orban 's policy on migration ; e.g. 
  for example i support orban 's policy but i would have voted invalid because the question was stupid . 
  we did n't pass anyone until september - we 'd register them at the border then put them in an open camp . 
  they 'd pass themselves through afterwards without our help . 
  after the fatidic sms things went south quickly and the migrants flat out refused to be registered - also the sms started a big rush of people fearing germany could close their doors soon . 
  after the merkel - feynman agreement we did pass everyone through without registering . 
  after we finished the border fence with serbia and croatia started passing us back the people we pass those too . 
  after we finished the fence at croatian border we do n't pass anyone again . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/a-look-back-at-the-refugee-crisis-one-year-later-a-1107986.html - it 's an excellent report form a german perspective ( and almost complete )  how merkel put pressure on hungary to let the refugees through to germany , or else . . 
  this is news to me tbh . 
  at that time , merkel was perceived here as being ambivalent - on one hand he was saying she expect hungary to respect schengen on another bashing us for the fence , although orban made it very clear that 's the only way we can protect schengen . 
  however , i do n't remember a `` let them go or else ... '', 
   if only someone who is n't merkel had control over hungary 's borders . 
  dafuq , are you serious or just trolling ?
