  germany , holland , france , spain , portugal , italy are cheaper ( ee even more so ) . 
   no skills that i have apply to any of the needed positions of eu countries usually the process looks like this - at least for hungary ( but i do n't think it 's very different elsewhere ) . 
  - work visa ( 1 year ) - you need to have a company willing to hire you ( and you can not switch company ) - temporary residence permit ( 5 years ) - you can switch companies - permanent residence permit ( it 's like us green card ) honestly , if you do n't have some hot qualifications the easiest way is if you can find your true love somewhere in europe ... 
  usually the requirements for citizenship ( depends on the country ) require you pass some exam so you have to be almost fluent in that language . 
  for permanent residence is enough if you work in that country for x years ( that again depends on the country ) . 
  permanent residency should be easier to get . 
  may i ask why do you want citizenship ? 
  as long as i can take a banner any day and scream `` fusck orban '' in front of the parliament i will laugh when hear people complaining of dictatorship here . 
  also the author obviously has no idea what he 's talking wrt orban 's illiberal thing . 
   the very thing orban is constantly expressing a desire to leave ? 
  he never said that . 
  even jobbik ( which were burning eu flags a few years back ) decided they still want in . 
  the sad thing is that almost all reasons listed here were equally valid with the previous government , and will probably be valid with the next one as well . 
   this makes me sad too , i hope hungary pulls itself back together . 
  doubt it . 
  left has imploded into 4 smaller parties and they are busy fighting each-other . 
  with the first past the post system they stand no chance . 
  no , i am not !, 
  but it 's telling that when you ran out of arguments you ad homed me . 
   ah , so you want to compare the 4km that seperates lesbos from turkey to what an asian refugee has to cross to get to australia then please explain the big chunk of afghani and pakistani ...  you 're digressing here . 
  nope . 
  i am just questioning the legitimacy of someone requiring asylum in europe after crossing 2 to 5 safe countries . 
   that 's false , you have no data to support it do n't be silly : http://www.asrc.org.au/resources/statistics/detention-and-refugee-statistics/, 
   are there really jobs for developers in hungary that you can do if you only speak english or do you also have to know hungarian ? 
  at multinationals sure do !, 
  ibm , ericsson , nokia , ge all have over 1000 people and will hire you without knowledge of hungarian . 
   how much does a good apartment cost in budapest btw ? 
  it depends on what you mean by `` good '' . 
  my 55 sqm flat at the 8 ` th floor in a commie building in a very `` good '' area would be around 55 000 eur . 
  so , generally speaking prices are between 700 eur/sqm in shantytown to the sky !, 
   hundreds of thousands of refugees reached europe by foot nope - if you are to read the newspapers , there was always the `` dangerous dingy thingy '' . 
   because refugees want to come to europe , not saudi arabia . 
  agree . 
  why should this be our problem ? 
  i also object to the broad usage of term `` refugees '' . 
  until their status is determined they are migrants . 
   because refugees want to come to europe apparently this `` refugees '' do n't just want to come to europe . 
  they want to come to germany and sweden . 
  shall i remind you the story of the afghans crying when they learnt they are in romania or the `` refugees '' laughing in the face of portugal 's pm . 
  oh , and do n't forget the `` macaron in croatia '' . 
   why do n't they go straight to the us or canada i wonder ? 
  because they could easily come to europe and it 's next to impossible to go to us or canada ? 
  btw : canada has a generous program of refugee relocation , us and eu are larges providers of humanitarian help . 
  wrt australia : before they introduced the draconian rules wrt illegal migration , there were plenty of people dead on the sea , after that , none !, 
  as always , following the money is useful in this sea of propaganda . 
  therefore i conclude that poland 's complaints are genuine ( they pay a high price for gas ) . 
  for the rest is mixed . 
  but also ( talking of hypocrisy ) : ns is just a private enterprise . 
  sorry ( again ) , that 's like saying berlin wall is a private enterprise of construction companies . 
   there 's a lot more to quality of life than price of real estate . 
  weather , quality of government services , healthcare , education , ease of travel , crime level , pollution , etc. 
  fully agree - come to hungary  except for healthcare ( most of my friends go to private clinics ) * we 're cool !, 
  * for example : having a baby in a top private clinic is 700 eur ( low risk ) and 1100 ( high risk - i.e. 
  lady over 35 ) + 1000 eur for delivery ( with english speaking doctor and nurses ) . 
  a private consultation is between 30 and 70 eur depending on the specialty . 
   australia is an island . 
  we have islands . 
   australia does n't have war-torn countries a few hundred kilometers from its borders . 
  why does distance matters ? 
  saudi arabia is even closer btw . 
   australia was never even close to experience an influx of refugees like europe is seeing today . 
  because they did n't wait for centuries before rejecting ( to safe places ) absolutely everyone !, 
   but you must admit that no people are going to want to live in over-populated , under-funded refugee camps in the middle of nowhere with no future . 
  no sane person will disagree with this statement . 
  but this does n't means either that europe must provide for them . 
  there are 2 billion people on the planet living below the poverty line . 
  shall europe allow all of them in ? 
  and provide for them ? 
  and guess what , as pressure on europe 's social system will grow , funding of those camps will go even lower down the drain . 
  does syria borders any european country ? 
   what is the australian solution ? 
  do not allow any migrant on european soil . 
  keep them safe on a 3 ` rd party country - outside eu or in worst case scenario on eu islands ( while paying good money to that country ) . 
  afaik a top developer in ukraine or anywhere in ee has a better quality of life than in finland . 
  i was talking to my finnish developer friend and he got shocked when he learnt that a top developer in hungary can pay an 55 sqm apartment in full within 5-7 years while eating out almost daily . 
  finland just got 3000 fresh layoffs from nokia and microsoft and it 's planning to seek for eu help to cope with that ; source : http://abcnews.go.com/technology/wirestory/finland-seek-eu-aid-cope-microsoft-nokia-layoffs-39504806 so , yeah frickin totally credible article ... 
  southstream ( gush , i almost posted ss ) was scrapped due to ec decision . 
  sorry , who is the hypocrite again ? 
  i am reading the conditions for erm-2 and it looks to me like bulgaria would fully qualify . 
  what are the reasons for them not entering ? 
  nope , nope and nope . 
  i am sick and tired of this analogies . 
  once more : this poor souls dawning in the sea are coming from ** safe ** countries , lured by smugglers and wish of adventure - which can not be told about jews under nazis . 
  also why shall europe feel guilty about that ? 
  sorry again - it almost sounds like victim blaming !, 
  the more i read this type of articles , the more i think australian solution is the only way to go . 
  i always upvote comments/posts i reply to even if i disagree ( as per long forgotten rediquette ) . 
  i am really sorry then they did n't won . 
  my conspiracy theory is that putin will give cheaper gas in exchange of this . 
  i think it 's hard to run deficits with a pegged currency . 
  also if i am to trust google bulgaria has a debt to gdp ratio of 29 % so they are not financing it via loans either . 
  maybe it has something to do with law and regulations - let 's hope some bulgarian can chime in . 
  dude , that a lot !, 
  i would expect negative numbers , 
  i am surprised bulgaria is not meeting the criteria - they have pegged the leva to dm and then to eur for a very long time . 
  i wander what the percentage would be in best korea , 
  afaik they did n't participate to the tender, 
   imo more countries need to band together with a concrete proposal and say `` this is what we want , let 's vote on it , this is the support we have actually the proposal was backed by v4 but i guess they could n't influence merkel 's bulldozing her way through . 
  it was also present in mainstream news ( i remember seeing it on bbc and guardian ) but it 's like finding a needle in the haystack . 
  orban ( i still do n't like him ) proposed the following in september 2015 ( and obviously we were called xenophobe racist nazis for it ) :  viktor orb\u00e1n also has his own six-point plan of action .
