  that 's some title : so now s&p ratings are done as gifts to leaders who behave or not and not to the state of economy ? 
  anyway , there was no surprise , the market was expecting this - there was minimal movement ; last time upgrade was postponed due to brexit uncertainty . 
  i do n't even need a passport to travel around eu btw . 
  for the rest that would mean the remaining countries should accept me assuming my country goes full retard and wants to leave . 
   a lot would when they realise they can have a free passport to travel around the entire continent and a nationality that puts them on a level footing in terms of rights with roughly 500 million people . 
  we already have that . 
  what do you mean ? 
   and to be fair neither is a few refugees going to eastern europe , although you would n't know it from the comments on here :p haha , touche . 
   no but you can take a plane to the uk , get a job in mcdonalds then start claiming benefits and healthcare and education and everything else . 
  yup , that 's the same here : although nowadays government conditions benefits with work for the community ( basically cutting grass ) . 
  education is a different topic since we 're talking of kids , not parents . 
  also after unemployment help expires - it 's not forever ( assuming one does n't do communal work ) he is not entitled to any state benefits . 
  anyway , i remember seeing some statistics that less than 5 % of poles are on benefits so is it really such an issue ? 
   it 's an eu thing . 
  it 's because we have free movement of people not free movement of workers yes , but i ca n't just take a plane to uk ( or whatever rich country ) walk to the office and claim benefits ... eu citizenship means treat all eu citizens the same . 
  a hungarian ( in hungary ) will not have the right to health care ( except emergency ) if he has n't paid his contributions ( or being in an excepted category ) . 
  same for child care or mother care . 
  edit : clarification, 
  sadly , in hungary you can get emergency care but not much more - i have a bipolar friend whom got a crisis and spent 6 weeks on a state institution . 
  to my knowledge , ( could be wrong ) anti dep meds are not free . 
  a shrink visit is ~ 30-40eur / h. 
  double sadly there is still a strong stigma associated with mental illnesses . 
  - broke a leg - everyone feels bad about you . 
  broke a brain - not so much . 
   that said , the eu also gets the credit , unreasonably , for things it does n't quite do can you give me some examples ? 
  unless you can provide some statistics , i disagree with the first part . 
  because there are a gazillion studies showing that eu immigration was beneficial for uk on a macro level . 
  and anyway , parent post is like comparing immigration from quebec to ontario vs mena to canada . 
   at least while eu citizens have the same claim to the uk welfare state as domestic citizens do . 
  that 's not necessarily a eu thing but a national one . 
  i have recently helped an eu citizen with translation for getting a registration card . 
  she had to provide : proof of registration ( have a place to live ) , proof of payment for health care and proof of being able to support herself . 
  i 'd agree with you if many national governments would n't use eu as a scapegoat for unpopular measures . 
  edit : for all the lovely people who downvote me i challenge you to tell me an unpopular measure from your country which was n't sold by your governments as `` eu or imf asked us to do it '', 
  are you talking of chronic depression ( i.e. 
  you need to take pills ) or `` normal '' one ? 
  how much does a psychiatrist/psychologist charge in uk ? 
  that 's comparing apples with zebras , sir . 
  title is a bit misleading : it 's permanent residence , not citizenship . 
   even the smallest of things to brussels . 
  that 's not true . 
  they took our palinka away !, 
   amateur scatofilia enthusiasts club . 
  that 's certainly a new level of insult ... 
   i also do not think hungary will agree to getting hundreds of thousands you are right ; there was a piece of news last week claiming we were requested so far to take back 50k people . 
  we accepted a grand total of 4 . 
  around 70 % of population here have a good or very good opinion of ue . 
  and not even jobbik ( very right ) which was burning eu flags few years back wants to exit . 
  good read , thanks - i amend therefore my previous sentence : neither uk nor germany can be accused of hypocrisy wrt their financial contribution to the union . 
  president of the confused reporting in . 
  wait , what is this all about ? 
  well , glowing in the dark is more fun than having a third arm growing in my back !, 
  i mean , unless gmo causes a new eye on the back of my head as well . 
  in case the yurop reference was not enough : i am and was joking !!!!, 
  on a more serious note , personally , i have reservations wrt gmo but it does n't make sense to talk of gmo in general since each mutation is different and might ( or not ) produce different effects . 
  yes , i know , no gmo plant or animal will change my dna and turn me into a firefly . 
  that 's what gm viruses do !, 
  scratching my head now , dear sherlock . 
  m'kay , here 's the best thing i can come up with : the bulgarian fm was mentioning the funds will be cut from countries with low rates of utilization . 
  hungary , poland and czech republic are close to 100 % absorption . 
  that means it wo n't affect us ... and it wo n't affect ( too much ) countries with lower absorption either ( since they would n't have had utilized the funds anyway ) . 
  except maybe romania where the actual pm jump-started the eu funded projects . 
  on another hand i would have still expected anti-orban press here to claim in bold : `` orban 's stubbornness costs us 25 % of eu funds '' . 
  the mystery persists , still weird . 
  sir , imho , you can call germany hypocrites on couple of things but their financial contribution to the union is not one of them . 
   reduced vat call rates for the netherlands , sweden , germany and austria . 
  this vat it not a german special snowflake thing . 
  what is also interesting is that i do n't remember reading too much of it in hungarian media , not more info than in the english news ( something akin fms agreed to move funds from development to migrants ) - i mean i 'd expect titles like `` eu cuts funds by 25 % '' to be very prominent . 
  how was it presented in czech media ? 
  with all do respect , i do n't get your point . 
  are you saying that germany is like uk wrt cherry picking ? 
  hungary  is there any law that protects you by not getting fired by using you paid vacation days ? 
  companies are forced by law to give you all vacation days otherwise they can face hefty fines . 
  if i remember well , one can get 7 days whenever she wants , for the rest it has to be agreed with the management . 
   do you have to have a certain amount of seniority on your job ? 
  it starts with 20 working days ( i.e. 
  4 weeks ) then it keeps increasing with your age ( not seniority ) - for example a 50 + year old will get + 10 days . 
  additionally we get 2 days for first kid , 4 for second and 7 for third and above . 
   do you get half of paid vacation leave ? 
  you get the same since the leave depends on being employed and not on how many hours/week . 
  i can see the headlines in non-english media : in uk cats and dogs fall from the sky for the second time this week ... 
  fun fact : hungarians in hungary care about romania/hungarian minority just a bit more than romanians care of serbia/romanian minority . 
  you optimist/te optimista/optimistule . 
  here 's my nightmare scenario : hu : let them have the flag ro : that 's not legal hu : make it legal , it 's legal elsewhere in europe ro : nope , that 'll mean independence hu : no , we do n't want that ro : yes you secretly do hu : we were here first ro : no , we were here first hu : fu ro : fu, 
  you sure we want to discuss about this ? 
  usually romanian - hungarian discussions on reddit look like this : http://i.imgur.com/iwcxbxy.jpg ; each side claims to be the left one . 
  please tell me you are joking ... courtesy of / r/askscience : https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/wiki/planetary_sciences/climate, 
  and we wo n't need light bulbs anymore therefore saving the planet . 
  poland , you of genius !, 
  and after eating their products we will all glow in the dark . 
  no one knows for sure where hungarians come from ... some people even speak of a connection between hungarians and uighurs ( in china ) . 
  chinese does n't have gender pronouns either so finno-ugro-chinese, 
  probably not :  residence permits issued by countries outside the schengen area do not allow non-eu family members to travel visa-free to a schengen area country source : http://europa.eu/youreurope/citizens/travel/entry-exit/non-eu-family/index_en.htm but seriously , just call the a schengen state embassy, 
  i dream of having something like your anti corruption unit ... 
  fazakas is from mszp , orban 's arch-enemy . 
  if anything they 'd be happy about `` that thing '' . 
  he was merely the chair of the commission and he presented the results of the group work . 
  also hungary supported romania 's access to eu ; romania and bulgaria 's access to schengen were among top priorities when hungary had the ec presidency . 
  but sure , blame the bozgor ( tr . 
  pejorative for hungarian used in romania ) .
