  hungary has been crying wolf since march last year ; when orban was speaking about the necessity to control our borders , merkel was wir schafen dasing in the name of limitless humanitarianism . 
  so hungary should had done background checks on all 150k + people who applied for asylum ? 
  call me back when your country is done doing the background checks for the 800k + you currently got . 
  we have applied in full the eu/schengen law which requires registering all asylum seekers ( even against their will ) and we got mountains of shit for it . 
  oh , and by the way - as per some regulation we can not lock them in closed camps for the duration of assessing the asylum case . 
  - not that we 'd want to - that 'll be inhuman , amirite ? 
  we finally got some control over the schengen border with the dang fence - you know , that thing that got condemned by your leader and if i am not mistaken ( my apologies if i am ) by yourself as well . 
   even though hungary 's putative share would only be 1,294 people for the milionth time : the referendum is not about the 1294 people - for that one there 's the ecj decision expected in december . 
  and even assuming ecj rules against hungary , i do n't know how the 150 000 + asylum requests from last year or even the 15-30 / day we currently process will be counted/discounted . 
   we are humans with feelings too  i am sorry about the times when i was an ass towards you - really . 
   in general , how do you feel about the subreddit ? 
  still censoring too much . 
   do you believe it is better or worse than a year ago ? 
  way better . 
   how do you feel about the moderation of the subreddit ? 
  see above . 
   do you think our rules are on the spot , overbearing or underwhelming ? 
  i 'd still live the `` local news '' decision to the community - with up-down votes . 
  i do appreciate the no insults , etc one . 
  be careful with permabans without warning for `` agenda pushing '' or with any bans in general without warning . 
  edit : overall a positive experience and much improvement since the new mods ( aka those who do n't try to impose their views by force joined ) . 
  this article is more appropriate for / r/conspiracy - i mean i 'd love my country to be that important ( we are n't ) , but the potential effects of this referendum are way overblown . 
  also how it takes every controversial declaration orban did and makes it like is some grand plan with ... just no !, 
  referendum is not about the 1200 allocated so far . 
   greece get to pick how many refugees they house wait , is n't it so that turkey accepts them back under the agreement ? 
   the v4 countries never agreed with western immigration policies and were livid at the `` open germany '' mindset i 'm guessing parent also means governments so what 's the difference ? 
  but the brits could had blocked ee countries from joining , is n't it so ? 
   not surprisingly by a pole . 
  dude , you know you are opening pandora 's box with this sentence ... 
  i mean even nazi references but also if you consider that number of hate crimes in `` tollerant '' germany is far more than in poland . 
   and most of the time it 's from polish redditors seriously - ca n't you ignore his flair ? 
  i mean would his arguments be less or more if he 'd have a german or a generic flag ?? 
  thanks for sharing - as someone who spent hundreds of hours in ksp i find all this fascinating . 
  then sadly we get news like this : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/53uabx/measles_outbreaks_in_romania_3_children_have_died/, 
  the referendum will show an overwhelming 70 + % support for orban 's policy ; orban is not stupid to start a referendum he knows he wo n't win . 
  the question is if we 'll have 50 % participation rate to make it valid . 
  it is useless because regardless of result it wo n't result in any change . 
   hungarians will vote the way orban wants , as the majority of them have done for years . 
  actually at the last elections his party got ~ 45 % of votes so not quite a majority ... 
  lol no - just expect more stupid things than usually . 
  kind reminder : we 're having the useless referendum next week , parties are in election mode . 
  do n't take any public declaration too seriously, 
  http://burgenland.orf.at/news/stories/2769086/ - looks like it 's growing , 
  like anti vaxxers were not enough , now a new breed of morons . 
  sigh !, 
   we had the worst candidates ever , it 's fucking amazing . 
  do n't feel bad austrobro , just look at us . 
  also do you think we love dang orban ? 
  ( he 's the best of worst ) . 
  if you let everyone in austria then is crowd control indeed . 
  if you do n't or greatly limit the flow ( to let 's say 30 people/day ) there 's no difference . 
  sorry for not being clear , you misunderstood me . 
  i did n't claim romanian are gypsies - just that gypsies are way more visible both on street and in media - and that there 's no grand conspiracy to equate romanians with gypsies . 
  our `` measure of crowd control '' does the same - except that smugglers are assholes and they went around so we had to build it full length . 
  i think length is irrelevant , purpose is . 
  they are synonyms - hon comes from otthon , full explanation if you are into grammar : http://nyelvor.c3.hu/period/1281/128101.pdf - in hungarian . 
  i ca n't remember now a sentence where hon is used standalone but it 's used in many composed words : honvedseg ( home defence - army ) , honfoglalas ( home occupying ) , hontalan ( without country ) , etc. 
  i like the habsburg guy better  orban can be king 's hand . 
  would you mind waiting your turn ? 
  we 're the nazis now - you can be next . 
  after we 're done playing nazi we can play a new game : the austro-hungarian empire . 
  for some reason it has 5 star reviews in hungary but only 1 star in romania . 
  i guess authors messed the localization . 
  no idea - probably some go undetected and some go via smugglers . 
  are this people coming via hu-at border or is the total number entering austria ( also via slovenia ) ? 
  thanks - please do send me to sleep if i start speaking of ex german chancellor schrodinger , existing minister mazarin or the dutch diezelbloom . 
   people get paid writing this actually no , they are volunteers . 
  the point of the slogans is to sound silly on purpose because the serious message is `` stupid [ referendum ] question , stupid answers - cast an invalid vote '', 
  http://www.utinform.hu/ is up to date ( it also has english version ) . 
  in hungarian news at 16:50 they say austria stopped controls and traffic is normal . 
  ceausescu goes to visit in harghita - people cheering , flags , the whole thing . 
  one little boy was selected to give flowers to the presidential couple . 
  ceausescu , smiling takes the flower and asks `` what 's your name proud son of rome ? '' . 
  `` attila '' replied the boy . 
  no , that 's the hungarian state press . 
  it 's very fluid - austrians do n't inform ( for good reason ) in advance when they do controls . 
  in most cases they let small cars but control all closed space vehicles ( i.e. 
  vans ) . 
  however , sometimes they control all vehicles . 
  my advice is to set up waze and check the route there . 
  expecting the luxembourg guy to ask for austria to be kicked out of eu and strong condemnation from other leaders ( ~ ~ fenyman ~ ~ faymann included ) also , does austrian press say anything on why austria is afraid of uncontrolled crowds ? 
  i mean we allow ~ 30 people/day . 
  agree - it 's a pitty the gvnt removed the integration contract and benefits associated with it . 
  also there are many categories of locals - e.g. 
  dirt poor ones where family ca n't help the kids or kids growing up institutionalized which start from scratch but even people from other eu countries moving here . 
   now , refugees who receive asylum status in hungary `` fall in the same category as homeless people , '' said pardavi . 
  well , yeah , we 're that poor ; refugees are entitled to :  having equal access to social benefits , health care services and education , which they may use in the same way as hungarian citizens source : [ immigration office ] ( http://bmbah.hu/index.php?option=com_k2&amp;view=item&amp;layout=item&amp;id=425&amp;itemid=732&amp;lang=en ), 
  in hungarian home = h\u00e1zam ; home country = haz\u00e1m - i think he meant the later, 
   well , we 've come here first with startship enterprise !, 
  sir , that 's in the future ... that 'll mean you do n't exist yet or that dacs invented time travel which is a distinct possibility . 
  yes - although i do n't know if it 's possible to buy tickets from the international area - so that ticket should be bought in advance . 
  for the outbound flight they do n't really care how you get into the airport ( i.e. 
  via the entrance or via connecting flight ) . 
   people in lesbos are on the brink to riot themselves and throw everybody out of the island are those people as tough as people of crete ( which have a reputation of badass ) ? 
   nglish etcetera were indoctrinated to see no difference , they were n't indoctrinated . 
  the only romanian citizens many westerners ever saw are gypsies doing gypsy stuff . 
  add to that the unfortunate name similarity and you have it . 
  also kind reminder that whereas in region ( ee + balkans ) we distinguish between citizenship and nationality the rest of the planet does not . 
  for flights outside eu there are checks on the outbound flight to see if the name in the passport matches the name on the flight list . 
  so if he used the names in the passports to book the flights is doable .
