   at the keleti train station where 3000 people and 6 toilets correct - because the authorities have no fucking obligation on setting up a camp in the train station . 
  the actual camp was located in bicske ~ 20 km from budapest . 
   and you tell me they where offered places what is not true . 
  this is bs . 
  migrants were at keleti on their own will . 
  they turned violent when authorities tried to convince them to go to the camp . 
  i would appreciate if you 'll check out the facts . 
  it was august not winter . 
  also all migrants were offered places in camps . 
  now exfuckingscuseme if we did n't provided them accommodation where they wanted it . 
  he does n't have 2/3ds anymore luckily, 
   why would they keep the post ? 
  why not sell it or make ready for sale via an actual `` business bank '' ? 
  no idea - i guess the gvnt considers it of strategic importance . 
  in case of the post the logic was that if all spending is public that 'll be unfair advantage for private competitors who do n't have to do that . 
  the post had a bank which was sold to erste . 
  if you ask me they just want to give juicy contracts to friends without the public eye watching - e.g. 
  today 's news is that the mnb bought a building where they want to open a restaurant , winery and wine museum ... 
  in this case the national bank ( mnb ) owns few foundations . 
  also as the article said it applies for the hungarian post . 
  the idiotic logic is that now the laws of disclosure for public spending wo n't apply . 
  mnb came under fire lately for objectionable spending of public money . 
  government tried to hide this info but a judge ruled against - now they try to put it into law . 
  i hope it fails at constitutional court . 
  it 's actually worse in hungary - in this case they are creating new laws ... so the rule of law is respected . 
  just that is a veeeeeery bad law . 
  i really hope the constitutional court will reject it . 
   when the hungarian government decided to close the main train station in budapest . 
  the move also left some 25,000 migrants stranded , prompting berlin to intervene there 's a typo - it was 2.500 ; there 's no way keleti can fit 25 k people ... 
  fuck - again the similarities with hungary in aug-sept are striking . 
  all help for migrants in the train station was coming from private people and ngos ( government provided nothing because they wanted to force them into registration camps ) . 
  i remember seeing repeatedly on my fb feed messages like `` please stop bringing food and help , we are full '' . 
  when same thing happened in germany it was world news ... also on the 200 km road to austria there were volunteers providing water and food ( ok , for the first 30km they made before merkel opened the borders ) . 
   i do n't know why media in eu wo n't report it but its a sad truth . 
  that 's why i love reddit  get good local perspective - thank you good sir for providing it . 
  i respectfully , slightly disagree . 
   also , in august 2000 migrants ( out of their own will ) on a highway was a `` humanitarian '' thing . 
  today , 10 000 freezing at the border with macedonia are apparently not . 
  imo , this is a huge change in attitude - also if i understood correctly from g-translate `` macedonia and greece have to defend the external schengen border '' - this again is a big u turn . 
  just compare it with september statements ( quote from memory ) : `` fences are not an european solution and besides they do n't work '' . 
  you are correct , this changes do not affect the numbers yet - but after only one week of border closure it 's too early to draw conclusions . 
   if she was serious , she would actually start changing policies but policies are changing . 
  ranging from reduction in benefits to family reunification . 
  maybe a german person can correct me if i am wrong . 
  also , in august 2000 migrants ( out of their own will ) on a highway was a `` humanitarian '' thing . 
  today , 10 000 freezing at the border with macedonia are apparently not . 
   it is updated daily and claims 26.500 immigrants in greece , i visited this link a few days ago and the number was 21.000 . ok , this gets now weird : if currently in greece there are 26.500 migrants - where are the rest till 160 000 which are supposed to be redistributed ? 
  ( i doubt that in italy ) edit : i am not kidding or trolling - are the eu leaders so far from reality ? 
   yes they have a choice and they refuse . 
  for instance at victoria square there are as we speak 4 buses and they beg them to get in , in order to move them to a sheltered space ( like the old airport at elliniko ) . 
  it was exactly the same situation in hungary in august - which cause merkel 's `` humanitarian '' opening of the borders . 
  migrants insisted to stay in the train station instead of going to the camp 20 km from budapest , daily riots when police tried to register them and eventually they decided to walk the 200km to austria blocking the highway . 
  rhetoric question : why on earth the situation you describe is not covered in the so called non biased media ???? 
  anyway , thanks a lot for your answer and i hope the eu wo n't drag their feet and send the needed help . 
  it almost looks like she is slowly performing a 180 degree turn - 1 degree at a time . 
   if they where welcomed in your country instead facing hate they for sure not would run away . 
  currently the unemployment help in hungary is ~ 165 eur/mo . 
  no government will allocate more for refugees ( political suicide ) . 
  say , if we love them , do you think they will stay ? 
  also , sorry to say but imo wilkommenskultur did more harm than good . 
  italy agreed like 1-2 weeks ago . 
   greece does n't transport them to the border , they go there themselves that explains , thanks . 
  do they have a choice to be sent to a refugee camp and they chose the border or it 's just complete chaos ? 
  silly question : why does greece transports them to the border ?? 
  also - also it 's about damn time for eu to send help to greece . 
  i posted this a bit below : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/48aaxr/merkel_insists_no_change_of_course_on_migrant/d0i8o4f now please tell me - was anything even related presented in german media ? 
  because the english international media was way too busy with stuff like ... illiberal ... right wing ... populist ... xenophobic - all augmented with pictures of migrant woman and children . 
  also in aug-sept , the v4 did n't oppose quota - they opposed quotas without securing the borders first . 
  i guess after paris and koln it changed now . 
   i just pointed out that there are two sides , one supports national solution and one supports a european solution . 
  what bugs me is that we keep talking of merkel 's obviously failed european solution like it 'll be the only possible one without really considering any alternatives . 
   they 'd be invaded instantly by their muslim neighbours otherwise . 
  they tried in the past and failed miserably each time . 
  maybe a bad idea . 
   nobody else has a european solution . 
  just because you have n't heard of one that does n't mean there is none . 
  source : http://www.politico.eu/article/how-migrants-brought-central-europe-together-visegrad-group-orban-poland/  but the v4 does not only have a common position , it has a clear vision of a new eu system based on two principles : reducing the number of migrants arriving in the eu and increasing aid to refugees in the european neighborhood . 
   reduction can be achieved by actually implementing existing proposals to strengthen the external borders , including fighting traffickers ; using fences , naval blockades and forced returns ; and launching an assertive communications campaign to dissuade illegal travel to the eu . 
   extending help to refugees outside europe can be achieved through taking full care of existing refugee facilities in the eu 's neighborhood -- especially u.n. refugee agency ones across the middle east and africa -- where people in need will be protected from violence and persecution . 
  the eu itself would only accept asylum-seekers arriving from states on its borders , honoring the geneva convention 's first-country-of-asylum principal . 
   this principle means asylum-seekers do not have an absolute right to choose the country where they apply for protection . 
  they can accept refuge in the first safe country . 
  asylum-seekers coming to europe across africa or middle east from faraway countries would be deported to the asylum center closest to their country of origin . 
  in return , eu countries would voluntarily decide to carry out active resettlement programs from the u.n. refugee agency facilities . 
  thanks to this , incentives to undertake dangerous sea crossings would decrease . 
   policy on legal migration would remain a prerogative of individual eu countries . 
  however , any immigration policy should be accompanied by integration measures , which would emphasize the adoption of european liberal democratic values and would actively counter the spread of extremist ideologies , such as islamism , among migrants and their descendants . 
   kind of `` cutting off '' a part of greece as a detention center doesnt go well with people . 
  trouble is that none of the solutions will go well with people - except maybe bribing turkey - but as we see it ' t not working too well :(, 
  good point . 
  ok , if there is nothing europe can do to stop them from coming , the logical solution is to try to contain the problem while providing maximum amount of help to greece . 
  ca n't really comment unless we know how `` fair '' was defined for this survey . 
  i could argue that the last bailout certainly excluded the will of greek people as expressed in the referendum . 
  was that european ? 
  also what makes you sure that a european solution including greece while not protecting the schengen external borders is even possible ? 
  apparently it has more support in europe than the `` european '' solution ... you know , the one which managed to distribute 300 people . 
   what she means is that she continues to prefer a european solution over national solutions no she prefers ** her ** european solution over everything else . 
  the convention does n't requires germany to give them juicy benefits  what is says it 's that all cases should be considered individually - not even that people should be allowed to enter - for example hungary and norway handle requests at the border ( technically outside of the country ) . 
  how well the neighbors are cooperating is equally important . 
  i 'll doubt that austria will start dropping people randomly at the border with germany .
