  when were the times you ( us ) did n't leave us to our fates ? 
  ( btw : i mostly agree with us ambassador ), 
  this article ca n't be trusted since german media is misleading !, 
  you are correct . 
  countries whom voted against the quotas have all freedom to contest the legality of the decision . 
  if it comes out it 's a legal decision we should take the refugees . 
  there are two reasons i am butthurt ( and do n't claim to speak for others ) : - all this bs talk about solidarity - merkel basically said my way or the highway - with little or no discussion . 
  for less serious things they talked their asses of until managed to reach a common conclusion . 
  brb , there is someone banging at my door . 
  also black vans outside . 
  i did n't got a vote for politicians in other constituencies either . 
  this reminds me on when romania 's prime minister declared that `` as a prime minister i support the law , as a deputy i 'll vote against it '' . 
  roses are red , violets are blue , if you are trouble , russia wars you . 
  before putting whole ee in the same basket i 'd kindly remind you that poland voted for accepting the mandatory quota . 
  rumor goes that he 's internet illiterate so i doubt it , 
   and does everything to try and curb democratic rights not really . 
  there was nothing curbing people 's rights . 
  i demonstrated against him just fine and without fear of being shot or something . 
  what did happen is that his party changed the limits of constitutional court or put their friends in charge of other institutions ( which should be independent ) like the media overseeing board . 
  granted , there were attempts to make hostile media more friendly by economical means but luckily this failed - e.g. 
  largest tv station ( rtl ) is quite anti . 
  so trust me , he 's not the dictator presented in media imo . 
  also , luckily for us , brussels pushed back some laws and they were changed . 
   we going to repeat this ad nauseam ? 
  we 're on reddit , so yes , we will do  i agree with what you say , unfortunately most people have no clue on how eu works or what exactly we signed up for . 
  orban was elected very democratically . 
  just saying . 
  nobody argues we should n't shelter people fleeing certain death . 
  the argument is wrt out of the big inflow currently transiting europe , how many people do actually qualify for the above situation . 
   in my city most households can choose between like 6 or more providers something is terribly wrong there . 
  my price went down 3 times and my bandwidth ( aka improperly called speed ) doubled when the second provider ( granted very aggressive one ) cabled the area . 
  currently i have 60mb/s for 13 eur/mo . 
  yes , that 's obviously 1 gb/s . 
  i do n't use them but their web page does n't have the usual * next to unlimited word so i guess it 's really unlimited . 
  in hungary i can get 1g internet for 5000huf/mo ( ~ 17 eur ) . 
  the secret ? 
  having two providers available . 
  i remember reading in at&t vs netflix that at&t created network congestion by limiting the number of peering links in the exchange . 
  hope telekom wo n't do the same . 
  huh , how so ? 
  we will see what will happen when the migrants will try to go around or inflow to austria will exceed inflow to slovenia . 
  for the record , initially our great fence was used purely to channel everybody to certain points . 
  anyway , got ta love how the narrative changed from fence bad , no fence good to big fence bad small fence good , 
  then they 'll just update the small print and make it legal . 
  as i said , they disappeared so the process could not be finished . 
  anyway , before the current crisis hungary had a rather low approval rate compared to germany or sweden . 
  let 's count them a week from now  hungary had more than 100 000 asylum requests ( so i kind of disagree that we did n't `` take them '' ) but more than 70 000 disappeared shortly thereafter . 
  ( that does n't mean the rest of 30 000 are here , just that the authorities did n't process the requests yet ) . 
  you mean letting in ( as in granting asylum ) or letting pass through ? 
  because slovenia and hungary totally have the obligation to do what they are told , right ? 
   if ( and i really hope it wo n't happen ) you 'll have drowned people , who do you think will be considererd morally guilty - slovenia for not letting them out or austria for not letting them in ? 
  i do n't know the geography of the place but is it 10km with water on both sides ? 
  ( my question was wrt migrants just going around the fence then marching towards gratz ) . 
  also , there is a risk that if registration is too slow , they will tear down the fence and go thorough it . 
  you do know what a pr disaster that 'll be ... ( not disagreeing with you ) . 
  yeah , my parents put him hot paprika in his milk ( by accident ) . 
  done . 
  did n't diss anyone , must be my evil twin brother . 
   how are less than 10 kilometer of fence ( ? ), 
  that ensure people next to a border crossing do n't cross a few hundred meters in the field , walk around the camp there and jump the bus line comparable to what hungary did ? 
  difference is that hungary could n't count on serbia to bring people only at agreed points . 
  also there were strong people smuggling networks basically crossing the border at will . 
  what will you do if 2000 migrants decide to walk the 10 km and go around ? 
   also refugees are treated quite well in austria , both in transit and asylum seekers . 
  do n't know man , do a google on it . 
  not to speak of those thousands currently freezing at the border but yes , they are not in austria . 
  do n't get me wrong , i am not accusing you or austria of anything , but with proper angles of filming you can present any chaotic situation as inhumane . 
  the thing i am pissed of at is hypocrisy . 
  edit : removed link to yahoo news since it seems it gets auto-removed ( not by our mods ), 
  you sir , have a bright political career in front of you :d, 
  i 'll gladly read any sources you provide . 
   nobody is making them sleep outside , they are doing this on their own . 
  those at the slovenian borders are doing it because austria would n't let all of them in . 
  as for the ones on foot you should ( at least hungary was told we should ) : - provide accommodation on the path - activate the 100 + volunteers to go and save them, 
  i did n't claimed the opposite , just pointing that it 's easy to make a judgement based on few titles in the media . 
  ok , got it , thanks a lot for clarification . 
   do you agree that it 's pointless to let people cross the border so they can request asylum it 's because of legalese . 
  hungary can not know ( from a legal standpoint ) that all people crossing are safe in serbia and all cases have to be considered individually as per human rights conventions . 
  but for example , you could have serbian citizens fleeing persecution as well . 
   the austrian fence is about controlling the flow of those coming in if controlling the flow will ** not ** end up in a build-up in slovenia i 'll agree with you . 
  anyway , we 'll know it in a day or two . 
   latest law changes in hungary , serbia is considered a safe country . 
  correct me if i am wrong but i thought also germany considers serbia as a safe country . 
  anyway , the process basically goes like this : - did you applied to asylum in serbia ? 
  - if no , go back please - if yes , do you have proof that the asylum application was mishandled by serbian authorities - if no , go back please as far as i can remember only a handful of cases were accepted ( mostly unaccompanied minors ) . 
  this law is under investigation by brussels - especially on the parts regarding refugee rights of being correctly informed . 
  i doubt brussels can overrule hungary 's right to send people back to serbia though . 
  b-but , austrian chancellor nailed hungary for doing the same . 
  also , i expect austria to take at least the same amount of scolding from the mainstream press with politicians declaring `` this is not an european solution '' and `` it reminds me of our continent 's darkest times '' and some more / s, 
  the rules say you can not prioritize one type of traffic over other . 
  your 1kb/s would be very democratic and apply to all data traffic to your device . 
   they 're gon na build a great big wall made in china !, 
  my sides ... the official name of our great fence is `` technikai hat\u00e1rz\u00e1r '' which translates to `` technical border closure '', 
  roaming abolition means you 'll be charged the same when abroad with what your 'd pay at home . 
   do the new roaming rules apply to unlimited calling/texting/data plans as well ? 
  yes they do . 
  however , most `` unlimited '' offers are n't really unlimited ( data cap ) . 
  moreover , the operators do n't guarantee the bandwidth . 
  so if you use the service too much you might end up having unlimited access at 1kb/s  ca n't the telecoms just exorbitantly raise the local prices to make up for losses incurred by free roaming ? 
  of course they can , that 's why it 's healthy to have competition .
