  also this surplus was achieved by following the said `` austerity '' ( i prefer the term `` balanced budget '' ) - assuming any relief will happen that 'll eat up the primary surplus quite fast . 
  ` could have a deal ' had the same probability as me launching a rocket to mars in 24 h . some more : `` we intend to pay every creditor , '' the official , yanis varoufakis told a lunch meeting at the european business summit in brussels . 
  `` we certainly intend to pay the i.m.f. , and we will pay . '' did n't he also said that he has plans for both scenarios of the result of the referendum ? 
  and `` there will be no capital controls '' ... 
  `` regardless of the results of the referendum will have a deal in 24h '' ... 
  man , this is depressing . 
  they will never manage to come with something like this by sunday . 
  does it means there is no chance ? 
  in china receipts have a scratch-able area . 
  you scratch and know instantly if you won ( and the shop is obliged to give you the money ) . 
  promising that banks will reopen on tue and a deal will be signed in 24h for example . 
  not really . 
  so far , we paid to the last penny . 
   the only reason you are pointing to germany now the only reason i am pointing to germany is because the post title talks about `` mean germans '' , 
  around here the general feeling is that greece should stop whining . 
  regular folk hears about greece having 13 % vat and opposing the raise . 
  we have 27 % ... and the examples could go on . 
  also germany is extremely well perceived . 
  honestly i do n't think any of the countries from the ex communist block which are happy with greece . 
   austerity measures are killing our country honestly , after watching the last 2 weeks of the circus it looks to me that your government is finishing it faster . 
  yes , but he could had also said nothing rather than outright lie . 
  sad to say , goodbye greece :(, 
  unrelated ( based on your bulgarian flair ) : is it true that before leva got pegged to dm ( late '90s ) the situation in bulgaria was so bad that there were advertisements on - `` looking for partner to buy a frozen chicken '' - i remember reading something like this in the press . 
  sorry , i do n't get it !, 
  why ca n't they print their own currency or issue ious ? 
  ( they ca n't print euros , that is true ) . 
   he said could true . 
  i could launch a space mission to mars tomorrow then   it will be dragged till the end of the week me thinks you are optimistic . 
  just remembered : was n't he saying 2-3 months ago that greece will repay their debts in full . 
  and also , last week that there will be no capital controls ... only to impose them few hours later . 
  the latest narrative was that bank deposits are safe , makes you think on what 's next ... . 
  honestly , i 'd prefer we help ukraine and moldova ( both close to default ) - with strings attached wrt fight against corruption . 
  people there are having way worse lives than in greece . 
   if they default the creditors will suffer substantial loses , definitely more than compared to a haircut care to explain why you think so ? 
  also kindly reminding you that a 100b eur haircut already happened . 
  did you see a change ? 
  also , let 's not neglect the risk that if we pump more money into greece , they will default anyway 2-3 years from now . 
   putting greece on a growth path within the currency union . 
  and this is the key point . 
  does greece has a capable government to put it on a growth path or will ez keep throwing money into a black hole ? 
  also , as i said , default does n't mean erasure of debt . 
  there are many ways the debtors can act ( e.g. 
  freezing greek assets abroad ) to make sure they get paid back . 
   i said that an end to austerity will at least give get the creditors some of their money back . 
  the implicit assumption to your sentence is that greece has a responsible government who will use the money for job creation while reducing the corruption in the ** system ** . 
  based on past experiences , personally , i find it hard to believe - backed up by the fact that money are fleeing greece . 
  i mean , i would n't save my money if i trust my government , do i ? 
  however , the only way to test my previous assertion is to let greece default !, 
  something in the line of : ok , you can devaluate your currency , let 's see if you can fix your economy while keeping a stable inflation . 
  also , just because a country defaults it does n't mean they do n't have to pay back anything and they just get a free card . 
   330 million eurozone citizens they represent . 
  sir , you are one of the few who brings this aspect into this ugly narrative of bad troika/banks vs poor greeks . 
  i bow in front of you . 
  honestly , since we keep hearing the word democracy , the most democratic thing to do is for all ez members is to ask their citizens : you can deduct from your taxes a part of your choice which will go to greece . 
  please be aware that that part would mean less money for our teachers/doctors/investments / etc - and then see what will happen . 
  edit : grammar, 
  honestly , do you really think anyone still expects greece will pay their debt ever ? 
  i am really curious how they are going to have a deal in 24h . 
  even assuming the troika manages to agree internally on what the deal is ( which in itself it 's not likely in 24h ) it also has to pas through several parliaments , most of them being in vacation already . 
  so you are sure that everybody read and understood the proposal , right ? 
  sad thing is that the yes and no camps seem to vote on different issues . 
  scary indeed !, 
  thanks a lot for sharing . 
  ok , this is the first time i hear this fear . 
  would you please elaborate a bit ? 
   do you want to accept the final proposals given to greece prior the end of negotiations ? 
  that 's kind of a contradiction in terms , 
  one thing i do n't get from all of this : why do you expect the ez to foot the bill again ? 
  eli5 : economically very dire for the next 1-2 years . 
  on a long term no one knows . 
  eli15 : a no vote would most certainly bring in a local currency . 
  while there are a bunch of examples where this helped there is an equally bunch of example where it did n't help ( e.g. 
  ultimately it will boil down to the trust the greek citizens have in their government and in their currency and on how competent the said government is . 
   more negotiations take place and a short term deal is reached . 
  i 'm afraid that wo n't be possible . 
  any new deal has to be approved by a few parliaments of ez . 
  even assuming there would be some goodwill towards greece ( there is n't ) it 'll keep a while . 
  i have both a daily and transaction size limit ( set by myself ) so it 's definitely in the software already . 
  the banks would just need to apply it to everybody . 
   it is perfectly possible to run a deficit without crippling levels of inflation . 
  absolutely agree . 
  if case the population trusts their currency and the government controls it . 
  otherwise you go zimbabwe . 
  so the big unknown , regardless of the negotiation outcome , is that how competent greece 's government is . 
   preventing any anti-austerity or centre-left alternative being possible why would they want that ? 
  remember that the eu parts of troika are elected so destroying the eu economy will look bad for their own voters . 
  printing money will not solve anything because of depreciation . 
  a pension of 500e would be worth 300e one year from now basically meaning less money for the people = = austerity . 
  sad truth is that inflation always hits harder the people relying on the state . 
  also let 's not ignore the danger of greek banks collapsing leading to liquidity problems for companies leading to bankruptcies leading to more unemployment ... 
   i would quote your comment but i do n't know how to do it , so i 'll just copy paste the part i want to quote . 
  easiest way to quote is to select the part you want to quote then hit the reply button . 
  also formatting help button might come in handy , 
  this is exactly what the greek negotiators were counting for . 
  looks like they overestimated a bit . 
  ... or do you think that the troika is not painfully aware of the decision of not extending the deal ? 
  to end austerity you 'll need money !, 
  where will that money come from ? 
  they do n't need to forbid using other currencies . 
  it 's enough if they force any capital in and out flow going through some institution for a controlled exchange rate .
