  i do n't get it . 
  if someone is against immigration , is that making him/her automatically racist ? 
  c'mon , if the conviction rate would be 50 % the opponents would cry about the gross injustice ( given the low conviction rate ) . 
   we need king orban to rule europe . 
  viktor felcsutborn of house orban , king of hungary and protektor of europe , creator of the wall , first of this name . 
   need to find new enemies you are probably correct , lol . 
  most commentators on the thread seems to have no idea about the political situation in hungary . 
  since this whole immigrant story ( and tough stance on them ) orban 's party stopped falling in the polls and increased a little . 
  they wo n't stay here , do n't worry . 
  nokia , ericsson , alcatel ... not a single one did . 
  actually nokia did - the communicator - it just did n't had a touch screen , 
  nope : http://company.nokia.com/en/about-us/our-company, 
  it 's hard to tell . 
  nokia does n't allow anyone to hold more than 5 % of the stock if i remember it right . 
  list of biggest shareholders in nokia : http://company.nokia.com/en/investors/stock-information/biggest-shareholders, 
  you can be fined for not having replacement bulbs as well , you know ? 
  my friend is definitely not doing it out of fear but due to duty to the well-being of finland !, 
  for most of europe that would n't qualify as lying and cheating but taking advantage of the system ... ( i am not saying i disagree with you , quite the contrary ) . 
  k , deleting . 
  scratching my head , i think it was an reddit comment ; if no finnish redditors confirm/decline this i 'll delete my post . 
  an example of finnish mentality - anecdote . 
  was chatting with my finnish friend ( has 3 kids ) on state benefits for children . 
  he tells me that should his spouse claim they live separately they 'll get more money from the state . 
  i asked him `` why do n't you do that ?????? '', 
  his answer `` nooooo , that would be cheating !!! '', 
  having an entire country dependent on one company is not too wise imo ... 
  this should be the top comment on any thread complaining of `` austerity '' . 
   software is replacing paper in bureaucracies c'mon - you 'll not wipe your bottom with an ipad !, 
   the problem is not to have the vat at 27 % or 23 % or whatever . 
  the problem is the sudden climb from 6 % to 23 % . 
  no tourist will compare the prices from the remote restaurants to home country - because then you 'll have no hungarian tourists  in other words , in the touristic areas , everybody will compare prices vs the next door restaurant , since the increase applies to everybody it wo n't be noticeable . 
  also the tourists that greece wants will not care if a dinner is 20 or 22 eur but rather look for quality . 
  you are right that this might impact restaurants catering for locals but i would n't call that a blow to the tourist industry . 
  do you agree ? 
   it happened like that in portugal and it was devastating . 
  do you have some more info ? 
  ( never heard anything about it ) - and bairo alto was still buzzing last time i was there . 
  and then he creates the orban dinasty and builds a big pyramid in felcs\u00fat , next to the useless stadium !!!, 
   just for starters , an immediate raise on the vat for restaurants and tourism from 6 % to 23 % will devastate the industry and you are claiming this based on ????? 
  i 'm in the country with the highest vat in europe ( 27 % ) and tourism is doing fine , thanks . 
   this is actually one of the biggest reason why the very nature of state-supported capitalism broken do you know a better one ? 
  and actually working one , not some kumbaya hypothesis ? 
  some of the policies imposed on greece are supposed to make them more competitive and increase the ease of doing business there . 
  for example , before bailout # 2 ( i think ) the press was full with articles on the kafka-esque greek bureaucracy . 
  no idea how is it now . 
  also everyone agrees greece has `` structural problems '' - this measures are supposed to help alleviate some of them . 
   in summer finland you mean both days ? 
  trust me , just visit oulu in mid summer day and you 'll be dancing the mosquito dance within minutes . 
  tbh , helsinki has much less of them . 
  must be due to the sweedes  < - jk, 
  misleading title ; the fence construction just barely started with a `` trial '' version - it 's certainly not confronting anyone for the time being . 
  no offence , but after visiting finland , i thought mosquito are your national animal ( or they should be ) . 
  -  / r/showerthoughts, 
  not trolling or anything but as far as i remember more than 3 million romanians left the country . 
  sure , let me know when you find a country like you describe . 
   anti austerity is n't an option you say for the anti austerity to be an option someone should foot the bill . 
  i wander who would that be . 
  and greeks revolting will not make a magic rain of euro , will just fubar their country . 
  any people on the planet are against austerity . 
  that 's why in most countries you can not have referendums on fiscal things . 
  as many people said , you guys have a choice between a known evil ( stay in the ez ) at the price of austerity and an unknown evil ( grexit ) which will be way worse for 6-12 months with a theoretical potential of getting out of hole after . 
  i also think that many of the reforms currently on the table should happen regardless of the two options . 
  one thing which really surprised me ( in a bad way ) is the attitude of the greek ship owners , quote from memory `` if they raise the taxes will move somewhere else '' ... 
  i mean , whole europe should show solidarity except for the greek ship moguls . 
  i r disappoint in them . 
  in other words , for the next 1-3 years the choice is between bad and bad bad . 
  you can hold a weekly referendum if you want to but the situation wo n't change unfortunately :( . 
  which one would you prefer ? 
  edit : i want eu to help greece to help themselves even if that means my tax money going there ( with serious strings attached of course ) . 
  here is the recipe : 1 . pass the anti corruption laws 2 . 
  have independent anti-corruption institutions 3 . 
  raise the salaries of magistrates 4 . 
  nominate incorruptible people on top of said institutions 5 . 
  have the secret service helping 6 . 
  brace for impact  there is more to romanian anti-corruption than it makes into the international news like corrupt doctors or recently tens of teachers and hundreds of students being investigated for cheating at high school graduation exams . 
  come visit hungary . 
  around here is quite common to use cl ( centiliters ) for shots ~ 1 shot = 4 cl = 40 ml or dg ( dekagrams ) when buying food . 
   will the banks reopen ? 
  varoufakis said : `` of course they 'll open !, 
  of course ! '' when will that be ? 
  he replied : `` on tuesday . '' will the banks reopen with or without a deal between greece and its creditors ? 
  varoufakis said : `` with a deal , which is a certainty . '' he could had said something in the line of `` the banks will reopen once we will have a deal which i hope will be within 24h '' . 
  his statement had no economical impact ( since the banks were closed already ) but intended to the electorate at referendum . 
  so , i 'd also call it a lie . 
  more like game of thrones to be honest . 
  guess who 's cersei , 
  can those ious be used as legal tender ? 
  ( sry , do n't know the california situation ) . 
  and how do you think the ez would had reacted ? 
  to me , this sounds almost like the cartoon with spiras holding a gun at his own head while demanding money ... only with the bullet moving already . 
  do i get it right that basically v-man wanted the grexit ? 
  how about labor market liberalization ? 
  disagree . 
  greece should had taken the offer two weeks ago instead of walking out . 
  ... after that it was only downwards . 
  now it got so down that it might be possible that schauble to believe a grexit is better . 
  do they say what on earth is imf doing in this whole thing ? 
   greek gov has a primary budget surplus . 
  more like it rather had one . 
  the effects of 2 weeks and counting of bank vacation will be severe .
