   autocratic behaviour is not necessarily connected to dictatorship , it merely means behaving like one a key difference imo is that a dictator will not tolerate any dissent and will move to physically remove dissenters . 
  very good point . 
  on one hand i fully agree with you - one should know the local laws and follow them , on another hand i ca n't deny someone a new chance just because he got a conviction at some point in his life . 
  geez dude , chill . 
  in other words , the reason he was convicted in us might be a reason he would n't get convicted in a european country . 
  edit : the only drugs i do are cigarettes and alcohol . 
  sorry to tone you down a bit . 
  in order to secure a work permit , you need a signed contract with a company . 
  very few companies will sign a contract without meeting you first in person . 
  once you have a work permit , after a while ( it 's country dependent ) you can apply for a permanent residence permit . 
  once you have that you can go independent/freelancer - i know some native english speakers who do this in budapest . 
  the good news is the generally speaking , in europe , companies do n't ask for a background check nor for a drug test . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you but do n't be so harsh without knowing the details . 
  maybe he lives in the wrong state and got caught with few joints in his pocket . 
   see this is more about critizing hungary 's decision to close the border and entirely and put a fence is one thing this is just not true !, 
  borders are open , schengen visa holders can enter , anyone can apply for asylum at any border crossing . 
  we just stopped uncontrolled migration !, 
  shall we tear down the fence and tell all migrants germany 's that way btw ? 
  again , any country can defend their borders by choosing whom to allow in . 
  this is written basically in all international treaties related to the borders of a country !, 
  if i may say , this is even higher than geneva convention because all countries ( except russia ) recognize inviolability of other countries borders !, 
  also , if you check eurostat you 'll see that hungary ( like any other eu countries ) has accepted asylum requests since eurostat exists !, 
  yes , they are much less than for germany ( i agree ) but stating that `` hungary rejects all asylum requests is plain wrong ! '' . 
  we are not the only country in the eu considering that someone coming from a safe country can not get the refugee status . 
  good , bad , this is our law - and sorry , i do n't want germany dictating our laws !, 
   i think most people get at least by now that you have to reduce the flow of refugees somehow welcome to reality . 
  i guess it did n't made it to german news but orban declared in august that `` it 's useless to talk about quotas unless we agree how to stop the inflow '' ( or something like this ) . 
  my advice is to check at the embassies of prague ( you meant czech republic ) / poland . 
  i seriously doubt you can transfer probation to any other country . 
  on another hand they might not care that much about your past . 
  you drunk ? 
   ( typos intensifying )  well that simply wo n't happen . 
  i think germany willa ctively workto reduce the flow but not saying that we ont take in people i thought so . 
  but i call hypocrisy on one hand showing the moral superiority and on another working with the countries and solutions that you criticize ( e.g. 
  fences , turkey & human rights , etc ) . 
   austria also took in massive number of people ( the same number as germany per capita ) do you have the number on how many of the asylum seekers in austria are still there ? 
  because last month hungary still had the highest number of asylum requests/capita in the whole eu !, 
  ( none stayed here ) . 
   you know there was already a prediction for 800k people for germany before there was any statement or willkommenskultur ? 
  germany as a economic superpower is a very strong magnet . 
  willkommenskultur just magnified the attraction ten fold . 
  that 's why i am saying that unless it is publicly denounced and you go full denmark for example , you will still be the migrant magnet of the planet . 
   no but hungary declined any responsibility so if hungary and austria do the same thing but austria agrees with germany on the `` german solution '' austria is cool and hungary sucks ? 
  btw : wan na bet that the 160k distribution will never be implemented ? 
   it does n't work under strain sorry to say , but as long as you do n't publicly denounce repeatedly the #wilcommenkulture there will be a strain on your country . 
  otherwise , as i said in other posts `` you welcom 'em , you keep 'em '' . 
   it 's not like austria had much of a choice and hungary did ? 
   because letting people apply for asylum is their right according to the geneva convention sure thing . 
  but letting people cross 7 borders in order to apply for asylum in germany is not . 
   also as for the solution with turkey at least here on reddit you see a ton against that . 
  i prefer to form my own opinions , reddit is just a source of information . 
   have you seen the outcry over the 3 billion that aresupposed to be paid to turkey ? 
  hungary 's original proposal was actually higher if i remember well . 
  also the outcry was more wrt removing visas for turkey and promises to fast track their membership rather than the 3b which is peanuts . 
   but apparently that was just interpreted as `` send everyone to germany '' . 
  we sent them to the austrian border , btw . 
  is it now our fault that austria let them in ? 
   then what is the solution for those people coming to apply for asylum ? 
  current european solution - involving turkey ( to which no one objected ) seems to me like a step in the right direction . 
  also i do n't understand why germany seems to consider that unless they let everyone in ( and the dog and the kitchen sink ) that 'll be a violation of the geneva convention . 
   then why does hungary not accept any refugees according to the geneva convention . 
  it does . 
  all asylum requests are handled in accordance to geneva convention . 
  now ex-fucking-scuse us if we do n't consider refugees those who refuse to apply for asylum . 
  also my deepest apologies for applying the hungarian law in hungary . 
   also how is funneling refugees from one country to another not pushing the burden on that other country . 
  kindly reminding that merkel asked us to do it to `` avoid a humanitarian catastrophy '' when you had 4000 people marching on highway towards austria . 
   also how is funneling refugees from one country to another not pushing the burden on that other country . 
  see above with the humanitarian thing . 
  also ask the same question to greece , macedonia , serbia , croatia and austria . 
   what i would have liked if hungary worked closely with the rest of europe towards a solution funnily , the current solution is much closer to hungary 's original proposal . 
  also i/hungary do n't consider the initial `` european solution - aka let 's distribute everyone '' a solution at all . 
  can we agree that every country on this planet has the right to decide who crosses their border ? 
  orban repeatedly said that our fence is the second best option . 
  also there is no `` pushing of burden '' unless you count `` put them on train from one border to another '' as a burden . 
  anyway , what would had you liked us to do ? 
  stop them from exiting ? 
  nobody is pushing except maybe for the migrants themselves . 
  hungary cried out loud countless time about common eu border defense . 
  when others were kindof meh we said fuck this , we do it ourselves . 
  at least for now , for us , it seems fences do work . 
  they were ww2 collectors - unearthed some ww2 stuff after searching it with a metal detector . 
  the anti terror police made fools of themselves with this one . 
  the judge declined to arrest them ( case so week ) . 
  ok then , feel free to occupy us two times and integrate both hungary and magyarorszag , 
  i thought porto rico ? 
  reminds me of the joke from communist times that we shall declare war on us then surrender immediately and become the 52 ` nd state . 
   for the month of october 53.5 % percent of asylum applications in germany were from syrian citizens this ignores people who do n't bother to register and also people whom do n't speak arabic but still claim to be syrian . 
  anyway , assuming 53.5 % is right , does it justifies calling them en masse `` syrian refugees '' . 
   almost all went to western europe because kempinski is better than mcdonalds ? 
   anyway , i was not debating who is right or not , just explaining why ee people have this attitude . 
   but how do these people differ from people coming from syria ? 
  demographics and proximity ( if i 'm followed by thugs i 'll enter the closest mcdonalds and not keep running till kempinski ) . 
  also i thought less than half are from syria . 
  in public view they look something like this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4bba9ronvi also come from a neighboring country . 
  it 's as bad as an idea as increasing taxes - i was joking . 
  i can understand why the average folk feels that way . 
  but it 's a asymmetric thing : contributing citizens feel directly they give something from their pocket ( via taxes ) , receiving citizens get no money in their pockets . 
  as of refugees , the general attitude is that `` you welcomed 'em , you keep 'em '' . 
  otherwise it 'll sound as germany said `` refugees are welcome ... in ee ''  trust me , noone would have a problem of receiving `` real refugees '',
