   although i think that it is actually legal doubt it , you can not lock down people who committed no crime , but i 'm far from being an expert in international law . 
  building a camp that would keep everyone in means basically imprisoning them . 
  not very european imo - and probably breaking some international laws as well . 
  distributing them wo n't be an issue , keeping them there will - since you ca n't really put them in guarded camps . 
  so at the end they 'll end up anyway in the countries they were targeting . 
  orban has a long history of saying one thing and not doing it . 
  for example : there were a lot of media reports on hungary being russia 's trojan horse in the eu . 
  however , you did n't see hungary blocking any of the sanction rounds against it . 
  however , it is a mystery to me why , oh why , his government keeps shooting themselves in the foot like with the mandatory sunday close of shops or the ( hopefully gone ) internet tax . 
  agree , although they will got what they cooked - i.e. 
  this winner takes all electoral system . 
  anyhow , i am really scared on the perspective of jobbik winning since the socialist fractions do n't seem to be able to pull their shit together . 
  ... and i also decry the absence of a true liberal party :(, 
   but just because they fail to make a payment does n't mean they ca n't use the euro fully agree !, 
  any country on the planet can use eur as long as they have reserves to do that !, 
   what 's got them in trouble temporarily is a lack of immediate funding no !, 
  what got them in trouble is a dysfunctional private-public relationship which used to be fueled by cheap loans towards the public sector . 
  as long as there are no reforms , sry , i wo n't believe in a greek recovery . 
  first at all , thanks a lot for answering . 
  you raise some interesting points but i am not sure they hold ( could be wrong , of course ) :  a household is dependent upon how much money it can accrue a ( most ) households will have bank debt , primarily for purchase # 1 ( house ) and # 2 ( car ) . 
   a sovereign state with its own currency can print at will . 
  agree !!!!!, 
  greece should n't had ever entered the euro zone and that is the main reason for the convergence program ( which greece cheated ) . 
   and is only really beholden to inflation . 
  which can go sky-high ... 
  i still vividly remember romania '91 with 120 % yearly inflation ( not fun ) . 
   the other thing is that debt can be carried over perpetually . 
  true , assuming you pay the interest . 
   none of that is possible for a household . 
  the only thing not possible in a household in most of europe is to go bankrupt !, 
  i thought you are making an analogy ... because for example having an ltd ( limited society or something ) with debts will put you in a different category than an individual household . 
  but nevertheless , money inn < money out in case of greece !, 
   the price of letting greece fall is way bigger than the price of giving concessions to them . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  us is a bad example imo ( i do n't know anything about uk ) . 
  ecb is just pumping a ton of money into the economy ( like fed did ) . 
  also you do n't hear about washington bailing out wisconsin or south dakota . 
  instead , you hear about detroit going bankrupt , and states firing/reducing civil servants ( closing schools , reducing police/firefighter coverage , etc ) . 
  you do n't see in us people demonstrating against the federal government basically asking `` give more money to our state '' . 
  or telling , california voted they will not pay their debts . 
  so what are we talking about ? 
  respectfully asking some us readers to correct me if my understanding is completely wrong . 
  i guess , by asking i admit of not understanding ... how are they different ( in the long term ) ? 
  - i mean money in - money out ... 
  i used waze , worked like a charm . 
   isnt nokia manager microsoft former employee ? 
  nope : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rajeev_suri you are probably confusing him with [ steven elop ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stephen_elop ) whom returned to microsoft after the sale of the devices business . 
  to everyone who believes microsoft is in the deal : it 's not . 
  nokia sold their device business to microsoft but kept the mobile network infrastructure one ( ~ 60 000 people ) and it is now buying alu . 
  to put it differently : ibm sold their laptop business to lenovo but still exists as a company - same with nokia . 
   every mildly nationalistic or racist comment gets downvoted to oblivion in popular subreddits . 
  and this proves that reddit ( 100 million users ) is left wing ? 
  interesting conclusion . 
  i second what / u/vortalwombat said . 
  besides that , prior to 2014 elections jobbik reached a plateau . 
  as a result they toned down they aggressive rhetoric and come with one concerning traditional hungarian family and values . 
  for example here : http://szebbjovo.hu/wp-content/uploads/images/2014/01/plakat.jpg you can see a traditional family gathering of 3 generations but also a cross and a map of big hungary on the walls , rice is colored like the flag , etc. 
  edit : just noticed that also the pickles are arranged like the flag , 
   germany is vilified in every country in the eu not really ... without german investments ( factories and not only ) we 'd be in deep poo . 
  also in romania , germany/germans are highly regarded . 
  thanks a bunch about clarification . 
  my point was purely ment for people claiming v4 's stance is the only thing preventing universal happiness  after the decision to relocate the 160k refugees we can divide the eu countries into two categories : hypocrites and non-hypocrites . 
  first ones saying sure , we 'll take a gazillion of refugees , just to do absolutely nothing afterwards . 
  seriously , whom would you like more : someone who says in your face `` sure , i will keep my promise '' ( and not keep his promise ) or someone whom tells in your face `` this is bs and i 'm not gon na do it '' . 
  no offence , but i have no idea what you try to say - what is `` that '' that should be `` less objectionable '' ? 
  before anyone starts throwing shit on v4 please remember this : under the quota system of redistributing 160 000 refugees - ( of which actually only around 2000 actually got distributed ) - less than 20 % should go to v4 countries . 
  point being : please stop pointing fingers at us as obstacles to eternal happiness and solving the problem . 
  even assuming eu would not contain v4 as some people suggested , the problem would be almost the same . 
   without all that solidarity and human rights bullshit of leftists cyclists . 
  ee respects human rights and also showed solidarity on several occasions , few of them from top of my head : - opening the borders for east germans in '89 - opening the borders for refugees from ex-yugoslavia - selling of agriculture land to foreign companies ( where else can you buy 1 ha of good land for 5-1000 eur ) - upholding sanctions to russia even if it hurts our economies but yeah , we are racist rednecks if we do n't agree with the all mighty masta on everything ... 
   the eastern expansion was probably a mistake . 
  because ??? 
  here you go : ( source : http://visegradpost.com/en/2016/04/19/orbans-schengen-2-0-proposition/ ) 1 - external borders should be protected 2 - identification process should be systematic at the eu borders 3 - the common european asylum system including should be corrected 4 - closed and secured reception points should be established outside the eu 5 - there should be agreements with the migrants ' countries of origin 6 - illegal migrants should be returned to the safe countries of origin or transit . 
  7 - the evolution of the eu policies should be conditional on the cooperation of third countries 8 - frontline member countries ' as well as western balkan countries ' efforts to support the eu 's migration policy should be assisted by the necessary financial and other needs . 
  9 - a common european list of safe third countries should be set up . 
  that list should play a role in establishing hotspots . 
  10 - no compulsory and automatic distribution mechanism should be introduced . 
   then why do n't the v4 propose other sensible solutions on how to redo the dublin regulations ? 
  v4 proposed alternative solutions since august . 
  wheather they are sensible or not it 's up for debate ... 
   stop downvoting him . 
  that is exactly the v4-proposal . 
  can you provide a source please ? 
  ( i always upvote comments i reply to btw ), 
  that is not v4 's proposal ... the subtitle clearly writes :  the directors of two leading czech and slovak ngos propose how . 
  orban 's schengen 2.0 is : ( http://visegradpost.com/en/2016/04/19/orbans-schengen-2-0-proposition/ ) 1 external borders should be protected 2 identification process should be systematic at the eu borders 3 the common european asylum system including should be corrected 4 closed and secured reception points should be established outside the eu 5 there should be agreements with the migrants ' countries of origin 6 illegal migrants should be returned to the safe countries of origin or transit . 
  7 the evolution of the eu policies should be conditional on the cooperation of third countries 8 frontline member countries ' as well as western balkan countries ' efforts to support the eu 's migration policy should be assisted by the necessary financial and other needs . 
  9 a common european list of safe third countries should be set up . 
  that list should play a role in establishing hotspots . 
  10 no compulsory and automatic distribution mechanism should be introduced . 
  one of the scandals of last month was when the parliament passed a law stating that the foundations owned by mnb are exempt from disclosing what they do with the public money . 
  fortunately , the constitutional court declared the law unconstitutional . 
  this article is about what was uncovered after they were forced to make their finances public . 
  transparency is cool !, 
   after all , the very idea of a german victory in world war two is certainly way too scary for me to seriously contemplate there are some sci-fi books about that : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_man_in_the_high_castle, 
  a joke i heard in transylvania said the hungarians were the first in transylvania . 
  they started drinking to celebrate . 
  when they woke up they noticed someone stole the horses . 
  i knew it !, 
  moldova is hungarian clay .
