  asylum-seekers coming to europe across africa or middle east from faraway countries would be deported to the asylum center closest to their country of origin . 
  in return , eu countries would voluntarily decide to carry out active resettlement programs from the u.n. refugee agency facilities . 
  thanks to this , incentives to undertake dangerous sea crossings would decrease . 
   policy on legal migration would remain a prerogative of individual eu countries . 
  however , any immigration policy should be accompanied by integration measures , which would emphasize the adoption of european liberal democratic values and would actively counter the spread of extremist ideologies , such as islamism , among migrants and their descendants . 
   if the uk leaves the eu then uk people could be stripped of eu citizenship sir , dear is no such thing as an `` eu '' citizenship ... so you ca n't strip something which does n't exist . 
  also orban had 2/3-rd of the parliament ( with elections organized by then ruling party ) - when he did most of the changes to constitution . 
   orban is using poland 's crisis for his own good . 
  he is no longer `` black sheep '' of central europe . 
  nah , that only means there are two black sheep now , 
  their income will shrink either way - but it 'll be called inflation would n't you use euro . 
   any asylum seeker who fails to identify themselves , or pulls the `` germany '' response , they get taken back by the navy to their point of origin very hard to do that - they will not tell you their point of origin and we will not `` enhance interrogate '' them . 
  there were cases of non arabic speakers insisting they are syrians ...  and their traffickers are arrested on sight . 
  traffickers are in a non eu country - they do n't drive the boats and we ca n't arrest them :( good ideas but impossible to put in practice - at least not without an european cia, 
   i think the un is pointing out that simply sending everyone back ... that 'll be back to turkey . 
  do you think that might `` lead to their death '' ? 
  i disagree with the simplistic conclusions of the article . 
  in hungary , orban did the same as fico ... and raised in polls . 
  so sorry , i doubt the causality effect . 
  however , jobbik ( very right wing ) did n't raise . 
  they were fun to watch actually . 
  orban was saying : we 'll build a 3 meter fence , jobbik would say it must be 4 meters . 
  if anything will bring down orban , that 's not going to be the migration crisis where he enjoys 70 + approval but a lot of small shits like sunday shop opening where is a 70 + disagreement , many corruption scandals or the newest teacher protest . 
   `` i am deeply concerned about any arrangement that would involve the blanket return of anyone from one country to another without spelling out the refugee protection safeguards under international law , '' which one ? 
  because apparently now we have one international law for eu and another one for let 's say saudi arabia . 
  it 's wikipedia - just change it and make sure to provide a source . 
  no offense but this is an emotionally blackmailing speech - it 's also riddled with logical inconsistencies and blank statements ( but said with pathos ) . 
  edit : just realized i did n't provide an argument . 
  bad me . 
  for example , the speaker presents 2-3 examples of successful refugee entrepreneurs and implies everyone is like this . 
  this is exactly the same logic used by extreme right groups - present some rapists and imply everyone is like that ... qed . 
  both are wrong . 
  i ca n't speak about czech citizenship but for hungarian citizenship one has to pass a written and oral exam ( constitution , history and culture ) . 
  the exam is in hungarian . 
  imo , if a foreigner manages to learn hungarian ( the easiest language on planet ) he/she is totally welcomed to be a citizen . 
   why does eastern europe react in such a hysterical way to the idea of even a miniscule number of refugees ? 
  we do n't . 
  for example hungary grants refugee status to 5-600 people/year . 
  ( yes , i know it 's minuscule ) . 
  during september negotiations , v4 leaders insisted they should first discuss securing the borders not redistribution . 
  when merkel chose to bulldozer her way through ( and boy , did she overestimated the support of rest of the states ) v4 radicalized in the opposite direction . 
  the biggest fear was the automatic quota system - so we chose to oppose any quota system from the very beginning . 
  hungary could totally handle 1200 people but orban will be in deep trouble with 20-30 000 . 
  paris and koln did n't help either - quite the opposite . 
  edit : and is n't the main point of brexit on controlling who gets in ? 
  oh wow , i had no idea turkey is the only country on planet who does n't recognize republic of cyprus ... an eu member . 
  so yeah , i think your stance is entirely justified but then again , turkey will never join eu unless they recognize cyprus and solve their border issues with greece . 
  hmm . 
  the more i think the more i like also the idea - if people know they ca n't relocate to germany probably even less will come . 
  germany will not be able to avoid - sorry to say - petty thieves ( it 's better to be a pickpocketer in germany than in let 's say morocco ) but anyway you have this problem already ( i.e. 
  it wo n't get worse ) . 
  we always worry about the last crisis . 
  long term thinking is a foreign concept to us :d < - joke, 
   but he 's from china and we 're from turkey that 's not how it works  visas have no connection to history , etc but with two main things : potential of immigration and security aspects . 
   then maybe turkey should start asking for visa from europeans too ? 
  you are entirely entitled to do so but that might hurt your tourism . 
  agree with the first part . 
  on mandatory relocation : trouble is that beside germany no big country except maybe spain is willing to contribute ( france announced they 'll cap at 30k , italy has enough already , uk will opt out ) . 
  moreover sweden and austria are full , finland is grumbling , etc. 
  moreover hungary and slovakia do n't have any other choice than to oppose - if you remember they challenged at ecj the first quota - so until there is a decision there 's no other choice - but anyway we 're talking about a relative small number of people here . 
  also i am a bit disappointed nobody discussed ( yet ) about the two big elephants in the living room : - how to handle the fact that refugees want germany or nothing - why the first redistribution deal failed miserably, 
   that how unfair the visa process they throw to us , no offence , there is nothing targeted at you guys - the same things are required for anyone applying for a schengen visa . 
  my chinese friend can not visit me because he is a freelancer ( i.e. 
  no fixed income , etc ) . 
  10 years ago ( when hungary still needed visas for us ) i went through the same , i know how it feels . 
  i 'm not disagreeing but oh boy , there will be a lot of if 's and but 's  the first plan was worse indeed but more likely to succeed . 
  if we look at yesterday 's concerns there will be a lot of diplomacy needed . 
  - v4 + austria + maybe france and romania on mandatory relocation - cyprus and greece on opening of chapters - italy on freedom of press - france on visas edit : and some of these + money will have to be approved by parliaments in some countries, 
  me bad - that was the second paragraph . 
  ok , once more : tusk negotiated with turkey and it looks they reached an agreement then called the summit which was supposed to be a formality . 
  one day before the official meeting ( 3 ` rd paragraph ) :  turkey made europe a counter offer early monday that six months ago would have prompted eu negotiators to get up and walk out . 
  if you guys were unhappy with the initial deal that tusk brokered should had said so and negotiate with tusk further not use foot in the door negotiations . 
  good response , thanks for the links . 
   which is perfeclty fine if you do n't have a serious problem with turkish people in general . 
  nobody has a problem of turkish people in general - some countries are afraid of granting exemptions to anyone ( for example it took romania and bulgaria ages ) because fears of immigration . 
  and before you tell me that people with visas can immigrate as well - that 's correct ; but it also means a lot can be rejected so the risk is reduced . 
  some other countries ( e.g. 
  france ) might have security concerns , etc - again , this is not the world against giving turkey visa free travel . 
   when did turkey ignored the agreement exactly ? 
  no offense , but did you read the article ? 
  i mean literally the first paragraph states :  the eu learned that lesson the hard way when it discovered the carefully crafted refugee ** deal ** it believed it had sold to turkish leaders in the run-up to monday 's summit turned out to be little more than the beginning of the negotiation . 
  wrt  why turkey is n't having horrible behaving refugees like europe does yeah , i guess that 's why there is a queue of refugees fleeing from europe to turkey < / s , 
  yup . 
  and those countries are eu members - meaning their concerns must be addressed first . 
  if it means nothing then why are cyprus and greece opposing ? 
  i fully agree with the rest of what you say . 
  on top of that they 'll have to solve the territorial disagreements with greece . 
  thanks for labeling me ... 
  personally i do n't mind at all turkey being exempt from visa but i 'd prefer them to follow the same process as everyone else - and not via shortcuts due to historical conjuncture . 
  to make a ( very forced ) analogy : if putin would say remove visas or i 'll nuke you would that be right ? 
  it certainly does n't look nice when turkey just decides to ignore the already negotiated agreement and say , you know what : make that double and add something on top of it ... 
  because geography - it 's second easiest point to control the situation ( after turkey ofc ) . 
   core values are for domestic politics , not for foreign policy . 
  yes but when turkey asks for opening of some extra chapters should n't it mean the core values should start applying to them as well ? 
  oh look the racist card - that means you are apriori right whatever you say , correct ? 
  the ee is complaining about forced relocation . 
  also refugees are very much existing just not the ones you are looking for . 
   eu is trying to bribe turkey the 3b already agreed is a bribe . 
  the extra 3b and the political stuff are a ransom . 
  how else do you interpret : `` hey guys , we agreed on something - now i have a few extra requests '' in the last minute ?
