   what the hell are we supposed to do with them other than accepting them ? 
  i was thinking more along line of deporting them to their country of origin . 
  ideally would be ofc to handle all asylum requests outside germany but nobody agrees yet on what would be a good place . 
  according to [ portofolio - hungarian ] ( http://www.portfolio.hu/gazdasag/adozas/varga_elarulta_mennyibe_kerul_a_legujabb_adocsokkentes.240246.html ) it 's estimated will impact the budget with 145 b huf ( ~ 500 mil eur ) - not so bad . 
  that one , no one knows - vona is ruling the party with an iron fist . 
  the article is fairly accurate . 
  jobbik started toning down their antisemitic and antigipsy rhetoric around one year ago - when they hit a plateau in opinion polls . 
  imo the biggest problem is not related wrt right of asylum itself but more with germany still paying something even to the people who had their asylum rejected . 
  also snail paced deportation , long waiting times for decision and chaos in the system ( is it still possible to register multiple times ? ) . 
  also accepting requests from people who come via 5 safe countries . 
  my question wrt dignity was unrelated to migration - since a constitution is intended to last for a long time - was just curious how the constitution writers fathomed that germany can guarantee a decent life to everybody for eternity . 
  thanks - here in hungary social benefits are well below the living minimum . 
  ; what will happen if ad-absurdum , someday in the future , germany will have no way to pay anymore ? 
  it help decrease the overall number of arrivals to eu . 
  i 'm not disagreeing - we 've been in the same situation as you guys and nobody helped . 
   enough money to live in dignity when there is a will there 's a way . 
  i bet that how many eur `` dignity '' costs is not defined in constitution . 
   renzi is pissed that ee countries refuse renzi should pick on us only after we is done distributing the 160k . 
   any kind of help on the immigration issue effectively closing the balkan route does n't count as help ? 
  whoops , thanks ; i stand corrected . 
   on is that a leader of the west is a pathological liar you mean hillary ? 
   like a far removed european i was supporting bernie btw . 
  from the little i followed on us ellections here 's what i think of trump : he will say anything to make himself win/look good . 
  so , i 'd rather wait to see which are the things he wants to win before going full panic mode . 
  sure , and the dead russian soldiers in ukraine were chasing butterflies . 
  btw : how much you get paid ? 
  i 'm interested !, 
  seriously , i do n't understand this panic - ~ ~ whole leftist ~ ~ half of media is like a cult on the eve of imminent apocalypse . 
  if anything is certain about trump is that one should n't believe anything he said so far - the guy has no problem making u-turns . 
  i disagree with the author 's categorizations of fears/freedoms - as they are mutually exclusive or all inclusive . 
  :  that which is unique about the west -- freedom -- is perceived as a threat ... immigration , globalization and free trade , in particular . 
  this are different freedoms for different people and corporations dammit - do n't put all of them together and say `` if you oppose tipp you are afraid of freedom , boooo '' . 
  as of merkel stepping up , yeah that ' t be nice , but leadership means shaping the events not waiting to see how they unfold . 
  i missed the part where eu sent in tanks and rockets manned by soldiers in vacation . 
   and not because of the wars they keep starting finally someone said it . 
  also i do n't know if the trillions us pumped in afghanistan in iraq count as defense budget as well . 
  sure do , as long as uk will allow any eu27 citizen to become an associate uk citizen for the same amount of money . 
  is greece left-right ? 
  or is some trick like with the yellow blue dress ? 
  well , for 300 00 eur you can get hungarian permanent residency ( and i think cyprus is even cheaper ) - you will get 250 k back after four years . 
   headscarfs ca n't be german you 're essentially also disallowing them from integrating . 
  i kindof disagree - by behaving outside of social norms , they 'd disallow themselves from integrating . 
  now , i am not german so ca n't comment if wearing a headscarf is or not part of their social norms . 
  ultimately it 's up to the germans to decide what 's german and what not ; any social group has rules - if you do n't obey the rules you ca n't be part of that social group regardless on what a piece of paper says . 
  belonging to a social group is all about rules ( mostly informal ) and not about fairness . 
  for example the local punks will probably have troubles accepting me if i keep pushing on how great avril lavigne is ... oh , and the cultured people in my city would n't talk to me when i went to the opera in my rocker outfit . 
   by thinking in that way you 're essentially marginalising them . 
  no sir , by behaving in that way those people choose to marginalize themselves , just like any non mainstream culture !, 
   join turkish stream with a link that could enable hungary to import 8 billion cubic meters of gas a year , close to the country 's total consumption . 
  in the meantime ns2 is estimated to increase the capacity to : `` in 2011 , nord stream ag started evaluation of an expansion project which would include two additional lines ( later named nord stream 2 ) to increase the overall annual capacity up to 110 billion cubic metres '' dude , fuck off - it 's like a vampire complaining that mosquitoes also suck blood !, 
   you are ridiculous . 
  thanks for the insult !, 
  i 'll wear it with pride !, 
   hungary and germany are countries that pursue their own economic interest . 
  true that . 
  except that when hungary 's economic interest is geopardized , unlike you , we do n't claim to speak for entire eu !, 
   turkish stream via bulgaria and serbia transit : like in gas flows via bulgaria and serbia before us ???? 
   because hungary knew that germany would call for countermeasures ? 
  yeah sure , orban the allmighty  if it comes to a vote hungary will vote like germany probably , but that 's because you are a bully . 
   you know , because both projects would violate the us sanctions . 
  fun things that few seem to realize - the us sanctions do n't depend so much on gas companies but on banks . 
  no oil company has 5b eur in cash so they 'll need financing - the crux is if financial companies ( which are risk averse by default ) want to finance the deal ( risking us sanctions or not ) . 
  unrelated : so who is a bigger bitch to russia ? 
  hungary or germany ? 
  why , oh why does the author need to mix everything that 's wrong in hungary ( some of the wrongs being independent of orban ) plus his personal bias and try to make it into a news . 
  two things : 1 . we 're a transit country so we do n't really care if the gas comes from russia , mediteranean ( cyprus or israel ) or caucasus . 
  could you tell the same about germany and ns2 ? 
  2 . it is popular in western press to smear orban as russia 's bitch . 
  was it hungary calling for countermeasures against us or germany and it 's lapdogs ? 
  sorrry , cape flissingsky it should then be :d https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cape_flissingsky, 
  is germany running low on gas ? 
  because from what i remember there is enough capacity already for germany 's needs . 
  do n't relativize please - the main pipe will go to turkey ( 50 % of the capacity ) - we 're a transit country not the main destination . 
   that responsibility shall cease 12 months after the date on which the irregular border crossing took place . 
  holly cow - i was unaware of this, 
   institutions like the imf for their help he 's referring to the fact that imf loans come with strings attached - him winning 2/3 ` rd of parliament in 2010 can be partly attributed to imf imposed austerity that the previous gvnt implemented . 
   wo n't be applied to syrians currently in europe and whose job is/was to determine if someone is syrian - given the fact that all those bearded kids lost their papers ? 
  at least all those well intended but naive people with refugees welcome signs are quiet now . 
  also the majority will end up in germany anyway , no matter how many times they are sent to croatia . 
  maybe if sweden would n't had boasted of being a humanitarian superpower you would n't had attracted so many . 
  that 's like the spoiled kid who advertises a party on fb with free booze then wanders why half the planet comes , then blame the poor neighbor for not stopping them . 
   so why has n't hungary deported ... that would had been against the law ( and the fence was n't ready ) . 
   sweden did n't ask hungary to let these people in we were the only country which consistently tried to stop them since the beginning so buzz off please . 
  that 's because they entered eu via greece , not hungary, 
  unlike you , we wash them , you boxerlord !, 
  we demand the eu provides lower prices for us than the rest of eu to compensate for centuries of oppression !, 
  also check your western privileges - a uk person can have double the boxers for the same money - that 's preposterous !!!!!, 
  you are right but i 'd say there are/were serious chances of `` slippery slope '' . 
  that proposal was never repelled either . 
   today , the european commission has presented the following concrete measures ... a permanent relocation mechanism for all member states -----  not everything is a slippery slope you were saying ? 
  [ source ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-15-5596_en.htm ), 
  that was not a solution to the migrant crisis but alternatives on taking migrants . 
  or do you think that if poland and hungary take 30 people each that 'll solve greece 's crisis ? 
  hey , hungary has only 76 - we 're in the middle of the class, 
  spain has 170, 
   so no , it 's not a plan . 
  sorry , bad wording - is a proposal . 
  for it to become a plan it has to be agreed upon then well , ... planned at expert level . 
   and while merkel , ... tours africa to actuall get orban 's `` brand spankig brilliant '' this is about implementing the plan and i fully agree , orban is more talk than walk . 
  wrt schengen 2.0 & rest - i did n't claimed is a good proposal or not done already - i just say i disagree when you said that v4 never came up with proposals .
