  jobbik 's message was almost the same . 
  nobody called for a referendum . 
  i also do n't know why hungary appeared on schlaube 's list of countries at risk for leaving - population is like 70 % pro eu . 
   pretty vague , do n't you think ? 
  well , it never got really discussed so yes it 's vague but it was an ignored potential start for a more detailed discussion . 
   and last but not least - global relocation global relocation meant relocating them to camps outside europe . 
   can ever exercise as much power as a single country of the same size . 
  you are right , but what can we do , invade thy neighbors ? 
    there still is no alternative inside europe ... agree again . 
  that 's why i said i hope she gets back quickly some of the lost trust and good-will . 
   i see no reason to wait for our elections . 
  they were hoping for a weakened eu assuming fn gains in france and afd in germany . 
  any other way i can be at your service tonight ? 
   iirc it was mainly ... nope really : http://www.immigrant-crisis.com/how-to-handle-crisis/ - it was a bit more ( sorry for the dodgy source , but it 's really hard to find a decent one ) . 
   it 's certainly going to be interesting . 
  poland and hungary actually have a lot of skin in the game - they might be joined by romania . 
  an ongoing joke today here is that budapest should annex london since it 's the second biggest hungarian city . 
  anyway , once the status of existing eu citizens in uk gets clarified v4 will probably follow germany - our economies just depend too much on yours . 
  also , sorry to say but merkel lost a lot of goodwill in the council - as visible from the famous redistribution - all agree but none will do - i really hope she recovers . 
  my biggest worry atm is that the uk clowns are too busy now with in-politics and do n't seem to care there is a real risk of a major world recession so yeah , i believe they should be coerced into negotiations asap . 
  i was reading a thread in / r/unitedkingdom where people were saying that we 'll wait till october , then we 'll wait some more until elections in germany and france , etc. 
  that is unacceptable imo . 
   uk has decided to leave the un well , they got one letter right at least , 
  oh , thank you for your insults then . 
  i call you a boob . 
  happy now ? 
   i ca n't think of a country where syrians do not qualify for asylum ... yeah , kind of agree - i know i was stretching it a lot   it was n't a serious pan-european policy proposal actually v4 had a proposal . 
  it 's just that merkel chose to push her way through . 
  now i do n't know if that counts as a pan-european proposal . 
   it did not cause the stream into greece to dry out however . 
  it 's hard to tell - since the two happened at the same time . 
  there was though the frontex report giving more weight to macedonia closure than turkey deal . 
   i think it is also worth mentioning that you need a prominent advocate in the eu for proposals . 
  you have to have one of the big states on your side . 
  oh man , this is so true . 
  v4 is good for the start , let 's see how it develops from here . 
  i really hope orban and co will behave in a mature manner during brexit negotiations and not antagonize in every situation . 
   it certainly is . 
  i remember reading today in a us mainstream paper that brexit is merkel 's fault due to the `` invitation '' . 
  sigh :(, 
   i also remember you do n't know what an `` ad-hominem '' is . 
  then please master explain me how this statement '' i keep linking to the exact statement that the media spun into a giant welcome , instead of what it was , and you keep going on like a broken record '' is even remotely related to my statement and not an attempt to discredit me as a person ... 
  thanks for the link , at the time it was published , i warmly thanked the author via pm for finally clarifying the situation and breaking the `` germany invited them '' circlejerk . 
  huh ? 
  - thanks for ad-hominem btw . 
  i fully agree that the media spun into a giant welcome and it 's not what merkel ever said . 
  ... and there was the declaration of germany not applying dublin for people from syria which precipitated the events . 
  so where the fuck do i keep going like a broken record ? 
   we did not do that . 
  at no point in time cough . 
  blank admission to everyone claiming being from syria . 
   there was nobody else proposing alternatives . 
  cough . 
  i remember some pesky ee talking about walls or something . 
  anyway , claiming that brexit is somehow merkel 's fault is moronic . 
  http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/press/press-releases/2016/06/24-joint-statement-uk-referendum/  as agreed , the `` new settlement for the united kingdom within the european union '' , reached at the european council on 18-19 february 2016 , will now not take effect and ceases to exist . 
  there will be no renegotiation . 
  juncker has much less power than the council so i 'd rather watch the conclusions from there . 
  no offence but for the time being it looks like uk politicians want to harm eu27 more than eu27 wants to punish britain . 
  also whomever believes uk will have better conditions than today is living in la-la-land . 
  you do realize there is a shit ton of decisions which can be made by a majority of ec which will actively harm uk 's economy . 
  and the uk has to respect those ... 
  while at economy : right now all hiring , investments and expansions planned for uk are on freeze if they would be even remotely connected to access on eu market . 
  i really hope it wo n't end with eu27 actively harming uk but if that 's the only way to handle petty politics , so be it . 
  a little noticed thing in the joint statement of leaders of main eu institutions is that cameron 's extra exceptions were declared void . 
  so if the by some miracle the uk stays they will have already less than they started with . 
  agree , this is a good move for politicians willing to gain some advantage . 
  for uk , not so much . 
  you are not supposed to editorialize the titles ... 
  how exactly is waiting aka uncertainty in uk 's interest ? 
  yes , i meant `` leaving '' , sorry for causing trouble . 
  yes man , i agree , but in frigging october ? 
  and what will happen if the next chancellor will say - no , we need to wait for general elections so that the population is fully aware . 
  brexit is a hot potato even for it 's most ardent supporters . 
  uuuuffff , those are all fucking lies !!!!!!, 
  except maybe for visa free access for turkey but even that one is complete bollocks since uk is not part of schengen !, 
  drat , sorry , did n't noticed the `` 1 '' is of different color - many thanks . 
  thank you so much mr/ms nice_to_everyone for making me laugh on this very sad day !, 
  time to educate myself - do you have a source ? 
  ( i do n't mind long pdf 's with eu legislation either ) . 
  if this is true then indeed uk can ( and should ) be forced out imho !, 
   when we end up with a shitty deal imo , there is just no way uk will end with a better deal than they currently have . 
  also it 's funny ( in a sad way ) to see all the `` leave '' politicians whom were claiming that eu needs uk so much that they will instantly offer the best deal suddenly backpedaling . 
   they only need 2/3 in the council to strip them of their voting rights are you sure about this ? 
  i admit , i do n't know which are the decisions requiring unanimity and which are the ones which do not ; but i remember orban saying hungary will veto any sanctions against poland . 
   we will invoke section 50 in our own time like 10 years from now ? 
  i said it also in a different thread : this is not a zero sum game . 
  it 's a lose-lose situation . 
  and the longer we wait , the more everybody loses !, 
  if you wan na play ugly , so be it . 
  but then please do n't whine that `` economy is tanking due to eu '', 
  woops , thanks for letting me know . 
  no negotiations will begin before article 50 is invoked . 
  also the negotiations will be 90 % at expert level , something akin `` i give you tariff free 10 chickens and i accept one sheep '', 
  i seriously do n't understand how the heck was even legal for leave to campaign with such obvious lies :(, 
  the scary thing is that all the `` genius '' leave opinion leaders do n't seem to have the slightest clue what will happen next . 
  only wishful thinking . 
  i 'm living you for my mistress . 
  now could you pass me the salt darling ? 
   a new kind of two speed eu , with certain members having fewer obligations but still some say in the process , i 'm terribly sorry but you just voted yourselves out of this type of decisions .
