   over the past two years , greece has spent an estimated 2bn on refugees do you have a source ? 
   without help from the eu that 's really fucked up . 
   these people must be educated , integrated and put to work the minimum is to keep them safe . 
  educating , integrating , etc is optional . 
  turkey & co certainly do n't do that . 
   try to put yourself into the shoes of a syrian refugee for a moment two things . 
  first - only about half of the migrants are syrian refugees . 
  second - will they choose to pay 6-800 eur to cross the sea and go to greece ( from turkey ) if they know they have no chance of getting further ? 
   do you stay where you are or do you sell everything , grab your wife and kids and get the hell out of there ? 
  if we look at demographic statistics `` wife and kids '' were certainly not in the picture . 
  also there is a difference between get the hell out of syria and go to germany . 
   funny how turkey threatened to do exactly that if we do n't pay up turkey meant 1 million over a year - that 's ~ 3000/day totally manageable . 
  i was thinking of the news with the egyptian billionaire who allegedly wanted to buy an island ... 
   so you would have a country of 10 million people ... that should be done on eu funds , of course . 
  geez . 
  if done smartly it might actually benefit a little the greek economy . 
   take care of a million immigrants/year that was my question : do you think we 'd still have one million refugees a year if the only place they can go is `` a country of 10 million people , with  25 % + unemployment , a destroyed healthcare system and rapidly contracting gdp '' ? 
   besides , do you really think that a million souls could n't cross the borders if they wanted ? 
  having a million people accumulating in one point at the same time is impossible for logistic reasons ( food , sanitation , etc ), 
   but when there was an effort to solve this crisis by germany ( which was n't great either , and way too late ) , it would have been nicer to just show pretend support , take some small numbers and not start diplomatic difficulties as well . 
  the perception here is that germany ignored any proposal coming from v4 and bulldozed it 's way through . 
  also the #wilcommenskultur raised a lot of eyebrows - how can germans be so naive - so the general feeling was `` you welcome them , you keep them , leave us out of it '' . 
  also , at least in case of hungary , if orban would n't have seized the opportunity the very right wing opposition would had done it for sure - for example i started getting fb memes already in june that `` the government spends more on invader food than on hospital food '' . 
  also i am not sure if it 's better to pretend support - like 22 member states did and then do nothing , or be open about it . 
  irl that 's called blatant lying , in politics it 's called diplomacy . 
  sigh !, 
  [ yesterday 's article from politico ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/how-migrants-brought-central-europe-together-visegrad-group-orban-poland/ ) explains best imo the causes of our reluctance . 
  on top of that i 'd say that v4 has no money , experience or will to integrate large amounts of people . 
  the foreigners we have usually integrate themselves . 
  for the parts where i do n't answer it basically means i agree with you , 
  it 's clear now , many thanks . 
  apparently there is a cultural difference east-west then . 
  i 'd do the same btw , but i 'd try a civilized discussion first . 
  it 's duplicated here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/44x9rj/sweden_arrests_14_polish_activists_for_planning/, 
  ... and stories like this are one of the many reasons why i am so frustrated because currently there is no viable alternative to orban and his party ( fidesz ) . 
  ok , then which court is the one which sets a precedent ? 
  i do n't know much about the german legal system - my question was purely out of curiosity and not due to your reaction . 
   i still think , with europe paying aid money and probably being the main exporter to many of these countries , that we have a better chance than turkey at least at making and enforcing deportation deals . 
  honestly i was a bit shocked that germany - the most powerful and respected country in europe was basically laughed in the face . 
  makes me wonder : what would us do in a similar situation ? 
   orban was kind of quitting the responsibility of this crisis . 
  why , does hungary have any responsibility for it ???? 
  yeah , we had a small contingent in iraq and afghanistan but they were in no way involved in active fighting . 
   the fence did n't solve anything , just made others do more . 
  well , it basically got us out of the `` migration crisis '' so it worked for us . 
  btw : most hungarians hate the damn fence it 's just we could n't figure out something better . 
   about the money ... 
  better for our finances . 
  yes , fully agree - i just do n't understand why it took so long for tusk/merkel to start reaching out for turkey . 
   sorry to say that , but it 's not how it works ... why not ? 
  i bet turkey does n't just allows everyone in . 
   russians can say whatever they want . 
  as long as safe zone guarded by nato , they ca n't dare to touch . 
  and who would have freed that land from isis ? 
  so far nato does n't seem to want `` boots on the ground '' . 
  i guess us did n't wanted to risk a conflict with russia , which is a sign of weakness , which is a bad idea when dealing with russia - imho - could be wrong . 
  do german court decisions set a precedent or is on a case by case basis ? 
  ok , here 's a not so folk song : in 1941 our pm said that we 'll rather blow up our own railroads than to allow movement of german troops to poland via hungary . 
   so we should also send them back to syria ? 
  sorry for not being clear . 
  according to latest reports for january , less than 40 % are from syria - and yes , send the others ( tunisia , iraq , pakistan , morocco , afghanistan , etc ) back to the border they come from . 
   if europe had supported turkey 's safe zone proposals , there would be no refugee crisis i am not following the complicated kurdish-turkish-russian-nato game but was n't it so that the safe zones were opposed by russia ? 
   relocate all kos citizens elsewhere . 
  they are 33,000 or move the migrants to some more appropriate island . 
  i agree 100 % with everything else . 
   this is just temporary , imagine what would happen if russia would stop exporting gas or other resources to eu . 
  yeah , let 's befriend the bully or he 'll kick our face . 
  4 revisions ? 
  i 'll take it !, 
   they are n't turkish citizens either , so why should they care for syrians , afghans , iraqis as opposed to us ? 
  usually most countries have border agreements with their neighbors that if someone is rejected , the departure country has to take them back . 
  this should apply regardless of type of border ( maritime or land ) . 
  that 's why i consider it a dickish stance on turkey side . 
   we 're the ones with the power to enforce deportation agreements . 
  apparently not if even north-african countries or pakistan are balking at us . 
  as long as big corporations are unaffected by the crisis , and since eu has only soft power , that 'll be quite hard to do . 
  not to speak about german complicated laws which makes forced deportation quite hard . 
   spain is n't allowed to build razor wire fences ? 
  morocco will . 
  yeah , i remember the spanish pm condemning the hungarian fence . 
   we as a union , the people and leaders , get to wash our hands of potential crimes committed at our borders . 
  very well said . 
  it 's also happening now with the refugee concentration at turkey 's border . 
   paying others a set amount of money is also the cheapest possible solution i do n't really understand what you mean here . 
  in short term no , absolutely it 's not fair on greece . 
  but right now is not fair on germany either . 
  on long term , well , that depends on the answer to :  assuming no migrant can get out of greece do you still thing we 'll have one million/year ? 
   turkey should have been sanctioned long ago for their sketchy let 's not be hypocrites . 
  if sketchy shit is a reason we should had sanctioned china and russia long ago . 
  nah - when trying to make a point ( even irl ) most people tend to exaggerate . 
  that 's why my so tells me `` you ** never ** listen to me '' , 
  assuming no migrant can get out of greece do you still thing we 'll have one million/year ? 
  for most people ( at least among my friends ) it 's not so much about being occupied but an identity question - do we belong to democratic , prosperous west or to the autocratic poor east - if you wish , we like to hang with the cool boys not with the bullies . 
   as / u/kubasar said , what the immigrants do in turkey is completely private and of their own free will . 
  ok , got it , agree - but at the same time not admitting them back is a bit of an unfair move . 
  nb , i do believe that the eu should be capable of solving this problem alone preferably involving turkey but not relying exclusively on it . 
   when you face 35k people lined up at your border what can you do to stop them ? 
  we ca n't stop them indeed over sea but that does n't mean we have to ferry them till germany either . 
  so turkey dropping them without consent why is ok then ? 
   that 's strange because i 've never heard any of that around here i 'm talking about really mainstream media like guardian , nyt , etc - they certainly do n't exhibit rabid anger at angie .
