  i have a feeling they 'll love it :d, 
  amateurs . 
  a gas installer is on track to become the richest guy in the country - and he 's only the major of a minor city ( and good friend with orban ) - but the last one is a coincidence / s, 
  it 's getting crowded there - we should use rainbow colors for spectrum instead of left - center - right, 
  because we 're the only country in eu who has some neo nazis ? 
  ( i have never heard of this idiots , btw ) . 
  the discussion started on omg , what is poland going to do without the generous 2 % of the gdp currently coming via eu funds - i just pointed out some alternatives , not saying they have to do all . 
  whereas you are correct , the majority of the half billion people out of poverty in china are not in hk or singapore but in mainland factories - in shenzen , chonchin , etc. 
  and china indeed imposed conditions of partly ownership or local production for things intended to their market . 
  heck , when i worked in telecom , my company could n't sell equipment to china until we have n't opened an r&d there . 
   if they opened up more their economy a 100 % open market is not necessarily good ( for the weak ones ) if you have strong asymmetry in terms of economic development . 
  for us kids it was organised via school - as the whole school was going . 
  each class master had to keep a tab on which kid is not there and inform the higher ups ( i guess ) . 
  e : i was also unlucky to be the flag bearer in some events , that sucked - i mean holding the damn flag in the sun for 1 hour in the correct position was difficult ... 
  i was a 10yo kid , not a marine . 
  for my parents it was organised via workplace . 
  officially , the party leaders were keeping track if someone was n't going , it was rumored the secret service informants were having an eye on it as well . 
  there were two types of events : flag waving when some big guns crossed through the city ( although in my little town that happened only once ) . 
  but we had several times/year at big commie celebration like may 1 ` st some thematic stuff ( like north korea ) - we would start rehearsing 1-2 months in advance ( and use our recess for it - fuck that shit ) - most times we had to do some sinch dancing . 
  luckily i wa n't part of the choir or orchestra which would had mean more rehearsals of mandatory `` patriotic '' songs . 
   because this wo n't happen anyway i certainly hope it wo n't happen . 
   were compulsory participation man , i hated it especially when we had to wait for hours in the hot sun . 
  maybe you should learn the difference between juche and having a semi protectionist/not 100 % open market . 
   some ee countries show over and over again they just want to take out of the eu can you give me 5 examples ? 
  i 'm sure you 'll have no problem finding them if it 's `` over and over again '' . 
   we can do without leechers whaaa , that 's some hardcore racism . 
  it worked for china ... the point is that it 's wrong to consider the eu funds as charity . 
  rich countries benefit a lot as well . 
  let me see if i get it : if ee + finland companies got hit , that 's sanctions . 
  if german companies break said sanctions , that 's just business , nothing to see there . 
  not if they want to sell stuff in poland . 
  i do n't know how you came up with this conclusion . 
  right now in hungary we have shortages of medium/low skilled workers everywhere . 
  heck , i am renovating a house and one guy asked me 5 eur/sqm for wallpaper removal - that 'll net around 25-30eur / hour - also requires zero skill ( except being able to work on a ladder ), 
   without the free added 2 % gdp growth eu funds provide . 
  for example a 2 % tax on revenue for all foreign entities operating in poland would probably suffice . 
  or a tax on capital outflows . 
  or sector based extra tax ( telecom , retail , banking ) . 
  or imposing that anything sold in poland has to be 80 % made in poland or requiring all foreign businesses who want to sell stuff ( goods and services ) in poland to do so via a 50-50 % joint venture with a state owned company ... there are many ways, 
  that does n't mean the highly skilled did n't left , only that lower skilled were in higher percentage . 
   all of the eastern european eu then how do you explain romania 's growth despite having extremely low absorption rates ? 
  posted workers are currently legal for 2 years , that 's what macron wants to change . 
  aside from this , if a company breaks the law nobody will disagree on fining the crap out of them . 
  for non hungarians : elections are nearing - expect more controversial stuff weekly ( starting september ) . 
  the nonsense is considering people on posted jobs or truck drivers are being exploited - as i said , they are better off than being unemployed or doing the same job in their country . 
  what you write is debatable and i disagree . 
  posted work goes under the free movement of services ( basically you are hiring a company ) not of individuals . 
  if an individual is unhappy with posted work he has all the freedom to move to finland under fom for individuals . 
  i also do n't believe macron & co suddenly start caring about the well being of polish construction workers - this measure is plain old nationalist protectionism . 
   problems with this issue what sort of problems ? 
  ( except taking jobs of locals ) ? 
   exploitated by their employers . 
  how can they afford to live on that kind of momey in a country with higher consumer prices ? 
  no offence , that 's nonsense - nobody accepts a posted job just to die of hunger there . 
  people on posted jobs earn better than people at home , that 's the whole point of it . 
  also truckers `` live '' in their trucks so that 's not an issue . 
  [ the hungarian government has declared a policy of zero tolerance with regard to anti-semitism ] ( http://www.kormany.hu/en/ministry-of-foreign-affairs-and-trade/news/the-hungarian-government-has-declared-a-policy-of-zero-tolerance-with-regard-to-anti-semitism ) some newspapers are like my wife . 
  whatever i say she 'll understand it in a negative manner . 
  this has nothing to do with orban - the choice of ee is whether they will bow to french protectionism or not . 
   some argue that the politics of low wages is the major reason for the huge outflow of people from their region no shit sherlock - except there is no politics of low wages . 
  it 's called market . 
  more like keeping their voter base convinced they are the best choice . 
  sorry for the delay . 
  no , i do n't think jobbik is catering for jewish voters . 
  vona sent a hanuka greeting last year but chief rabi rejected it ( if i remember it right ), 
  ask greece or italy how they feel about joining euro, 
  that 's gabor vona , the head of jobbik , not the baker . 
  he 's certainly not jewish . 
  some pro gvnt tabloids floated the idea he 's gay though . 
  this one ? 
  if it has a backer then it 's anti-jobbik  - i guess you are talking of this one ( or a version of it ) : http://fidelitas.hu/attachment/0011/10446_copy_cp3_1493297241-borocz-plakat-st-kg20.jpg and no , he 's not jewish , he 's a local oligarch who used to be orban 's buddy but they broke up few years ago . 
  actually even him backing jobbik is not proven to my knowledge . 
   uk 's new immigration act creates a liberal rule for eu nationals , eg have job offer , or be able to support yourself this is a rule currently existing , at least in hungary - however , such rule can not limit the number of people coming - if one has a job they 're good to stay, 
   i would have imagined a far-right party would be thriving during the migrant crisis like many others are ? 
  orban outdone them - and made them look like idiots . 
  in march 2015 they accused him of `` diverting the public opinion from real problems '' , in august orban was laughing at them . 
   how one can then become pro-eu because 75 % of population is pro-eu , if they want to grow their base they ca n't be anti . 
   when orb\u00e1n is running these anti-eu they are not anti-eu but anti brussels . 
  latest incarnation of gvnt propaganda says `` hungary is a proud european country '', 
  imo macron 's attacks have more to do with the posted workers and he 's using the rest for smoke and mirrors . 
   jobbik is far right-wing no ? 
  jobbik claims is not far right anymore ( since around 2 years ) - they try hard to pivot to center . 
  they are even pro eu now , lol . 
   which viable alternative does hungary even have ? 
  imo orban will lose only if the entire opposition - jobbik included - manage to agree on unique candidates for the individual constituencies . 
  dude - in no way i am blaming the `` rotten capitalists '' for the brain drain . 
  i was just giving some examples on how we benefits from eastwards enlargement . 
  now , do you agree that brain drain is actually happening ? 
  if you really believe we send here money out of charity you are naive . 
  economy is not a zero sum game , both size are benefiting , we is getting back probably more than they put in ( that 's fine ) - and i am sick and tired of pompous arrogance like yours which consider it charity . 
   i have n't noticed much of the brain drain coming here . 
  and because you have n't noticed it 's non existent . 
  right !, 
  i forgot the earth floats around you . 
   i have noticed drunk slavs working as construction workers all ee countries are having trouble because doctors and nurses are living . 
  is that brain drain enough ? 
  half of romania ground is owned by foreigners for example  monopolistic infrastructure i meant monopolistic infra owned by western companies . 
  there were cases where water price went up few hundred times just because . 
   the ones who signed the agreement ... and we shall respect the agreement or be punished according to the rules , no biggie and no change of rules in the middle of the game . 
  btw : did your country fulfilled your quota ?
