  i am sure ukrainians will appreciate the strongly worded letter from merkel to putin the winter where they 'll be freezing their asses . 
  i do n't mind the punishment . 
  i mind hypocrisy and selective application of the rules . 
   maybe we should stop this whole cherrypicking thing then ? 
  lol , yes , agree !, 
  and please stop lecturing us on solidarity and following the laws - you ai n't better ; e.g. 
  : did germany took their quota out of the 160k ? 
  ( last time i checked it was lacking behind ) . 
  that money will go to debt repayment probably so it 's more like moving them from left to right pocket, 
   saying they could affect ~ ~ european ~ ~ german businesses involved in piping in russian gas ftfy . 
  i have n't heard a bip when south stream got canceled but i guess russian gas mutates if it goes to germany . 
  not to speak that for all this talk of solidarity , germany seems unconcerned about the huge fuck you ns will deliver to ukraine and poland . 
  this is also a good example on how some animals are more equal than others when preaching about following the same rules ... 
   you cant just stay in the eu and ignore every decision you dont like let me know when france respects the deficit rule or germany the overexport one mister `` if you do n't like the rules leave '', 
   they were bound to follow it by rules they agreed to the relocation decision has to be implemented by september . 
  it would be fair if the commission starts the infringement against all countries not getting their quotas and only then . 
  btw : germany did n't get their quota yet . 
  you talk of laws and rules - but somehow this laws should apply only to poor states ? 
   imagine v4 was swamped with refugees , hundreds of thousands of them . 
  v4 would be begging for help which is where the hypocrisy lies . 
  hungary was `` swamped '' in summer of 2015 - now i challenge you to find a source claiming us begging . 
  yes they did , they lost the 2/3 in 2015 thanks to a guy who died in a car accident . 
  but you are absolutely right , it 's not normal . 
  are we living in the same hungary ? 
  imo , the question at next elections will be again weather fidesz gets 2/3 or not - and not who will win ... 
  in my hungary , people care mostly about one thing : their well being . 
  as long as fidesz delivers growth in people pockets and the opposition is divided as fuck , coupled with the partly fptp system they 'll stay in power . 
  imo there are three ways fidesz will be voted out : - there is a new world crisis and they mismanage it badly ( like socialists did ) - fidesz breaks up into several factions - oposition manages to unite none of the above is expected to happen till next elections and today 's announcement on infringement wrt mandatory quotas will only make fidesz stronger . 
   are you saying it 's totally fair that with less than 45 % of votes fidesz has over 2/3 of seats in parliament ? 
  dude , fidesz does n't have over 2/3 ` ds of parliament . 
   it always have been public record where can i find this ? 
  ( i 'm not provoking you - for once - but was n't aware of it ) - i thought they have public balance sheet but with no mention of source of money . 
  you are right , but it stopped being about facts long time ago - it 's a dick measuring contest . 
  kind reminder : in 2015 , v4 proposed to take migrants in voluntarily but no , the higher ups must make us feel like their bitches . 
  also allow me to remind you that v4 got pissed when the mechanism of permanent relocation got floating . 
  so it 's a bit more at stake than the current ( and agree with you ) small numbers . 
  also this infringement is basically based on what the v4 leaders said . 
  the commission should had waited till deadline ( september ) and start the procedure against all countries not fulfilling their quotas . 
  that would had been based on law . 
   3 ) the eu-turkey deal has stemmed the flow of migrant arrivals to greek islands by 98 % there is no consensus of weather it was the deal or the closure of balkan route which reduced the arrivals ( ty macedonia ) . 
  as far as i remember ( could be wrong ) this deal is also lagging - with greece having issues on sending non syrians to turkey . 
  there were rumors in mainstream media of 250k/year promised by merkel ... 
   because my attempts to submit the article as a story itself do n't seem to be working . 
  like it 's filtered . 
  some posts are not showing unless mods manually approve them , based on some sicrit keyword filtering . 
   i 'm fairly certain if in the next election it wo n't be a progressive party winning the election there will be a civil war . 
  only if you start one . 
  70 % + of hungarians could n't care less of ngo 's, 
   this situation other than a mess ... you mean it 's not a mess ? 
   i hope you realize that this is a piece of polish propaganda designed to convince their population that they have to resist refugee quotas . 
  i 'm not saying you are wrong per se but then all media pieces extolling the benefits of multi kulti shall be considered propaganda as well . 
  they have similar outline : 2-3 examples of people with sob story at home , how successfully they integrated and are now working and grateful . 
  would n't bet on this but if i remember well , they registered in greece , but they applied first for asylum in hungary ( since that 's pretty much the only way they can get in the country ) . 
   e does n't respect the dublin agreement ... you are wrong . 
  under dublin agreement ( and the relocation one as well ) those people should be sent to greece . 
  hard brexit means there is no agreement , is n't it ? 
  now it 's entirely possible for the eu and uk to come to an agreement which excludes fom - however , it 'll be much more disadvantageous for uk than current eu membership . 
   this can be defeated via requiring genetic testing , though very baaad idea !, 
  i remember reading somewhere that a genetic study had to be scrapped after it turns out ~ 10 % of babies have a different father than what 's on the papers ( and the fathers had no idea ) . 
  we should , i agree . 
   they would n't be able to prevent terrorists in western europe from entering the country and committing terrorist acts , anyway . 
  absolutely true , but it 'll be a tad harder since they 'll be lacking a local support network . 
  he also said he is shocked because trump 's decision on withdrawal from paris treaty . 
  for mobile phones - check something with jolla sailfish os ( it 's actually pretty cool ) : https://jolla.com/ nokia phones are produced under license by foxcon , but they run android . 
  the only viable alternative to netflix i know , is if you cable provider has some premium channel or vod . 
  for reddit and co , you are the product - use aggressive adblocking . 
   the government keeps talking about reintroducing the death penalty dude , just nope !, 
  no party proposes that !, 
   the government runs blatant anti-migrant propaganda absolutely true - and where are they wrong ? 
   the government blames the eu for everything without acknowledging the role of the member states . 
  80 % yes . 
  orban blames brussels ( i.e. 
  junker ) , not eu - but you are 100 % right on him not acknowledging the role of the member states . 
   implying that they might have any bias in favor of a single country , is simply not true . 
  absolutely agree , sorry if i gave the impression of believing otherwise . 
  - if ecj will say hungary shall take the 1200 migrants we shall do it , no question of that !, 
   what use is a law , if you can break it with no repressions ? 
  well , tell that to france who overspent or germany who overexported !, 
  - during 09 's crisis ee countries had to do lot of painful cuts because we had to keep the deficit !, 
  your point being ? 
  - as i said , i love eu !, 
  and i know that in economy 1 +1 can equal 5 - what i meant is that big part of the 3-4b eur we currently receive , returns to western europe . 
   who will decide if an eu member violates the rule of law ? 
  judges ofcourse i do n't disagree with you , but ecj ( i.e. 
  judges ) exists already - so what is the new things this proposal would bring ? 
   although ec can withdraw funds in case of infringement , this , as you noted , is n't done with much success . 
  and that , something we probably both agree on , is n't in the best interest of the union . 
  you probably live in a net contributor country - trust me , it 's effective  - what is the ec gon na say e.g. 
  to france when they had over deficit ? 
  - we 're gon na stop accepting money from you ? 
    a german suggesting this you are right , sorry for not being clear with my answer . 
  any country implying we shall give up independence in exchange of money - i do n't want my country to be a colony !, 
  first at all god damn it , i am still federalist - i want a fucking united europe , where countries do n't matter anymore - yes , i know , it 'll take 100 years or more to get there . 
  second . 
  whereas i fully agree there is a shitload of money coming into hungary , people like you completely ignore that a lot of that money goes back to where it came from . 
  i do n't know what 's the ratio which stays here - hence my statement `` i do n't know '' . 
  by capital flows i meant the definition of capital flows - i.e. 
  including money repatriated by german companies selling stuff here - e.g. 
  t-com , lidl , aldi , etc. 
  also including eu ones like alstom , siemens and strabag which seem to win a hellawalot infrastructure eu projects .
