  do you have a source on that ? 
  eurostat will release data for q4 in march . 
  also i know that at least on the the asylum request is judged on the spot and in 99 % of cases denied so most of them will not enter hungary . 
  slightly related , there was a story today about more and more german parents move their kids away to less multi kulti schools - the article was wandering will there be something akin white flight in us . 
  do n't know where you get your info from . 
  this link shows daily illegal border crossing : http://police.hu/hirek-es-informaciok/hatarinfo/elfogott-migransok-szama, 
   even hungary still had hundreds arriving every day after they build up their fance err , this is incorrect . 
  more like a few tens which landed promptly in jail . 
  or research on public safety perception, 
  look at the bright side . 
  soon you will be a millionaire , 
  governments want to get elected . 
  they get elected if people have money - i.e. 
  jobs . 
  you ( i think ) mentioned japan as a bad example since the gdp was not increasing . 
  imo the middle class japanese has a better standard of living than the middle class ( shrinking ) american . 
  so no , gdp is not everything , there are many other factors . 
  no , but they do n't come necessarily together . 
  so if what you consider is gdp/capita you might need a decreasing population ( considering gdp stays stable ) . 
  we do n't have anymore extreme left around here , but they killed more than 200 ... from what i take from media the extreme left will also kick the asses ( and heads ) of people who disagree with them - something along the line of `` kill all extremists '', 
  could someone please tell me again why extreme right is worse than extreme left ? 
  i dislike both extremes ) . 
  tl ; dr : dublin is bad because some migrants are stuck in hungary & co instead dreamland ( i.e. 
  finland ) . 
  key statistic used :  nearly 71,000 asylum seekers were moved from one eu country to another between 2010 and 2014 , according to the most recent europe-wide data if we compare the 71k with the 1.1 million which are only in germany i 'd say the premise of the article is overly click bait . 
  also as many articles on the topic this also fails to make a decent proposal on what to do . 
  sorry , bad wording - i meant why the government is n't investing more - i remember reading complaints that germany had it 's own austerity package as well with spending being reduced across the board . 
   apparently it 's better to sit outside the market in cold or rainy weather also my advice is to never give money to woman begging with their toddlers - please call social protection instead immediately . 
  ( and give money to any charity ) . 
  did you noticed how the toddlers are always sleepy ? 
  a crying baby will bring public wrath on the `` mother '' . 
  there are chances the babies are drugged so that they sleep . 
   in order for the gdp to continue growth so should the goal of a country be to increase their gdp or to have prosperous citizens ? 
  care to explain ? 
  i mean nothing is destroyed here . 
  ok , but then why does n't the government also invests in infrastructure , education , hospitals , elder care etc ? 
  ( this are all money granted to stay in the country - except maybe for imported medicine ) . 
  not to speak that this is exactly what schlaube did not allowed greece to do . 
   this is why the vehement free speech advocates are laughable idiots i am a free speech ~ ~ advocate ~ ~ idiot then . 
  it 's my choice weather i get offended or not by your insult but at the same time i do n't think your comment should be censored by anyone . 
  what 's a ct ? 
   i did n't downovote the post btw . 
  sorry , i miss your point - what is that you want ? 
  should the mods here auto-ban all users who post also there ? 
  i think this answer was meant to someone else , 
  well , you answer to your own question here : whatever proposal there is there 'll always be someone saying it 's not good for them - and i fully agree it would be better to have a common asylum policy . 
  also that would probably mean moving a very sensitive topic ( immigration ) more to the commission which will be a tough sell . 
  unfortunately , currently not even the repatriation treaties are not at eu level ( each country has to negotiate separately ) . 
  the only common thing so far which seems to be working is that if a person has a interdiction from any schengen state he can not enter into any of those . 
  chill dude - i think the forced redistribution is off the table for the time being . 
  why , everybody will magically become prosperous ? 
  that 's one of the reasons i do n't like the quota system ( unless we have a common eu wide asylum granting system ) - otherwise i want only those gaining refugee status under hungarian laws . 
  are you sure the word to be used is racism and not xenophobia ? 
  in my understanding racism is considering some color skin to be superior . 
  xenophobia is irrational fear of foreigners . 
  ... or with a bazooka ( for self defense against people with concealed weapons ) . 
  well , we had basically two between ' 45 - ' 89 . 
  ( rakosi and kadar ) . 
  in the ' 89-today period the viktator has cummulated 10 years and counting followed by gyurcsany with 4.5 years, 
  ca n't agree more , apparently people fond of russia do n't understand the difference between being nice to a bully ( to save your skin ) and being nice to a partner ( for mutual benefit ) . 
  misleading title . 
  austria is still letting in majority of migrants . 
  edit : seriously , this source is not auto-banned ? 
   you should probably stop using those two words synonymously then , as they 're completely irrelevant to each other . 
  you are right , mea maxima culpa - got rekt a bit below . 
   what does `` subtle news '' mean ? 
  you gave an example of subtle influencing - i tried to say that the us involvement in afganistan was not subtle at all . 
   us , unlike russia , did n't invade afghanistan i ran out of tinfoil hats - errrr , after 9/11 what did us did ? 
  if you are talking about the `` old '' war you are right but then russia did n't invaded vietnam either ( same thing ) - it 's called proxy war . 
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etxmccsmod0 thanks for making me laugh  - and you are obviously right to certain extent - however , bosnia did n't receive any significant amount of money from eu so far . 
  ( heck , even pre-joining funds are small ) . 
  at a basic level , bosnians ( see , i learnt  ) want to join because they want to live better . 
  however , a key difference between eu and russia-ee is that one one hand you have a union , on another you have a master-servant relationship . 
  sadly , you are right - although i think this `` projecting influence '' is sometimes as meaningless as the reddit karma points . 
  geopolitical pissing contest between superpowers . 
  ouch , me bad . 
  sorry - editing my threads . 
   what about the croat and serb populations ? 
  by ~ ~ bosniak ~ ~ bosnian i mean citizen of bosnia !, 
  croatians will probably support it for obvious reasons and serbia applied in 2009 . 
   eu and nato work in subtle ways . 
  their kind of controlling is not as open and confrontative as the kind you find in russia . 
  anyway , we were talking about eu - how exactly did eu convinced in ( a subtle ) manner the whole ex-communist block to want to join - whereas it is known staying as russia 's puppets would had been the best thing for those countries ? 
  edit : learnt bosniak ! = bosnian ; also , hey , why only your second answer has flair ? 
  by ~ ~ bosniak ~ ~ bosnian i mean citizens of bosnia - or do you have a better name ? 
  you know , eu and nato never forced anyone to join them as opposed to russia/cccp . 
   it 's not furthering the other blocks ' interests yes , i know - if i look at georgia , moldova and ukraine , russia prefers to keep whole buffer countries in misery rather than losing some influence . 
  so to answer your question : i do n't give a flying fuck on what russia wants . 
  it 's what ~ ~ bosniak ~ ~ bosnian people want that 's important . 
  edit : as pointed out citizens of bosnia are bosnians not bosniaks !, 
  russia to express concerns about eu meddling in its affairs feb 16 : putin, 
  i apologize for misunderstanding , i was referring to the context and not directly to your reply . 
  are you talking about poland 's 4000 ? 
  ( because the rest of v4 did n't promise a thing ) . 
  or are you talking about the 24 member states who promised they 'll take 160 000 and managed to distribute 300 ? 
  you are correct . 
  but at the same time you are barking at the wrong tree . 
  before bashing v4 please have a talk with the 24 countries who promised they 'll take migrants then did n't do shit . 
  so in your opinion ee should just swallow whatever west says because of money ? 
  geez , that 's certainly a cheap way to annex other countries - definitely cheaper than ww2 .
