  care to explain what do you mean by `` even when said opportunity actually succeeded , like in romania . '' ? 
  i am sure you have read about `` mutual destruction '' - ai n't that a much more plausible explanation ? 
  i did n't complained about hungary being left alone but about hungary taking a lot of crap for trying to apply the law  could the situation been handled better ? 
  hell yes !, 
  i am surprised in a very bad manner about my government incapacity ( so if you want to send help , please send some logistic experts and many buses - [ here ] ( / / index.indavideo.hu / video/nagyon _ sokan_szeretnenek_feljutni_a_buszra_roszkenel ) is the situation at the border with serbia few hours ago . 
  but please admit that german politicians had a huge part into increasing the flow of migrants !, 
  imo tuesday will bring some relief rather - although it 'll be very ugly . 
  sources please ? 
   45 years of western europe frantically supporting russian colonialism in the east what ????? 
  thanks again . 
  i guess it 's kind of the same here ( minus the atheist part ) and with trianon replacing being swallowed by germany , 
   that makes you racist why ? 
  nobody was preaching about being superior or something . 
  this is a great answer , thanks a lot !, 
  here is a hard one : by accepting immigrants , what elements of your identity are you afraid of losing/diminishing ? 
  i am not criticizing you or your position in any way , just very curious ) . 
  from what i read it seems czechs are even more against quotas than hungary * ( could be wrong ) - any particular reasons ? 
  * i doubt people here will get very anti-eu if the quotas are enforced . 
  you do n't need to be an expert in queuing theory to know what will happen . 
  the refugees will buffer somewhere else but once the controls are lifted we 're back to square 1 . 
  also there is a risk ( it happened ) that many of them will not be content waiting in austria but will cross by foot - good luck handling that . 
   you think its ok that the have to stay sometimes month 's in flooded refugee camps waiting for distribution that will happen anyway , except said camps wo n't be in germany . 
  that 'll be a good opportunity for some politicians to show how humane they are while bashing the countries where this bottlenecks will happen ( it happened ) . 
   so , what the fuck ? 
  all the buzz is happening because until now germany was basically giving the message that `` yes please , come here '' and this is perceived as an 180 turnaround . 
   what international law is broken ? 
  none !, 
  from my experiences in finland , the biggest problems are not the salaries but the costs but you should know better than me obviously , 
  ca n't send them back if turkey will not accept them though . 
   we can guard coast near the turkey and do what , shoot them ? 
  imo , as you mentioned we should go australia way for this to work :(  also , we need to intervene in syria , i am sorry we intervened in libya and it was n't pretty at the end :(, 
  it 's much harder to go from middle east to italy ( via libya ) . 
  there were 4 000 coming in yesterday ... 
  i 'd say it 'll be more like a few hundred of thousands . 
   greece will have a problem closing hundreds of islands more like impossible . 
  but if hungary/slovenia are closing the borders that should be a signal for people to stop going to greece . 
  to my knowledge ( could be wrong ) there is no mention on where the refugees can travel - i guess you refer to geneva convention on refugees . 
  that 'll move the focus to serbia and greece though . 
  the biggest problem is that the refugees do n't wa n't to be processed here !, 
  the only way hungary could do that is by using riot police with all the arsenal , etc. 
  we 're getting shit for the measures until now , now imagine the pictures in world 's newspapers if that would happen . 
  also what message do the actions of germany & austria in the recent weeks give - i.e. 
  austria letting everybody thru ( while processing only those who want which is a tiny minority ) and germany letting everybody in ? 
  ( btw : according to the same treatyes austria should had processed all of them as well ) . 
  except we can not do that unless force will be used . 
  if we use force guess who 'll be the bad guy . 
  as usually , we ( hungarians ) are screwed . 
   there has never been an open invitation true , but there were plenty of things which could be considered as an open invitation and there has been no strong statement telling people not to go there . 
  things got really bad around here since the announcement not to deport syrians back to entry state . 
  idk , in hungary/serbian border they are getting restless after a few hours . 
  same in keleti station . 
  hungarian is missing : / ( n\u00e9gy ), 
  not sure if you are sarcastic or not . 
  this changes had to be approved by the parliament . 
  croatia is not yet in schengen . 
  duplicated entry : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3kilz6/csu_dennounces_merkels_refugee_policy_as_a/, 
  too many islands on a large surface i 'd guess . 
  good analogy !!!!, 
  but , it all boils down to what `` handle this stuff '' means !, 
  does it means eu taxpayers have to support for eternity someone coming from a warzone ? 
  yes , there are a lot of maybes ... 
  in europe we were all excited when the arab spring begun - and now look at the results . 
  btw : you did n't really answered my question wrt obligations and limits of said obligations . 
  let me put it differently : i am a syrian man with my family . 
  in your opinion , what should eu give me ? 
  none of those rights and conventions include the rights of refugees to go to their country of choice though - as someone in hungarian blogosphere put it : if i am chased down by thieves , i 'll not run to kempinski hotel 3 blocks away but to the nearby mcdonalds . 
  my head hurts now !, 
  great sophism !!, 
  where are those `` obligations '' coming from exactly and what are the limits of said `` obligations '' ? 
   the far right will continue to grow until a valid alternative is presented . 
  same here unfortunately :(, 
  i know , but we can still dream on  and sorry if i sound pedantic , but while on / r/europe could you please use liters instead of 3.6 l measures ? 
  ... also hungary for pretty much everything . 
  i know quite some foreigners who came here for dentistry or fertility issues . 
  let 's sing together [ dream on ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szfz8uwaofi ) , 
  oh , common - most romanian girls are definitely not blonde !, 
  by your definition : is [ this ] ( http://onlinereport.ro/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/luciu.jpg ) a gypsy or not ? 
  it 's not their kids probably though . 
  begging mafia is a pyramidal structure ... that 's why i advise all my tourist friends - never give money to beggars , always to charity . 
  at least in germany airports i saw ( munchen , frankfurt , dusseldorf , berlin ) i can transit to another schengen state without showing a thing . 
  also that is because if you are rejected by the destination state it 's the responsibility of the airline to bring you back to origin free of charge . 
  c'mon ; would it be fair for greece to keep 500k/year immigrants ( for a population of 10 million ) just because they happen to be the entry gate ? 
  also it 's not like greece and italy are sending them north ... they ca n't imprison them ... imo the problem has to be solved by quickening the asylum process and deporting back all immigrants once their country is deemed safe . 
  even assuming there is no eu/schengen and the countries are all having border controls , the only way to stop immigration to north would be prison and/or live ammo - which is obviously not the solution !, 
  edit : just realized my last paragraph ( before edit ) could be interpreted as me condoning shooting/imprisoning of innocent ... 
  probably the imported ones are too small ... 
  i does n't feel anything for me , honestly . 
  i introduce myself as first - last name to foreigners and last - first name to fellow hungarians , no biggie . 
  anecdote : i know a guy named herceg karoly - in translation that ' t be `` prince charles '' . 
  you forgot the best one : mkkp - the hungarian party of the dog with two tails . 
  among other cool things they promissed : * they will lie * free beer * replacing the stone lions on the chainbridge with live ones * eternal life for all hungarians * increase economy by exporting puli dogs to jamaica now , how cool is that ? 
  this is actually a great flowchart !, 
  there is an easy answer to that . 
  during commie years , there was a joke `` who are the neighbors of russia ? 
  - whomever russia wants ! '', 
  the difference is that big v is not accused of working on his own interest ( or some friends ) ... just saying . 
  not really , jobbik was rising much earlier than the migrants become a problem . 
   just a common indistinguishable bland eu drone nah , we can still post cats and polandballs , 
  sorry for not being clear , that was my impression based on many replies and not based on op , since it 's a megathread i decided to ask this on the parent, 
  good point , we should have a megathread about this where only the subjects of her majesty can comment ,
