  ( 1 ) eu countries should offer help to greece in defending its own borders . 
  ( 2 ) determination of asylum status should be determined outside of the schengen borders . 
  ( 3 ) the european union should draw up a list of safe countries . 
  ( 4 ) in order to gain additional monies each member state should raise its contribution to the eu budget by 1 % while they should reduce their expenses by 1 % . 
  this would produce three billion euros . 
  ( 5 ) certain countries should create `` special partnership agreements . '' for example , such a partnership could be developed between turkey and russia . 
  ( 6 ) the refugees should be distributed worldwide to ease the pressure on europe . 
  source : http://hungarianspectrum.org/2015/09/23/the-european-summit-has-begun-viktor-orban-arrived-with-a-plan/ he also proposed that eu to take over unhcr camps and that all migrants to be sent to the camp closer to their country of origin ( i ca n't find now an english source ) . 
   apparently some people believe eastern europe rejects the existence of other countries except western europe , us , russia yes , most countries are aware only of countries around them or whom influenced them culturally ( e.g. 
  usa ) . 
   do you fall in this category sure , i do n't feel culturally attached to china or vietnam ( while i acknowledge their existence ) . 
   in other words : are you a putin troll or a pro-eu `` evangelist '' ? 
  errr , this is , sorry to say an illogical question . 
  i am anti-putin and pro-eu but i have plenty of friends which are anti-eu and passionately hate putin . 
  thing is , no matter as much putin wants to present russia as a counter-alternative to the `` west '' he stands no chance on cultural ( i.e. 
  movies , music ) or economical grounds . 
  the only perspective russia gets people close is by force - but that 's like saying `` hey , if you do n't provoke the bully that means you are pro bully '' . 
  lgtm, 
   just goes to show how much anti-slavic racism is rampant in europe this part is just not true . 
  poland , slovenia , slovakia , bulgaria , croatia , czechia are all of slavic and noone is hating them . 
  no offence , but dozsa gyorgy was in curricula before ' 89 . 
  kinizsi pal was popularized via `` historical tales/povestiri istorice '' of dumitru almas . 
  edit : https://istoriiregasite.wordpress.com/2012/04/04/pavel-cneazul-cel-urias-povestiri-istorice/ ( romanian source ), 
   leader cult ? 
  state messing with enterprises ? 
  above-law rulers ? 
  most of them even have/had nationalistic tendencies yes , that 's why we call them dictatorships . 
  they were not fascist but communist ones though . 
  trouble is that if you do n't make it explicit you 'll end up pissing off everybody : right now the guys who are mostly for good discussions cry `` right wing circlejerking '' whereas those in for the news cry `` censorship '' . 
   any dictatorship can be called fascist nope . 
  north korea , cuba , belarus , ussr , ex-ee countries pre '89 ca n't be really called fascist . 
  unrelated : i forgot to thank you for bringing yourself in front of the hungry lions - we know how negatively upvoted you will be   we do . 
  in the end , the subreddit is defined by who own it . 
  / r/aww could turn into an anime sub tomorrow if the mods wanted to . 
  then please change the following sidebar : `` 50 ( +6 ) countries , 230 languages , 743m people ... 1 subreddit '' , some people might actually believe it . 
  for example / r/europeans makes it clear `` we aim to provide in-depth content with a european flair '', 
   if the russians ever consider investing in this , it could become serious , great , you just give them ideas < - jk ; thanks for the reply . 
   / r/europe is meant for discussion of events , not as a news source . 
  says who ? 
  you do realize this is at odds with reddit 's general slogan aka `` the front page of the internet '' . 
  somehow the removed topics which cause most grumbling tend to have huge amount of comments so i do n't think your point stands . 
   do you think we apply the rules fairly ? 
  lol no !, 
   do you think the rules are appropriately strict or too lenient/harsh ? 
  the local news excuse is moronic . 
  i have seen threads with 50 + points and 100 + comments being removed for `` local news '' . 
  it 's like the main purpose of users of reddit is to respect some arbitrary rules and not to have a place for discussion . 
  generally speaking of rules , i can tell they are applied very inconsistently with a slight bias towards left . 
  however , since you guys are criticized by both left and right that means you are somewhere in the middle . 
   how do you feel about the general direction of / r/europe ? 
  why does it needs to have a direction ? 
  the direction should be what interests users most . 
   how would you improve the quality of / r/europe ? 
  more transparency . 
  have elected mods and community defined rules . 
   the main nationalist politician of 1990s and early 2000s ( corneliu vadim tudor ) and fear that we 'll take back transylvania ... 
  anyway , a lot of romanians who studied under communism still genuinely believe the whitewashed history ( e.g. 
  romania never attacked anyone , defended christianity for thousand years , dozsa gyorgy ( ghorghe doja ) and kinizsi pal ( pavel cneazul ) were romanian etc ) . 
  how about your ex-pm and `` proud to be romanian '' campaign ? 
  or the dacian theorists ? 
   nationalism is only one of the components of fascism nationalism was one of the components of communism as well - especially but not limited to your country , 
   not technically required , but fascism still mostly appears in a tandem with nationalism . 
  you are confusing cause and effect - all dictatorships are nationalist as fuck . 
   on the other hand , we could say that any non-democratic regime is more or less fascist . 
  errrr , no ? 
  different dictatorships have different doctrines , it helps noone to just clamp all of them under `` fascism '' . 
  the press said there were some problems immediately after take of . 
  the `` airport '' - basically a grass covered field , is like 1 km away from where the plane landed . 
   truth is , neither only negative news nor positive news make it to the mainstream media , but sensational news . 
  is n't public media supposed to cover for that in germany ? 
  ( do n't get me wrong , in hungary i do n't trust state media not even for weather forecast ), 
   a few refugees commit crimes , therefore all refugees are evil ? 
  but do n't you think a society/country has the right to chose whom it lets in ? 
  heck , if i remember the mass media narrative , first it was all syrian woman and children ( never mind that eurostat were showing it 's 80 % man ) , then it was all scientists and doctors ... 
  oh please . 
  there are plenty of positive/make you feel sorry news in the mainstream media - drownings , individual stories of hard travel , hardship and hope , etc. 
  would you expect media to stop completely reporting facts ? 
  edit : forgot the ones on how migrants will make europe 's gdp explode . 
   can anyone shed some proper light on whether brexit would be likely to affect my ability to move to other eu i 'm speculating but it 'll probably be tit-for-tat . 
  if uk is not allowing eu members to freely move there , the eu will not allow uk citizens to do the same . 
   hate speech is defined by existing laws to my knowledge ( could be wrong ) hate speech laws are different from eu country to another . 
  so should the tech giants censor based on country specific or some generic thing ? 
  i am also uncomfortable to give private corporations the task of what is done by judiciary . 
  `` rail and space '' made me think of the polish space program launch vehicle : http://imgur.com/cvdevsf, 
  haha , thanks , this is hypercool to watch from the other side although i disagree 100 % . 
  not disagreeing with you . 
  soviet and romanian armies raped , killed and pillaged in my city in '45 . 
  soviet tanks killed my countryman in '56 - their crime : demanding freedom !, 
  hungary ( and romania ) paid back in war reparations much more than required . 
  so once more , how did the glorious soviet occupation benefit us ? 
  sorry , are you saying that ddr was better under soviets ? 
  and yes , i agree , ddr was probably the most advanced in terms of liveliness , for the same reasons you mention ( russia needed to prove they are better ) . 
  i 'd bet ee countries would have been way better off in the western sphere of influence - just look at the difference ddr-frg . 
  same people , same country , different regime - it 's like twin studies . 
  is this some trick question ? 
  if we look from any historical perspective , a union with russia always benefited one country only : russia itself !, 
  i challenge here the smarter russian shills to prove me wrong : give me an example on how a country under russian influence ever benefited in the last 80 years !, 
   they are n't going to a random german and ask `` how corrupt do you think is hungary ? '', 
  you wo n't believe this but two trucker buddies of mine claim they were asked for bribes in germany - by german police . 
   but its usually not a lot of money ( like 10 $ for the whole team ) and it is simply a nice gesture , not because they expect better treatment .
