  great post . 
  another thing we can thank `` communism '' is fucking up the collective moral/ethical system of values . 
  in communism , the only way you could advance in career was based on whom do you know and less on the competence . 
  and purely on who are your friends if we talk about ascending into the party ranks . 
  unfortunately this mentality is still very alive in the government structures - and i 'm talking of all our governments , not only the current one . 
   the worst kind of people are people who try to win arguments by quoting dictionaries thanks , i guess , that 's a first ; you implying the dictionary definition is wrong ? 
  anyway , that is also the definition of communism i was thought in school before ' 89 . 
  better now ? 
  you can not have communism - at least not as dreamed by marx - without the social aspect ( egalitarianism ) or political one ( power belonging to the working class/dictatorship of the people , etc ) . 
  on another hand capitalism can do fine thanks just as a market theory regardless of political aspect . 
  if you refer to various communes which exist here and there in the world then yes , we can remove the political aspect ( you 'll still have the social though ) - but then please mention which communism you are talking about . 
   communism also brought some good . 
  as compared to ? 
   lots of social liberties , socialized services , education and healthcare , high literacy rate and everyone was entitled to the same political and legal rights . 
  we have all this now as well - this is a result of a well functioning economy and some socialist governments . 
  you sure ? 
   com \u00b7 mu \u00b7 nism\u02c8k\u00e4my\u0259\u02ccniz\u0259m / noun  a political theory derived from karl marx , advocating class war and leading to a society in which all property is publicly owned and each person works and is paid according to their abilities and needs . 
  no east european country had communism - just because a donkey is painted with stripes it 's not a zebra . 
  what we had were totalitarian/dictatorships . 
  ergo , your question defaults to `` whats wrong with a dictatorship '' ? 
   pensions for the native population our government nationalized the private pensions a while ago in order to fit into deficit :(, 
   czech republic should be kicked out of the eu xen \u00b7 o \u00b7 pho \u00b7 bi \u00b7 a \u02cczen\u0259\u02c8f\u014db\u0113\u0259 , \u02ccz\u0113n\u0259\u02c8f\u014db\u0113\u0259 / noun intense or irrational dislike or fear of people from other countries . 
  man , i 'm so drunk right now that the only thing i can say is : `` bucura-te bucuroaie ca s-a intors bucur bucuros de la bucuresti '' . 
  a i was saying , i have no idea how bucuresti become bucharest , 
   not allowed to join because territorial disputes i 'll try tomorrow to look into the acquis . 
  but based on past eu expansion so far really seems to be the case . 
   clever putin overplayed everyone again as now ukraine ca n't join the eu do n't know if clever putin or week eu . 
  moldova , georgia and ukraine all have now frozen conflicts of putin 's make . 
  my country is presented as `` in bed with russia '' . 
  personally , i think putin is like a school bully , beating smaller kids for lunch money . 
  but i do n't understand why germany is opposing permanent nato bases in poland . 
  in other words poles should n't have nato bases they want , but they should have the refugee quota which they do n't want . 
  yes , but does greek cyprus has a territorial dispute with turkish cyprus ? 
   a specific protocol on cyprus is attached to the accession treaty which foresees that in the absence of a settlement , the application of the acquis shall be suspended to the northern part of the island until the council decides unanimously otherwise , on the basis of a proposal by the commission . 
  in other words : the door is open for the integration of the turkish cypriots in the eu . 
  source : http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/archives/enlargement_process/past_enlargements/eu10/cyprus_en.htm, 
  srsly , you want me to dig in the acquis ? 
   i remember reading it was an issue when romania joined eu ( wrt . 
  republic of moldova ) and a current issue with serbia wrt kosovo . 
  check this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accession_of_serbia_to_the_european_union#negotiation_progress and also note # 3 ( down on the page ) . 
   the cost of securing the boarders of that place eu does n't mean schengen - it 'll only mean ukrainians can enter schengen without visas . 
   parts are in civil war no country can join eu if the border situation with neighbors it 's not settled . 
  ( and neither if they are in a civil war obviously ) . 
   we will get foot with the bill . 
  who is paying now anyway ? 
   i am aware of kalingrad do n't forget finland , poland and cute little baltics . 
  anyway , i do n't like the argument that `` escalate the situation with putin '' - he 'll never like any change in the status quo . 
   the ukrainians will flee the place , we can have restrictions like there were for romania and bulgaria . 
   their government is far right in today 's mess i ca n't really say what is left and right . 
  you mean they are far right economically or politically ? 
  also most europe is leftist atm . 
  that 's egalitarianism , not communism . 
  but is n't it almost the same in scandinavia ? 
  also in japan ( at least in lean companies like toyota ) bosses are rewarded with respect and authority because they are supposed to be than their subordinates . 
  ( manager as a teacher principle ) . 
  a country can join eu only if it has no territorial disputes with its neighbors so it 's already included . 
  i was born way before '89 - at the politics classes we were told that communism can not work without homo communistikus . 
  in practice homo communistikus means that everyone will work extremely motivated without getting paid ( because money is a capitalist invention ) and everyone will get things according to needs . 
  however , communistikus would be so self aware that he would never take more than he needs . 
  if you read evolutionary psychology should realize that contradicts a lot of natural ( in the sense of hard wired ) traits that we inherit from our animal past . 
  what i do : vote in a conscious manner and try to convince others to do the same . 
  one thing that i would improve should i have a magic wand : eradicate corruption . 
  it 's romania 's fault - they want to steal our glory ... or something  anyway , romanian for bucharest is bucuresti - do n't know why the international version is so different . 
  agree , there are many more things to be worked out . 
  i also always thought that readmission agreements are eu level , seems i was wrong . 
  if i understand correctly the document , it will make it harder for asylum shoppers as well . 
  anyway , the main reason i posted this is hoping people will understand that although slowly * , things are moving at institution level and eu is much more than merkel deciding on everything . 
  * things will move much faster if we do n't have unanimity requirement but then it 's like omg dictatorship . 
  tbh , for european eye the us commercials ( granted , i was there 10 years ago ) were fun : - geiko - join the army - car - vote xyz for congres - cialis ( if the erection persists for more than 2 hours contact your doctor ) - sue someone, 
  depending what you mean by `` us tv '' . 
  we get most of the tv series and movies ( e.g. 
  hbo ) and that 's the most important thing . 
  us humor shows are not so big here , since they tend to relate to us events and not many people here care about donald trump . 
   i 'm assuming our tv has a lot more quality . 
  this is a dangerous statement in / r/europe  the thing i like more here is that there is a limit ( by law ) on how many minutes of advertising can be . 
  honestly , when i was in us i could n't watch a movie - commercials every 6-10 minutes . 
  i know , but i want a legal and reliable source . 
  if i want to i can get all the movies i want from torrentz/popcorntime clones for free . 
  anyway , country restrictions really suck - if i am willing to pay the same price like someone in usa why ca n't we have the same access to digital content ? 
  here in hungary cable is quite cheap if compared to us : ~ 18 eur for 91 digital channels and i hear romania is even cheaper . 
  document to be discussed at malta ec meeting . 
  my highlights : any third-country national physically present on the territory of an eu member state is either staying legally or illegally . 
  there is no third option . 
  the following categories of third-country nationals are , for instance , considered as illegally staying in the member state concerned : - holders of an expired residence permit or visa ; - holders of a withdrawn permit or visa ; - rejected asylum seekers ; - asylum applicants who have received a decision ending their right of stay as asylum seeker - persons subject to a refusal of entry at the border ; - persons intercepted in connection with irregular border crossing ; - irregular migrants apprehended in member state territory ; - persons enjoying no right to stay in the member state of apprehension ( even though they are holding a right to stay in another member state ) ; - persons present on member state territory during a period of voluntary departure ; - persons subject to postponed removal . 
  the following categories of persons are not covered by the term apprehended or intercepted by the competent authorities in connection with the irregular crossing of external borders , because there is no more direct connection to the act of irregular border crossing : - irregular entrants who are apprehended within member state territory , within a certain period after irregular entry ; - irregular migrants apprehended in a border region ( unless there is still a direct connection to the act of irregular border crossing ) ; - an irregular migrant leaving a bus coming from a third country , if the bus has already made several stops in eu territory ; - irregular migrants who , having been expulsed at a previous occasion , infringe a still valid entry ban ( unless they are apprehended in direct connection with irregular border crossing ) ; - irregular migrants crossing an internal border ( nb : both the wording of article 2 ( 2 ) a and article 13 sbc clearly refer to `` external borders '' ) . 
   serbia = siberia . 
  rofl , ca n't be true ; this is probably in the same category as `` what 's the best spot to see the kangaroos in austria ''  and nothing is wrong with being part of the balkans . 
  around here a situation is described as `` balkanik '' if it 's a chaos initially but somehow , with a big push at the end , we manage to save the day . 
  yes , and budapest is totally same thing with bucharest ... , 
  i hope nobody puts hungary in balkans . 
  although top comment says that some people think even cute little eesti is there ...  how about serbia ? 
  i mean it 's crossed by danube . 
   what about the fact that greece is a struggling country and tourism on precisely those islands ... 
  i would dare to say ( could be wrong ) the tourism on those islands is already suffering due to the situation . 
  from what i can see here ( and in uk ) tabloid media is quite quick on reporting `` horror '' vacation stories . 
  what i hope is to send back the immigrants immediately - e.g. 
  was reading that germany will repatriate most afghans - and forward the legitimate refugees this way a buildup could be avoided . 
  in time , i hope the news will spread and the economic migrants will stop using the route altogether . 
  of course , it requires investments ( which should be footed by eu ) , readmission treaties and massive assistance . 
  but at the end it would still be cheaper than if those people get processed and subsequently rejected by e.g.
