  i stand corrected - not a good idea to quote from memory at 2 am , 
   so you agree that allowing free movement can be a disadvantage ? 
  nope , i certainly did n't want to imply that . 
  in short term and certain situations of course it can be a disadvantage due to tragedy of the commons pattern , on medium long no . 
   why then should there not be compromise ? 
  there will be a compromise . 
  it 's just that there is no way that compromise will grant even better position to uk than today . 
  in juridical terms single market is defined as freedom of movement of goods , services , money and people . 
  if any of them is missing you ca n't have single market ( again , that 's the official definition not the layman understanding )  a significant part of the eu 's freedom of movement has been freedom of movement to the uk . 
  ~ ~ nope . 
  if the graphs posted few days ago are any true , there are around the same number of brits living in eu . ~ ~ < - corrected below also please remember that almost half of your immigration comes from outside eu . 
   why should we not be allowed to do it now instead ? 
  because that 'll grant uk all the advantages of being in eu without any of the disadvantages . 
  bear in mind that any deal shall be ratified by eu 27 - and not everyone cares that the brits will buy less bmws . 
  also the eurosceptic parties lost ground across the continent . 
  guess protest citizens got a bit scared . 
  uk - the gift that keeps on giving , 
   and want to use the uk as an example , as a deterrence . 
  and you are saying this based on ? 
  so far we have seen more bellicose speech coming from uk politicians than from eu leaders . 
  also i do n't think there is yet a 50 % increase on xenophobic attack targeting british nationals residing in mainland . 
  opposing a generous deal is not punishing . 
  thank you in the name of all people on mobile, 
  it is not happening in whole europe but in eea . 
  the reason is the same as why freedom of movement is important within your own country . 
  where is that 17k number coming from ? 
  i do n't remember having so many in hungary currently ( could be wrong ) . 
  do you wish our first born as well master for your generosity or prima nocta will suffice ? 
  this was a good analysis at that time but now it is obsolete - the constitutional court allowed ( finally ) the opposition 's question wrt sunday shopping - the government decided to repel the law rather than going for a referendum . 
  this happened 3 months ago . 
  i think this 2014 article describes well orban 's stance : https://www.stratfor.com/weekly/borderlands-hungary-maneuvers - also if you follow the money ( not the mouths of politicians ) you 'll see that probably germany is actually closer to russia . 
  you are probably right - living here makes me have tunnel vision in some things ; i mean to us it 's obvious it 's not needed , other people outside hungary probably not so much . 
  because that 's the referendum law ... heck , for hungary 's accession to eu the turnout was 45 % ( but the government at that time changed the law to allow it valid if it 's 25 % turnout ) . 
   i suppose orban is doing this partly for scoring political points at home the elections are in two years . 
  whatever points they 'll win will be long forgotten . 
  also it 's actually risky he wo n't have 50 % participation ( meaning most people do n't care which is true ) . 
  2/3ds support government stance if i remember well, 
  tbh , nobody understands why this referendum is actually needed - it 's not like it will matter to the commission or council . 
  call me surprised if it manages to gather the 50 % participation rate . 
  ftse 100 is the right thing to watch apparently . 
  ftse 250 is scareware from evil eu . 
  it 's also good for the exports , 
   my girlfriend is a vegetarian and from what i recall it 's not supereasy being a vegetarian in hungary but maybe the situation has changed , do you know anything about it ? 
  10 years ago the vegetarian food in most restaurants was fried cheese indeed . 
  situation now is much improved , there are also a lot of vegetarian only restaurants , google for `` budapest vegetarianus etterem '' - i also found you a list of best vegetarian restaurants [ here ] ( http://varosban.blog.hu/2014/06/18/itt_a_lista_a_legjobb_vegetarianus_ettermek_budapesten ) . 
  there are also plenty of hummus bars spread through the center . 
  edit : happycow also has a good list https://www.happycow.net/europe/hungary/budapest/, 
   but we all clearly know at least what specific country in the european sphere clearly shows these properties time and time again i for one have no idea . 
  russia maybe ? 
  - they are authoritarian and nationalistic but not right wing . 
   the genuine concerns of our citizens need to be better reflected , '' the group 's four prime ministers said in a joint statement delivered last week , in which they appealed for the eu 's executive to be restrained . 
  `` instead of endless theoretical debates on ` more europe ' or ` less europe ' , we need to focus on ` better europe ' , '' they wrote . 
  polite enough ? 
  the demand part is the title from the guardian . 
  ufff , do n't underestimate the possibilities . 
  angry brits will surely be a hit game !, 
  clash of clowns it 's also a distinct possibility . 
  it 's same thing as why freedom of movement is beneficial within your country . 
  should london introduce a point based migration system for those born outside it ? 
  also germany does n't allow double citizenship to my knowledge . 
  unfortunately that 's not how direct democracy works . 
  remember - it was established that many `` leavers '' were people whom felt silenced for a reason or another . 
  should they be silenced once more that 'll end up in violence . 
  alas , the common voice of eu27 was clear : there is no way back - and you know , it takes two to dance . 
  / u/vertitto - sry , i had a lag and pressed twice submit - then deleted the wrong one . 
  as to why at # 1 - we 'll have riots on the streets in short term if brexit would n't formally happen ; and anyway the oldest modern democracy in europe ( magna charta ) ca n't say no to a referendum . 
  please no . 
  orban did the same but at least he was between a rock and a hard place . 
  after each round of elections the small parties fell out or were absorbed into big ones . 
  10 years ago we had basically two parties : socialists ( center - left ) and fidesz-kdnp ( center right ) . 
  fidesz won 2/3 ( after 8 years of disastrous socialist government ) and socialists exploded into 3 factions ( where they still are ) . 
  immediately after , fidesz moved to the illiberal thing so no one could tell you where they are from economical perspective . 
  as long as they are in power , there is no chance of fidesz exploding . 
  there are plenty of small parties but due to the new electoral system - first past the post - makes it next to impossible for a new/small party to gain enough . 
  for example the biggest loser of last elections in terms of % of votes vs seats in parliament was jobbik . 
  it depends on what you mean by moderate  what many external people do n't understand is that should orban not have been tough on migration there would have been a real risk for jobbik to win next election . 
  ( something like austria ) . 
  i believe orban will win the next one ( 2 years from now ) . 
  jobbik is pivoting to cater for the same segment as orban 's fidesz and break away from their nazi past but most people do n't buy it yet . 
  socialists - currently split into 3 parties seem currently incapable to unite . 
  there is also a big apathy wrt voting in the population , if i remember well ~ 50 % of people are undecided . 
  in my opinion orban triggered this referendum for internal politics reasons - to score points against jobbik . 
  from external politics it 's kind of useless waste of money : the parliament would back such a message with 2/3 's and based on surveys around the same % of population . 
  anyway , i really doubt we 'll reach 50 % participation rate for it to be declared valid . 
  yes , but nobody will push them to join before they are truly ready - nobody wants greece 2.0 . 
  i can already imagine the leave argument : we are receiving 50 m/week from eu . 
  that money should be taken from the healthcare system instead . 
  maybe i was just too annoying , 
   'm wondering if the airline makes any difference as long as it 's an european company it does n't . 
   quiet people who only enjoy social interactions if drunk :p yes , many finnish males behave like having two antagonist modes . 
  for example finns from oulu ( which are considered weird in helsinki ) are very quiet when sober and extremely loud when drunk . 
  in finland : was explicitly told `` we do not speak during lunch '' - meaning i should shut up . 
  oh man , i owe you big time - this is much more than i was expecting . 
  if you ever come by budapest drop me a message and the first lager is on me . 
  in most europe - btw : healthcare systems are not integrated so there are country to country differences , the system mostly looks like this : everybody pays a percentage of their salary - for me it 's 4 % for healthcare ( and 10 % mandatory payment to pension funds ) . 
  in exchange ( as long as i am insured ) - the state covers all cost of treatment . 
  i am supposed to buy my medication in most cases but it 's fairly cheap anyway . 
  but , there is a list of approved medications and interventions . 
  for example , a friend of mine is waiting a baby and they came out with high risk of down syndrome based on the basic blood tests . 
  the state only covers amniocentesis ( invasive ) but private clinics offer a non invasive procedure for ~ 500 eur .
