  now gib back . 
  please keep vaslui though , 
  sooo , what do you think : are you a better driver than the average ? 
   between that we had the city-state and religious identity agree . 
  it was also a matter of survival on times where the biggest army would usually win - so larger populations had to unite ; the religious identity just overlapped with the existing hierarchy ( that 's why it was said for example that king 's identity comes from god ) . 
   whenever we allow natural limitations to set the boundaries of what we can and ca n't do , we regressed . 
  i agree with you on the first part but i am genuinely curious why you consider it a regression ? 
  personally , i consider it a fact of life . 
  we 'll need many more years of evolution before our brains get over the 100 limit ( assuming we will evolve in that direction ) . 
   in this day and age , what value is there is actually caring about your nationality ? 
  assuming `` global citizenship '' means caring about your nationality ... why not care about nationality ? 
  when shit hit the fan in my country it was n't the global citizens who solved it . 
  ask anyone in greece or ukraine about it for example . 
  also please note that humanity spent tens of thousands of years in a hierarchy of family/tribe - nation states replacing the tribe in the last few hundreds of years . 
  our brains are limited on how much people we can closely interact with ~ around 100 . 
  if those people happen to be majority of same nationality we will naturally identify with it as well for most cases . 
  i clicked on the article hoping to see a definition of global citizenship ... was disappoint :  one problem with polling attitudes on identity is that `` global citizenship '' is a difficult concept to define and the poll left it open to those taking part to interpret . 
  so we are n't unfortunately sure what does it means :( reminds me of the poll where 80 % of world 's population think they are better than average at whatever their occupation is . 
  luckily for him the economy is doing good-ish , real wages are up . 
  he also bought back the utility companies and imposed lower prices on those . 
  the perception of many people is therefore that they are as corrupt as the previous government but they are more competent . 
  in an interesting twist , jobbik - the far-far-right opposition party tries to rebrand itself in the same political spectrum as orban 's party just less corrupt . 
   less freedom of speech , harsh jail time , militarization ? 
  there is no harsh jail time or militarization , lol . 
  a new proposed anti-terror law is planned to grant more power to military in an event of terrorism . 
  freedom of speech is manipulated mostly by economical means - deciding who gets money for state paid advertisement . 
  also the second largest tv station got bought by an orban friendly guy ( and promptly started bashing the opposition ) . 
  i disagree - none of the big ones started with unlimited funds . 
  there are plenty of examples when companies with virtually unlimited funds fared worse : e.g. 
  google 's attempts to take over facebook or microsoft 's forays into search . 
  or nokia to make a decent ios alternative on time . 
  there are alternatives . 
  the only problem is that they are not so good . 
  not really - by buying alcatel nokia gets access to us market and to fix infrastructure - it 'll finally be a match to ericsson or huawey in terms of portfolio . 
  contrary to popular belief nokia still exists ... whereas withings make a lot of really cool products . 
  ok , you guys keep getting rid of the war criminals and i 'll keep coming as a tourist . 
  i love croatia and croats regardless of what politicians have to say ( ina-mol )  unrelated : in terms of services and price/quality croatia was still beating greece last summer . 
  unrelated # 2 : love omis/duce ( 4 summers there in a row ), 
  ( i am/je suis / u/jkronberger ), 
  damn it ! . 
  i found a thing where i agree with you  while android is approaching a monopoly status - btw : apple is much more integrated and closed to 3 ` rd party - there is no sense on comparing google with ww . 
  you sir are in trouble for depicting erdogan as the core of a ... dick shape !, 
   expect an official request that your reddit id will be identified . 
  damn - the advantage of being first in the market . 
  only 1 in 200 are descendants of gengis khan . 
   the case is now being investigated by pol\u00edcia judiciaria what is policia judiciaria ? 
  it 's like an anti terrorism unit ? 
  in hungary police must investigate any case where injuries occur ( even traffic injuries ) but when there are gunshots/explosions the anti terrorism unit ( tek ) comes in . 
  if the owner is the guy with the machete/big knife he has balls of steel . 
  v4 is still not guilty for the failure of the eu22 agreement , 
   we could n't figure out how to distribute the refugees inside the eu , thanks to you mr. orban . 
  please let me know when you * are done with redistributing of the 160 000 which was agreed by 22 states . 
  last time i checked it was 1600 people distributed ( * by you meaning the said 22 states ) . 
  but sure , it 's so much more convenient to just blame it on orban ... 
   he is seen as a populist seriously , is there any politician whom is not populist ? 
   that even if agreed with something from the eu , will try to spin it for nationalist support true . 
  it 's funny when he says something in the lines of `` hungary was , is and will be european but bruxxels bureaucrats suck '' . 
  not to speak of radio adverts like `` orban government fought eu to get what is rightfully ours ''   he is also blamed for allowing jobbik rise by using their talking points very nope . 
  few years ago most of jobbik 's voter base was from the imploded socialist party . 
  also , using opposition 's talking points is classical containment manouver . 
  orban 's tough stance on migration got him votes from jobbik and did n't created them . 
   and iirc , there was a scandal about freedom of speech and a journalist at the start of his mandate ? 
  no idea . 
  his party tries hard to control the media but i do n't recall such scandal . 
  damn , i have n't seen it on index or 444 . 
   so , as somebody who disagrees with orban on almost anything what do you mean by this ? 
  i disagree with orban on a shitton of internal stuff ( mainly corruption in his party ) but i 'm curious on how is he perceived from outside . 
  it 's not public yet . 
  although i guess it will contain many elements of v4 's previous proposals . 
  i also guess it will be largely ignored just like the previous proposals . 
  seems much more facile for media to frame the narrative as `` the good guys with a plan - aka germany '' vs `` the annoying bad guys without a plan '' . 
  edit : to all lovely people downvoting/disagreeing without telling why : orban had proposals in august ( ca n't find source ) , [ september ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34324319 ) or [ v4 in february ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/how-migrants-brought-central-europe-together-visegrad-group-orban-poland/ ) p.s. 
  i do n't like orban and have n't voted for him at last elections . 
   do you think we should not grant asylum to the yezidi girl fleeing from persecution by the is ? 
  as per hungarian - and to my knowledge german - law no , we do n't have to if they come from a safe country . 
   should we not grant asylum to a turkish journalist that is threatened with prison because he attacked erdogan ? 
  for a turkish journalist probably yes , since he is not coming from a safe ( for him/her ) country . 
   the migration problem is made worse by the free flow of people within the schengen area i disagree . 
  to get into schengen migrants have to pass through 3 countries with border controls . 
  so unless there is political will to block any illegal from entering it does n't matter if it 's schengen or not . 
   if it makes women feel safe and or actually makes them safe i \u00b4 m all for the safety of women and or making them feel safe you know , not allowing them to exit their homes will make them even safer ... 
  ok , maybe bono can provided a list with approved parties for the next elections . 
  i 'm in, 
   it was the election committee not the supreme court it was the supreme court aka kuria . 
  use it . 
   is to try to devaluate the huf against eur and usd because this would not only boost exports well , the huf went from ~ 285 pre crisis to 310 nowadays so we are 10-15 % cheaper . 
  at the same time i doubt it 'll be good for economy to swing to 400 ( economy does n't likes this type of shocks ) and high inflation ( which nobody likes ) . 
   thus helping local producers to compete local producers of what ? 
  food as part of gdp is not big enough to warrant such a risky move . 
  cross comment from / r/panamapapers : https://www.reddit.com/r/panamapapers/comments/4delt7/why_use_a_shell_corporation_from_legit_to_naughty/, 
  key word is `` almost '' . 
  apparently i suck at mastering british humor  idea came from here at around 1:15 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afl9wfgje0m, 
  apparently , for some reasons which marginally involve almost winning two world wars they are wary of anything which might be regarded as overly nationalistic . 
  call it `` the almost winner 's guilt '' , 
  was talking of well know brands not that much about cuisine - because then we would got stuck for ages at france or italy , 
  well , if they could do a movie called [ lesbian vampire killers ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1020885/ ) ... 
  great , if waves that flag we can have a sequel to [ iron sky ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1034314/ ) only this time with nazi zombies  sorry , i did n't mean any disrespect to the deceased , just have a too vivid imagination . 
  this was posted around 6-12 months ago . 
  people with german flair gave the following answer ( please correct me if i am wrong ) : due to their past it 's considered very bad taste to display any form of nationalism - which includes waving the flag . 
  naturally , you can debunk the above sentence if you find videos of previous chancellors waving flags .
