  in the rare event i use them , i copy paste from somewhere else . 
  you are absolutely correct thought , it 's `` j\u00f3 '' not `` jo '' , 
  doubt it . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/persze ) quotes it 's origin from the latin `` per se '' ( by itself ) . 
  although , i can totally remember some of my ex-bosses which were arses by themselves :d, 
  in hungarian phonetics , `` sz '' ( that 's a letter btw ) is pronounced like `` s '' in finnish phonetics - i think pronunciation is exactly the same  ), 
  random tidbit # 2 : hungarian jo ( meaning good ) can also be used as yes . 
  random tidbit # 3 : in hungarian , persze means `` off course/sure '' , i was told to not say it out loud when speaking on my phone in public while in finland . 
  in the context of your question is fear of migrants same thing as fear of migration ? 
  it 's 100 % romanian - the banner says something about renovating gardens . 
  bucharest maybe ? 
   would n't they then technically be coming from europe to turkey ? 
  i shorted my explanation - the old agreement was that turkey will accept as refugees only european citizens ... 
  as i said , it depends if the interconnection fees are also regulated ( which i do n't know ) . 
  for example , right now if an elisa customer is calling a telia one , elisa will pay 0.0001 eur/sec ( i 'm making up this number ) to telia and the other way around . 
  the same thing applies for international roaming . 
  so if you have 1 million finns all streaming home in 1080p their vacation in greece that 'll be bloody expensive for elisa . 
   it 's still clearly against the spirit of the regulation . 
  agree , but it seems for the time being regulators were more worried about voice traffic . 
   the reason for the eu roaming regulation is that competition is not lowering roaming charges as effectively as it should i used to believe this until i saw what digi did in romania - for 6 eur/mo they have unlimited calls to all europe . 
  oh wow , i thought that 'll be 4.90 / month - but then i forgot that a lapin kulta costs 5-6 eur in a pub  but again , there is no way anyone ( except competition ) can convince them to change their minds for the reasons i mentioned . 
  that 's not a loophole - it 's a choice - just like different isp providers offer different things . 
  if you are annoyed , just switch to another operator which does n't do such things . 
  also it 's still way better than what vodafone is currently doing in hungary - charging 3 eur/day to have same services in europe as inside hungary . 
  i agree - but any solution is better than no solution . 
  and at least this one has the advantage of not letting greece down - granted at a high political cost . 
  and anyways , borders will still stay closed to migrants in case this one does n't work . 
  ( that 's plan b but we do n't talk about because it means greece is screwed ) . 
  it 's unclear from op 's statement what they actually offer - in first case he mentions 0.25 mbs in the second its 250 mb / ** day ** so it 's comparing daily traffic with bandwidth . 
  my guess is that in the first case they will actively throttle the connection , in second one it 'll be best available . 
  i did n't followed the directive into its intimacy so i do n't know if it also sets a eu wide minimum interconnecting fee . 
  if there is no such thing some operators might actually be losing money . 
  ( and i mean literally losing and not like in losing by not making money ) . 
  trouble is that it 's next to impossible to guarantee any speed ( nb . 
  bandwidth ! = speed ) when you are roaming - that 'll mean your operator to make a promise on behalf of other operators and they will probably use this excuse . 
  2g is available everywhere by design , i assume that 's why they are using it as a base `` speed '' . 
  same way as any national immigration office would do - language ( accent included ) and location tests ( e.g. 
  how is the relief around your city , etc ) . 
   can someone please explain why did / r/europe upvote this comment ? 
  care to elaborate ? 
  what is so ultragious that it should n't have a grand total of 15 points , 
  care to elaborate a bit ? 
  what will fail and why in your opinion ? 
  most non-syrians will probably get rejected and promptly returned to turkey so a huge step ahead . 
  if i remember well from unhcr data syrians are less than 30 % currently . 
  i do n't understand either how exactly paragraphs 1 , 4 and 7 are supposed to work together   they should declare turkey safe and deport everyone . 
  problem is eu can declare turkey safe as much as it wants but turkey has no obligation to accept people back . 
  also turkey has a narrow interpretation of geneva convention meaning they will consider refugees only someone coming from europe . 
  from the article itself :  `` all new irregular migrants crossing from turkey into greek islands as from 20 march 2016 will be returned to turkey . ''  this includes both refugees fleeing conflict and persecution as well as economic migrants , and it applies irrespective of where the refugees originally come from . 
   the measure will be a `` temporary and extraordinary measure which is necessary to end the human suffering and restore public order '' . 
   to meet international law , migrants will be `` duly registered and any application for asylum will be processed individually by the greek authorities '' . 
   those who do not , or whose applications are rejected , will be returned . 
   the eu will also `` welcome turkey 's commitment that migrants returned to turkey will be protected in accordance with the international standards . ''  for every syrian refugee being returned to turkey from greek islands , another syrian refugee will be resettled from turkey to the eu . 
   women and children will be prioritised under `` un vulnerability criteria . '' priority will also be given to those who have not previously been deported from greece . 
   the eu will use 18,000 spare places from an earlier resettlement scheme , and up to 54,000 places from a slow-moving plan to redistribute refugees in greece and italy around the eu . 
   when the numbers approach 72,000 the scheme will be `` reviewed '' -- and if the numbers exceed 72,000 the scheme will be `` discontinued '' . 
  they will do that on the islands and send the rejected ones back immediately . 
   are they first offered an option to apply for asylum in greece there were talks of sending thousands of judges and translators so that the decision if someone qualifies for asylum can be given in hours/days . 
  this way the cases are treated individually in accordance to the law . 
  index.hu is the largest internet portal . 
  also credible ( i.e. 
  this is not in the tabloid part ) . 
  i was presenting the facts . 
  anyway , then please explain this : http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-lampedusa-fingerprint-iduskbn0u02h720151217 or this http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-asylum-insight-iduskbn0oq0eu20150610 ( or just google refugees refuse fingerprint italy ) as for hungarian 's government - giving a strong message that migrants are not welcomed was a much better move imo than the very mixed messages coming from the german government . 
   refugees refusing to register in hungary that 's illegal btw . 
  if they refuse to register that means they are not to be considered as asylum seekers and shall be denied entry . 
  also apparently was not a problem for other 180 k people who registered . 
   is a home-made problem of the hungarian government there were many similar problems also in greece and italy - the main quoted reason being fear of dublin . 
  you do realize there is a contradiction in what you write ? 
  on one hand the migrant did n't want to stay in hungary because of what orban said and totally not going to germany because of what merkel said ... 
  if my understanding is correct the plan is to use the already agreed system ( with the 160 000 k ) . 
  probably hungary received some guarantee that mandatory quota will not happen because otherwise i do n't see orban allowing it . 
  also for / u/justshavethatbeard - because it 's finally breaking/explaining the circlejerk of `` it 's germany 's fault '', 
  no offence but did you read the post ( or shall i say novel ) - especially the part called `` what about the german `` welcome culture '' ? '', 
  wow , just amazingly wow . 
  i will comment from a hungarian perspective . 
  i am absolutely not disagreeing , just adding the local perspective . 
  first at all hungary unilaterally [ withdrew from dublin agreement in late june ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jun/24/the-boat-is-full-hungary-suspends-eu-asylum-rule-blaming-influx-of-migrants ) . 
  wrt sept 3-5 period . 
  i do n't remember reading of an emergency meeting with merkel - fenyman - orban , but that orban tried to call fenyman just to be told , call me tomorrow . 
  also , after the unfortunate tweet of `` syrians exempt of dublin '' was sent the situation in hungary became unmanageable since migrants flat out refused to be registered . 
  the rest is history ... 
   really do n't want to spend all the money we spend on bases in places like germany . 
  those bases are not to protect germany anymore but to allow us to project power elsewhere . 
  also do n't forget that military sphere of influence come often with economical sphere of influence so there might be hidden costs . 
   it feels like we get ripped off when it comes to nato as well this is legit for now - with the latest russia aggression more and more countries are willing to spend the 2 % of gdp . 
   no one wants to invade europe cough , ukraine , is in europe , cough . 
  and anyway , the amount us spends on bases is dwarfed by the numbers spent in wars in afghanistan and iraq . 
   yes . 
  ferrari does this . 
  now please tell me how gazprom worries about their brand ... :p i can totally see commercials like `` buy gazprom - the ferrari of gaz '' :d, 
   this is not only unacceptable for russia , it is also somewhat fraudulent . 
  why ? 
  the gas was paid , gazprom got their money - if i buy your car today , can you forbid me to sell it tomorrow ? 
  also , from the article :  german vice chancellor sigmar gabriel travelled to poland early this year where he promised the new pipeline would go ahead only if russia did not cut off ukraine and eastern european gas flows . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  probably putin is rofl-ing now . 
  huh , excuse my ignorance but can i buy a gun in hungary ???? 
  i always thought they are allowed only if i am some dignitary/rich guy . 
  i guess i am part of the 99 % clueless ... ,
