   there is no such law or principle . 
  i did n't say that . 
  a group of countries ( or any individual country ) can raise issues to ec - that 's well within the eu framework . 
   i think it speaks volumes that these states are extremely critical about ns2 but not about ss . 
  i am not so sure . 
  i mean if we look at the list of countries : - baltics could benefit from ns2 - poland is n't so much a transit country - romania is basically gas independent - hungary we 're not a big transit either ( same for slovakia and czech )  it is still russian gas . 
  paraphrasing emperor vespasian `` gas smells the same ''  i do n't care where it comes from , i am worried of the strings attached . 
   this does not mean poland if ns2 happens then poland is on a separate branch which can be closed at will by putin . 
  also , currently , poland is paying one of the highest prices for has in eu - so the transit fee argument is moot . 
   transit through ukraine gives the potential for interference gas cut was done by russia , not ukraine . 
   call it heartless , but so far ukraine is not part of the eu . 
  i fully agree on a rational level . 
  on an emotional one , like someone from a country which have been occupied by russia i strongly do n't   gas transit can potentially increase in the future it wo n't double though too soon . 
  this :  this would be critical and it likely is n't realistic . 
  is contradicting this :  this is why we have to ensure that we have capabilities to transfer gas to eastern europe and , under certain circumstances , ukraine . 
  i ca n't find a source ( so please correct me if i am wrong ) but i remember reading somewhere that gazprom is essentially forbidding this type of transfers . 
   the analogy is n't really correct that 's why i said `` almost ''  there are too many voices presenting this as just a business deal . 
  is germany starved of gas currently ? 
  because this article claims half of capacity is used : http://www.politico.eu/article/why-nord-stream-is-another-mistral-deal/ if true , sorry to say this is purely a political deal to fuck ukraine and poland . 
   for the latter case - it is fine that you dont want to lose transit money , but it is ridiculous to use the eu as a tool in this . 
  we are well within our rights within the union , why is it ridiculous ? 
  i would n't mind the damn pipe with two conditions : - eu has a unique price when negotiating with gazprom - any eu country can resell to whomever they want at whatever price they want anything else is massive screwing with ukraine and medium one for poland . 
  also to whomever says `` this is just oil company business '' - this sounds to me almost like saying `` berlin wall was just construction company business '' . 
  in other news scandinavian countries should start complaining they are not western but northern whereas iceland shall correct everyone claiming they are western . 
  can we just get over this inferiority complex ? 
   are we talking about the quota that was agreed on months ago ? 
  yes . 
   now , greece has 3x people . 
  err , nope ? 
  one thing which puzzled me was the formulation `` taking 160 k people from greece and italy '' - i really thought there are 160k people in greek camps . 
  turns out greece has now ( after the north border closure ) ~ 40k - where are the others ? 
  ( hint : your country ) . 
  inviting all `` let 's ban xyz ( type of ) speech '' people to explain again why it 's useful/good . 
  any takers ?? 
   we will have to try it though . 
  a chance for failure , even if it is a significant one , is no reason not to attempt this . 
  the issue is too important . 
  sorry for the late reply - i was travelling . 
  yes , i also hope merkel did n't overestimated again her influence like when she bulldozed the quota . 
  but at the same time , let 's acknowledge v4 's position - if there is no chance to go through they 'll stop coming ... before macedonia closed its border , hungary had ~ 1-200 illegal border crossings/day . 
  now it 's down to 20-30 . 
  ok , then what exactly were you looking at ? 
  because if i filter for 2014 ( last year available ) - i see at `` crime levels '' netherlands `` ranked 58th . 
  60 % more than finland '', 
  you sure about that site ? 
  i find it hard believing finland has `` 175 times more than netherlands '' police officers . 
  / u/saltysolomon - would n't a live thread be better ? 
  i am not provoking , just suggesting - sry to bug you ) . 
  not again :(, 
  igaz/true that . 
  but then the article implies trump and le pen are examples for ee which is laughable . 
  very many thanks . 
  do you/annalists think that afd rising will lead to a move to the right for existing mainstream parties or the opposite ( more polarization ) ? 
  for those of us not intimately aware of german politics : who won and who lost ( compared to previous term ) ? 
  i can see the numbers but i do n't know who is allied with whom . 
  also , can we extrapolate anything from this elections ? 
   do you know what requirements these are ? 
  no eu country opposes it enough to veto it ? 
  this is bs . 
  average magyar janos knows as much of trump and le pen as the average french and american know about vona gabor ( i.e. 
  nothing ) . 
  also at least in hungary , people do n't vote jobbik because they do n't want eu or because they do n't look up at the west ( they actually do ) but because of corruption of ruling parties . 
  edit : vona gabor ( btw : in hungarian family name comes first ) is the leader of jobbik - our right-right-wing currently biggest opposition party . 
   the problem is that this just pushes the problem to another eu country keeping them open will also be pushing the problem to another eu country ( i.e. 
  germany ), 
  cloudflare is better if you can afford the not so small price . 
  there are also suspicions that that some attacks might be coming from within cloudflare itself . 
   not if the deal with turkey is working . 
  but would n't it be wiser for angela to shut up until there is proof the deal is working ? 
  around here the perception is that germany is schooling us publicly while secretly being very happy . 
   how many people are stuck at the greek border ? 
  30k on their own will - all hoping to go to germany . 
  can we agree they are not at the border because that 's the only place safe from persecution ? 
    they are housing large amounts of refugees do you have a source of refugees in camps ? 
  ( not total number ) - because i remember something ~ 250k . 
   i do n't think that the deal is that bad actually . 
  i agree - but there are a hell of ifs and buts , starting with our own report which doubts turkey stopping the stream even if they 'd want to . 
  yes , but if you firewall the optical cable and all that 's left is dial-up connections , the ddos will slow down to a manageable level . 
   they want both to close entries to migrants and refuse the turkey deal . 
  they want first to close entries to migrants to their own country . 
   it is unjust if we have to the only one doing this but is n't it equally injust/hypocritical to blast transit countries for protecting their borders ? 
  i have n't seen yet any solution for the two elefants in the room : - migrants want germany or nothing - while it 's fashionable to blast v4 there was no discussion about why only 1000 out of 160 k were relocated . 
   it starts with a w and ends with an ales . 
   closing the borders is a short-sighted solution as it does not help the whole of europe . 
  i would argue that keeping them open will certainly fuck the entire europe , germany more than the countries on the route . 
  keeping them close will help everyone ** except ** greece . 
  yes , i agree - a deal with turkey is preferable but not at any cost . 
  for example cyprus is blocking the chapters because turkey does n't recognize republic of cyprus ... ca n't really blame them . 
  you mean this ? 
   the union is founded on the values of respect for human dignity , freedom , democracy , equality , the rule of law and respect for human rights , including the rights of persons belonging to minorities . 
  these values are common to the member states in a society in which pluralism , non-discrimination , tolerance , justice , solidarity and equality between women and men prevail . 
  you are right , i guess keyword is `` voluntarily '' - you might remember for example czech proposed to take voluntarily same number as imposed by quota . 
  just realized i forgot the source for the plan : http://www.politico.eu/article/how-migrants-brought-central-europe-together-visegrad-group-orban-poland/, 
   the human rights say we need to take refugees and we all agreed to them and let 's not ignore them , too many nation do n't give a shit about them already . 
  is n't is so that the german law does n't consider refugees someone coming via a safe country ? 
  i do n't know how viable this would be but here 's v4 's proposal :  reduction can be achieved by actually implementing existing proposals to strengthen the external borders , including fighting traffickers ; using fences , naval blockades and forced returns ; and launching an assertive communications campaign to dissuade illegal travel to the eu . 
   extending help to refugees outside europe can be achieved through taking full care of existing refugee facilities in the eu 's neighborhood -- especially u.n. refugee agency ones across the middle east and africa -- where people in need will be protected from violence and persecution . 
  the eu itself would only accept asylum-seekers arriving from states on its borders , honoring the geneva convention 's first-country-of-asylum principal . 
   this principle means asylum-seekers do not have an absolute right to choose the country where they apply for protection . 
  they can accept refuge in the first safe country .
