  is there any hungarian politician not trying to gain political capital from it ? 
  very true . 
  orban handled well 2 major crises ( migration + chf loans ) . 
  everything else is still valid . 
  i guess that 's the reason we have 44 % of voters ( myself included ) undecided . 
  who is more moral v4 who openly said what we thought or the countries who said sure , we 'll help , just to do nothing later ? 
  while at it start also bashing denmark , uk and the gulf states . 
  you are just using us as scapegoats . 
   which right now is that you love to accept our money , investments and be allowed to work freely in our countries stop behaving like you are doing us favors - it benefits both sides . 
   but refuse to even shoulder the tiniest burden with regards to the current refugee crisis . 
  and eu states helped us so much with securing the common border , not . 
  also it 's not that we do n't want to help ; we are objecting to this specific form of help ( i.e. 
  letting everyone who bangs at the door and claims `` i 'm a refugee , i need germany '' ) . 
  orban got cold feet to my memory when the discussion started moving towards an perpetual redistribution mechanism . 
  i do n't know if it was legal but you are right - it was not discussed but bulldozed through . 
  i also remember that czechia offered to take voluntarily as many people as asked by quota but it was rejected . 
  what people like / u/h0agh do n't want to understand is that v4 is well within eu treaties from legality perspective . 
  ecj is set soon to decide weather forced relocation is within the scope of lisbon treaty among those things where unanimity is not needed . 
  so we 're entitled to our opinions as long as they do n't contradict yours ? 
  how kind of you !, 
   work together with the rest of the eu then please let me know when the extremely solidary `` rest of the eu '' is done distributing the 160k people or so - because sure as fuck it does n't look like solidarity . 
   leech from the eu while refusing to contribute anything so you are suggesting that for 4b/year we shall close our parliament and expect orders from the rich countries ? 
  anything else to please you masta ' ? 
  lmao , this is unexpected ; i would had expected the gvnt to give up on paid residence permits ( to please jobbik ) , instead this - to everyone still thinking our referendum was not mainly about internal politics : orban just caught 2 ` nd biggest party - jobbik - with their pants down for the second time . 
  in the next elections , whenever jobbik will try to present themselves as true hungarians , orban will gently remind them that hey , you opposed the constitutional amendment preventing that , we are the only ones fighting ... op , do you have a hungarian source ? 
  ( i was mostly afk , no time for index ), 
   politically neutral moderation . 
  i 'll believe that when guardian opinion pieces are as allowed as breitbart . 
  nobody can escape its bias , no matter how hard they try - that 's a well know think in psychology ( confirmation bias ) and the reason we have double blind clinical studies . 
  agree , but arguing with unruly users ( like myself ) on meta will still take some of his time . 
  also poor mods are constantly being accused of pushing some agenda from both left and right which i guess will take its toll . 
  anyway , i ca n't think of a more balanced person than him - we argued googly times and he always kept the argument civil and with excellent arguments ; not to mention the mainstream press worthy `` what actually merkel said '' post ( and i support orban and disagree with merkel on the issue btw ) . 
  +1 for / u/marketplatz - although it 's so good to argue with him that i 'd rather have him doing that instead of cleaning up the spam queue . 
  it 's still the least bad system . 
  stay at home people still have the right to vote and the right to exercise their right or not . 
  the percentage is irrelevant as long as everyone is clear with the rules of the game . 
  also please note that us maybe not the best example with the elector system ; a red voter will be less likely to go and vote in a strong blue state and the other way around . 
  unrelated to your point but related to the post : orban is not far right . 
  attitude like yours is what 's wrong with white man . 
  should they vote for a `` narcissistic , left wing demagogue '' ( which also happens to be what you want ) should be no problem i guess . 
   why did we get such crybabies ? 
  no offence , your post sounds like a crybaby . 
  i usually vote left and i 'm white - but i wo n't call other people names just because they disagree with me . 
  fully agree : it 's certainly better to be a street beggar in germany than in ee or africa or afghanistan . 
  anecdote : after romania got visa free to eu , the number of beggars i saw on street went down by half . 
  and no , i am not implying all romanians are beggars damn it . 
  they seem to be not welcomed anywhere nowadays . 
  we are just more blunt about it . 
   i personally never believed that most were fleeing persecution apparently you do n't read enough the guardian ... those bearded guys are kids - because they said so ; and it 's inhuman to question that btw !, 
   sea . 
  did you just say hungarian sea ???? 
  we 're interested !, 
  otherwise , we 're dang flat , wind just flows around . 
  like other continental countries we get the worse out of winter = no snow ;(, 
  you guys stop making us jealous !!!, 
  saturdays forecast here was something like : it will be a beautiful day for people who love cold , rain and wind . 
  this seems more relevant : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mungeslwev8, 
  i 'll be danged - we win for once !, 
  shoot for the stars !!!!!!, 
  ( or at least till ceiling ) . 
  i 'm glad that our governments at least try to work together instead of constantly bashing each-other . 
   as long as taxi drivers need a license , uber should not be allowed to operate without it for their drivers it depends what that license is about . 
  here in hungary uber survived the `` all taxi drivers must pass some exam '' but they pulled out when our idiotic gvmt stated `` all taxis must have the possibility to be paid cash and have a meter '' . 
  i took a taxify two days ago and the driver had to manually adjust the app based on the meter . 
  at the same time we still have ( according to some estimates ~ 10 % ) hyena taxis which will overcharge ( 5-20 times ) , especially the foreign tourists . 
   high-tech industry needs a lot of feeding-industry as well but that 's for manufacturing of high-tech products and i doubt uk will surpass china - especially out of eu . 
  i was thinking then of high-high-tech  ( it , biotech and other techs ) . 
   the uk should start investing in specific sectors , high-tech industry and services for instance uk already has a very high tech and services specific industry . 
  if my understanding was correct , a lot of brexiters were working in manual jobs . 
  now , sorry , not much chance to convert them . 
  paywall - does n't work in porn mode either, 
  +10 : my full support . 
   it 's only minefieldy because people cling to antiquated concepts of self like blood , nation or culture . 
  and they are antiquated because you say so or there is some other reasoning as well ? 
  paragraphs are a uk communist invention comrade !, 
  still love you , dear neighbors ... 
  to add on top of this : there is also the kid 's allowance and tax deduction for parents ( ~ 30 eur after first kid ) ; also +2 days of vacation after the first kid . 
  he meant customs and immigration are separate things ; there is no stamping at the gate . 
  every major schengen airport has two zones : schengen and international . 
  all schengen flights arrive and depart at schengen zone all others as international . 
  when one moves between this two zones he is subjected to passport control ( eu nationals can use their national ids ) . 
  when op lands it 'll be at the international area . 
  to get to his flight to france he has to go to the schengen area and go through passport control . 
  customs will happen at his arrival in france . 
  frankfurt for sure, 
  check out ozora festival - self described as psychedelic tribal gathering - since i do n't know bm ca n't tell if they are really similar . 
  https://www.wikileaks.org/background-and-documents-on-attempts-to-frame-assange-as-a-pedophile-and.html - official answer, 
  you really want to offend russia , do n't you ? 
  also belarus + ukraine are in the void whereas moldova got reunited with romania . 
  edit : also my country annexed slovakia apparently  and seriously - yugoslavia ?? 
  current sensors and software ca n't tell a toddler from a dog . 
  and self driving cars have currently as much ethics as your washing machine ( which has no nightmares after washing the cat ) . 
  for those saying they would n't buy such car consider the following aspects : - protecting the driver is the simplest programmable thing . 
  otherwise we end up in never ending scenarios ( and paradoxes ) like : shall it kill the kids on the right side or the nobel prize winner on the left side in order to avoid a heads-on collision with a school bus with tinted windows ( i.e. 
  we do n't know if there are kids inside ) . 
  - if you would be driving the car in the same scenario it 's highly likely you 'll hit the pedestrian as well due to much lower reaction time . 
  probably number of pedestrian causalities will be lower since the car wo n't have the `` i did n't see the kid running after the ball while i was texting '' issues . 
  that 's the flag of europe , not eu : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_europe, 
  is this marmite thing as important as tea ? 
  i mean important enough to start some wars over it ?
