   a decision was made and supported by a majority . 
  we are n't talking about the 160k which was decided indeed , but about a new proposal . 
  also that majority seem to fail miserably in implementation as less than 2000 were redistributed in half a year . 
  fun fact : currently hungary has more asylum seekers than we should have according to quota . 
   if those eastern european countries want to continue violating international law huh ? 
  and which international law are `` those european countries '' supposed to be violating ? 
   but the eu as an institution is and should be obliged to make sure that their member states actually honor the geneva convention relating to the status of refugees , which they all have signed all eu members are respecting the geneva condition - they would n't have been accepted in the first place otherwise . 
   come on , let 's be honest here , if gypsies were `` well integrated '' , jobbik would n't have half the support it does that 's why i said : `` in budapest '' - you know , where i live . 
  and yes , i stick to my word : in budapest gypsies are relatively ok integrated !, 
  yes , there is hate , racism and prejudice but most people go along just fine !, 
  also , there are huge differences between capital and countryside . 
  traditionally budapest votes socialists btw . 
  also jobbik is going through a renewal phase currently - imo they want to take over orban 's party segment with a message `` same thing but we 're less corrupt '' - to my knowledge they did n't do any marches in the last 2-3 years ( but i might be wrong - i am not fond of them , not really following what they do ) . 
   did hungary manage to integrate them better ? 
  at least in budapest , i would dare to say yes , although i have no idea why , we certainly did n't do some magic . 
  it might be we were luckier . 
  let me give you an example : i last saw a traditional gipsy attire in budapest ~ 6-7 months ago . 
  in the country side there were/are tensions mostly due to petty thefts - like stealing a chicken - police wo n't be too fond of investigating but the victims will certainly get angry . 
  there was this crippled lady on vaci street ( most touristy place in budapest ) and my transylvanian friend told her in romanian `` rise and walk '' ... and she chased us for a few meters with the stick ( true story ) . 
  my friend is n't jesus , mkay ? 
  joke aside , i know that not all romanians are gypsies but a hellofalot of beggars and pickpocketers are romanians . 
  this is a very thought provoking reply , posts like this are the reason i love reddit - thanks a lot !, 
  ( even if i disagree ) . 
   how much do you make ( net ) ? 
  much more than 500k - but i work in it . 
  why is it relevant ? 
  the relationship with eu money is a bit more complex . 
  let 's take an example : highways . 
  those are the same highways ( built from eu money ) where trucks carrying german good move . 
  that is : cheaper for them . 
  not to speak of things like when i do my shopping in a french supermarket ( auchan ) or keep my money in a german bank ( erste ) . 
  also the said highways were build mostly by strabag ( austrian ) or that metro 4 runs alstom ( french ) . 
  point being : a lot of eu money got back to where it came from !, 
  do n't get me wrong , this is all fine - i just try to point out that the equation is much more complex than net inflow of eu money . 
  i respect germany tremendously but the fact that they give us 5 billion/year does n't mean we are to be a colony !, 
   think of this fine as a way of letting the eu pay for the refugees from its own money here 's my problem : contrary to popular belief , hungary accepts refugees . 
  based on our laws !, 
  how do you think germans would react if told `` well , you must take this people because according to country x they are refugees '' . 
  otherwise just gib a shitload of money ... 
  thanks for the answer . 
  i 'd say settling the disputes one by one is the logical way to go ... 
  i am grateful of nato - without it we possibly would n't have a pissing contest but a full blown war . 
   migrants cant be sent back to hungary anyway , can they ? 
  assuming you catch them , sure !, 
  when austria stated they 'll build fences at the border with hungary , i was thinking to myself - why on earth ? 
  now it starts to be clear   a court in austria last year ruled hungary is not safe for them ? 
  i do n't fallow austrian news that much , but was n't it that it was a low level court which means that 's not precedent setting ? 
  and anyway , if this is true it means you guys ca n't send them back ... 
  fact is , hungary had around 12 000 migrants entering this year and currently around 1800 in camps . 
  go figure where the difference is ... 
  what stops the two countries going to the hague arbitration court and solve the border issue once for all ? 
  romania did that vs ukraine wrt bottom of the black sea ... 
  suddenly orban 's decision to have a referendum makes more sense - by any survey it 'll be largely against mandatory quotas although i doubt we will have 50 % participation hence invalid . 
  also this proposal has to be approved by the member states - it 'll be a fun show . 
  in other news , hungary ( re ) opened a migrant camp quite close to the border with austria . 
  government claims the location is a coincidence . 
  ahem . 
  y r u so fast on boxing me ? 
  you asked a simplistic question ? 
  ( left-right ) - i gave a simplist answer - by providing what i thought is an example of left-right dichotomy ( i have a feeling my answer was misunderstood ) - and the answer is yes , imo there is a left-right dichotomy in hungary although it has a different name . 
  left is called left-liberal . 
  i am unaware of international msm pro-orban , that 's why i used msm anti orban examples and local ones for pro . 
  now , of course there are a gazillion nuances but i guessed you are not interested in who is lefter 444 . hu or index.hu or who is righter 888 . hu or pestisracok.hu unrelated : you almost always write excellent comments ( even those where i disagree ) - keep 'em coming , 
  we still cry the times of mighty australo-hungarian empire . 
   not foreign , but not-eu based . 
  rephrasing : so if ceu gives the diploma is unfair but if kee gives the same diploma if fair ? 
   and that 's the reality in every european country i know i guess austria , poland , romania and lituania have no idea of it - since all of them offered themselves as hosts ... orban 's daughter is studying an executive mba in switzerland with a diploma recognized by us btw . 
   usde are very stringent when it comes to accrediting foreign universities - in fact , most do n't do it at all here we agree . 
  so ai n't it stupid to close this possibility for a hungarian university ? 
   anti-orban partisan fanatic rambles about propaganda !, 
  everybody rambles about propaganda . 
  and leftist media cried wolf so much that people ca n't tell anymore whether is serious or not . 
  except that in this particular case orban & co lied . 
  i did n't followed much what 's on the international press since i speak hungarian . 
   all they need is the kee to get their degrees accredited in the us i thought you speak of ceu , sry - back to the original thing . 
  yes , accrediting kee in the us is one way . 
  it just takes a lot of time . 
  meanwhile kee can not accept new students at 70 % of specializations - or they can accept them with the disclaimer `` we do n't know when your diplomas will be good '' and good luck keeping the teachers . 
  all of this for what ? 
  so that the ceu/kee will work exactly as it works today ? 
  but hey , orban himself said that 's not fair for the hungarian universities . 
  so if a foreign entity gives dual diplomas it unfair , if a hungarian one does is fair ? 
  wtf ? 
  now please tell me how the fuck does hungary benefits from this ? 
  and wrt propaganda : all the pro-gvnmt media is filled with lies and propaganda . 
  and a us constitutional amendment allowing the federal government to sign treaties about education - all it needs is 2/3rd of congress - also easy peasy . 
   this massive thing could be debated it 's massive by hungarian standards - this was the biggest protest in the last two years , the previous one was when the same gvnmt wanted to slap an extra tax on the internet . 
   it makes me think if these protests are `` genuine '' or at least `` inflated '' by the media . 
  they were genuine . 
  this specific university was just a catalist . 
  and for all the soros conspiracytards : i have yet to see one ** single proof ** that they were paid - i mean it would n't be so hard to infiltrate 100 people into a 50-70 000 crowd whom would show the proof . 
   has to do is to simply start operating as its hungarian entity that will only impact the 70 % or so of the students whom receive only us degree since they attend to the us accredited specializations . 
  so yeah , it 's very simple . 
   left-right dichotomy well , the whole international leftist media tells how orban is going after putin whereas orban 's media is against sjw 's and dictatorship of pc and forced multi kulti . 
  and they one of the best libraries in hungary - which can be used by students from any university - all of this while not receiving a single forint from the state . 
  there are a gazillion reasons on why this move from gvnmt is beyond idiotic . 
  it was not spontaneous . 
  and people do n't care of soros interests in this case but of closure of one of europe 's best university ( in their field of study ) . 
  that 's everyone but me goes the wrong way on the highway category . 
   a state managed push into larger and more technologically complex projects like this ?
