   most of the west was against that fence we do n't like it either but we have to respect a binding agreement called schengen . 
  sorry about that . 
  anyway , you 'd come begging in all 4 if 1-2 million migrants/year would come . 
  and us slaving to the western companies , land grab , brain drain , monopolistic infrastructure sold for peanuts is also your way of showing charity i guess and we has n't benefited at all . 
  for 16 years ( since joining eu ) how many times was that ee opposed the big ones ? 
  for once we decide to stand our ground and we get all the poo on the planet . 
  we shall tear down that fucking fence and give you an actual chance to show your `` superiority '' . 
   fuck off yes master !, 
  can i offer you my blood as well ? 
   but considering that the pace is actually picking up unless you have some clue on why is the pace picking up we 're just speculating - and there are not enough data points to predict a massive increase . 
  my wild guess is that the infringement to hu , pol and czh might have something with it . 
  some people think that in exchange of the eu money we shall unconditionally accept whatever ... 
  afaik the deadline for relocation is september . 
  the monthly numbers should increase ten fold to hit the 160k . 
  also it is worth following up on how many relocated people are still in their assigned countries 3-6 months after . 
  i did n't downvote you . 
  the big question-mark imo is spain since they have most of elderly uk nationals . 
  poland and maybe hungary will probably try to haggle a bit - why 5 years and not 4 but will be content at the end . 
  countries with few uk nationals will have no interest in blocking it . 
   nowhere did i ( or anyone else in this thread as far as i can tell ) indicate that letting every person in was the only option here then maybe you should have been more specific than :  i feel like orb\u00e1n is forgetting that for very many of us part of that european identity is also helping those in need . 
  and btw , while you rightfully bash me for misinterpreting your comment you then go on generalizing how i must feel/am . 
  not sure which of us is projecting . 
  for condescending tone , sorry about that . 
  i was drunk ( not an excuse , i know ) . 
  germany or some other rich country are the humane approach !, 
   v4 is n't cooperation yes it is . 
  it just means that for every issue they try to see if there is some common ground before going to the whole of eu . 
  if there is , they 'll support each other if not , well , that 's fine . 
   orb\u00e1n with his aggressive rhetoric why is that quote aggressive ? 
  it speaks mostly of hungary and hungarians ... 
   helping those in need . 
  you know , letting every person whom shows at the schengen border and says `` i am a refugee '' while having a draconian process for visas , is not the only way of `` helping those in need '' . 
  can it be that 3.6 % are people with refugee status whereas the difference till 14.9 is all foreigners ( including eu ones ) ? 
  ( sorry , i do n't speak german ) . 
  for all the crap we 're getting , hungary grants refugee status for ~ 600 people/year - and having this number since many years . 
  the number of applications is no long relevant since 2005 where we had 180k applications , most if not all of them closed due to `` applicant not found '', 
   and the answer here is `` to negotiate '' just because of this dependency . 
  in order to negotiate one needs something to offer . 
  in case of ukraine , it seems germany offered crimea and souped up sanctions . 
  ok , then why is poland paying more than hungary ? 
  they are more powerful and certainly buying higher volume . 
  1 . they 'll lose transit fees . 
  that money will go to german companies profit . 
  on an objective view , i 'd say ukraine needs that more . 
  russia will gain leverage over ukraine by setting whatever gas price they want . 
  or they want to pitch ee against we ? 
   so the goal should be to accelerate the push for a common european market , agree - that and the possibility of re-export which currently gasprom denies - but then i was told germany is against a common market . 
   and there was an offer to connect eastern europe to ns2 through poland afaik the negotiations are ongoing . 
   i would argue that it would be advantageous for eu members to generally not do things with security implications for other members . 
  germany also opposes nato permanent bases in poland . 
  nice summary btw . 
   nord stream 2 is a private project that 's like saying berlin wall was a private project of construction companies . 
  nothing wrt russian gas is apolitical as long as they use it as a geopolitical weapon . 
  did you ever wandered why germany pays much less than poland ? 
  ( hint : it 's not because of your cuteness ) . 
  shhh , i do n't want this to turn into a refugee thread , 
   but we have no obligations towards ukraine . 
  you guys are a bit weird ( and i 'm not criticizing you personally ) - you show tremendous solidarity to a country 3000 km away while actively engaging in actions which will harm a country next door . 
   is n't that the argument against ns2 ? 
   lol , fair enough but are n't you guys superior to the pesky v4 ? 
  :p the argument is that ukraine will be fucked , also there are moral and environmental issues . 
  this will not be sorted until the whole eu gets one price and without restriction to re-export . 
  hey i thought `` we do what 's good for us and fuck the rest '' is against european values / s, 
  your comment can be interpreted ( within context ) as claiming ns2 is an european project opposed mostly by v4 . 
  in fact is `` mostly '' a ruso-german project and opposed by more countries than the ones approving it . 
  france is pro because gdf . 
  european parliament should be against if they use the same logic as for south stream : http://www.novinite.com/articles/159923/meps+oppose+south+stream,+seek+sanctions+against+russian+energy+firms, 
   the eu commission you certainly seem sure :  the president of the european council donald tusk has said that nord stream 2 is not in the eu 's interests, 
   ( mainly the v4 ) nope : czech republic , estonia , hungary , latvia , poland , slovakia and romania , lithuania and croatia . 
  coincidentally , the countries complaining now are the same as where the following companies are from : gazprom , royal dutch shell , e.on ( now uniper ) , omv , and engie ( former gdf suez ), 
  dude , the sanctions were decided in the council with unanimous vote , not by ee . 
   nordstream ii shares are 100 % held by gazprom even though european energy firms are involved that 's also against the eu directive of not having transport and production owned by the same company , but i guess that applies only if your name is bulgaria . 
  i doubt it - orban is no idiot , we 'll have much more to lose if something bad happens to eu . 
  imho he thinks too high of himself and tries to play a geopolitical role higher than what our economic or ( non existent ) military power would warrant . 
  he also wants to win the next elections ( he will ) - and using this guy - which specializes in identifying some enemy/bad thing then obsessively focus on that : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arthur_j._finkelstein#campaign_style_and_reviews, 
   but i 've heard a lot of people complaining about germany 's influence in the eu , but little about the specifics a lot of eu stuff comes via european commission ( the eu government ) - it 's also next to impossible to determine how much german influence is in various decisions so some people will blame it on germany regardless , whereas germans will say `` hey , it 's eu 's decision , not ours '' . 
  also , as / u/marketplatz said , it 's rare germany does n't got what they want - which amplifies the perception that eu is ran by them . 
   well , i think this is a law thing . 
  making the populistic statement `` i do n't intend to pay this bill '' can lead to a immediate reaction . 
  just waiting and not paying takes a bit longer . 
  sadly true . 
  personally , i would had preferred 1000 times if orban would had stfu , take 10 or so and put them in kormend ( that 's near austria ) but then he decided to go retarded and make anti brussels one of the key topics on the upcoming elections - and any punishment hungary might receive will only make him stronger . 
  agree , with the rest also , lol . 
  you 'll get it from australian media tomorrow . 
  you are mostly right , i guess - it 's about perception . 
  because i fail to see how taking 10 people ( that would be enough to take us off the hook ) would solve italy 's problems with migration . 
  my point about fairness was that in september ( i.e. 
  deadline for picking the people up ) , ec should start infringement against all countries who did n't fulfilled their quotas . 
  i would have no problem with that and v4 shall pay the fine or take the refugees . 
  i do mind this attitude of `` you take 10 '' good guys , `` you take none '' , bad guys . 
  so we impose sanctions on russia because of ukraine then we fuck ukraine 10 times over while disregarding eu 's own policies ? 
  do you have a source on ukr transit fees ? 
  i am not informed on the topic so ca n't comment . 
   i do n't see why `` german '' businesses should have to pay billions every year for eternity to secure ukranian energy supply . 
  sure , that 's why i said merkel should n't had be a hypocrite ... 
  when was merkel nominated as rules of europe ? 
  ... and if all european countries would care only about their businesses there would be exactly 0 sanctions . 
  i would n't have a problem if merkel would n't be a hypocrite and instead of saying `` european business '' she 'd say german business . 
  north stream is very controversial - 9 eu countries are officially opposing it , it 's against eu 's own policy on diversification and partly on separation of ownership of production and transport , there are environmental concerns and it 's not even sure we need the extra capacity . 
  the only thing sure about ns is that money currently going to ukraine via transit fees will go to german businesses instead .
