  in microsoft scandal , to my knowledge , microsoft itself was not involved but some license reselers . 
  also according to [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/microsoft_licensing_corruption_scandal ) all proeminent persons involved are romanian . 
   o n't worry , the western elite is just as degenerate sorry , i do n't get your point : do you try to say - we 're bad but there are some others who are bad therefore everything 's fine ? 
  also panama is about tax evasion not corruption/stealing from the state budget . 
  i fully agree with this statement - but those money were not `` stolen '' in the sense as `` going to oligarchs '' . 
   also , ` middle of the crisis ' in 2010 , that 's something only we could manage to do ... well , bajnai did n't exactly leave a rosy situation . 
  orban 's point at that time was that if we continue with the imf austerity and mo ' taxes ( i was paying 52 % btw ) is not sustainable for the population . 
  looking at greece i kind of agree with him on that . 
  short answer : the alternatives were perceived as worse . 
  ( if you want a long one ask for it  for example right now the second party is the right-right-jobbik . 
  if orban would go soft on migration issues there is a real chance jobbik will win . 
  would n't call those huge though ... 
  huge were the anti gyurcsany ones and they still could n't change a thing . 
  this is an excellent point !, 
  the socialists were one party until 2010 . 
  after orban 's win they split into 3 parties and spent most of the 4 years infighting . 
  in 2014 they managed somehow to form a coalition indeed a bit too late . 
   to be fair , they more or less stole $ 10b of private pensions a few years ago . 
  i do n't like orban and this mnd stuff pisses me off , but the 10b was spent mostly for paying loans and keeping the deficit below 3 % in a crisis year . 
  please remember we were in the middle of the crisis and immediately after glorious gyurcsany regime . 
  weather orban should had listen to imf and raise the taxes instead of lowering them is a different story . 
  my guess is they picked for each country the `` as right as you get '' parties and lumped them together . 
  otherwise i agree with you , does n't makes much sense . 
  for hungary the choice they present is jobbik . 
  however , many newspapers also refer to orban 's fidesz as far-right . 
  what should be jobbik called then ultra-very-far-right ? 
  well , most people do n't think in terms of `` cost of opportunity '' . 
  in other words if i loan you 100 eur and get back the same 100 after 4 years i 'll be happier than getting back 90 eur after 2 years . 
  in the first case i wo n't compute it psychologically as a loss , whereas in the second case i will . 
   all we can do is give the greek a chance to rebuild their country on their own terms . 
  whether they fail or not is irrelevant i was n't disagreeing with you - just pointing out that the situation is a bit more complex than `` it 'll hurt in the short time but will be better in the long one '' . 
  greece needs money for investments otherwise there is no chance of getting out quickly . 
  but nobody is willing to lend it to them . 
  so the only alternative is sloooowly - if we 're to believe the current government they 'll return to growth next year . 
  i really hope that 'll be the case . 
  after the black image i got a movie with a guy and a gun . 
  there is also a lion ( not kidding ) . 
  it does : http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36355615, 
  bbc will not report based on tweets - i guess they will wait for something more consistent . 
  current government is socialist ( by name ) - that 's how they won after all . 
  anyway , i was thinking more from economical/possible outcome perspective - rapidly devaluating currency , black market and attempt at price controls . 
   it would hurt more short term do n't underestimate that - the second greece pulls out of ez all exporters will demand upfront payments ( in euro ) - this alone will throw the battered economy even more under . 
   but allow greece to rebuild with more control over their finances . 
  assuming an extremely competent government and greek people trusting their new currency . 
  otherwise they might pull a venezuela . 
  you are correct , both end up in greece paying less . 
  however , a write-off is hard to sell to the public compared to `` we 'll get all our money back it will just take a bit longer . '', 
   exactly , unlike say greek nazis , polish or hungarian nazis are proud . 
  i ca n't speak of poland but hungary was under nazi ruling for less than a year . 
  under commies for 45 ... 
  ok , it beats me on why germany does so good then - but i am certain euro is not the only thing . 
  my intuition tells me that egalitarian societies should do better - easier chance for the best ideas to come on top . 
  i almost start to believe the legendary stereotypes of german efficiency , 
  this has been discussed for example here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europemeta/comments/4ga7yy/am_i_the_only_one_who_believe_the_quality_of/ my quite downvoted apparently answer here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europemeta/comments/4ga7yy/am_i_the_only_one_who_believe_the_quality_of/d2iaqts my only ban in 6 years or reddit was for starting a bet on how fast a `` sensitive topic '' will be removed , so yeah , i 'm sensitive . 
  beloved mods , i am just answering the man 's questions , please do n't ban me !, 
   your former facebook friends are assholes . 
  most probably they will claim that `` communism brought soooo much good things also , so let 's forget about the implementation details '' . 
  i do n't dare to tell my opinion on why without wandering on meta topics which might earn me a ban ... so i wo n't do that . 
   global trade slumped significantly during the crisis , the dutch economy is very vulnerable to such shocks . 
  yes , but an export country like germany should then be even more affected , should n't it ? 
  - i mean they will face both slowdown in production and also in trade ( and granted the trade factor being of less importance than for dutch ) . 
   german culture is rather hierarchical , with considerable trust in authority . 
  dutch culture is much more egalitarian ... agree . 
  but for example finland is eqully or even more egalitarian than holland . 
  when i worked for a finnish ( very large ) company , the only person we would address with `` sir '' was the ceo . 
   many retailers have gone bankrupt in the netherlands after not being able to compete with the internet , but that trend is much more limited in germany . 
  i am not sure i understand what you mean on this one - should n't internet/digitization bring you guys a competitive advantage over germany ? 
  anecdote from a frined who talked with some toyota high ups : `` we are afraid of the germans if they learn to talk to each-other '', 
   actually , such thing did n't happen . 
  thanks , i 'll spank lukasz , one of my irl polish friends first time i meet him , edit : for telling me russians forbid polish language ... 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you , just saying that parent was grossly exaggerating . 
   polish citizens , not people . 
  people is a larger category than citizens ... to my knowledge , in poland , you guys also had forced russianization to the point that one could go to jail for speaking polish . 
  for once , our impossible language ( hungarian ) was an advantage , 
  slightly unrelated . 
  things like this are deeply engraved into the collective memory of people living in ex-commie countries . 
  and in my country calling someone a `` communist '' is an insult . 
  calling someone a `` nazi '' , not so much ( and relatively uncommon ) . 
  i have members of my family whom were persecuted by communists for being of wrong social origin or whom died in prison ( during 50 's before i was born ) . 
  that 's why calling us nazis/xenophobes/etc as an attempt to induce us into guilt , will warrant at max a huh , wtf ? 
  it seems plenty of respectable newspapers do n't get this either . 
  hehe , if you 'll be a people manager one day you 'll know this is always true . 
  if the manager/leader does n't do anything , it 's his fault . 
  if he does something then well , that was by default a stupid thing to do  also if you 'll be a people manager never go to paintball with your team . 
  just saying . 
  what i do n't understand from this type of articles is how they explain that other western countries with productivity close to germany ( finland , holland , etc ) do n't enjoy the same benefits . 
  the elephant in the living room is the state expenditure on wages . 
  the question greeks are facing is : do you want your pension/salary reduced by 50 eur ( making up the number ) or we switch to drahmas where your pension/salary will be reduced by 50 eur ... 
   when muslims and immigrant become majority non muslims and people without immigrant background will be burnt alive themselves , not only their homes . 
  source please ? 
   it 'll be downvote-brigaded into oblivion within seconds . 
  it has 9 points currently . 
  certainly not in oblivion , 
  probably iskanders, 
  yup , we have that one also - here 's a recipe for the poppy seed one : http://aprosef.hu/makos-teszta-recept, 
  but we put ketchup only on pizza !, 
  does that count for our redeemer ? 
  in hungary we have a dish of pasta with poppy seeds . 
  also i know some people who eat pasta with marmalade . 
  my italian friend almost had a seizure when he first saw the blasphemy  edit : we also have pasta with cabbage , with minced nuts ( as mentioned below ) and with curd cheese ( with sour cream on top ) .
