  for some reason , i thought you were thinking using force at the border . 
   so again , that should qualify as `` escalation '' , should n't it . 
  or respecting the laws ... but yeah . 
  nice warap-up . 
   either let them cross peacefully or escalate it and hold them back by force alternative 3 : if i remember well orban stated he 'll stop them if merkel publicly asks him to upheld the law . 
  that did n't happen . 
   would also have been objectively wrong it would be objectively wrong if germany invited them - or i am not sure i understand you . 
   ... the moronic dublin regulations ... agree , although i do n't think regulators had this huge waves of people in mind when agreeing . 
   hungary even getting hit actually we were n't hit that hard since people were only transiting - we would had been hit indeed if austria closed their borders . 
  amateurs . 
  you have to filter it through bread ( still risky ) or even better active coal . 
   how ? 
  you mean like show some leadership and try to do something before shit hits the fan ; and not be surprised by 3000 people marching on m1 ? 
  i mean it 's not like greece , italy and hungary were n't crying wolf for moths . 
  i read on this sub that merkel 's tactic is to wait until there is only one solution then sell that with `` there was nothing else we could do '' - dunno if true or not . 
   hungary escalate ? 
  escalate how ? 
  polandballs maybe ? 
  in some cases they can start infringement procedures though . 
  also this video is not what it seems . 
  check the year , 
  sorry for misinterpreting you . 
  my point was that it does n't matter if it is 1 or 10 million . 
  what on earth have jews to do here ? 
  also what is there to argue ? 
  jewish genocide is one of the best documented things in recent history . 
  and friendly warning - do n't be publicly a holocaust denier because that 'll earn you a permaban . 
   in the days when stalin was commissar of munitions , a meeting was held of the highest ranking commissars , and the principal matter for discussion was the famine then prevalent in the ukraine . 
  one official arose and made a speech about this tragedy -- the tragedy of having millions of people dying of hunger . 
  he began to enumerate death figures ... stalin interrupted him to say : `` if only one man dies of hunger , that is a tragedy . 
  if millions die , that 's only statistics . '', 
  wikipedia claims 2.5-7 .5 million . 
  is that then acceptable ? 
  thanks , edited , 
  i like putin as much as i like an enema but article is so dang wrong !, 
   russians do n't value some nebulous , high-minded globalist agenda . 
  they value victory , whatever the cost . 
  civilian deaths do not matter , especially if they are on the adversary 's side . 
  sure do , because afghanistan and irak were accepted by the us public because they had a collective `` high-minded collective agenda '' and not because of fake news and propaganda . 
  oh wait ...  i think a lot has to do with centuries of living under the control of the mongolian hordes try ~ ~ 90 ~ ~ 70 years of communism instead . 
  edit : and 20 years of autocratic nostalgia after . 
  i do n't think russians ( like any other people ) like death ( of self or others ) . 
  but every culture can rationalize it differently especially in cases where the regular folk can do nothing to prevent it . 
  in us they died in iraq to protect us freedom . 
  in russia , apparently , `` advance the needs of mother russia '' . 
  apparently yuuge difference !, 
  edit : i forgot who said it but if one wants to understand russians better read dostoevsky and gogol . 
   live map of the results - credit to / u/someguytwo for posting it earlier those are not the results but the attendance rates, 
  august 31 ` st news . 
  also this was denied by romania side . 
  nah , we just wait for you guys to meme yourselves after tomorrow 's elections : http://imgur.com/ujitbty, 
  better ask in / r/hungary or / r/budapest, 
  agree . 
  it all depends if by `` european '' one means someone living in europe or belonging to the hard to define but nevertheless existing european culture . 
  that 's funny , orban said roughly the same ... 
  only if you promise to unleash / r/the _ schulz ... that zug has no brakes , choo chooooooooo !!!!, 
  which one - the german or the russian one ? 
  / r/hungary is waiting for / r/austria to make up their minds while nervously checking the eastern border situation . 
  make austro-hungary great again - mahga !, 
  40 % psd - that 's the let 's protect the corrupt ones party , right ? 
  how the fusk can they get so much ??? 
  ( also thanks for the write-up ), 
  in other news ( politico ) : [ commission launches plan to cut number of migrants on greek islands ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/commission-launches-plan-to-cut-number-of-migrants-on-greek-islands/ ), 
   or another schengen country in violation of the dublin rules . 
  dublin rules do not oblige the border states to keep migrants locked . 
  this http://www.politico.eu/article/how-to-win-a-referendum-brexit-inside-story-vote-leave-campaign/ just come out - very interesting . 
  it also basically says stay campaign did some basic mistakes :(, 
  man , you know , not everything with a hungarian flag mentioning romania is about `` throwing dead cats '' plm , i obviously made a mistake when phrasing . 
   wealthier regions of romania harcov are a bit below average if i remember well . 
  source : adev.ro / mpcylw translation :  in a top led authoritarian , every year , harghita and covasna counties , the first with 33.98 suicides per 100,000 inhabitants , and second with 30 . 
  the two hungarian counties mostly followed at a great distance , giurgiu and tulcea, 
  `` fun '' fact : i remember reading a while ago the ratio of suicide among ethnic hungarians in romania was on par with that of hungarians in hungary ( and much higher than that of romanian ethnics ) - which was kind of ruling out the economic factors . 
  edit : corrected lower/higher, 
   failings to reach a functional consensus that 's the turkish deal which is still standing is n't is so ? 
  just had this crazy thought : what if this is a warning by proxy to italy ? 
  good luck on convincing greece to register new arrivals in the future . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you but as long as we ca n't codify into the election rules that x lies is acceptable whereas x +1 is not we are stuck with this . 
  also most people who told lies during brexit are politicians , one would expect the electorate will stop voting for them once they realize they got duped . 
  if not , well , sorry to say they deserve them . 
  the system which works well from what i can tell is in switzerland - somehow the people there seem much better informed of both pros and cons . 
  by your argument then almost no democracy is `` well functioning '' . 
  there is the same mix of lies and misinformation at general elections as well in many countries . 
   to me , democracy means making a well-informed decision democracy means will of the people - if many people are idiots who 'll believe everything , you 'll have bad decisions but still a democracy . 
  i should had formulated better , something like `` the same media '' - sorry for the broad generalization . 
   thomas jaeger , a political scientist at cologne university . 
  `` all the elements of fear are on hand : once again , it was violence against a woman ; once again , it was a crime by a refugee ; and once again , the country 's most important news show did n't report it . 
  it only seemed to confirm the worst suspicions of some that the mainstream media do n't want to report disagreeable kinds of stories about refugees . '' and then ~ ~ leftist ~ ~ the same media is surprised that people start voting populist and breitbart readership ( censored here ) grows like crazy, 
  unrelated : you really represent the canadian stereotype of being always nice , btw   it 's a direct appeal to simple emotion ... 
  it 's an attempt of manipulation if you ask me and fully agree , basic emotions are the best way on manipulating people . 
  let 's say the anti-refugee camp decides to start publishing pictures of victims of crimes committed by migrants and refugees . 
  would that be ok ? 
  also for / u/niikopol - thanks guys , bad example from my side - i edited my post accordingly . 
  my point was that the current eu decision making is a bit difficult - each new addition to eu will increase the difficulty exponentially . 
  do n't get me wrong - i fully support eu accession to balkans but i believe eu needs to do some kitchen cleaning first . 
  it 's not the amount of population but the difficulty of reaching decisions when anyone can veto stuff . 
  ~ ~ let 's say serbia gets in first ; do you think they 'll let albania ? 
  ( or the other way around , does n't really matter ) . ~ ~ < - edit : bad example, 
  this is an really nice write-up , thanks !, 
  but then the follow up question is : what is the message they try to pass ? 
  and why ?
